Quicken's WillMaker Plus 2011 is simple to install and comes with three free bonuses:  "Your Little Legal Companion" booklet that covers topics from Going to College to Planning Your Estate; an e-book, "Nolo's Encyclopedia of Everyday Law"; and an Online Living Trust.  It also provides free online legal updates through 2011.  The program is categorized into four main sections: Estate Planning, Executors, Home and Family, and Personal Finance.  Examples: under Estate Planning, the documents include Will, Health Care Directive (Living Will & Power of Attorney), Durable Power of Attorney for Finances, etc. Under Home and Family, there's Child Care Agreement, Pet Care Agreement, Elder Care Agreement, Housesitting instructions, etc.  This program guides users using a simple questions and answers format by clicking on or entering relevant info.  I hammered out a rudimentary yet legal will and printed it in less than five minutes.  Overall: perhaps a bit oversimplified but sometimes simplicity makes the entire legal process easier to understand and execute for most users.  Users requiring more detailed/complicated legal documents can reference Nolo's online resources or seek professional legal counsel.
A friend died of cancer a few years ago and while he had over a year to prepare he didn't leave a will behind.  This shows that a will doesn't have to be difficult to create or expensive and you never know when you might need it.  Better than everything going to the state goverment.
I have to say that this software is great to save yourself a lot of legal fees. From what I gathered from using it, I would have to say that it doesn't leave out anything in terms of how you want your things distributed. It answers many questions on a lot of different subjects, like elderly parents, children that reside in different countries, right down to how to direct your items to people other then direct family members. I used this to create a will for myself, and am glad I did. I may in the future decide to go to a professional if I so desire, but with using this, I don't really feel the need. My brother in law saw me using this software and wanted to know if my kids bought it for me LOL!
Anyone with any property of value should make sure it is given to the right people when he or she dies. Probate courts will make the decision for you unless you hava a Will. You can pay a lawyer hundreds, maybe thousands of dollars to draw up the legal document, you could go through the hassle of trying to do it yourself without leaving anything out, or you can use a software package like Qwicken Willmaker.The Qwicken software interviews you to determine what you own and who you want to give it to. It generates all the legal verbage to make sure you are not vague. It took me about 20 minutes to install the software and complete a will. If you hired an attorney, it would take several hours and cost you a lot more money.To me, the choice was clear.
I like how this software gives everyone access to the legal system.  It provides for a legal will, Health Care Directive, Financial Power of Attorney and other documents more generally used  ( Promissory Notes, General Bill of Sale, etc.)  at a low cost.There are 40,000+ templates in this software which should provide for customization.  The steps to making a will are easy: answer questions, fill in all fields and wait until the software finalizes a will.  The entire process took around 20 minutes.  Hopefully, I will not start spitting out all kinds of legal documents because this software has them and they're so easy to make.  I don't think my friends would appreciate seeing a Pet Care Agreement (provided with software).  A plethora of information is contained in the included Legal Guide and most importantly, how to correctly use the software to create legal documents.You need to register online for technical support.  It also allows for software updates through 2011.  Technical Support can be reached at 510-549-4660, but the lack of an 800 number might be a detractor.The cost of this product versus fees from an attorney makes this software very attractive.  WillMaker 2011 Plus states that it cannot help you if you reside in Louisiana or the U.S Territories, otherwise you should be good.
I'll just review the main product here, if you're looking at WillMaker Plus then you're probably interested in making a will and not really in the extras that are tacked onto the product. (The extras are pretty slim items in fact.)I was able to use this software to make up a will that looks reasonable and I have every expectation is legally sound (Nolo is well-respected on the legal book/DIY legal end of things). The software guides you through the process rather well I think. If your situation is especially simple you might be even better served starting with a boilerplate will found online, though you'd have to judge the authority of the site on which you located it. This software, or the Nolo book which covers the same material in analog form, is a tiny fraction of the cost of a lawyer to write up your will.
Nobody wants to think about dying.  But eventually it happens.  Unless we leave specific documents directing disposal of our assets, the state will come in and do it for us.  Quicken makes it easy to put together the most important documents: a will, a living will, power of attorney and various trusts.Generating each document is a mainly a simple matter of working your way through a questionnaire, checking off options at each point along the way.  At the appropriate time you are asked for primary and secondary beneficiaries, executor, then for specific bequests.  There is a contextual help panel that explains what you are doing at any time, and more help is available for greater depth.  At the end, Willmaker assembles a document with the appropriate legal boilerplate for your state, along with the options you have selected.  You print it and sign it according to the specific laws of where you live, and you're done. The process itself is simple, but you'll probably find that many of your wishes will need clarification before adding them.Because Willmaker is intended to generate legal documents for nearly every state, it must be fairly conservative in its language and the flexibility of control it offers.  If you wish to add conditions to bequests (nephew Charlie only gets the money if he stops gambling), then you need a good attorney.  A will that is full of conditions can easily be challenged and invalidated. A principal goal of Willmaker is to avoid such an outcome.  I have found that working my way through the program has helped me refine my wishes and to consider things that had not come to mind.  As time and circumstances change, it's easy to revisit and update the document.  It appears to be flexible enough for most people: at the least it provides a useful practice session before engaging an attorney.This is a Windows-only program.  I had no trouble at all running it on my Mac, using Parallels.  Still, I'd have preferred a native version.  I remember an earlier version of this program that was Mac-based, and I hope Quicken will consider supporting this market again.
I'm grateful for this type of software. Huge savings over having to hire a lawyer. Most people will be well served with this product.If you want to save even more money, though, there probably isn't much reason to not use the 2009 package, which is still available and much cheaper.
A newer version of this is out and should be purchased instead of this older version.  While some important things change suddenly, most things stay much the same and only change by small increments.  Still, when a legal problem does occur, a person should have the newest possible information.Quickens Legal Business Pro 2011 does have a great deal of useful information dealing with legal business problems.  But it covers so many subjects that users will find only a little that applies to their individual business needs.  Also know that this reference is not so complete that you can act as your own lawyer.Having said this, I recommend that business people with a potential for legal problems do purchase the newer 2012 version.  It will be helpful and may even reduce the needs for expensive attorney consults.  It is not interesting reading, but it does give an approach to handling many legal problems for business people.
For the price, this software is an excellent value. You get a huge selection of legal forms as well as the full text of 5 NOLO books. They are:How to Write a Business PlanBusiness Loans from Family & Friends: How to Ask, Make It Legal & Make It WorkLegal Guide for Starting & Running a Small BusinessThe Manager's Legal HandbookTax Savvy for Small BusinessFor the small business owner or someone about to start a business venture, this is a wealth of information. The books alone are worth several times the cost of the software. There is no substitute for professional legal advice, but this software is a great place to start doing the research, planning, and education you will need for a successful business, hiring workers, or managing contracts for goods and services.What's in the box: a CD of the software (Windows only) in a paper sleeve, a thank you card, and a printed handbook called "Your Little Legal Companion: Helpful Advice for Life's Big Events".The handbook is of dubious helpfulness. It's a mishmash of seemingly random topics, with irreverent titles and a list of 10 bullet points to each topic. Examples include "Who Ate the Last Piece of Pie? - Moving in With Your Lover", "Being a Good Neighbor", "Selling on eBay", "Writing a Book", "Rock On - Starting a Band", and "Surviving a Natural Disaster". The "advice" is short and not likely to be helpful. It's like something you find on Yahoo News top 10 lists.
Quicken Legal Business Pro works very well for providing basic legal advice and forms for most small business needs.  If you own a complex business setup or work with large dollar amounts then you probably should seek a lawyer to iron out your forums.  For most basic small business this Quicken program provides good information and very usable forms.  As an added bonus the files are in pdf format and can be edited and typed on to suit most needs and look professional.The program itself installs without a hitch and the overall interface is fairly easy to use though not as polished looking as some of the newer programs out there.  Overall this is a very good buy for anyone looking for basic business advice and forms.
As an owner of a small business, there are often times when I need a simple contract or legal document drafted up.  Time and resources are valuable.  Not everyone can afford to pay lawyers or legal aides $400+ to fill out some template.  This package gives you the convenience to do it yourself.This library of forms and books is comprehensive and can save you a bundle.  After installing and using it for a few weeks here are the pros and cons that I have come up with:PROS:- Simple and straightforward installation- Easy to use- Extensive collection of forms- While I haven't had the time to read it all, the Nolo business books is a great point of referenceCONS:- fill-in process is required.  IMO it would be much easier to input the information directly into the document.- no index of documents- could not find any way to export information to other file formats.Overall, this collection of forms and books presents a great value that can save you money on your first use, and I'd highly recommend it for other small business owners.
Lots of helpful information, especially from the included books.  Make sure you purchase the current year version, so you're up-to-date.  Certainly many of the books will give you valuable information longer. . . but tax laws change so frequently that you don't want to miss-out on the updates.
Legal Business Pro is targeted more toward the entrepreneur who is gearing up to move out of the garage, which may be a disservice to those who are looking to start a business.For example, the Quicken name seemed to suggest to me that a person could enter some information, and have Legal Business Pro spit out all of the forms you'd need to start an LLC in your locality. After all, that's basically whatTurboTaxdoes. Instead though, you have a very broad range of forms and other documents that you'd start to use when you move up to selling your widgets or services to other companies, or need to start making time or fiduciary commitments.And while the forms are definitely solid (though I'd still go with a lawyer if I hit the big time and started supplying Amazon with the next-generation Kindle), the real gem in Legal Business Pro is the collection of Nolo books.Any not-lawyer who is even mildly interested in law has probably come across a Nolo book or two, so I'll spare you my addition to the masses who sing their praises. What you wind up with here is several Nolo books for an absolute steal. If you had an interest in even one of the books that are included in Legal Business Pro, I'd snap this up immediately.
Before reading on, please note that the newer, updated version (2012) is now available for less --Quicken Legal Business Pro 2012. (Today, the price is just $26 for the updated version)That said, I have not looked at the 2012 version, but it claims to have everything the old version has plus more. So I'll go ahead and comment on the old version we've used:First, most (probably all) of these forms can be found online for free. The real estate & leasing contracts, for example, can be found on your state realtors web site, or your state's bar association web site. Contracts for goods & services can be found on your state web site (department of motor vehicles for a bill of sale for a car, etc). But if you're like me and don't have time to browse, surf & download, here they are offered on one disc for a pretty reasonable price.I will also add, most of these forms are what you see on Nolo.com, usually on sale for $15-$20 each. So if you've ever downloaded a form or contract from Nolo, you can get a couple hundred forms here for the price of 2. They claim this contains $900 worth of forms (real estate & leases, bill of sale, service contract & invoicing, paperwork for hiring employees, corporate minutes, IRS tax forms, sample forms for corporate policies, and a few more).All of that said, this is nowhere near exhaustive - if you are run a fairly straightforward service or contracting business, or are a sole proprietor, this might meet many of your needs. But if you have a corporation (even an LLC), this software is insufficient.I don't really agree with the reviewers who say this will save you legal fees - I don't know anyone who hires a lawyer to write such simple forms. There is nothing here that saved us any legal fees.Also, none of the forms were usable "as-is" for me. Fortunately they can be customized, but I ended up adding huge addendums to any form I used. And, most of these forms are very common, we already had form letters on the computer for most of these topics (we store form letters online for free on our Google Docs account - saves file space, never worry about a crashed hard drive, and any employee can access & download a blank form from anywhere in the world, for free).Nonetheless I still give this 3.5 to 4 stars. For me, it's all about saving time. There were a few useful things on here, which saved me an hour or two, so it's not perfect but it deserves a decent rating.
First, the books (5 total). How to write a business plan is great! I spent a couple of hundred dollars several years ago on software that promised to help me write a business plan. It was not very clear, nor was it very helpful. This e-book is very helpful, and alone would be worth it for anyone who needs to write a business plan. The Managers Legal Handbook and 101 Personal Law Forms for Personal Use are also very good, and easily make this a win. As for Business Loans From Family and Friends, and Tax Savvy for Small Business, these didn't do much for me, especially since I have learned to NEVER borrow from family or friends, and I let me accountant advise me with my tax issues.The software itself....well, it's basic, but plentiful. You will not use them all, but you are certain to use some of them, and while many of them can be found online from different places, it's nice to have everything in one place and readily available. For example, you can find a confidentiality agreement sample online. About 15 years ago I had an attorney write one specifically for my business which included a patent I had been granted. I paid her $450. It was 3 pages long. It was overkill. It was very difficult to get anyone to sign it without having their legal team read it and then modify it. Recently, I had another drafted (for something else). Less than half a page, simple, and to the point, $200. I could easily have tweaked this one and had the same results! The noncompete agreement is also great.Some of the more useful forms include consignment contract, contract for services, mutual release of contract claims, and authorization to release information, to name a few more.I think the lease agreements are useless. Commercial leases should be handled by an attorney who is VERY familiar and experienced with commercial property. I cannot stress this enough, and what might apply in one town/municipality/village/city may  not apply in another. I learned this the hard way folks.The download for 101 Law Forms for Personal Use includes MANY useful forms including Wills (with or without children), executor's checklist, power of attorney, credit check authorization, dispute incorrect credit report entry, and much more. Another very useful addition.I would give it 4.5 stars if I could. It's just not quite enough to push to 5 stars. Still, a good value and a good resource.
I got this because my wife and I are considering buying an existing business and thought this should help with drafting legal agreements.  It does that, and fairly well.  I can't say that it includes every single scenario that we were interested it, but it does cover a wide range of business types, LLC, PLLC, etc and it does cover different purchase methods, asset, stock, etc.  For us it was a very good start that we plan to have an attorney look at.  Still I do believe is a good product, but not great, that may be a reflection on what this product is trying to accomplish, which is very broad and comprehensive.  This is worth buying in my opinion, just don't expect it to produce a perfect document, without some tweaking.
I used Quicken Legal Buiness Pro for my own small online business last year. It really helped out in a few areas. The biggest was documents! I could finally  get my own documents and print them right out without the help of an attorney or accountant. It certainly saved me here and there! It is certainly easy to use and gives a prompt showing the legal in's and out's as you go along.  As always, if in doubt, contact your own attorney for advice.  I would buy this again just to save myself the time and money.
For someone, like myself, in the process of starting a small business this program is a nice 'one stop shopping' for essential legal information. It's pretty basic and no-frills, quite a lot of the forms are available online for free already. In other words, for a reasonable price you have a whole bunch of templates and standard documents. But you may not know exactly what to do with all of them. Consulting a lawyer is still a good idea when dealing with contracts and so forth. How complex your business structure will be has a direct relation to what you will get out of this product.This is a NOLO product, and I've consulted a number of their excellent books for legal advice. The Quicken brand was apparently licensed in order to give the product more name recognition. This isn't like the program Quicken, which helps you manage your investment portfolio and other finances. Don't expect a program that holds your hand, allowing you to plug in numbers and manage your accounts, etc on autopilot. There is likely to be some frustration and confusion involved for anyone just embarking on small business management for the first time.The five NOLO books presented in PDF form are what makes this such an excellent value. The books are presented in their complete form, and would definitely cost more than this software package if you purchased the paper versions separately.
You've probably seen all the TV and magazine commercials for Rosetta Stone by now. They have been in the business for many years. And one of the reason for the company's longevity is that its core product, Rosetta Stone language teaching method and software, actually works. The core philosophy of Rosetta Stone's language teaching method is immersion. It does not start from alphabets, grammars, and sight reading. Instead, through its software user interface, the program immerses learner in the language with sounds and sights - the same way a baby would learn a new language. The latest version of the software also emphasizes on pronunciation, by deploying a very accurate voice recognition algorithm. In increasing levels, traditional teaching/learning methods do come in alongside its core teaching method. The program is very expensive, yes, but based on my opinion it does work well. I have personally used the Rosetta Stone French version and found it to be very effective. I have tried the American English version, which turns out exactly the same as the French version in term of images, animations, and syllabus. This is a good thing which allows Rosetta Stone to switch to another language learning with ease. I have given the review unit of English Rosetta Stone to a friend who is a English language learner. Awaiting his feedbacks and I shall update the review accordingly.
Learning a new language takes time and patience. The traditional classroom method for learning a foreign language works, but it may prove more time consuming and less effective than many would like. This is where Rosetta Stone can help. The Rosetta Stone method is far more interactive and the company has a proven track record of success, teaching millions how to speak a new language in less time than it takes in a classroom setting.English, as any foreign speaker will tell you, is not one of the easier languages to learn. Irregular verbs, varying pronunciations of vowels, and other unique qualities of the language present special challenges. Rosetta Stone helps the student of English overcome these problems through its live, spoken interaction. With any language, actual spoken conversation is critical to learning and this is especially true with English. Rosetta Stone includes, as part of the program, actual conversations with English speaking individuals to help facilitate the learning process.Rosetta Stone English helps students grasp the language more quickly through its speech recognition technology, live  lessons online, audio companion feature, vocabulary building lessons, and more.  Rosetta Stone emphasizes doing rather then simply memorizing. The goal is to get you, the student, engaged in active conversation as quickly as possible.Rosetta Stone English is very effective at helping students learn English quickly and effectively and thus it makes a good choice for those who need to learn the English language in relatively short time. This is why the Rosetta Stone system receives so many high recommendations from so many. However, there are a few limitations with Rosetta Stone English. For one, it doesn't include any of the traditional study materials often found in a traditional English language course.  I realize that the Rosetta Stone method is meant to be different, but it would still be helpful to include some old- fashioned textbooks or textbook- like materials, as a supplement. This would help students learn subject- verb relationships, idiom usage, and more- skills that are necessary for long term mastery of the English language.Learning a new language presents some challenges, but Rosetta Stone is ready to meet them head- on. This English course offers an effective means to speaking the English language quickly and while it is rather expensive, it makes a good choice for those who want to learn conversational English in the shortest time possible.
The Rosetta Stone English (American) Level 1-5 Set is a powerful resource for all that are looking to learn the English language.  In order to effectively learn anything, the process has to be enjoyable and thorough.  Even though I am a English-speaking individual, I found the product to be very rich in features, and HEAVY.Having a wide array of different options is the best way to learn a language.  From computer work (like this), to interacting with people on a daily basis, I feel that this is a great companion/main piece to becoming adept at speaking English, and RosettaStone has a long history of learning languages.**** RECOMMENDED
I tried this software out in several languages, and found the learning process to be very easy and intuitive.  I'd recommend it for learning a language, although it will never compare to living in a foreign country and speaking only that language.Pros:Rosetta stone's process is a lot better than traditional "current language word = foreign language word" learning processes, which rely on memorization and lead to internal translation from the foreign language to one's native language while speaking.  Rosetta stone converts foreign words straight to pictures and ideas, eliminating internal translation to one's native language.  There is plenty of repetition of previous words, but at no point does the process seem like rote recitation.The software is divided into "lessons" which introduce new words, and have several exercises including matching, pronouncing each part of the word, verbally filling in blanks with your new words, etc.  There is plenty to keep you interested and ensure that you learn new words and phrases.The voice recognition was decent, a simple training has the program hearing you correctly ~90% of the time, and an adjustable slider can reduce the pickiness the software has if you're having issues, although that also controls how strictly you want to be held to pronunciation.Cons of Rosetta Stone:-It's expensive-The approach in rosetta stone does not use conjugations or grammar rules, you just learn words and phrases.  Some maybe bothered by this.-Many other reviews note technical problems, I had no issues on my PC running windows XP.
I've been a bit late in reviewing this product because I had to spend the time necessary to get a good idea of the quality of it.  When I first received this language software program it was priced over 700 dollars.  I'm glad to see that it has come down significantly in price therefore more accessible to English learners.I speak English as my first language, but the beauty I found about this program is that it doesn't seem to matter what the learner's native language is.  Since it is audio/visual in it's delivery format, with no other language but English being spoken, it's similar to total immersion, but not quite.  Being totally immersed in the culture of the language you are learning is ideal, but that's not always practical.  And getting to practice your verbal language skills by using the included microphone is a good way to check your pronunciation when there is no native English speaker to help you. I found the microphone to be comfortable and the quality of the audio very good.The other reviewers have done an excellent job in describing in detail the mechanics of the program, so I think I will spare myself from that aspect since there is really nothing I can add.  I do however, believe that using any language software program alone with no other sources will leave out other important aspects of the language being learned.  I would definitely supplement this program with other less expensive programs, books, and there is a plethora of English language movies, songs, books, English speakers and other useful sources for language learning.  Using these in combination with the Rosetta English program should round out anyone's language acquisition.  I personally love taking language classes but I understand that is not feasible for many people.  Using a high-quality computer based language program is about the best many of us can do especially when we have such busy lifestyles. Even so, with this program you have access to a live English tutor for one-to-one language practice, games, and other language learners via the web.I think this is a very good program, but just like anything, if you want to get really good you really have to study and practice, practice and practice some more.
Although I am a native American English speaker I have a great interest in different methods of teaching the language to those that are new to it.  I spent over a decade working for a Japanese company, visiting the home office in Tokyo often and also traveling all over the world.  My oldest son actually decided to learn Japanese and received his degree in teaching ESL and worked for a language school in Chiba, Japan for a few years.  When I got the opportunity to review this product I was excited as I knew that I would be able to get his opinion on it as well as giving my own.Reviewing the entire five level set seemed daunting at first, but it was actually a lot of fun.  It was a little odd since I am a native speaker of the language that it was teaching, but I could see that I was well thought out.  The voice recognition was a little dicey; sometimes it worked and sometimes it didn't seem to.  I went through the entire 1st level and then spot-checked some of the others.  I was surprised at how quickly it moved along (the level 5 lessons were quite advanced.)My son took a look at it and was impressed and he thought that it would make a great introduction or supplement to conventional classes.  However, he felt that although it was appropriate for those who planned on visiting an English speaking country he didn't think that it would prepare someone who wanted to live and conduct business in one.  His opinion was that Rosetta Stone is wonderful for increasing someone's English vocabulary, but it doesn't really teach the rules and nuances of the language.Finally, I loaned it to a friend of a friend who is a native Spanish speaker and only speaks marginal English.  She loved it so much that when she finally gave it back she purchased her own set that very day.  I would love to get a chance to get a Rosetta Stone program in the languages that I have interest in (Spanish and Japanese) and would certainly recommend this one to anyone wanting to learn conversational English with the caveat that additional instruction is necessary if they wish to become proficient.
I was helping my boyfriend's grandmother refresh her knowledge of English with this program.  I have used the Spanish version and I found I retained a lot of the information by using Rosetta Stone.  I can recall the names for items easily.  The only problem with the set is that the headphones are cheap.  Even when simple words or phrases are said right, the headphone mic won't register it.  You end up saying the same word over and over again, even simple words like Cat.  So, I wish I had a better headset to use with this program.
Being that I have a french heritage but don't live there I decided it was about time that I learned a little more of the language so that I can actually speak to certain family members more easily vs them having to muddle through trying to speak english and me not understanding what they are trying to say... LOL.So I got this and installed it and tried it out. One key thing that you need to remember is that unless you actually sit there and speak the words then it's not going to do you nearly as much good as it could. Participate in it fully and you'll get much farther than you think you would.Now there are a lot of different language learning softwares on the market but rosetta stone seems to be a very well respected one and from what I've experienced they kind of deserve the respect. Would I like it somethings were different...? Of course, I would like the world to bend to my will... LOL. But none the less it's a great bit of software, well more like a lot of software.Some Pros:Unlike a lot of generic software RS makes it a point to associate words with concepts and ideas while other programs just give you a translation, this helps with the learning process greatly.Vocabulary, without a big vocabulary it's going to be hard to understand what's being said and how to respond. RS teaches you a large variety or words to help with understanding.Cons:I really disliked the lack of language structure given in terms of grammatical uses of the words for spoken language, as in how to speak properly. In this beginners level it seems to concentrate mainly on just teaching you the words instead of giving you a combination of words and how to implement them properly. Granted this is Level 1 but it would have been much nicer if there was a lot more sentence structure given versus just the vocabulary and small hints at structure.All in all it's helpful as I can now make out what my relatives are now saying when I speak to them on skype or other means, which is great but I still have a lot to learn to really speak the language.My other issue with the software is the price.... I find it pretty over priced for what you get in just one level of the software. I haven't tried a whole lot of the other systems out there but I do know a few who have and those who have have all commented that this software is overpriced for what you get compared to other systems out there. Overall, I don't know that I would spend the asking price on this software for what you get with it...Good luck to those that are trying to expand their horizons and learn more languages, I wish you all success.
The first question was which computers to install this program - Rosetta Stone has a two seat minimum. I ended up putting the 2nd installation on a laptop, expecting to use the program in other locations.  However, Rosetta Stone's immersion method feels too intensive to me for use in most places away from home.  Installation was easy enough even though the program got stuck a couple of times along the way. The gear, headset with microphone, is sufficient.Pros:* For total immersion-type instruction without the benefit of communicating with other people, this seemed very good.* The voice recognition software is impressive. I was able to immediately begin speaking and progressed to the second level of difficulty fairly quickly. There are plenty of exercises and repetition, and this will surely help in many ways including pronunciation.* There are learning sessions in this software to allow speaking with native French speakers.*For me as an individual, this is a better way to learn than a formal classroom.Cons:* The limitation in the number of seats (2). This wasn't a problem for me yet it's something to know about.* Lack of matching supplemental physical material such as index cards with conjugations and grammatical rules. I feel the need for this and can source it out separately, but again I prefer to learn outside a formal classroom.* Lack of simple visuals to help with identifying grammatical patterns.
La Femme Boit...... I think that means the girl drinks. Learned that in the first 5 minutes. :)Ok, overall the program is good. This was my first experience with Rosetta Stone software and I like it. They really did one heck of a job making learning fun and easy. I highly recommend the software if you want to learn a second language, it looks like it is a good product. I would definitely try other languages after seeing just how easy it is to use this stuff.What didn't I like?For starters the headphones and microphone that came with it are NOT quality, they are not comfortable and my ears got really hot. It was like wearing styrofoam balls over my ear[...]. Sure wish they headphones were at least padded better. The microphone seemed to work well, my only gripe here is the comfort of wearing it. And if you follow this program you will wear it a lot!Second, it took nearly 30 minutes for me to install the software. I understand software piracy but between the lengthy install process, having to scratch off a 28 digit code from a little plastic card and manually enter that and the several updates I had to download it was a bit dull. I sure would have like a faster, easier program to install. So don't think you can just pop this in and you are good to go, you need to first install the application, then install the language pack, then update it (if updates are available) then you need to scratch off the secret code and activate the product, then you have to setup your user profile and THEN you can finally get started.Overall the product is good, I give it 4 stars out of 5 because the software is really the key here. The headset is low quality and that takes away from the experience. I would almost they NOT provide a headset then provide the one they did. And second the install was lengthy. I got the french lesson, I don't want to have to install the application and then a language pack. The software should be smart enough to install both the app and language pack together to make the process even easier.And yes, I am a software developer so when I review software I look at it from a complete implementation standpoint. Software is only as good as the installer.
First off, I need to mention that I received this product via the Amazon Vine program for use and review, and I would like to say that this is a very nice, natural and easy way to learn French.  Very enjoyable.Through the use of "Dynamic Immersion" or, by viewing images of places and situations and through repetition from audio prompts, I am able to quickly learn basic French in just a very short session.  I like the speech recognition and the fact that I can use live interactive sessions with native tutors.I have had training in Spanish in the past via the "old school" method of conjugating verbs, tenses, etc., but with the Rosetta Stone method of training, I have experienced a fresh, new and different way to learn a new language ... it's actually fun!This software is a bit pricey, but if you want to learn French using a natural, simplistic, easy and intuitive way ... then this just might be the program you are looking for ... Recommended.
I took one semester of French in college so I could read French poetry and literature for my BA and MFA classes.  I learned enough to figure out words in reading, but didn't excel much at the oral part.  I tried this item out for that.  The other one I had for review was the Spanish one.  I gave it one star less than this, though it is pretty much the same program.  I learned more with this kit than the Spanish one, since I took four years of Spanish in high school and retain a lot of it still.  I am still not sure about how to find how much the online lessons are once my trial period of three months that you get free with the kit is over. It is hard to find on the website.  I like the games and layout of the Rosetta Stone program and I am a visual learner and this helps me with the oral part as well.  I like to see as I speak, which is hard to do with audio programs.  This has audio CDs for the car, video games for my computer and online help once I get my French up to speed.  My only complaint about this program is that you can only install in on one computer, so I have one of these on my laptop and the Spanish one on my home computer, since it takes up a good chunk of memory.  I would like the option to put these on any new computers I buy years from now, but RS has a very limited use.  It's like buying a course.  If you have a computer you will use for 5-6 years, it is really worth it.  If you work at home in a field where you need to upgrade your computer more often, you might be disappointed that you can't put it on your new computer.  I wish RS would allow at least this to be installed on two computer, in case the computer you are using fails.This is like taking one semester of French, beginner level, in high school or college.  I learned about the same thing I did in the French course in college and it is less money to do it this way.I think if you are a visual learner, you will like this product.  There is a lot of debate that kids learn better this way, but I think adults can too.  Mind you, that this teaches you very basic French and not beyond present tense really.  Just like a college course.  I like that I can see the words and tend to repeat them better when I see a picture at the same time.  Or maybe I am just a child at heart!Note: I have been using this and another Rosetta Stone for several weeks now and the headset that comes with it has a microphone that isn't so good. Or maybe with use had become not so good. Both my boyfriend and I have trouble getting the microphone to register words we say, even if we say it correctly. For example, even simple Spanish words like Si and Hola get a negative signal even though I am saying it perfectly. I continue at the same volume about 5 times and then, it finally takes it. I wonder if it will become frustrating on high levels where you have to repeat back longer sentences. My Mac doesn't have an external mic, so I have no option but to use the headset and take it off to speak as loud as I can into the microphone. It doesn't seem to matter if I do their "1,2,3,4,5" test at regular voice, louder or softer. After having to repeat one word twenty times before they accept it, even though I know I am doing it right, tires me out!
When I installed this software I immediately learned that this software is for Windows Vista, Windows XP and Windows 2000.  My computer now has Windows 7.  I could not access the written exercises and am judging this product strictly by the audio.This product is strictly for the serious language learner.  Anyone with prior knowledge of some French will find this audio-immersion technique very useful.  But Rosetta Stone should not be used for those who just want to learn a few survival phrases.  For that, there are plenty of cheaper language courses such as Berlitz that focus on memorzing phrases without understanding grammar.  This program is for those who want a solid apprehension of basic grammar, vocabulary and pronunciation courses.That being said, this is a course that requires dedication and determination.  You aren't going to get fluent in French in just a few weeks.  This lesson requires repeated lessons and on-line exercises to gain true fluency.  Cumulative exercises utilize grammar and words from earlier lessons.This is predominantly an audio-learning style that one could play in the car on long drives IF YOU KNOW THE GRAMMAR.  Pronunciation exercises are first introduced at normal speed, then repeated at a slower speed and eventually spoken word-for-word.  The learner must be dedicated enough to repeat the lessons out loud to grasp the lesson.  And this is where many people give up.  They want the faster printed lessons.I have prior knowledge of French so these lessons are more of a review for me.  What I really need is the more advanced software for level 5 speakers.  The grammar introduced here is equivalent to one year's college French.  The price one pays for this product is cheaper than tuition for a year's worth of language courses.  If you look at it this way, this is a good bargain as one can learn at one's own pace.
I sympathize with the negative reviews, as a former homeschooling mother of four (and if there were black stars for preposterous copyright situations, this would be one). It simply isn't practical to spend this kind of money and jump  through hoops to access a language course on ONE computer for multiple family members, never mind multiple computers, multiple fees, and separate data files.Having said that, Rosetta Stone continues to produce an outstanding product for the home learner. Their system is time-tested, slick, and geared toward the mature or maturing learner. I have always found immersion a good way to learn language(s); indeed, I first learned French when I lived in northern Spain, and wanted to converse with local teens. College formalized my French, and Rosetta Stone allowed me to refresh a language that had become rusty with disuse.If you can live with the limitations, Rosetta Stone has many strengths that allow the learner to make steady progress toward proficiency in a new or forgotten language.  Using its structure, lesson plans, and visual cues allow you to gain proficiency in a second or third Rosetta Stone course faster than you might imagine, too.
I have only studied two other languages:  Spanish and Mandarin Chinese.  I actually got pretty good at both so I think I have a knack for languages.  But I have never studied French, and was totally ignorant of the language before starting this program.  I must say though, that I have learned it at a faster rate than I expected.  I'm no where near fluent, but can actually speak a little French though I'm still in the first level.But honestly, if I was going to pay $479.00 for language software I think I would just sign up for a real college class course instead.  The reason is because I lack self-motivation and cannot discipline myself to study at on a regular schedule.  This is of course, NOT the fault of the software, but it is something to consider if you are thinking about buying this.  However, once I get started using it I find it hard to quit.  It's fun and I like using it.  It does seem like a good way to learn a foreign language because it's sort of like you're a baby and learning your native language by hearing it and seeing pictures.  Not exactly the same of course, but similar.  But still, my favorite way to study anything is the classroom environment because I'm a social animal and I also like being able to ask questions directly to a teacher.  But I understand that going to a language class is impossible for a lot of people and that's the appeal of language software programs.  You can study on your own time and where you want too, provided you take the computer you have the program installed on with you.  I need to be tested and have college grades to shoot for.  I'm highly motivated to study knowing that I have a test coming up.The only thing besides the price that bothers me is that I didn't know that you can only install this on just one computer.  I don't dare uninstall it lest I can't reinstall it later.  I know you can call customer support and get the license transferred, but it's just a hassle.  I think it should be clearly stated on the box that you only get one license for one computer.  That's kind of an important thing to know if you're spending some serious money on a software program.  So I deduct a star for that.I haven't yet tried the online community where you are able to talk with a tutor so I can't say anything about that.  I like the voice recognition ability of this program.  I tested it out by first speaking in my best French accent, and then saying the same words but very sloppily.  It called me on the bad speech.  The included headphones/microphone work well and are comfortable to wear.I installed all 3 levels on my computer and was surprised that the entire program only takes up 9.85MB.  I have an old Windows XP so it took about 45 minutes to load the entire program.  I'll keep using this program and updating this review as I move forward through it.  But so far, I think it's very good though pricey, and I could not afford it personally.  It can be loaded on the following computer systems:Windows XP SP3 or higherWindows Vista SP2 or higherWindows 7 or higherMac OS X Tiger 10.4.11 or higherMac OS X Leopard 10.5.8 or higherMac OS X Snow Leopard 10.6.2 or higherMust be 13 or over to use this program.  Why, I don't know.
Having had some experience with previous Rosetta Stone lessons, I can say with certainty that the "TOTALe" program is a step-up in quality and value. The biggest change you'll find is that you now get live online lessons with a native speaker included in the program. You cannot speak English at all during the lessons, so if you're just starting out in the learning process it might be a bit awkward or frustrating. Eventually, however, things should run smoother and the benefits of working directly with a native speaker are numerous. I've participated in several lessons and from my experience the native speakers are very patient and helpful as needed. There are also online games you can play with others learning the language. When I first started with the program there weren't many people online to play with, but since then I've seen a steady increase in online participants. The games are for the most part enjoyable and educational.Other than that, the core program is very similar to the "version 3" Rosetta Stone lessons that most are familiar with. If you have an extremely difficult time getting directly immersed in a new language, then Rosetta Stone is simply not for you. If, however, you are looking for the most multi-faceted, in-depth immersion experience possible, Rosetta Stone's TOTALe is exactly what you're looking for.
I really did mean to learn French using this and the brute fact is that there is no shortcut to learning a language. It takes hard work and a lot of diligence and despite all the neat bells and whistles, this program hasn't made it any easier for me to get the language under my belt. That said, I'm pretty confident that if someone were really to apply themselves to learning French using this program they could. The problem did help me learning to read French prose, but I have a bit of a disorder that keeps me from understanding spoken language. English doesn't count because I learned that from childhood, but even with English I don't understand words that are spelled out loud. This wasn't my first failure to try to learn - and fail at - French. Those who lack my learning disability will probably do a lot better with this than I can.The one practical thing that I can add is that the program, like so many today, tends to be a real drain on a laptop. It would be fine on a desktop, but loading it onto a laptop takes patience.I do still hope to learn French, at least to gain a reading comprehension. And this could well be the program that allows me to do it.
BRIEFLYRosetta is one of the very few 'do it yourself', computer-based methods that may be worth investing (a lot of) money into because it does show 'some' results. Since there isn't a lot of 'grammar' discussion, only real life phrases and conversation, there is always the danger of ending up with your personal 'creole' and it's not reasonable to expect Rosetta to reveal you the beauty of French high literature, philosophy or poetry but you should be able to listen to, let's say, Radio France International (highly recommended extracurricular activity) or read the more popular French Newspapers on the Web.LEARNINGWith the above in mind and with the understanding that, computer-based or not, learning a foreign language will ALWAYS be a significant investment of time and effort, this Rosetta makes learning the basics of conversational French without grammar books and a human tutor doable and sometimes fun.You see pictures showing activities or 'things', you hear the words and associated phrases, you say them yourself while Rosetta listens and makes sure to let you know when you misspeak or mispronounce. It's fun. When you are away from your computer you can take your word lists and play them while driving or walking or exercising. In addition, the online component will allow you to talk to native French speakers or other students for 15 months since registration. Again, it's fun and it's motivating.EFFECTIVENESSI am quite fluent in French already and therefore can't say how much Rosetta improved my mastery. It certainly helped a little with the colloquial part but, and this is my subjective impression - if grammar or proper syntax are a concern, Rosetta's way is not the way.The marketing claims that 'foreign service' is using Rosetta. I don't doubt but, after going through 'Level 5' I would not consider myself 'foreign service grade' in French. It's possible that that they go through Rosetta's 5 levels in the first 3 months as an intro and then follow it with some serious grammar, reading and cultural immersion.As a Rosetta Level 5 graduate you should be able to find your way in a French-speaking country, read the newspapers and listen to the news and the weather report on the radio, maybe order in a restaurant.LICENSINGIt's also expensive so, unless you really, really know that you are going to do it, don't. The publishers of Rosetta are very protective of their property. However you ARE entitled to install Rosetta on as many computers as you wish for as long as you do it at home and run it on ONE computer at any given time.// This License does not allow the Software to be executed or made available, directly or indirectly, over any network or on more than one computer at a time //The license does grant all members of your household to use the software but only ONE learner may take advantage of the online, interactive activities.However, once you buy Rosetta, don't expect that you can EVER resell it as 'used' or even lend it. Again, from Rosetta's end-user license agreement:// TRANSFER: Licensee may not, and may not permit others to, directly or indirectly sell, rent, lease, loan, timeshare, or sublicense the  Rosetta Stone Product.//RATINGAs a 'learn some French in a hurry' method, Rosetta is good. While aware of its limitations I like it, therefore 4 stars. The licensing policies, on the other hand are a little too restrictive. I have a 'review' copy and didn't have to pay for it but, I'm not sure I would have invested a large sum of my money on a product I can't resell it if it doesn't work for me. It's 3 stars for 'licensing'.It's therefore a 4-star - it CAN be a good learning tool but... it's also a gamble because, if it doesn't click with you, you can't recover any of your investment.-->> Brush your teeth, it's the law! &lt;&lt;
I've tried several different language learning products, and the Rosetta Stone is by far the best.  In fact, I've had more success learning languages from Rosetta than I have taking college level language classes.  The Rosetta process makes it easy to associate language with things.  Rather than translate from one language to another, you learn to think in the target language.  It is a more natural way to learn a language, and Rosetta has mastered it.  That being said, this new language learning kit doesn't bring much new to the table.  The lessons are basically the same lessons I used a few years ago. I love this product, but it is almost $700 for this kit. It does offer access to an online community where you can practice your skills, but beyond that, I'm not sure it is worth the extra cost.
Over ten years ago I purchased Rosetta Stone Spanish (levels 1 and 2)for my son.  I thought it was the best language program available then--and I still feel that way.Over the years I have been interested in the newer versions--but unfortunately there is no "up-grade" price available for one version to the next.  Therefore, I was excited to get an opportunity to review the latest version (just wish it had been Spanish).I did have trouble installing this product . . . and it still isn't fully installed.  That is the reason for the four stars instead of five.1. I first tried installing it on my computer (Windows XP) since I was concerned it might conflict with the earlier Spanish language version that is installed on my son's computer.  I was able to install the application software but I was unable to install any of the language levels.2. I contacted their support and I spent over an hour with them . . . but they were unable to get it installed as well.  It was actually an interesting session as they were able to "control" my computer through the internet and all I had to do was install the varies disks when they prompted me.3. I then tried installing it on my son's computer which also runs Windows XP.  Rosetta technical support assured me it would not conflict with the much earlier Spanish version.4. I was able to install both the application disk and the first French language level successfully.  However, I was unable to successfully install the second or third levels, and after that I didn't even try levels 4 and 5. I'll need to contact them again.I haven't had the opportunity to visit the online component of this program so I can't comment on that at this time.  It looks very interesting.  I'm not that interested in the online games (although a younger person may be), but I believe the opportunity to interact with native speakers will be extremely beneficial once I get the nerve to try it!The non-online component is very similar to the Spanish (Version 1) program I have so at least I now know that upgrading the Spanish program would not be a wise use of my money.This is a good program.  If you are interested in learning a foreign language I highly recommend Rosetta Stone.  While it is an expensive program (for all the levels) the price is close to what you would pay at a Community College or 4-year college for one semester of a language.  I believe you will learn a lot more with this program than you would in a 16 week course.This version also came with a serious of CDs that you can listen to on any CD player.  This is a nice feature!
In the 70's I took two years of French in high school.  Since that time, I'd completely become brain-dead when it came to any language other than English - I forgot almost everything I had learned since it was so long ago and I had no reason to speak French since then.So I was very excited to receive this software.  I've heard good things about Rosetta Stone and most of it is true, it's a fun way to learn a new language and the way it's presented keeps you interested.  I think the immersion method of learning is better than the textbook method from school.  It's more visual and appealing.  Of course, there are also the cons.  For instance, I want to know WHY certain things are said in that way, and this isn't going to help you with conjugation of verbs, etc.The headset/mic is of good quality with no noise or static.  I won't be installing the audio CD's anywhere since my MP3 player is strictly for music, so I can't comment on that.  I do plan on listening to them in my car to/from work.I am running Vista with the latest service pack, on a Windows-based desktop PC and I had no issues with installation.  Just make sure whatever computer you install this on, it will be it - forget trying a multiple install, that won't work. I don't know why Rosetta has to be so picky over this.  Most homes now have at least 2 computers - even MS Office will let you install on more than one of your own PC's.  Purchasing this is a big financial investment, what would it hurt to be able to install on both your laptop and desktop?  #1 reason, I think they are greedy.  At least they do let you have multiple users, but only on one PC.My complaints aside for now, if I can only get that French accent down pat (I didn't get it right in high school either) I will be happy. I'm still on Level 1, but I am thoroughly enjoying this method of learning.  What I forgot over the years since high school is quickly coming back to me.  At this time I feel too intimidated to venture into Rosetta World (online games and forums), but I plan on exploring that at a later date, and I will update my review accordingly at that time.  Five levels of learning a new language can't be accomplished in a few weeks, this will take several months.What I don't care for is the licensing agreement.  For the substantial amount of money you spend on this, you should own the entire software yourself, not as a license to use from Rosetta.  I also think the new features of the TOTALe should be for the lifetime of the program being installed on the one computer since it's so expensive. (For this set Levels 1-5 you get 15 months, for single levels, you get 3 months before you have to pay an additional subscription fee). I've also heard that technical support is almost non-existent especially if the computer you have this installed on crashes and it needs to be reinstalled on a new one. A co-worker of mine had this problem and it took many phone calls to customer service to get the problem resolved to his satisfaction.So before you crack the seal or scratch off the activation card, make sure you know exactly where you want to install it, because it's yours then.  Kind of.
This is a typical Rosetta Stone product:  good quality teaching, good materials.  However, it is a better value to buy the entire Rosetta Stone set (levels 1-4) if you are at all interested in learning Italian.
As a homeschooling mother who discusses with other home educating parents how to teach certain subjects, foreign language is one of the trickier topics to deal with; Rosetta Stone (RS) has been at the top of the list of foreign language instruction software since for so long it and it has been known as being the best software option on the market.Homeschooling parents typically have three options for teaching foreign language: 1) if they are a fluent speaker they can teach it directly, often using a textbook curriculum for the structure; 2) use computer software like RS for child-led learning; or 3) take an online class supported by a teacher.A major downside is RS lacks a strong grammar component; its strength is getting a person to have oral fluency. I am hearing stories from other homeschoolers who have used RS for multiple years and who were happy with RS, that they are too lacking in grammar to perform well on the SAT II test (the SAT subject test is now required by some colleges for admission), so they are suddenly unhappy with RS but it's too late to do anything about it. I want to learn from those people's mistakes! If you desire a stronger grammar component, before buying RS you should look into a newer productFluenz Italian 1 with supplemental Audio CD and Podcastswhich seems just like RS but with more grammar (and is similarly priced).Also if you are a homeschooling parent you should know there is a "RSFluenz Italian 1+2 with supplemental Audio CDs and Podcastshomeschool package" (see the RS website for info), which may be better than this `standard' product for your homeschool.--RS was easy to install, we had no problem getting it started on our Windows PC. There was some confusion over activating the online account, which is free for 90 days only, which we wound up not using anyway, as the base lessons were enough. We misunderstood the directions and thought we HAD to register online to start using it, but that doesn't seem to be correct.To test RS I used it, as did both of my homeschooled kids (aged 10 and 13). The only system glitch we have sometimes was the headset would not activate sometimes, when switching between users who attempt to use RS right after someone else used it. The fix that works is rebooting the PC.The program prompts the user to speak into the headset and it checks the accuracy. One of my kids (a newbie to learning foreign language) seems to have a problem and he blames the headset or the program for hearing him wrong but in RS's defense when I listen to the sample and then what my son is saying I detect a minor intonation error on my son's part or the emphasis part of the word is not being emphasized strongly enough, so the problem is my SON not the system. My other son has this problem once in a while only. I have not experienced this myself as after years of taking French in public school and college I have trained my ear to listen very carefully and also keep telling myself to not use Standard English speaking patterns (my son keeps overriding the Italian and inserting a more English language sound). I keep emphasizing to my sons to watch the voice recognition graph so they can see where there is a problem (it's a pretty cool feature). I mention this as perhaps other users may have this issue and might think the voice recognition software is faulty when really it is the user!This product is marketed to adults not just children. As an adult learner who formerly learned in a very different way this RS method of learning felt odd to me. I wanted to see things written out that I could look at (I'm a strong visual-text learner). Don't laugh but it took me a while to figure out what I was saying, not realizing for example that in Italian there is a pronoun for multiple females as "they". It was a bit odd to jump right in learning multiple pronouns that we don't use in English and also to use the verb conjugations without seeing anything in writing to explain it. I was having memory flashbacks of my school's French textbook that had the nice list of conjugations so I could read it written out while I was reciting it orally to help cement it in my mind. This way of learning the pronoun and verb when looking at just a color photo of the scene being referenced is so different for me, however it appeals to people who have a stronger sense of visual-image learning or for auditory learners. I still feel I need some kind of rule list to see in front of me, I found it hard to both learn the content and think to try to figure out the rules myself right in the middle of the lessons. For example, there is no direct teaching of which noun is feminine versus masculine and how that affects both the ending of the noun and the choice of verb to use with it. I had to figure out that `a' at the end is typically feminine and that `o' is typically masculine. I only knew about the existence of gender differences for non-living things from my former French classes; to my English speaking kids this is all new and is being taught without a basic, direct explanation. The RS method goes all the way back to how babies and toddlers learn to speak a native language and teaches it that way. (I think I will look for a supplemental book to supply this information.)My kids are flying through the lessons and really love it. To them it doesn't feel like work, they find it fun. As the program goes on there is more of a written component using the keyboard to type in material.The system is easy to use and I like the way it keeps a score and how you can't progress past certain points without getting a certain high score. It is easy to navigate through the menu in order to re-do selected lessons.We have been using Rosetta Stone Italian I for about two months and enjoy it. As a homeschooling family, if we were to purchase Rosetta Stone new I'd purchase the homeschool package not the standard package. I also would seriously consider usingFluenz Italian 1 with supplemental Audio CD and Podcastsinstead of Rosetta Stone for a stronger grammar element, but I've not been able to see Fluenz in real life yet (there are online video samples to view on Amazon.com though).  I'm sorry that I can't do a comparison between the two.
Overall I've always wanted to learn Italian and tried using the Pimsleur format series (which are recorded lessons), which is very good but as it doesn't give you active feedback you aren't sure where you stand.  In particular this is the case with pronunciation, as it's difficult to ensure you're saying things properly.  The Rosetta stone format helps immensely with this is as it provides active feedback with its microphone and headset.  I found this an important aspect because it keeps me motivated to continue practicing day in and out AND I'm ensured my practicing is proper.  Without active feedback, it's like learning to play a musical instrument without having anyone listen to you play - you may THINK you're playing well but really, you aren't, so the first time you try to perform, you'll get a lot of strange looks.  No different here.Downsides?  Need some fairly decent computing power to get this running.  I wouldn't touch it on anything less than a modern dual core.The level 1 is far too basic for anyone to just stop there.  One needs to continue onwards to at least level 5 to gain any noticeable appreciation in skills.  I know most will shy away from the higher levels because they cost so much.  It's hard for most people to push the button for a $400 software package these days.  Then again, you need to compare to getting professional lessons which will definitely cost you more.  Overall, like anything else, you need to be serious that you want to learn.
Rosetta Stone Italiano Level 1Rosetta Stone Italiano Level 1 is easy to install and use. The included instructions are simple and straightforward. Activation required 2 tries, but it appears the code is only valid for 3 months so I suspect online access may be terminated after 3 months but the software should still continue to work.The pace starts off slow, but within the early portion of Unit 1, the vocabulary starts to pick up rather quickly. Since I am not a language expert, I had a hard time keeping up initially because different tenses of words, or the plural, were thrown in. Rosetta Stone relies on photographs to help you out, which is quite useful but I could not get a good grasp of the language to actually use it in normal speech. Once you start getting used to the phrases, the software begins to kick it up by throwing in more words. Unfortunately, like other users, the phrases are too simple for use in everyday conversation.The Level 1 kit includes a USB headset with a microphone to allow you to speak the phrases using the built-in speech recognition. This helps with pronunciation, although I found that it will disable my main audio and I have to switch back and forth. This isn't a big deal for most people, and there's no easy workaround.The box advertises that many Government agencies use Rosetta Stone, like the US Army and State Department. There certainly is value in the Rosetta Stone software helping Soldiers or agents learn a foreign language in the shortest time possible, but I felt it should focus on more useful phrases. 45 minutes of repeating various forms of "Boys eating", or "girls running" are not phrases that have much tactical value when you're visiting or operating in a different country.Overall: 4/5 stars
I've had the opportunity to review several Rosetta Stone language software programs and have found them all to be quite good.  They all seem to follow the same basic structure which I find to be very helpful in acquiring language skills, and in this case, the basics of Italian language.  I've always wanted to know more about the Italian language but am not motivated to try and become fluent.  Level One for me, is just right.  However, if you are wanting to learn Italian in depth please don't just purchase Level One since it only takes you through some basic elementary language skills.No English is spoken, only Italian and I'm given a lot of visual selections from which to choose the action that represents what I'm hearing in Italian.  I seem to do fairly well having both audio AND a visual component to learning a new language.  Also, I like being able to speak my new Italian words into the included microphone and have the program correct my speech mistakes.  I haven't tried the 3 month on-line service where you can speak with a native speaker (tutor), maybe I would if I were trying to learn the language on a deeper level, but for me I'm happy with just the program itself.  After the 3 months are over you have to pay a fee and I don't like paying fees.I feel fairly confident that anyone who applies themselves regularly to any Rosetta Stone language program will learn a lot of the language being studied.  I find it to be a very natural way to learn a language.  Of course it would be best to be totally immersed in the Italian culture to learn it, but for those of us who don't have that option I think Rosetta Stone does a good job as a cultural immersion substitute.
I wanted a refresher course in Italian so I ordered this Rosetta Stone Italiano - Level 1.  This package is certainly unlike any other language learning program I have run across and even with brief usage, has yielded great results.  Although I have no major complaints with the program itself, the price factor did influence my rating.If you have issues with installing the software, I would check to make sure your pc has the latest version of software installed.  For example, Windows XP requires Service Pack 3 for this language software to work properly and Vista needs SP2.  It is easy enough to download the latest service pack with Windows but I hear mac users have more problems.  If you have an older pc, you really need to check the hardware requirements.  Also note that you must have broadband service to access all the features.The box includes a quick start booklet, installation cds, software cds, headset, user agreement booklet, keyboard stickers to convert for Italian usage and online services.  The quick start guide is important to read first and provides support online or by telephone (called about getting it onto my iPhone and received US based help without going through a phone maze).  The software installed easily on Windows 7 as did the included headset via usb port.  The global end user license agreement booklet was printed in microscopic print so I have my fingers crossed it is the usual stuff since I could not find a magnifying glass to read it. The stickers to place over the keyboard to convert it for Italian usage might prove problematic.  I had an extra keyboard that I placed the stickers on and could switch to when using this software.  I don't know if you would want this on your keyboard all the time and peeling it on and off does not seem ideal.  I think you could get away without using the stickers.This software helps with pronunciation (the headset has a microphone), builds vocabulary and phrases, and teaches simple conversation.  The software has 4 lessons in each unit covering: basics (unit 1), greetings and introduction (unit 2), work and school (unit 3) and shopping (unit 4).  Rosetta Stone advertises a learning application for your iPhone or iPod Touch but an account with Rosetta Stone's online services is required. Although the box states it includes free online features, they are free for three months only.  There is a $25 monthly fee  or a $149 fee for 15 months for online services after the trial period.  The 3 month trial starts the moment you activate your online account and you must be at least 13 to create an account.  I strongly suggest you use the software only and then use the online services to get the most out of this software.  The online services are great and allow you to access online tutors, games, and an online community to practice your Italian.  I really liked the options provided online but wished I had activated the free trial after I had gone through the lessons to get more out of it.  It's hard to converse or play simple games when you are just starting to learn Italian.Overall, this is a great tool to learn Italian if you can afford the hefty price tag.  For the same price you might be able to audit an Italian course at a local school but this software is more convenient and provides more personalized service.  Using this language software in tandem with its online services is almost as good as a private tutor at a lower cost.  I don't think I will continue with the online services given this is just a hobby for me but if you urgently needed to learn Italian, this would be worth the price.  I consider having friendly customer service available by phone a big plus.
I really liked this software for learning basic Italian, nothing too fancy for me, and it was fun to use.  I liked the easy to navigate interface and the variety of learning tools included.  For someone who wants to learn a basic level of the Italian language, and can afford this software, this would be a possibility for you.  I recommend.
I like the immersion method, especially for languages than are in the same group as English. The progression is fun and in my opinion enjoyable. One thing though that I'm noticing is that there could be more tailering to the specific language across the product line as to content. There is also a lot of online content with Version 4 now that I'm really not into and comes with a free trial initially. I'd rather have more in the basic product itself but I think most people would like the online interactive material.I am still a fan of the teaching method but the DRM has just become even more bothersome and clunky than before. I didn't have any trouble with the initial install, the trouble is with reinstalling.If you're the kind of person that never has a problem with the computer that requires a reinstall, never reformats a hard drive for maintenance or other problems, then the copyright protections might not be an issue for you. However, I find them bothersome even when following the deactivation instruction and it has required several layers of contact with customer service each time-- even in pocession of deactivation code screen shots. Issues -were- eventually resolved.Hey, it's still pretty good software but I would want to know about convoluted DRM process before plunking down the hefty ticket price. So there.
This is not our first Rosetta Stone Language program. I possess the Mandarin version and last year purchased the Spanish. One of the great features about Rosetta Stone is that you only have to install the program itself once and you can later just add different languages instead of having more than one program running. Even though the Italian Totale is the newest version out in the market, it is still compatible with the older versions of Rosetta Stone.  The one big difference I could tell was the interface (selection) menu.  The screen is much smaller.  There are more icons and choices since the Totale offers more online features.We are planning a Mediterranean vacation in a couple years and one of the stops is Italy. I am a little worried that learning the Italian language can cause confusion since it has similarities to Spanish. I am fluent in Spanish so it will be easy for me to differentiate the two, but my daughter is taking Spanish in school, so it will be interesting to see how she does.Rosetta Stone is by far the easiest way to learn a new language. It uses real images instead of "cartoon-ish" pictures. Using real images/photographs I believe helps you retain a mental image of the words. You easily get involved in a lesson because it keeps your attention. The activities and games do not bore you. Speech is easily recognized and it will let you know when you are pronouncing it the correct way by using red and green button icons. I can honestly say that you do retain what you learn. Lets face it, trying to learn three different languages can be a challenge, but my daughter has been able to retain the information she has learned so far. On the other hand, I am currently only doing the Italian and I have not had any conflicts even though Spanish is my first language.I am not going to tell you that having the audio companions is the best thing in the world, because truthfully we do not use them. With three different language packages you can imagine how many audio companion CDs we have!Overall, Rosetta Stone is the best and easiest way to learn a new language. With given time and dedication, you can learn to speak and understand the most basics language necessities that allow you to communicate and go about your normal daily life while afar.WORD OF ADVICE - Make sure you install the program on a computer you plan on using for a long period of time. Each Rosetta Stone program only allows you to activate the activation code TWICE. I learned this the hard way. My computer crashed and I had to reinstall Windows and the program for a second time. Then a few days later my hard drive died after a power surge. After getting a new hard drive installed, I attempted to reinstall the program but I kept getting an error message that the activation code was invalid. I called Rosetta Stone and had to beg and plea for them to reactivate the code. They normally do this for a charge (cost of a user license), but I was able to email them a copy of my receipt/shipping invoice and they were nice enough to do for free. They did however reiterate that this was a one-time exception. I am under the understanding that you can have up to two computers running the program, but I worry that we might have some kind of power surge or a system crash and don't want to risk using the activation code for the limited allowance allowed. As quoted by Rosetta Stone: "Rosetta Stone software is licensed, not sold. A buyer purchases a license to install and use the program". In other words, you purchased the software to use but you do not own it.
This program is ideal for someone planning on traveling to Italy and who has two or three months to prepare for this trip.  It takes this long to learn effectively from this program and to have time to review and practice.I have some basic knowledge of French and Spanish, so for me learning the grammar was not too difficult.  The exercises start out very basic, with more than enough repetitions, and is built up from there.  Anyone determined to learn Italian will learn.The software itself is easy to set up, with a friendly interface.  However, it's not recommended to skip lessons here as each one builds on itself.The vocabulary is basic but you learn the common verbs in present, past and future tenses, enough to ask for and describe common situations a traveler would face in Italy:  how to get around, where to find the closest restaurant, what to order, and basic conversation about friends and family.  What you won't learn in this set are conditional and subjunctive cases common in Romance languages.Various native speakers' voices are heard throughout the exercises, from men and women to young and old.  New words are introduced slowly and repeatedly, then presented again at normal speech, as well as introduced in the grammar.  This way both audio and visual learners benefit.Supplemental audio tapes help the traveler review learned vocabulary while driving, or perhaps while listening to the tapes at home.  The focus is that the language learner must always use the new language and practice speaking it, something that Rosetta Stone is great at.The only downfall is that this expensive program is only permitted one download.  If your computer crashes and you have no back-up, you lose it all.  This prevents Rosetta Stone from earning five stars with me as I'm always on the go.  However, for a determined language learner I can't think of a more effective program than this one.  It's the price of a college course, but you set the time and pace to learn.
There are lots of substantive reviews of the Rosetta Stone software and language teaching approaches. With the cost of this package, you should read those reviews carefully. My experience with the package is short, just a week or so of working with the software, online component, and the headset included in the package. It seems like an excellent setup that is slightly undercut with a couple of substandard bits. Those bits are the very cheap and flimsy USB headset in the box (solvable for just a few dollars, but a nicer headset wouldn't have cost that much), and the software licensing which does allow for installation on two machines (say desktop and laptop) but do not allow you to pass the software on when you're done. Sure, that's standard software practice, but if you finish a language course in books and CDs you could pass it along to your (for example) cousin, or sell it. Not this package. You bought a license to use it only.Okay, so those are minor quibbles, but you should be aware of them coming in to this. It's a real expense, nearly five hundred dollars for this particular package.Updated: Spent another couple of sessions with it, and am quite impressed with the content of the lessons and a lot of the detail that went into them. Makes the cheap headset and licensing more noticeable even.
Rosetta Stone language software is unique that it teaches you several ways to learn a new language. You learn new words and sentences using several methods. You'll play, you'll speak, you'll listen, and repeat.Installation, for me, while not difficult, was a hassle. It takes a while to load the program, then you have to load the lessons - each 600 mb per level - three levels in all. (You don't have to load them all at one time).The set comes with a nice USB headphone set with a boom mic. (It's come in handy with other programs as well.) It also comes with audio CDs for each level to reinforce what has been learned.Cool way to learn a new language if you can afford the rather steep price tag.
After having worked with this set for a few months, I am beginning to understand how to form some basic sentences. I'm not a good reviewer as I have never spoken or read a language other than English, and have nothing else to compare this set to. But I am learning, and that's a solid recommendation coming from a complete novice.
Overall I've always wanted to learn Italian and tried using the Pimsleur format series (which are recorded lessons), which is very good but as it doesn't give you active feedback you aren't sure where you stand.  In particular this is the case with pronunciation, as it's difficult to ensure you're saying things properly.  The Rosetta stone format helps immensely with this is as it provides active feedback with its microphone and headset.  I found this an important aspect because it keeps me motivated to continue practicing day in and out AND I'm ensured my practicing is proper.  Without active feedback, it's like learning to play a musical instrument without having anyone listen to you play - you may THINK you're playing well but really, you aren't, so the first time you try to perform, you'll get a lot of strange looks.  No different here.Downsides?  Need some fairly decent computing power to get this running.  I wouldn't touch it on anything less than a modern dual core.This package includes all the way to level 5 so it does have everything you need to pick up the language at a useable rate.  However, the cost will likely shy prospective customers away.  Compare the cost to that of professional lessons/school.  I guarantee it will cost a lot more.
I have tried other language products, including Pimsleur and a lot of cheap software alternatives, and nothing matches Rosetta Stone. It is a fully comprehensive learning system that operates on the principle of full immersion. Instead of showing you the word dog and its Italian counterpart, it shows you a picture of a dog and the word "cane" underneath. This allows you to associate the Italian word with the actual thing it represents, rather than another word in English. This method of language learning has been proven many times over to be the most effective.All that being said, the system will not work for everyone. Some people are naturally better at learning languages than others. If someone struggles with languages, no software or CD system can replace in-class study and/or a tutor. The Rosetta Stone system is best used by people who have a history of learning languages with relative ease.The set includes an online, interactive community where you can practice your new language skills. This is a great feature.
I've tried many of these sets.  I learn the language and think I have forgotten it until I speak to a native speaker and then in comes back instinctually. My only gripe about the sets are that the headphones and mic don't work the greatest, but I got a good pair of headphones and now I don't have that problem.
My previous experience with Rosetta Stone involved boning upon on my basic high school and college French and Spanish. This new version for Latin American Spanish takes the basic Rosetta Stone formula and enhances the experience with even more interactive exercises which reinforce the basics of Spanish words, syntax, and pronunciation.This self-learning application makes language fun. You can take it at your own pace, perfect your pronunciation, and get the basics down quickly. The basic/beginners version may not make you proficiently conversational, but it should aid in basic conversation/communication. There is so much reinforcement that it is virtually impossible to not retain what you've learned. This is a great tool if you plan to travel in Latin America.
Rosetta stone is a big name-- and they do live upto their expectations. Good course in spanish for beginners. You can communicate in basic spanish while you are travelling. It is obviously not going to make you very fluent, but it's a good start. Very user friendly.
We use Rosetta Stone as part of our home school curriculum.  I can tell you from experience that our two young boys have shown excellent progress in just a few weeks.  The only real catch with buying this version is that the online learning piece is free for only the first three months.  After that you need to start shelling out even more cash.  We have decided that the mobile practicing isn't worth the extra money.  HOwever, if you a professional and need to learn  language quickly in a pinch, the extra cost may be worth it.  It is a great idea that you can always be learning, even on the road.The RS software itself is easy to use and setup.  It comes with a headset with microphone that you will need to use for the speech recognition element.  The software does a very good job of helping you pronounce words correctly, without being to overly strict.  Don't expect to be learning anything technical about the Spanish language.  The whole point is to learn based on copying and visual cues, much like we did as kids.  Its effective for learning to communicate in a language in a conversational manner, but not mastering it. Supplemental technical lessons at a local college may be required for that.
Having had some experience with previous Rosetta Stone lessons, I can say with certainty that the "TOTALe" program is a step-up in quality and value. The biggest change you'll find is that you now get live online lessons with a native speaker included in the program. I've only had two lessons so far, but in general they have been very helpful. You cannot speak English at all during the lessons, so if you're just starting out in the learning process it might be a bit awkward or frustrating. Eventually, however, things should run smoother and the benefits of working directly with a native speaker are numerous. There are also online games you can play with others learning the language. From my experience so far, there haven't been many people to play with, but it seems this is because the program is so new. The few games I have participated in have been enjoyable.Other than that, the core program is very similar to the "version 3" Rosetta Stone lessons I am familiar with. If you have an extremely difficult time getting directly immersed in a new language, then Rosetta Stone is simply not for you. If, however, you are looking for the most multi-faceted, in-depth immersion experience possible, Rosetta Stone's TOTALe is exactly what you're looking for.
I don't like to review products I haven't used completely, but I'm making an exception here.  Over two years ago, I plunged into Spanish with Rosetta Stone.  I applied myself diligently and felt I was making progress.  But career and work issues intervened, and I had to shelve my Spanish project.  Life has been too busy to pick it up again, even though I keep the software in hopes of resuming.But here's why I decided to write the review:  It's been a couple of years since I used the software, but I'm surprised how much I've retained.  Vocabulary and syntax are still almost intact from my earlier work.  I think this is a testament to the effectiveness of the program.  I can only imagine how nice it will be when I'm finally able to get back to it.  I should also report a good experience with customer support.  The provided headset was faulty.  I contacted the company and they immediately shipped me a new set with no questions asked.As I finish up this brief review, I find myself really eager to get back to Spanish.  If I can just shuffle a few things around...
I took 2 years of Spanish in high school and 2 years in college. For many of us those are painful memories of awkwardness and desperate prayers not to get called on and most of us still know very little to no conversational Spanish. Rosetta stone does not waste time on things you do not need to know if you are looking to speak, listen to, and read Spanish. The program, as is common knowledge, is picture based, and you learn as a child learns their first language. You listen, look, and repeat. You pick up rules as you go along, and you learn over time. Yes, this program is painfully boring if you try to do too much at once. If you need to learn Spanish in a few weeks because of travel, this is not the way to do it.It is expensive, but you are going to get more out of it than a local college course. Are you going to be ready to have a real conversation in Spanish after only 3 levels? What I have seen so far, my guess is, probably not. I know they go up to 5 levels, but the best way to learn Spanish is to start practicing having conversations in Spanish with Spanish speakers. To immerse yourself in the language. This is an expensive, but good tool to help you, with other tools, to learn the language.
Rosetta Stone says in a word it is all about immersion. You learn without translation. They call their program "dynamic immersion." It has 5 features:1) Intelligent sequencing for introduction of new concepts and lessons2) Actionable feedback (e.g. select the picture which matches a sentence)3) Natural discovery4) Speech recognition technology5) Native socialization: listening to native speakers and opportunities to converse with themThere are three components of this Rosetta Stone course:  Rosetta Course (interact with the computer program by typing and speaking), Rosetta Studio (live online tutoring environment), and Rosetta World (online community of learners with activities such as language games and conversations with native speakers). There are also 12 Audio Companion CD's that you can rip and use on your portable audio device. These audios reinforce what you learned in the interactive computer lessons. I didn't hear any English translations on the CD's.For Levels 1-3, access to the online activities expires after 9 months. (Note that if you purchase a different level, online access for Level 1 is 3 months, Levels 1-2 is 6 months, and Levels 1-5 is 15 months.) I called Rosetta Stone and was told that they were just setting up the renewal system and the cost of renewing Levels 1-3 was going to be around $49. The first component of the course, the interactive computer program, has no expiration. I was told that if you purchase a new computer in a few years that you can call Rosetta Stone and they will reauthorize the software on your new computer.Version 4 TOTALe includes several features that are not in the previous versions. There is both online and offline access. The online content includes  the Rosetta World games and Rosetta Studio conversation sessions. The interactive computer course can be run offline. All of this now runs from a single icon, a single computer application. And there is the TOTALe Mobile Companion which allows you to practice anywhere using your iPod Touch or iPhone.In the computer lessons (Rosetta Course), a speaker announces a phrase or sentence and you are shown a picture that correlates to that phrase or sentence. Then you hear the speaker announce another phrase or sentence and you are shown 4 pictures, and you must click on the picture that corresponds to that phrase or sentence. If you select the wrong picture, you get a big "X". If you select the correct picture, then you get a green check mark and the phrase then appears above the picture to help you associate that sentence with that picture. Later you'll have to select the correct word from a list to properly complete a phrase or sentence corresponding to a picture. As an example, you'll be shown a picture of a man who is jogging. The Spanish phrase at the top of the picture is "&Eacute;l corre." So then one has to infer the translation from the picture. Rosetta Stone states that "intuitively, you just know what it means." You can't click on the phrase or the picture to get a translation. So one might infer that this means he runs. But one might also think he is running, or he ran, or he is a runner, or he is jogging, etc. So you may not find all of the the rules of grammar here. Also, you'll see words like esta and est&aacute;, and I didn't see any way to get any help regarding rules pertaining to diacritics or accent marks and how they change the meanings of words.I showed the course to a native Spanish speaker who also took Spanish in college. His initial impression was that Rosetta Stone appears to be targeted more to someone who has some initial familiarity with Spanish. He also indicated in some cases that he would have have chosen a different verb than what was used by Rosetta Stone to convey the meaning in the picture.
I was very interested to see Rosetta Stone, having heard so much about it (the language lab near where I teach has the English set).  It is supposed to be compatible with Mac and PC both, so I first installed it on my MacBook Pro (OS Snow Leopard). An hour later...I still couldn't get it to work.So...I went to PC (Windows VIsta) and seemed to get farther in the install...only to have it unable to play. Very frustrating.So...back to the Mac. Uninstalled, reinstalled but refused the "online download. Went to the top right corner to "Add language" for each of teh 3 discs in the set. I did not need to enter the activation code three times, but I did need to be sure to "add language" each time. (On the PC all three activation codes showed up--on my Mac, I only saw one.  But it worked for all three).Once in....it took a while to figure out how to skip ahead (this is important if you know any Spanish because they early lessons "el hombre bebe; el mujer bebe" etc. get very boring, very quickly. By unit 3, the sentences were definitely more complex in vocabulary, grammar and sentence structur.Each section had vocabulary, grammar, pronunciation, listening, speaking and reading. I have not yet seen where you -produce- rather than just recognize and identify the correct language idea, but I hope it is there.There is a headset and microphone for you to practice with and RS lets you know if your prnunciation is correct.  Hopefully, the microphone will also be used to answer questions, or make other kinds of responses on one's own.There is a lot of information here, lots of vocabulary and many grammar lessons (and, yes, although the lessons are only "Spanish + pictures + sound the help feature and feature and explanations are in English.. If you work at it, I don't think you would become fluent from RS alone, but it would make it easier by far.  (I want to combine reading easy stories, watching soap operas and finding someone who knows Spanish to practice with. I think as part of a complete experience, RS would be excellent. I'll write more when I've finished the set--there are a LOT of lessons....
My first German teacher in college had a language learning philosophy somewhat like that of Rosetta Stone.  She NEVER spoke english, but she made sure to have plenty of visual aids and activities so that we never got lost.  After one semester I made extraordinary progress, so much that in my second semester German class, where the instructor simply led us through an ordinary textbook and had no objection to telling stories in English about the wonderful times he'd had in Germany, I was totally bored and learned next to nothing new.  So I came to this package expecting to like it, and I do.  It's designed well, and is easy to follow along even though there are no instructions and they only speak Spanish (there is a help button you can push for instructions if you get totally lost as to what they're asking you to do with a given assignment).This is a great way to get started learning Spanish, although I would suggest that after working through these three levels it might make sense to start supplementing by studying grammar rules and vocabulary, and starting to read simple prose, watching Spanish television, and the like.  The focus here, at least in these first three levels, is almost entirely on developing conversational Spanish.  There are some simple reading exercises and games, but they also seem to be oriented around learning to recognize the kinds of things people tend to say, rather than on following extended arguments.  Don't expect to become fluent (or even close to it) after a few weeks (or months) of working through just these exercises.One of the very cool features, that Rosetta Stone is known for, is the voice recognition.  Beginning with lesson one, they not only have you identifying objects or activities based on vocabulary that's introduced in context, but they also have you repeating words and phrases and the program is designed to recognize if you say it right.  Be aware, though, that while it's quite capable, the voice recognition program is not magic.  I actually knew quite a bit of Spanish coming into this - and mostly picked it up to introduce it to my children (as it turns out I could only get one of them to try it, but she likes it a lot).  So, I tried a wide range of variations on the correct way of saying things.  As far as I can tell, the software accepts almost anything as correct as long as it has the right consonant sounds in the right order.  It doesn't care about accents, and doesn't even seem to distinguish between "los" and "las" or even "loss" and "lass."  (Interestingly, as it's designed for Latin American Spanish, it won't accept words pronounced as they do in Spain: so, for example, it won't accept "eth" for "es").  It does accept "hom-brays" (with a distinct "h" sound rather than a silent "h") for "hombres" and, perhaps even worse, accepts "ni&ntilde;os" for "ni&ntilde;as."  In other words, it doesn't care if you speak Spanish like a total "gringo," as long as you get things roughly right.  I thought that might be true just for the beginning levels, where it might actually be more important just to get people talking, but it's true at even the most advanced lessons included in this package.Of course, that's where the "Totale" part of the package comes in, and is absolutely necessary.  You can schedule sessions with native speakers, and you can go online and interact with other Rosetta Stone users, so there is some additional help available.  There are also several hours of audio review on CD, that you can play in the car or put onto an MP3 player for review.  Still, as far as I can tell the main advantage of working through this entire package would be to develop a level of familiarity and confidence that would allow you to move on - by taking classes or lessons with a tutor or by going to a Spanish-speaking country to find "true" immersion.  A great starter package, but won't take you all the way.
Rosetta Stone may be the most mis-named program in existence. The *real* stone, of course, presented the same information in three different languages, permitting archeologists to crack a language they had never been able to before, based on knowing the other two.Rosetta Stone *the language program* works on the sink-or-swim paradigm. There is no English whatsoever in the interaction. No grammatical theory, no lists of conjugations, no explanations of irregular verbs. Everything is entirely picture and repetition based, and you learn like an infant does. A picture of a plate. "Plato."  A picture of a girl holding a plate. "La muchacha tiene un plato". A picture of a girl holding a plate with a talk bubble coming from her mouth. "Yo tengo un plato." And so on, through three Levels (I believe five are available), of four Units per Level, and about ten Lessons per Unit. The Lessons (up to 30 interactions) cover vocabulary, pronunciation, grammar, and so on, and older Lessons are thrown into the mix as well just to provide reinforcement.  It is possible to go through a Level in a weekend if you do absolutely nothing else except eat and sleep, but I eventually found I could realistically only absorb about a Unit's worth per day, which took up a solid evening.Pros:- There is a voice-recognition system that continuously checks and reinforces your pronunciation, including a pop-up wave form analysis window. It cares mostly about cadence and vowels (it has no problems if you use "B" for "V" for example), but these are the things that are key to language comprehensibility.- There is a very nice and comfortable headset included, with a microphone and earphones.- There are writing interactions, and a set of keyboard stickies to translate your keyboard into a Spanish version (with accents and N~, etc.)- There is an audio file "companion" set (12 disks) that can be loaded onto an MP3 player for listening practice when you're away from your computer.- Many features are customizable, including how sensitive you want the voice recognition to be; whether you want to focus on writing, speaking, or both; and how many interactions you can get wrong before the program decides you need to repeat a lesson.- There are online interactions, to do solo, with another online student, or with an instructor. These include stories to listen to, and games to reinforce your listening skills. This is a new feature in Rosetta Stone, and it's way cool.- While the program can only be installed on one computer (and there's an activation process to insure this), there can be multiple "learners" in the same household, using the same program (though not at the same time, obviously).Cons:- The voice recognition can be frustrating at first. I found myself doing a Dracula accent so it would pick up my inflections, though eventually things calmed down. (They need a level zero, with the exaggerated vowel sounds and cadence found in baby talk).- The endless repetition really is endless. And the audio companion is more of the same dialog. This can get really boring.- At times, the multi-cultural pictures evoke a giggle. Sorry, but a picture of Japanese woman bowing does not make me think "Hola!'.- The end-of-unit "milestone" interactions, which supposedly emulate a real-world conversation, are almost impossible to pass the first time around, since you have to figure out what dialog the program expects you to say.- There are some usability issues - the key picture in the advanced match-picture-to-phrase exercises is very tiny and hard to see, and, in the sound-identifying exercise, the second presentation of the sound (the sound repeats after you've answered) comes right before the first presentation of the next sound, with no gap (confusing to the ear, especially early on).- The program supposedly works with a 1024x768 screen, which I have, but when using this the progress bar and pause button show up under my computer's system tray unless I go into full-screen mode. (This is a genuine bug, and should have been caught in Beta).Despite it's foibles, the program does get you up to speed really fast, with a pragmatic and immediately useful level of understanding (I have no idea what the grammatical tenses are called, but I can pronounce them). As the company suggests, compare the cost to the cost of a language class, not other programs. Because, given the constant feedback, that's pretty much what this is. Con muchos campanas y silbidos (that's bells and whistles, for you gringos).
This is an amazing product that, in our household, has been extensively tested by my son as a supplement to his Spanish language course in high school. It performed very well as a complementary support tool.My own learning experiences (I progressed through level 2) were also enjoyable, mostly because my son was around to help out when I got stuck.I am not sure how I would have fared if it had been just me with this product - especially whether I could have tracked as well without help in English.My access to a Spanish student (and his access to his Spanish class) also meant that I did not use the interactive aspect.One unexpected upside was that this tool helped create shared family time as we all gathered around the software for a fun learning experience.One side note: I had no trouble installing or using this software. However, the supplied microphone did not last very long and literally fell apart on us (duct taped for a while).Happy Learning!
Rosetta Stone V4 Total Immersion is a highly useful system to teach Spanish and help individuals learn to speak fluently in relatively short time. This product teaches Spanish through, like its name says, total immersion. It jumps right in and saturates the student with Spanish words and phrases right from the start.I can remember taking a Spanish class when I was younger and I recall that the method of learning was slow and only partially effective. Spanish was learned step by step, piece by piece, and involved learning the alphabet, learning how to conjugate verbs, how to count, etc. Rosetta Stone offers an entirely different approach that teaches Spanish more quickly. It sends you directly into the foreign language world, teaching the Spanish language in much the same way a baby learns to speak his/her native tongue. With Rosetta Stone, you get to converse with other students of Spanish and with native Spanish speakers. You get to play games in Spanish and learn from experts specially trained in the Rosetta Stone method. You are asked to match images with words, and your confidence grows with each passing lesson.I like the Rosetta Stone method and I agree completely that this method of learning is superior to the old fashioned process of memorization. However, I did find a few annoyances with this system. The greatest problem I had is that you cannot ask questions in English. At every turn, you are expected to converse in Spanish and this can be quite frustrating when you first use this system. After a while, I accepted this and continued with the lesson, but I didn't like this at first and found it difficult to ask my questions the correct way.Still, in spite of the initial frustration, I fully support the Rosetta Stone system and I can understand fully why so many individuals have bragged about this product over the years. I only wish a system like this had existed back when I took my first Spanish class in the seventh grade. I would have learned more quickly and would be speaking much better Spanish today, all thanks to Rosetta Stone V4 Total Immersion Spanish.
After trying several of the other Spanish language programs, I can now see why Rosetta Stone is so often considered the "Gold Standard" that everyone else compares themselves to. This "TOTALe: Spanish (Latin America) Level 1-5 Set" is by far the most comprehensive package I have ever seen and absolutely will enable anyone serious enough to stick with the program to learn conversational Spanish. Having some High School Spanish and helping my daughter with her's over the past few years did make this easier to jump into than coming in cold, but it should work for anyone with enough time to invest using the program several times a week.The software installed with no problems on my Vista PC and the included headset was instantly recognized. Using the program was very intuitive and I really like that the software helps to ensure my pronunciation is correct before I proceed to a new lesson(a big advantage over other programs).The included CDs are helpful, but again only if you have the time actually use them. Since I don't commute to work anymore, they were of lesser value to me.The live On-Line aspect is fantastic and very helpful for testing out your ability think and communicate with actual native Spanish speakers. Other than a quick test, I haven't taken full advantage of this feature but was impressed that it was included in the program and that it actually was quite easy to use. However since it is "full immersion", be prepared to slog through without using any English (which is why I haven't used it much).Like all other packages, this is only going to work if you use it and practice daily. That being said, this is the only package that I feel comfortable saying that it can take you above "vacation" level phrases to actual conversational level Spanish if you really stick to it.Recommended!CFH
I installed the software on a Mac 10.6.4 computer and on a Win 7 64 bit machine.  The software installed without problems and works well.  One negative  is that the product contains activation technology so it cannot be installed on more than 2 machines.  Training in Spanish followed a logical approach and I think it works well.
I find that the program can work with time and dedication.  The Latin America 1-5 set is loaded with language sessions and by the time you complete level 5 you will be able understand Spanish.  That being said Rosetta Stone is not for everyone.  If you have many distractions at home or if you are easily distracted then this program may not be for you.  To be successful, you need to plan accordingly.  Layout a training plan with enough time each week to practice.  I set aside 2 to 3 hours each week.  If you have kids, you need ensure understand when you are practicing.  Another recommendation prior to starting is purchasing a better headset because the one that comes with the set is cheap. They will work until you can get a better headset. Finally you should have an Spanish to English Dictionary handy for when you unsure of the word during your lessons.  You can also have Google Translation up and ready when you hit a snag.The program is easy to use and it goes through a large amount of repetitions do drive home basic language.  You also have to say the words properly before you move on. Rosetta Stone has does good with keeping you interested with the lessons and games. With Totale the interaction move to online. The studio session allow to speak with a native speaker. However, the time with a native speaker is limited.  This is why I believe if another family member or friend is using Rosetta Stone at the same time it is helpful to expand on your training.If you want to learn another language, Rosetta Stone will work.  There is no shortcut.  You need to make the time and effort.  As I mentioned above if you have too many distractions then classroom training is most likely a better option for you.I would recommend this product to friends and family.
Cosmetically, this version is not radically different from Outlook 2003 (which I upgraded from).  The big different is the inclusion of Business Contact Manager - which for my needs proved to be a more than adequate contact manager - with a great level of detail.SQL 2005 Express is installed in the background as the database engine for BCM.  Be advised that you will have to setup a maintenance schedule within SQL 2005 Express to dump the DB, etc.The feature added to Outlook 2007 that I really like is the addition of RSS feeds.Unlike one other reviewer, I had no problem with my 'down-level' office products installed on my PC.  Office 2003 applications peacefully co-existed with Outlook 2007.
'Microsoft Office Outlook 2007 with Business Contact Manager' is an add-on for Microsoft Outlook that is tailored towards sales and marketing professionals to track overall performance.  If you need a tool to help you track leads and/or sales and are familiar with using Outlook, this is a good resource to have at your disposal.Some comments have been made that this application is pricey, bloated and buggy, but my experience with using it has been positive.  I find Outlook to be the best application for managing my daily correspondences, if you agree and are using Outlook most of the day, this tool will reside in a familiar environment that you will no doubt have lots of hours logged in on.If you need to track sales and marketing information and need an app to do so, this is a great resource and I can recommend picking up.**** RECOMMENDED
I've been using Outlook for over 10 years, and every time Office upgrades it's difficult to figure out all the new tricks to the stuff you knew how to do backwards.  This version is no different, but I have to admit the interface really has changed.  You will spend a little bit more time looking for things that were more readily available before.However, there are more ways to organize and save time in your email and calendar by color coding and linking to projects and personal/business.  Inviting attendees is the same, and now publishing or meeting online is easier.You are able to organize contact information in one place and then sub-divide it into work, personal, etc and also link this information into the other areas of your Office products.I've always enjoyed using Outlook and the few times that I've had to work without it I've been lost.  This new version takes some getting used to, but I've really enjoyed the calendar sharing and the meeting inviting abilities on top of the others that I use regularly, like calendar, task list, contacts, email, and mail merge with other programs.  I did use it on Webmail, but our server didn't enable as many of the services as I would have liked.
letting them to work seamlessly. But it also has a prioritization feature that lets you set up to-do lists and reminders. The data is easily exported to other Microsoft products. My favorite function, however, is the calendar. This is an essential tool to keep multiple tasks on track.The addition of the ability to track sales campaigns, add customer ticklers and to-dos, and view a sales pipeline with PROBABILITY is awesome. (I used to do this by hand on a spreadsheet and I had a probability system I worked out that was very helpful to tell my management what sales were going to happen when.) Now, with this software, you can standardize this for your entire salesforce. This can save time on phonecalls to the sales force and all that work of going to each person and getting their updated forecast. One can also assign tasks. Just use Outlook and make sure each salesperson keeps their forecast up to date and standardized along your own forecasting lines of what is probable in what timeframe. You also have the ability to prioritize activities.For the small business owner who is both salesforce and back office, you can send info to billing software (like Microsoft Accounting.)All in all, this is a worthy competitor to programs like ACT! and very nice that it meshes with other Microsoft software. I can't think of a better program in this class. An essential.
Microsoft Office Outlook 2007 with Business Contact ManagerFor those of us that are very heavy Outlook users, I think it's safe to say we are not all in the target audience for this update.  Business Content Manager adds a medium sized business CRM type tool to Outlook.  This is kind of a mix of products, for those familiar with GoldMine and ACT.  And if you are in the market for such a tool, WOW!  Microsoft has knocked this one out of the park.It's impossible to talk about any Office 2007 product without mentioning the dreaded "ribbon" makeover.  Word and Excel have new xml based file formats that in and of themselves wouldn't be an issue.  The problem is the way MS removed the menu structure it took everybody forever to learn!Outlook 2007 is way better than the other programs in terms of look and feel.  (I'm holding my breath.  lol)It should be fairly simple for you to import your archives and access your settings in ways that are familiar.  If you're a Windows Vista user, you can also import all those weird new calendar formats into this guy too.  :)This product is included with a few suites, including Office Standard, Office Professional and Office Ultimate.  It is not included in the Office Home, which is why many will buy it here.  Alternatively, you can buy Outlook as a stand-alone application.Microsoft Office Standard 2007 FULL VERSIONMicrosoft Office Professional 2007 FULL VERSIONMicrosoft Office Ultimate 2007 FULL VERSION [DVD]Microsoft Office Home and Student 2007Microsoft Outlook 2007The Business Contact Manager piece adds some key new feature integrations with Outlook here.  Outlook has always been great at creating calendar items and task lists.  Now with BCM, those who have follow up routines for client calls can set them up and get reminders for every new client. Having those common "thank you" and "next steps" messages set up automatically is a nice time saver.You can also do some basic graphs and charts for marketing management.  This is a nice to have and will be necessary for all those running small and medium businesses using this product.There are some decent help pages and tutorials included too.  Those come in handy for learning some of the BCM functionality not everybody is used to.As for Outlook, some users have complained about missing functionality when this product is installed without other Office products, like Word.  Luckily (or unluckily) I already had Office Home on my machine.  However, if you don't have Word already on your machine, you will want to investigate that.The main issue with CRM type software has always been stability.  Once you get your customer database to a large size, you can see which products are better. Most products have a point where you start to get corruption and / or break-downs.  Only time and experience can tell you that.Still, this is a great entry into this arena for Microsoft.  With this product they added more than they took away.  I only wish basic Outlook was included with the Home version of Office!Check this one out!  Enjoy!
I'm a longtime user of Office 2003 with Outlook and was eager to try out this upgrade for Outlook as it's the application I use the most (other than Access which I use for my software development projects routinely). I really didn't have any need to upgrade the other applications, so this stand-alone was perfect for me. I actually don't use Outlook for email generally, preferring to use the standalone email open source product Thunderbird which gives me a lot more ability to customize and add other features to (and since I don't have to connect to an Exchange server or anything else that specifically forces me to use Outlook.) So I personally was not put off by the fact that things like spell check will not work if you use Outlook 2007 with the rest of the Office 2003 suite. That's been well documented here by other reviewers, so I won't go into it.Putting those issues aside, this is a really nice upgrade. A lot of upgrades are sort of "so what", but this one really impressed me. First, the look and feel of it is much more polished. It's more than just a pretty face, I find the items on my calendar for instance much more striking and easier to see what I have coming up at a glance. While the install itself seemed endless, the final product does seem to run plenty fast enough on my machine (it's fairly high end, 8 GHz, 3 gig of RAM) older machines may have more problems. Outlook 2007 uses a different style of toolbar than older versions, I really like the new toolbar, with the tabbed panels and fancier icons, it's just a matter of getting used to it. Here are some highlights from the different sections of Outlook, things that I specifically like or don't like. Please note that in some cases, I may be mentioning things that are possible to do with customization...however, they are not things that are easy for the average user to figure out, particularly since the product comes with basically no documentation at all, other than typical Microsoft Help.1. Email - as mentioned, I don't really use this much, but it *does* include a really nice RSS reader with a large list of feeds you can add immediately. Ironically, the one for Outlook 2007 is wrong, it adds the Outlook 2003 feed, I went to the Microsoft site to find the link for the correct one. One thing I also noticed is that when you are in Email, or any other area of Outlook other than the Calendar, there is a new "To Do" bar that displays all your upcoming appointments and tasks, and a field to create new tasks. Really great new feature.2. Calendar - I really like the way appointments look as mentioned. Also there are now very clear Day - Week - Month buttons at the top, these were not as easily found in the previous version. I do find it funny that there is still no Year view. I can do this with calendar apps on my tiny Pocket PC, it seems ridiculous that I can't see a yearly overview, or at least a 3 month overview on my desktop. Also, there doesn't seem to be a way to customize the number of lines for appointments on the monthly calendar. If you don't have large numbers of appointments, it'd be nice to show 2 lines so you can read the whole appointment, as you can on the weekly view. In particular, this would be nice when printing calendars, rather than holidays and birthdays that are all chopped off. I did notice that I have spell check available when creating appointments, so clearly it's available for at least some functions. I also though ran into issues with Outlook not wanting to save my appointment when I was editing it and trying different options...but it didn't give me any really detail as to why, just kind of a random thing.3. Contacts - In additional to the new interface, you've got all kinds of new stuff you can add and link with contacts. There's some neat new options, such as a link to go to the address on MSN maps, open their webpage in your browser, total customization of the business card for the contact, etc. You can add images to their contact notes, as well as a variety of other things like charts and graphs if you have the rest of Office 2007. I did notice as well that I can now sort my contacts by category. This drove me nuts in the 2003 version, that it would not sort by category, so very glad to have it now!4. Tasks - Fairly similar to the changes with contacts, lots of additional things you can link to the task, I like being able to paste in the business card of the contact for the task, for instance. You can also link the task over to an account in the Business Contact Manager5. Notes are still a bit more basic than I care for, but I use OneNote so only use these rarely now. It's definitely easier now to group them into categories, color code them, sort them, etc. but very basic functionality. OneNote is so superior in every way, but unfortunately is still sold as a separate product. Kind of a side note here...but I really wish that with many of these parts of Outlook you could add drawings as you can in OneNote, for those of us that have a tablet.6. Business Contact Manager - So here's the real jewel in this product. I really didn't use the one that came with Office 2003 and only now see how much I was missing! First, to use this it will install SQL Server Express on your machine. I run standard SQL Server from a separate box, so it would have been nice to be given the option to specify a SQL location to use instead of forcing a new install of the server on me. But at least it only starts up when you try to access this section of Outlook, so that reduces the load at least somewhat on your machine. Overall, I'm pretty impressed with how much this does, the name really doesn't do it justice. I'm really putting some time into getting my current accounts, contacts and projects loaded into this, as it basically does the same sort of things that I was using a different project management program to do. Now, this is hardly going to replace a full-fledged, multi-user project management software application. But for a sole proprietor like myself, it does the basics well enough to be useful. I can create projects, enter tasks for the project, add notes and hours worked, view custom reports on my projects, etc. I don't do much sales and marketing at the moment, but that's all in there as well. I really just wish it did even more. I'd like to be able to link files and documents to my tasks, for instance, or at least, include better integration with OneNote, which is ideal for project documents and notes. I found it particularly strange for instance, that in my regular Contacts, I had a link to OneNote to create custom notes for that contact...but I did not have the same button in the Business Contacts (which is where it is *really* needed.) Better integration with OneNote would really be a huge boon to those of us that are using both of these products.Just as an additional side note, I was glad to see the upgrade did not break my ActiveSync with my SmartPhone, everything still works fine and syncs properly. I did notice that the contacts in the Business Contact Manager do not sync with the PPC, but that's to be expected (just something to be aware of). There's also still a big problem with Outlook and that is the issue of alarms not going off if the program isn't up and running. I always like to have them synced to my phone so I am less likely to miss them just because the program isn't open.Overall, this is an excellent upgrade, as long as you have a machine that can handle it and are not effected or bothered by the various issues with using it along with the Office 2003 suite. Some improvements to some functions would make it even better, but it is certainly still worth a look.
If you own your own small business, or just have a lot of professional contacts you need to keep up with, then Business Contact Manager for Outlook 2007 is a great CRM (Customer Relationship Management) tool that is affordable and relatively easy to use.  I found it was a great tool for helping me keep track of not only customers, but potential clients and e-mail discussions with them.One of the best features of the product is that it can integrate directly with Microsoft Accounting 2008.  It can even share the database, so you don't have to maintain two separate SQL instances.  From there it can automatically help track e-mails, marketing campaigns, projects, etc with all the customers you do business with.Speaking of marketing campaigns, this is one of the big features of this product I'm just now starting to use.  You can actually create and send out targeted marketing to your contacts (or subsets of) and have it track response rates for you.  This is a feature which I've had to pay a third party service for in the past!The only downside to this product is that it takes some time to get used to.  I spent quite a bit of time trying to figure out how to manage my contacts correctly!  It also requires SQL Server 2005 (it will install it for you) so be prepared for a little more overhead on your system.Overall, its a great CRM for small business and can do a lot of powerful features that normally you'd have to engage third party services for.  Just be prepared for a learning curve when you first install it!
This version is not very different from the current 2003 Outlook that I use. It's better to think of it more as an upgrade. The new features include:1) Business Contact Manager2) RSS FeedsAlso, this version is compatible with my older version of MS word so no problems there.
A year or so ago, I switched to Outlook, and while I can't say that I really liked it, I did find that it was an improvement over my old email program in a couple of important ways.  It offered integrated address book, and calendar functions, and it didn't crash every fifteen minutes.  I got used to its drawbacks because it offered me greater functionality.Along comes Outlook 2007 with the contact manager, and suddenly there's a whole new level of functionality to make me even happier.  Now I can sync my Outlook calendar with my Google calendar, import RSS feeds and, with a tiny app and a couple of keystrokes, I can import contact information quickly from any online resource.On the downside, and predictably, it takes forever to install.  Backup of everything except archived mail is sort of a pain, and the way it creates files is kind of squirrely.  But in general I'd say that it's made keeping track of my life just a bit simpler.  And that's worth a lot to me.
The installation went flawlessly. I opted not to install Business Contact Manager.The Outlook itself is quite complex and useful for managing your workflow in a busy environment. If you need a tool to just manage your personal email, there are, probably, less heavy tools.In 2007 edition Microsoft added a ribbon on the title bar of the message viewer. This ribbon is a customizable bar with buttons. One change that I didn't like comparing to 2003 edition is that in order to edit a saved message instead of simply selecting "Edit" in a drop-down menu, one has to either find "Revise Contents" or add it as a button to the ribbon. The whole indivudla message window interface is brought in line with all Microsoft Office 2007 look, but the Outlook's main window still looks like 2003 with some changes in the menus.I don't like the changes to the Search functions interface. Now to search a folder for a message with a keyword you have to navigate to Tools>Instant Search>Advanced Find -- right-clicking on a folder in the Mail Folders' pane won't is not possible any more since there is no option for searching in the Folder rclick pop-up menu.One can go to Tools>Instant Search>Search Options and set "All Folders" in the "Instant Search Pane" area and hope that every time you start a search it would go through all folders. Nope! If you don't check "Search Subfolders" after pressing "Browse..." button in the Advanced Find, the search will NOT go into the subfolders. This means that either this feature doesn't work or the interface is confusing...I definitely don't like the hard-shell plastic packaging: it take a lot of space, hard to see where it's sealed, and opening it was a challenge.
As has been noted by other reviewers, Crunch will not allow you to rip DVDs containing copy protection. And, like other video rendering software, it is slow and clunky. It has, however, solved a problem for me that makes it worth using.I recently tried to sync videos to my iPhone and found that many videos that played fine on my iPod would not transfer to the iPhone. These included a couple of movies I had transferred using Handbrake Lite and several QuickTime videos I had downloaded as part of an online course. The QT videos had been converted to iPod format using iTunes.After doing some research online, I found this was a common problem because of slight variations in the encoding for iPod and iPhone video. Although some videos will play on both, others (including some converted through iTunes) will not.The files converted by Crunch in standard iPhone format play in iTunes, and sync with both the iPod and the iPhone. I was able to successfully convert files that had previously played only in iTunes and on the iPod, and get them to work on the iPhone, too.I tried this software on both a Windows XP PC and a Mac. Both worked well. The Mac interface is a bit cleaner and might be considered easier to use, although both are simple. The main advantage the PC version has is that in addition to a bar showing the progress of the file conversion, the percentage complete is displayed. It makes it easy to estimate the time remaining in the conversion.So this is not the software you want to back up your collection of DVD movies. (Try Handbrake for that if you are on a Mac.) But if you want to convert video files to play in iTunes, and on both your iPod and iPhone, this will do what you need.
Installation:I installed this on both PC and Mac platforms.  Installation was easy on a Mac, but I ran into problems on the PC side.  On a Vista PC, it appeared to install but wouldn't run.  I've seen this on Vista, so I knew the solution was to "Explore" the CD and right click on the Setup program and choose "Run as Administrator" (even though I'm logged in as administrator). This is a Vista problem, not Roxio.  Installation on an XP laptop worked great.Running it:You pick your video source and the device format to output it to.  The output formats are iPod, iPhone, and iTV.  Since I wanted it for the new iTouch iPod, I choose iPhone (same video specs and format as the iTouch).  If you view the video on your PC, it won't look good because it's downsampled for the small screen of the iPods.  On the iPod, it will be very good.The time to make the conversion will depend on your computer.  I tried it on a 90 minute movie. My G5 Mac took about the same time as viewing the video (91 minutes).  On my Duo Core 2 PC, it took about 3/4 of the viewing time to render it (62 minutes).  On my Pentium 4, it took 1 1/2 times the viewing time (136 minutes).All in all, good quality video and very easy to use (once you get it installed on Vista).
I only came to the product page to see what the retail cost was.  However, I did not expect to see all these lackluster reviews.  So, I will try to provide as much detail as possible as to why I am giving this 4 stars.My actual rating is about 3.5.  My only complaint is the price.  As a evaluation copy, I don't know what the retail price is.  So, now that I see it, I believe it's about $10 over my expectation.  However, if the Amazon price is 30% off retail, this is acceptable.So, with that said, this is a no frills video converter.  And if you need to convert ANYTHING to an Apple friendly file, this is great.  My main computer is Windows, so, dealing with the file formats is just a headache.  Now, it is not.We are not automatically sent evaluation copies, we have to request it, therefore, I really wanted this.  I run several entertainer web sites and I have a couple of them with or about to start podcasts.  I have a boxes of VHS and DVDs sitting here, as well as video files of all types sitting on discs.  Trying to find something to deal with this mess was making me insane.My current method of making an iPod ready file took up to three software programs.  Windows Movie Maker, Pinnacle Studio Ultimate 11, and Super AV Converter.  WMM is fine for quick projects, but I have to use it to resave a file I just created using Pinnacle and the SAVC. Running all three programs is just a system overload.  Pinnacle alone is a memory killer.  Pinnacle is ok, I use it and get by.  But SAVC is just completely useless.Now comes Roxio Crunch, and I am so happy.  It's a light program, runs quickly, loads video with no problem.  You can choose to make a file for iPod, iPhone and even AppleTV. You can also choose to upload directly to itunes for your next ipod update.  For personal use, this is completely perfect.  If you simply want your videos on your iPod, and the simplicity of opening the program, browsing for your file, and upload to itunes... you're done.The only slight drawback is if you have a huge workload.  It does take a few minutes to do it's conversion thing.  But, in my case, I am working with recording artists and music videos etc.  So my videos are 3-5 minutes long.  And this is so perfect for YouTube too.There are no directions.  And it's a very simple interface.  It's a very specific needs program that does it's job, and in my experience, the best at it so far.
I installed this on my laptop a few days ago and so far have been very pleased with the program.  I haven't used McAfee products in the past, so this is great.I'm not technical, so will let someone else review that side, I just know it does what I want it to do.
I really like this anti-virus software.  It took about 10 minutes to install and an extra 2 to update.  Seriously, this software is very easy to use and install.  After installation, this software was ready to use and the interface is easy to navigate.  It reads files FAST.  The only slow up is when you activate the parental controls (a handy feature to have for a family) so if you don't need it, I suggest skipping it.  I have no complaints about the software at all!The customer service on the other hand, I am not so happy with them.  I have difficulty getting an e-mail response despite several attempts.  Although it is a very minor issue, it would be nice to get a response.  I cannot find a telephone number anywhere so that just leaves e-mail.  Hmmmm.  I am worried about what would happen if I have an real issue with the software. Hence the four stars.
Although McAfee is a bit annoying with its CONSTANT updates, this product does the job and keeps your computer safe from all the bad things hackers and their ilk want to do to your computer. Definitely worth picking up, especially at a discount.
I've been running McAfee's anti-virus software for quite a while now and am satisfied with the product. It does the job it's billed to do without causing any of the slowdown problems that other users have complained of. (Although that is always a problem when using software of this type, so caveat emptor.)One thing I don't like is that the software installs a clunky "SecurityCenter" that I don't care for and that consumes resources. The software also wants to install a firewall (I don't care for McAfee's version), privacy software and similar. I don't like it when programs attempt to foist bloatware on users like that.But other than that, the software operates efficiently and effectively. It does consume resources, but if you have the latest generation of PC, that shouldn't prove to be a problem.
McAfee has always been a good brand in my mind. I've tried a few other brands such as MS and Norton and seem to still like McAfee the best. The MS product is terrible and just slows your pc down with useless performance improvement software that they force you to have run automatically. Norton isn't bad but McAfee has been a solid brand for a long time so I stick with them.Installation is a breeze and having the 3 license ability is nice with a multiple PC home. I would recommend this version to anyone who has multiple PC's at home and is looking for a good stable non intrusive virus product.
I have had some bad experiences with McAfee products in the past and I started examining McAfee VirusScan Plus 2008 (I'll just call it VSP hereafter) with a skeptical eye. Reading the reviews of others made me uncomfortable with running this application on my system. Furthermore, I have been using another Internet security suite for quite a while now and I was loathe to uninstall it just to load up something by McAfee. I bit the bullet, however, and I can say that I have been pleasantly surprised.Not everyone has had good fortune with this product - in fact quite a few people have horror stories to share. My experience is mostly positive and as such I have a positive spin to add to the mix.I had absolutely no difficulty installing VSP. Installation was smooth, painless and relatively quick. Having never loaded up anything by Symantec on my computer, I did not encounter the problem of McAfee refusing to install because of remnants of Norton AV being left behind. After installing, VSP asked for the expected reboot and my system came up without too much difficulty.My first real issue arrived after that initial reboot. Connecting to the internet, VSP immediately decided it was time to update everything. If I had a high-speed connection I wouldn't care too much, but a 50+ MB download via dial-up took a long time. In fact, it took over 2 hours. The updates are daily, and the main update - AV definitions - is also a sizable download. I can say with absolute conviction that this is NOT a good product for dial-up users.Once all of the updates were installed, the computer rebooted and I did observe that Windows XP did come up noticeably slower, though not enough to seriously impact anything. The difference was perhaps an extra minute in boot time, which in the grand scheme of things is acceptable though some may get impatient.I can't complain too much about the antivirus portion of VSP. Though it eats some processing cycles and runs quite slowly, it does not bring the computer to its knees and as a result I can do other things while the scan runs in the background with a minimum of impact. If you tend to run scans in the background, this is by far the most cooperative AV I have used for that specific purpose (and I have used quite a few different ones).The SiteAdvisor is an interesting animal, and I can say I get varied results. It does not seem to impact surfing speed in my case, but it has a drastic impact on FireFox startup. Once loaded, though, the SiteAdvisor changes color when I hit a potentially dangerous site but stays green for most websites. When searching, however, it updates the links to show the perceived danger level for each site in the list. When on a site that is perceived to be a source of dangerous material, SiteAdvisor provides a detailed analysis of the site with a list of potential danger spots.The firewall's default settings are weak and permissive, but this is something that can be remedied with a few mouse clicks... After setting the level to "Stealth" - one level above total lockdown - I went in search of firewall tests. Every test I tried showed that the firewall protected the system admirably and really hid my computer while connected to the net.The firewall works like most others on the market. It allows you to block ports, lock down applications, and other related activities. Overall, working with this firewall is unremarkable in that it is similar to others on the market in terms of features and configuration.I admittedly have not used the email protection features of VSP. I have a low-bandwidth email address so I do not get too many emails that contain malware. Until someone finds me and sends me something, I cannot test this easily.A disappointment I encountered occurred with the SecurityCenter. Listed on the basic menu is Parental Controls, something I value as I have computer-savvy kids that have been taking more interest in the net. When I went to explore this feature, I found out that it is not installed and that I have to upgrade to a different application suite to get it. In my opinion this should not even be listed on the menu if it is not even available with this edition. The same holds true with the antispam component - it's not available in this edition so it should not even be mentioned in the menus.VSP has never crashed my computer, and it hasn't broken any applications. It has not broken my connectivity and my printer still works.I loaded up McAfee VirusScan Plus, fully expecting to add to the horror stories about it. Instead, it surprised me with a pleasant and stable experience. Because of the long update times due to being a dial-up user I will go back to my other solution, but given a broadband connection I would seriously consider leaving it on my system. It appears that maybe McAfee has learned from past mistakes and has put out a workable solution - at least from my perspective. Based on my own experience I can say this is a decent product.
I have used a bevy of virus scanners/protectors ranging from Symantech, avast, norton etc. I even used a previously released version of Mcafee a few years back. I am happy to say that this product stand up well against its competitors.It is fairly easy to use and can be used by up to 3 users. It has all the standard features as expected from most virus scanners. However, the only downside to it in my opinion is that when rebooting your computer, this thing really slows down the process. And while it can be run in the background and designed to do so, it seems at times to impede the speed of performance of other programs.But other than those points, it is still a great buy.
I rateMcAfee Internet Security Suite 2008 - 3 Userproduct a '4' because during installation there are many undocumented software options to install and I received several error messages.  I had to install the program directly from the CD instead of the recommend internet install.  I needed to update and run a scan before the "at Risk" messages disappeared.  However, after I tweak it it has been running smoothly.McAfee offers data privacy options and an EasyNetwork applet to set up a network. This was helpful since I have a wireless network at home.  It also offers a full backup and recovery program that lets you schedule how you want to perform your backups (very quickly I may add).  McAfee Internet Security Suite 2008 offers a defensive guard to any workstation. It provides anti-spam, anti-phishing, antivirus, and anti-malware. In addition, it also offers useful tools like PC health checks and parental controls.Overall, McAfee Internet Security Suite 2008 is a reasonably solid investment for the average PC user.  Being able to use this program for up to 3 PC's is also an added bonus.
I first used McAfee Virus Scan Plus 2008-3 User 6 in 1 product and wrote a review on it. I was totally impressed using it on my Windows XP machines. This McAfee Internet Security Suite 10 in 1, states that it works on a Pentium 300, so I decided to use it on my AMD K6-2 500 with 512 megs of ram running Windows 2000 Pro SP4. I removed the free edition AVG antivirus, as well as Zone Alarms free firewall first. I have never met an anti-virus that will work with another antivirus already installed. With my XP machines it only increased boot up time by 30 seconds, but on the older AMD-K6-2 500 it added 2 minutes. (1 minute 20 seconds without any antivirus, 3 minutes 20 seconds with) So the limited processing power was affected in boot up time. On my XP machine that has a barebones list of programs, it boots in only 42 seconds +30.When installing be sure and take the option of downloading the latest version from the net and install it; total size 57 Megs.The security suite includes> Security center, Virus scan, Personal firewall, Privacy service, Anti-spam, Data backup, Easy Network, Site Advisor, and OEM support.With my XP machines the program works seamlessly, and you wouldn't even know there is an update, or scan going on in the background. With the AMD K6-2 it takes a toll on limited resources and slows the machine down. Does it slow it to a crawl, no, but it does add a second or two to changing screens. Sorry for mentioning the obvious but I thought those with an older machine would be interested in knowing whether it would be effective for them.I am keeping the McAfee installed because I prefer the results to the AVG free edition antivirus, and Zone Alarms firewall. ZA running their older version 6.5 would work in W2000, but their nagging upload screen, if clicked on, downloads a 7+ version that brought about a blue screen until I booted in safe mode and removed it. AVG updates on every boot, and totally dominates the machine until it is done, whereas McAfee allows you to immediately start to work while it is updating. So pulling it all together under the McAfee umbrella is a nice way to go. I gave it 4 stars because it does slow the machine down a little, but that is to be expected from a machine with such limited capacity.
McAfee Internet Security is a solid all-around defense suite for your PC.  While it works well with freshly-reformatted, it will give low-end, established machines some trouble.  I tested it on an established, low-end, 1.8 GHz, 512 RAM Windows XP Home Edition system.  As I ran the setup, it immediately informed me that my anti-virus and my spyware must be removed before continuing.  Slightly peeved, I felt like I just invited a foreign-exchange student to stay with me, who started re-arranging my furniture.  Nevertheless, I removed the prompted programs and the rest of the installation went smoothly.  While it protected my system, it did fairly slowed it down a notch, especially during startup.The Good:*Good Value:  This package includes a 3-PC User license.*All-In-One:  Because it has anti-virus, spyware and even cleans your PC of clutter, there is no need to install a bunch of different programs; just let McAfee do all the work.  Just install it and you are protected online.  It even has a back-up feature.*User-Friendly Interface:  A control panel that is friendly to novice and experts alike.The Bad:*Slow PCs Beware:  While it works well with fast and powerful PCs, it will slow down older machines.*Middle-of-the Road:  While it has most features that most suites have these days, McAfee doesn't seem to have many innovative features that other programs have to offer, such as form filler or extensive online storage for files.  One innovate feature it does have is the Site Advisor, but most advanced users will find it rather comical that useful.  Every website you visit, you can click a Site Advisor button which will lead you to a McAfee site which will tell you whether or not the website is safe or not.  Underneath is an actual space for McAfee users to leave comments about the website.  It should be taken with a grain of salt as there are actually people who will type "YAHOO IS VIRUS! BEWARE!!!"The Bottom Line:  McAfee offers a simple, yet solid protection for your PC.  While a good value, slow machine users take caution.
McAfee has for years been one of the stronger brand names for virus protection, and a lot of educational institutions provide it to their students and faculty for free. However, when it came to home virus protection, it has not always been easy to get a product that will allow users to have it installed on multiple computers. Since multiple computer households are more common these days, this becomes somewhat of a problem, and 'McAfee Internet Security Suite 2008 - 3 User' are becoming increasingly useful licensing solutions. At home I am running three different Windows machines - Windows Vista Home Edition Premium, Vista Home Edition Basic and an old XP computer. All of these computers had various older security software suites installed, in addition to Microsoft's own security. The installation of the McAfee Suite was straightforward, but it took a lot of time to accomplish for all of the computers. In particular, it required1. Removal of all of the previous security software products (except those bundled up with Windows).2. Several restarts of each of the computers.I would also have liked if I could have installed the software form one central computer over the network, and not had to physically move the media from one computer to another. This may seem like a small step, but it could have saved some hassle.The backup utility seems to be working fine, but I don't like the fact that is based on the .NET framework. Somehow that doesn't make it seem to robust.The virus and malware scan worked fine, and detected a few of previously undetected viruses. However, on my old XP machine there are a couple of tracking/adware programs that have been serving me ads for quite some time now and the program has not been able to detect them.I like the internet browsing warnings that help me decide which websites to visit. The system works with both the Internet Explorer and Firefox.One thing that I particularly like about McAfee suite is its apparently small footprint - it doesn't seem to be using a lot of computer resources while its quietly running in the background and scanning your computer. I think this is a solid program and well worth the money for the peace of mind that it offers.
Quite a few others may do just as we do - if a company sells products at a reasonable price that perform well and please us, we tend to go back to that brand name again and again.  That has been our history with McAfee.  We've been happy with their products in the past, and so tried this one with no hesitancy.The convenience of it protecting three computers is a plus for us, and their online help has been excellent - especially for this computer challenged person during the installation.It seems that everyday we read or hear more and more horror stories about computers being hacked or users spied upon.  Protection is of the utmost importance to us and we feel that this Security Suite does offer that.What we do not care for is the automatic renewal - would much prefer that it be our choice not the company's.  However, having said that we have found that McAfee provides terrific protection, and we'd much rather be safe than sorry.
We've used McAfee software before and didn't find it as good as others but we have since decided it is better than Norton, and you can't beat the price. So far everything is running smoothly and I like it. Everyone should have something on their computer like this to save being attacked from viruses. Every day there is a threat of one (or so our system says). We've never crashed so evidently these things do work! Get one today if you are doing without. The price is nothing compared to what a new system costs.
This is my second McAfee Virus protection software. My computer came with 15 months free and that had expried. I must say this set has more bells and whistles than I personally need. It is simple to install  and I am notified that I am fully protected. Thats about all I need.In just the few days I have had it I do notice that my computer takes longer to boot up as it does it's initial. scans. Also it pops up questions a lot asking me if I want to allow this or that. Do you want to update now? etc etc.. I know from experience once it gets used to the sites you frequent that will settle down.I very much like the back up of photos feature that this new 2008 version has. My 2005 one did not have this feature.If you are a computer wizzard this has everything you can possibly want or need on one nicely organized package. If you just want to be protected and not worry about virus and spyware...here you have it. The initial one year cost of the program here at Amazon is very reasonable. The renewals I do think are much to high. Cheaper to just buy the new one each year as Amazon has such great deals.I would have given 5 stars but it does slow down your XP windows computer. I do not know what it does to Vista as I don't have Vista. When you are in a hurry that can get old fast. Definetely something to keep in mind when making this purchase. Update after 2 weeks My computer is running much faster and it has helped me identify some conflicting programs that I was able to uninstall. I find myself quite happy with this product and have changed it to 5 stars, although I am unable for that to show above.Overall You can trust the McAfee name to protect your computer very well.UPDATE: At about 6 weeks I cannot tell you how pleased I am. This software has warned me os so many dangerous webpages. It pops up and tells me that a webpage is trying to get my information and it is blocking it.I also love the way it "shreds" things you have it delete, it is gone forever not lurking on the hard drive taking up space.
As the name says, this is broad PC protection for the internet. Although, I've used it on only one computer so far, it can cover upto 3. Additionally, it has such a long list of prevention and protective measures it takes to protect your computer that it makes you wonder if you really need anything more than your regular virus scan and firewall protection!I have Windows XP and the installation was certainly not a breeze! After several error messages and giving up several times, I finally got it installed on my comuter only to realize that it had slowed down considerably. After some more tweaking, the internet connection is better but it makes you wonder if all the time spent was worth it and that is something only time will tell. But in the meantime, my conclusion is that if you have Windows XP, be prepared for some battle and you will be rewarded with peace and satisfacion that you've done some good for your computer...hopefully! As I said, only time will tell and I will certainly update later.
I have had several bad experiences with McAfee products in the past and I was a little leery of their 2008 lineup of product offerings. I tried their VirusScan Plus and was quite pleasantly surprised, so I decided to give their full Internet Security Suite a try. I have read about others' experiences with this product, and it seems it gets an equal share of good and bad press. In my case, my experience with it has been exceptionally good.I bought a new computer, exactly one week ago today as I write this review. The other security suite I use also comes with three licenses and I have used them all, so I needed a security suite for my new system. This system is a reasonably powerful one though not a top-of-the-line gaming rig. It's a well-rounded and nimble system. The big question I had before I loaded McAfee on there was whether or not it would bring the system to its knees or stay out of the way.The new computer runs Windows Vista, not Windows XP.I loaded the whole suite - the firewall, the antivirus, the parental controls - everything. It did a scan of the system before it installed itself, then quietly loaded itself without a fuss. It then asked to be updated from the internet, and it downloaded in the neighborhood of 50MB of updates. The system rebooted and I was off and running.McAfee does NOT slow down my system. In fact, I barely notice it running most of the time. I took a look in the active task list and with everything turned on it is very light on resources. This is a pleasant surprise, as most suites gobble up massive amounts of memory in order to situate themselves in memory.I'll start off by discussing the firewall. The firewall is one of the two most important parts of any security suite, and McAfee has put quite a bit of effort and thought into theirs. It has a variety of security settings that allows a user to easily adjust the protection level, and it is wise to look at this setting right off the bat because the default is very weak. In testing the firewall blocked all the necessary ports and it refused to answer probe requests. It lets the user know when a new/unidentified program wants access to the net and asks for a decision. Some users don't like to be bothered, but I call it a good thing.The antivirus is a different animal altogether. It is definitely the slowest antivirus I have ever used, but it is also the most unobtrusive in that it runs in the background so quietly that I was unaware that it was running the first time it decided to do a scan. I have not had any issue with it interfering with anything I am doing at any given time, even when it is scanning the entire system. So far it has found nothing on my system so I cannot say how it will handle a virus when it finds one, but I have it set up to ask me for action when something isn't right.One thing that is nice about the antivirus is that it does not appreciably interfere with email. The other suite that I use interferes with my email client and it causes timeouts when I allow it to scan outbound mail. McAfee is much more cooperative in that regard and as of yet it has not interfered with my email.The parental controls are a mixed bag. I had hoped that McAfee would set itself up as a proxy that would look at URLs and block bad content, with a predefined list of URLs that lives on their servers and is frequently updated. This is not at all the case. Instead, the user has to add URLs individually, which in my opinion is useless. It does have a keyword filter, which is all right, and it does filter images. The image filtering leaves much to be desired though - it blocks strange things and does not keep out everything I would like to see it block.The email filter has not yet proven itself. I have a relatively new email address and thus far I have gotten no spam. Nothing has been filtered as of yet, so I do not know what to expect.Also unproven is the anti-spyware components. On a new system that has seen next to nothing online, there has been little opportunity to test this feature so far.McAfee includes SiteAdvisor, which at first was causing me grief. Though it never prevented my browser - Firefox - from starting, it caused a significant delay in starting the browser. After a couple of days, it suddenly righted itself and the problem has gone away.So far, McAfee's Internet Security Suite has proven itself to be far superior to previous versions with which I have worked. It protects the system adequately, it does not get in the way (unless there is something wrong or unless you tell it to be verbose) and it has a decent feature set. The parental controls could use some attention and the SiteAdvisor is a little touchy sometimes, but those are both lesser features. I would have balked at the idea of running McAfee in the past, and I now find myself pleased enough with it to recommend it to others. McAfee's offering is a good one - even if you have had some negative experiences with it in the past, consider trying McAfee.
Mcafee has been around quite some time now....I have always preferred it over other security softwares.....This one doesnt let me down either...ofcourse the one drawback u will face with this one as any other software is ...this will slow ur computer a tad bit...but since my laptop is 250 gb...higher RAM....I can live with it.....i have never had anyone hack into my system with the mcafee...the fact that i can use it on 3 comps is great ...also its a complete security software....so u dun need to go out to get another firewall or spyware..or backup software...it automatically updates itself..and the interface is very user friendly...something i have not had luck with in kaspersky...so for me mcafee is a real winner...considering all the rebates and offers its on...i think the product is a really worth a try.
I was running Iolo System Mechanic, but it just wasn't doing the job.  In fact, it was causing way more problems than it resolved.  I decided to gives te McAfee Internet Security Suite 2008 a try.I've installed it on two computers so far.  Both are Gateway laptops.The program was easy to install and I encountered no errors.  On one laptop it actually found several viruses that the Iolo product had missed.  The McAfee program is proving to be a much, much leaner running program than System Mechanic.  System Mechanic was always hogging resources, but McAfee has not caused any such problems.One thing I really liked about the McAfee product was how easy the registration process way.  I've used Norton in the past, and their registration process was really annoying.  The McAfee product just required me to make a user account.  No product codes, no lengthy activation process, nothing like that.  Very simple.I wasn't sure how I would like this product.  My previous experience with McAfee was over 10 years ago and I was not impressed at that time.  They seem to have really improved their product since then, though.So, in summary, easy installation, quick and simple registration, doesn't hog resources, and found viruses other products missed.
Yes, I have found that this program does slow down my computer a little (especially when I first boot up) and it tends to give me a lot of pop-ups (mostly warning screens) but having once suffered from a major software meltdown due to a virus I beleive that the McAfee is worth the time.Since I began using their software I have never had even a minor problem, even though I know that I have been exposed to some potential threats on the internet.  With new insidiously malicious programs being developed each day the McAfee updates are invaluable. Don't surf without it!
First and foremost, I want to make it clear that this is written about protecting my home PC from invasion and that the program is not guarding anything amazing. I am also writing this as someone that is not an expert at PC defense by any means: I am a casual user and am writing this as a layman that has logged more hours than he cares to truly remember. Also, I do not have a lot to say on this product because it is relatively new to my system. I may learn more as I go and it may mean that my mind might change as updates change and as different programs are introduced. That said, there are only a few major players on the security market these days and these products are always promising something new.As far as products go, I've trusted McAfee for a while now.  While I cannot say that the something new really impresses me all that much each time, I do have to say is that it has done well thus far, that it has caught some things that the other system did not, and that it is not a jumble of "features" that keep you from noticing the problems. The program loaded without any problems, has been receiving updates without any difficulty, and has all the features you need in an easy-to-use model. While this does not mean that I trust it (or any other program) completely, it does mean that I feel safer setting behind it and letting it sort out all the problems that come with walking the e-jungle.If you have a program that has treated you good in the past, staying with it is always a great option. If that program is buggy and somewhat problematic, however, perhaps it is time to try out something that spends less time trying to market itself and more time trying to find niches where nasty little programs reside.For now I am going to say that I like it, giving it a four-star appointment only because I have yet to see any miracles that other variations did not provide. Nice program - does good for my home PC.
I installed this security suite on my laptop and desktop. Both operate on Windows XP, and have specs well above what the stated requirements are on the McAfee box. I've never been a fan of any security software and have used my computers unprotected for many years with no problems, but I figured it was time to upgrade. I've tried Norton, Panda, and a variety of other software and wound up uninstalling them after a few days.My gripe with the McAfee software is that there is an obvious slow-down in both of my computers, more so with the laptop. The installation process was also painfully slow, and now I feel like there's a new update to upload every single day.On the positive side, the scanning process was pretty quick; McAfee located 1 potential problem, and asked me if I wanted to remove it. It's It's great that this is an 8-in-1 protection, so there's no need to go out and buy additional products that may or may not work together. My favorite part so far has been the McAfee Site Advisor, which I feel makes web surfing much safer.Having used this software for a couple days, it's too early to tell if there are any kinks, but so far everything is functioning well.A week later: while uploading an update, there was some sort of a glitch, and I was instructed to re-install the program. Tedious..A couple weeks into using the software: almost every day I get an error stating that McAfee needs to be re-installed. After a few times of this run-around, I uninstalled the program instead. Would definitely rate this 1 or 2 stars now...
Very user-friendly.  Easy to install and keeps up to THREE computers running effectively.  I have used this product for two years and have had no virus threats and my computers run smoothly.  I use this product for Windows Vista and Windows XP.  There are no conflicts with the different operating systems.
This program is a great comprehensive software for security and performance tune-up software.  It replaces Norton on our systems.  Since it is a Microsoft product, it works well with Vista.  I recommend it.
My son has an Acer Notebook computer with Windows Vista installed.I wanted a simple, straightforward, reliable solution to keeping viruses and other pesky varmints off this computer that I don't personally supervise on a daily basis.  I had tried a free virus protection software (didn't update consistently by itself) and I wanted to steer clear of Norton software (quirky, hard to uninstall, bad past experiences).I've been very pleased with Windows Live OneCare.  It installed easily, was smart enough to remove the other anti-virus program and do some tweaking of the firewall and IE settings, and is running and updating reliably in the background.  It also does some basic periodic "tuning up" of the computer like defragging the hard drive.  It has a backup feature which is not as powerful or versatile as some other programs, but it is still useful for typical "non-power-user" computers.Overall, it fits the bill well for simple, reliable computer protection.
One could argue that Microsoft should be ashamed to sell a product like this which is only designed to protect you from the very troublesome issues of viruses, spyware and internet attack brought on by flaws in the Microsoft operating systems.Of course, they might argue that since they know their own flaws better, they can do a better job of protecting you. I can't tell long-term how this product will hold up, but it did install on my XP machine with no problems (other than requiring me to uninstall Adaware). It seems to do what it is supposed to do - protect me without bothering me. It has some nice features - it makes backing up look easy and seems to download updates without needing to go through a process, like Adaware or Spybot. I hope it works out. I  like the idea of one-stop shopping for computer protection and with as little interference as possible. This seems to do the job.Edited on August 28. I have taken this product off my computer. I ended up getting a major Trojan Horse attack and the little green light stayed on the whole time, telling me my system was operating perfectly. Meanwhile I was in big trouble. This product did not detect anything! If it wasn't for Norton Antivirus I'd have been dead.
I'm new to Corel's paint software but can only imagine that this is an improvement on an already winning formula. The software is easy enough and helpful for beginners but also has enough to challenge the more adventurous user.The tutorial videos are excellent and unlike other programs I have used don't baffle the user with technicalities, rather then almost "walking through" you next level of achievement. I don't think this is "pro" software, for using in professional graphic applications but it is a great at home set up and use easily.The idea of turning a photograph into a painting is just the beginning as features like smart stroke and online access to professional prints yield amazing results. There are also a wealth of different brushes and finishes like charcoal, and the user palette is very user friendly. I'm still experimenting with the software at a very beginner basic level, but I already notice that (as others have said) the different brush sizes makes a big difference. I'm also fairly certain that the more the program is used (and the more I learn) there will be ample scope for a multitude of uses, that will continue to challenge and excite.
If I were a serious artist, or even more imaginative, Corel Painter 4 would be one of the staples in my toolkit. As it is, I couldn't find anything tremendously practical. In other words, it was cute.The technical capabilities of the program however are incredible! With a digital drawing pad, I can see how flexible one can be with turning normal pictures into works of art. With my mouse and meager artistic capabilities, I played around some with the tools (digital brushes and pencils! Painting with oils tended to bog down my PC, but I have an old one), but I soon realized I couldn't do much with it beyond the fun aspects. I drew a silly horse and painted it, but no one was impressed.For the technical merits, I will give it four stars. Perhaps it's not industrial strength software for experts, but it sure is a lot of fun.
Note: I got this through Vine. I'm not going to repeat the list of features from the product description, but it's certainly a powerful little bit of software. And Corel has thoughtfully provided video tutorials and tutorial images, which lets you pick up key functionality quickly.Making artwork from photos is easy and it's fun to watch the painting process, although some come out a little weird (try doing a "classical oil" on the "chairs" sample image and you'll see - look at the top of the red chair). There is a great range of effects which let amateurs like me get creative in no time. You can also sketch over photos in "tracing paper" fashion, if this doesn't upset your artistic integrity.Another interesting feature is the ability to use the color palette from, say, an image of a painting, and apply that palette to your image. Then you can apply the appropriate painting style to that result.Drawing from scratch? As with any painting program, you'll really need a tablet for best results; if you only have a mouse you need something like Illustrator. The color mixing palette is an interesting feature which any painter will appreciate, and there are keyboard shortcuts for the eyedropping tool, brush size, and so on. Texture effects are available, and can be "blurred" to control the amount of effect.In short, it's a decent introduction to "photo painting" and computer painting in general, with enough ease and power for the casual user.
This is a really cool concept.  I really enjoyed changing pictures of my children to paintings etc.  Very easy to use and a lot of fun.  I would highly recommend this product.
I asked my boss to get this for me, thinking I might find a use for it professionally & personally. I'm a professional artist - mostly paint, photography, and graphic design. I thought this program might be useful for a variety of things: web applications, photography enhancement, portraits, etc. I didn't really find that it lives up to professional expectations.However, it is a cute program, and would be great for a novice who likes to tinker. It is somewhat addictive to play around with the settings and watch it morph - kindof like those digital portrait kiosks in the mall.There were some problems saving certain styles, importing certain style formats, and with the flow of the software. Additionally, I have been considering an investment in a ditigal drawing tablet/stylus, but I'm unsure about whether or not it would be compatible with this. (Freehand with a mouse is always cumbersome)I will say, without hesitation, that I love Corel products. Love, love, love. Because they started out as Mac based, they tend always to be more intuitive than typical windows based programs, and they never seemed to forget their roots. But in this case, the software tended to be a little clunky and a little less intuitive.I also think that they might have made a mistake with the price point on this item. At $100, I'd think this would be a professional or intermediate grade tool. Since it's more designed for amateurs/novices, I'd expect a price point of maybe $39 instead.So who is this for? I really can't see a professional artist ever using this. BUT, if your goal is to tinker, or scrapbook, or if you are looking for a kitchy, fun way to create digical sketches, then this might be perfect for you.
So much about the use of digital resources for art and transferring art( Photos, Drawings,etc) is about selection; so, if you are looking at the Corel class of products go to [...] and click on "Product Selector", which helps a great deal, and should be on the box anyway, since no information like the product selector is available untilafter you get the item and open it( a bit late for informed decisions at that point).Installation is, typically, very simple, and about all you need to check is if you have enough CPU power and memory.Whilst the typical user of this art programme is likely to be of variable skill-sets, most people will need some sort of learning curve.The automated features for transforming a Photo into a  work of art are amazing, but the skill lies in how you set the options, since the auto-features in all modes can produce results, but if you change the settings then the results can be closer or further from what you want .Corel seem to have pre-supposed that these issues exist since they provide thankfully extensive guides, so that instead of doodling around for hours to get a "just so" effect, you can see something close to what you want and then shoot for that.The mouse alone will basically not do the job for this product.Whilst Corel Recommend WACAM, it seems that some might want to go for the Adesso models, or more median priced tablets, since you will need the tablet to get the most out of photo, Drawing and the variety of options available, when they need to be touched up.
When I first saw this product, I thought it'd be like Paint, or Corel Draw, just another drawing program.  I was very wrong.  Painter Essentials 4 allows you to create your own pictures using some of the nicest tools and features I've seen.  I was extremely impressed that you can take a photo (.jpg, .png, .tiff, etc) and create many kinds of pictures such as Oil painting, Water color, Impressionist, etc.  The combinations are huge.  You can set the color, the edges even the kind of paper you want the painting to emulate.Not only that you can paint free-hand as well.And if that's not impressive enough, you can take a scanned picture, and using a digital tracing paper you can re-create the picture and add your own touch to it.Another great feature is that you can use the software with a drawing tablet.  Now, I gave this software 4 stars because, I really couldn't test out the drawing tablet.  If the drawing tablet wasn't totally needed, I'd give it a 5.  What I mean by this is that during the tutorial, there were exercises where you needed to apply varying pressure using the stylist to achieve the right results.  Well, I only have a mouse, so I couldn't thoroughly test this feature.I have Windows Vista, and it installed with no problems.  Runs great.  Doesn't lock up my computer.I highly recommend this program for those who wish to create their own paintings, but don't want to get your hands dirty and don't want to clean brushes.  I know it may not be a substitute for the real thing, but, you can do many things with this software that you couldn't with an actual canvas and brushes.Check this program out.
To get the best results with your photos as a general user, Adobe Photoshop Elements is the only way to go...but, once you have the best photo you can get from Photoshop, use Corel Painter Essentials 4 to add some flair and artist value to your photos.Whether you want to add that something extra to your photos for your scrapbook, greeting card, or art project, Corel Painter Essentials 4 has a wide range of artist tools that will enhance your favorite photos. From Thin Paint and Thick Paint to Watercolor and Drawing Pencils, Corel Painter Essentials 4 offers up a wide array of digital painting tools to turn your photo into an oil painting or pen and ink drawing.Beyond enhancing your photos, Corel Painter Essentials 4 also makes a great blank canvas. Use its wide selection of painting tools to start from scratch and render your vision into a ready to print piece of artwork.Corel Painter Essentials 4 is the light version of the long favorite Corel Painter software used by artistic professionals for years. Now you can get started with an easy to use version that will turn any artist project into the best it can be.Enjoy!
We are a boutique consulting firm, concentrating on market development and on graphics design.  Our PCs use standard businiess programs (Microsoft Office, Sage Act), and our Macs use design programs (Photoshop, page layout, web design, and others).  We need interoperability mostly on Word and Powerpoint, and MS Office for Mac serves us well in that regard.  Over the years we haven't seen any issues with sharing Word, Excel and PowerPoint files on both platforms.Our cross-platform Excel requirements are relatively simple:  we take the Excel data and visualize it in other programs, or take excel tables and format them.  We don't use any advanced Excel functions, so we don't miss the lack of features on the Mac version.Bottom line:  For sharing Word and PowerPoint files between the two platforms, MS Office for Mac is probably the best solution available as it has been absolutely seemless for us.  For sharing Excel files between the two platforms, understand that the Mac does not support advanced Excel features (which are often not an issue anyway).
Yes Mac users, now you too can have all the joy previously reserved to PC users.Just kidding.Office has obviously become the standard, especially MS Word. While one can easily complain that the program has grown with endless features and add-ons that nobody wanted, it's still one of the best word processors out there. I'm not a huge fan of Outlook, but it's standard in many office settings. Excel is likewise pretty standard. So if you must, here it is in all its glory.
I am patiently waiting for our daughter to teach me how to use this effectively.  The program is wonderful as little as I have learned in a few days, but I am a beginner with PowerPoint, Excel, etc.  I am happy to have it and have grand hopes this will allow me to produce the kind of documents I need.  Everything I've tried has worked perfectly.  The only flaw is the guy at the keyboard.
This is much better than other Microsoft Office for Mac software I've had in the past, but still has its own issues.The Pros:-Everything is very pretty and smooth, lookwise.  Icons fit in with current Mac icons.-Documents transferred from older versions came into these programs well.  None of my documents I opened in this (that were previously viewed on my older programs) came in garbled.-All programs are still very easy to use, even without a manuel.-Many different saving options are available, so if you find yourself needing to send a document to a Windows user or a person with a less updated program, you can!The Cons:-The programs are slow to load.  It takes a good half a minute sometimes to open to file I want, however large or small.-Occasionally, it will shut down for no reason.  Thankfully, it does that less often than my older version did.  Just a note, save your work frequently because the Mac versions of Microsoft do tend to quit unexpectedly every now and then.I'm enjoying this version much better than my last (which I have reviewed, as well).  Even with its issues, I haven't seen anything better that is compatible with a Mac and PC users.  If you're looking for a basic programs for your new Mac, this is a good one.
I've owned a lot of Macs over the years (starting before that with an Apple Lisa of all things) but these days I'm primarily a Windows user and have not looked at Office for the Mac since it's first few versions years ago. So when Apple offered to let me play with a review copy of Office for Mac I thought it would be fun to see how it compares to Office on Windows.The Mac version provides good compatibility and pretty much the same functionality as the Windows version, and manages to do it in a Mac-style that won't have you always feeling like you're running a Windows app.As a few seconds reading these reviews will tell you, Microsoft was unable to provide Visual Basic for Applications support in this version, so if you're on an older version and have dependencies on this then you probably don't want to upgrade, but for the rest of us who don't write applications  in Office, it's probably not an issue.So what really is there to say about Office for the Mac?Well, it's Office. For the Mac.For a lot of people this probably tells you all you need to know if you're moving over to the Mac for the first time or working in an environment where Office is the de-facto standard for document interchange. If you're used to office on Windows, this will give you the closest experience in terms of functionality you're familiar with, and it does it in a very "Mac" way.If you know you need it, or you know you hate it (or both) then you're probably not reading this review. For everyone else, Office for Mac is a complete office application suite that works well in the Mac environment. Chances are it will offer 10x the features that you'll ever use, just like its Windows counterpart.G.
I will be honest, I'm not a big MAC person. Yes, I have one, and yes I use it. But, my primary computer is Windows *gasp* Vista. Anyway, the one thing I missed using my Macbook was the Office program. So, I installed this version on the MAC, and within ten minutes I was able to open the documents I needed. The Interface is a bit different, but then again I'm not a big MAC guy, so maybe that's why. The functionality is there for anyone who needs basic Office stuff. I've read other reviews that it's missing some Power User features, but since I'm not a power user I don't know.Bottom Line: If you have a MAC and need to do the basic Office stuff, then this product will give you what you need. If you are a Power User and want to do Expert type of stuff on Office, you should really compare all the versions and read all the reviews to make sure the product you buy will do what you need it to.
Fundamentally, Office hasn't changed since the early versions. Each subsequent version adds gets polished and rereleased with minor versions.The full version of Office has an additional benefit over the Home/Student Edition: Exchange support. My company is a Microsoft shop, and I was able to configure Entourage to work with this no problem. It was rather easy, and that's helpful. It also has Automator support, which is helpful if you do repetitive tasks and want an easy solution to save time and hassle.The real big benefit of Office 2008 over Office 2004 is the fact that this is a Universal Binary, so it'll run native code on the newer Intel-based Macs (pretty much everything that's been released in the last 2-3 years). On my Macbook, Office 2008 runs quite faster than an older copy of Office 2004 I was using.Not to retread over the countless reviews on Amazon but here are my selling points:1) The UI's been revamped, giving it a look and feel of iWork. Word 2008 is more of a desktop publishing app than Pages. Excel has remained the same, and Powerpoint has caught up to Keynote with fancy graphics/transitions.2) Entourage has gained leaps and bounds beyond the native Email app, but still lags behind Outlook.The bottom line is that if you don't need either Microsoft Exchange support or Automator support, then don't buy this. Instead, spend money on the Home and Student edition.
While many power users used to the more technical features of Office may find Office 2008 for Mac lacking, it works great for what I want it to do!Word is effectively the standard format for documents in the American business world, and most of my employers use Exchange as their email server. Therefore, what I most want from my office suite is something that 1. works well reading and writing Word documents and 2. provides a way to connect to my employer's Exchange server and properly handle its calendars, meeting requests, etc.Office 2008 for Mac just does that! I pulled up and edited my old PC Office-created Word resume with no problem, and haven't experienced major issues reading any other Word document yet. The Exchange capabilities of Entourage work like a charm, let you accept and send meeting requests and generally enable you do all of the things you're used to doing with Outlook, but can't currently do with Mac Mail. The simple Excel spreadsheets I used for timesheets pulled up in Mac Excel without a hitch and Messenger and Powerpoint are nice-to-haves.For better or worse (I say better), the interface for Office 2008 for Mac isn't the ribbon interface you may be used to with Office 2007 for PC, but after getting used to the Mac's Office interface, I actually found it easier to use!I miss having applications like OneNote (though Word has a similar "Notebook" mode), InfoPath and Visio, the forthcoming version of Mac Mail diminishes Entourage's value by providing Exchange support and power-users of Office may miss features like the ability to hack together VBA macros (the Mac Workflows are a bit more limited), but for most business users, Office 2008 for Mac will suit their needs perfectly and provide the necessary hook into the Microsoft Office suite that currently dominates the business landscape.Overall, I'd recommend the package and think it's an essential purchase for most business users especially since SP2 added Live Workspace and SharePoint integration. However, with Mac Mail gaining Exchange support and because there are several programs for PC Office that don't come with Office 2008 for Mac, the Mac suite loses a star in my eyes.
It works as advertised.  I have both MAC and PC platforms and for MAC there are cheaper solutions available that do the same things.  MAC is a greeat platform for open source apps.  IF you want total compatibility with PC Word and other Office suite products then this product should be your choice.
I've just started a new job where the office primarily uses macs.  (This is the first time this has ever happened!)  I needed to decide whether to try to stick it out on a PC or to switch over to Mac.  The existence of the full office suite for Mac that is totally compatible and sharable with PC users was a key factor in going with a Mac!I've just completed the install and will update this review with more detailed feedback shortly.
Microsoft Office 2008 for Mac is a very cleanly designed, easy-to-use version of the Office product line. I haveMicrosoft Office Home and Student 2007for my PC, but I much prefer the 2008 Mac version. 2008 just seems to have a more intuitive user interface, especially in Word. (I have to admit, though, that Word is far and away the application that I use the most out of the Office suite.)
Microsoft Office is the de facto king of office productivity software and is unlikely to be dethroned any time soon. Word, Excel and Powerpoint are the workhorses of nearly all businesses, organizations, and schools so there is little point in purchasing a competitor's product. Everyone else uses Office, so for maximum compatibility, Office is the way to go if you are going to be sharing documents with other people.If you don't already own Office, this is a no-brainer of a purchase, since there are few options to choose from in the home/office productivity software market, particularly for the Mac platform (I can think of only iWorks and OpenOffice). The interface is improved over Office 2004, which I've been using for 3 years, with a row of new, bigger buttons under the standard toolbar (shown in the screenshots I added to the product gallery).If you already own an older version of Office (like 2004), there is no compelling reason to upgrade. I do not see an appreciable difference besides the cleaner and more neatly arranged GUI. Microsoft may add a few bells and whistles here and there and give it a new version number/year, but the core remains 3 programs that basically don't change very much over time.A great buy if you don't already have Office (currently as low as $80 used). A pass if you do.
Many people have a love/hate relationship with Microsoft Office: they wish it was more intuitive & less expensive, and yet they are familiar with it & know that it is nearly universally used in school & workplace.So what if you have a new Mac?  Office is still a sound choice, especially the lower priced "home and student" edition.  You get the big three: Word, Excel, & PowerPoint.  What are your alternatives?  You could go for Apple's iWork, whose apps mirror those of Microsoft with a lower price.  Many think that Keynote is easier & more stylish than Powerpoint, & Pages definitely has more power and versatility than Word.  Or, you could go for some excellent open source (free) applications available over the internet.  My choice?  I actually have both iWork and Office installed on my MacBook, & use them both.  What if you have an earlier version of Office installed, is it worth the upgrade?  The changes from 2007 and 2006 are relatively minor & for most users do not justify the price tage of an ugrade.
Office 2008 is a big improvement over its previous version. Easier groupings with the toolbox and better spelling, grammar, and fragmented sentence corrections.Others has said that H&S; is the cheapest of the versions out there and their right. You get Word, Excel, Power Point, Messenger, and Entourage (Like Outlook). You also can install it on 3 different computers. If you get your email from an Exchange server, this version of Office will not work for you. Entourage in the H&S; edition doesn't support exchange. You will have to get one of the more expensive versions of Office, their Entourage does support Exchange. The Messenger for Mac doesn't support video chat. This is disappointing since iChat doesn't support MSN.Another downside of this excellent product is it's startup time. It is by far the slowest thing to open on my MacBook Pro. Photoshop, InDesign, and other large programs start up faster than Word or Excel. Although I have to say that once they are started they don't seem to pull too much of my system resources.
Microsoft Office 2008 for Mac Home & Student EditionI am running on a Mac Mini G4 1.42 GHz with 512MB RAM. This is a "REAL" Mac. Not one of those fancy new Intel Macs. This was a Mac when it was faster than any Intel PC, or so we were told. I'm writing this review in Word and it still works quite well after you wait about 30 seconds for it to load. I also use MS Office 2007 Small Business Edition on my PC and this version compares very well to that one. This one is more Mac like and doesn't use the "Ribbon" interface of the Vista variant. For Mac people that's a good thing, because nothing "Vista" is good. Well, not really. While the Mac interface is nice, comparatively, it looks ancient to the Ribbon bar. Yet, it's a year later. So maybe MS decided to keep the Ribbon for Vista and Windows 7. If you have a G4 prepare to wait. But, if you're running any modern software on a G4 you're used to waiting anyway.Entourage is the answer to Outlook. It's pretty good as a mail client and contact and appointment organizer. It also successfully synced to my Mobile Me account. It's much slicker than the Mac Mail client but you'd hope it was for a for sale product.  It is nice to have mail contacts and calendar in one program as it belongs. This is the best reason for Entourage, consolidation of the obvious. Apple insists they be separate.Excel and Powerpoint are the more business oriented, apps included in Office. They function well and as expected but on a G4 a little slowly.  Excel provides spreadsheet capabilities and Powerpoint, does presentations.A bonus app is Microsoft Messenger. Readily available on the web, but included in this app for easy installation.Overall a very comprehensive package, for around $100.  It competes favorably with the free open source office apps like "Open Office".  It also is the standard by which other office apps are measured and keeps that lead in check. My only reservation is if you have an older Mac, PowerPC based. Maybe you will find it too slow.  I plan on upgrading my Mini soon, if Apple refreshes the line. If I do, I'll add an addendum to this review. My guess is slowness will be a thing of the past.
Overall this office suite is excellent.  A word of cautiuon for those who use Excel for Scientific and technical work: Visual Basic(entire suite) and the Analysis Toolpack have been removed from Excel 2008.  This applies to all office versions. Be careful that Microsoft is not in fact selling you a "downgrade".
This version of Office contains Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Entourage 2008 and Microsoft Messenger.  The notable omission from this product is Outlook.  While Entourage is a good email program, it has limited functionality when connecting to a Microsoft Exchange mail server. Exchange is a very common mail server for businesses.  The amount of features available depends on the version of Exchange your company is running. Since Outlook has full functionality with any Exchange server, if you are going to take your Mac to work, you should consider a version of Office with Outlook.On the plus side, Microsoft gives you 3 licenses with this product.  Included are 3 serial numbers that you can use on 3 different computers. You get full versions of Word, Excel, and PowerPoint... the corporate standards for word processing, spreadsheets, and graphic presentations.  The new 2008 versions of these programs contain a lot of new features (too many to list here, you can go to Microsoft's website and search for Office 2008 for a list).  Installation is easy.  Office runs fast and seems to be bug free. If you don't need the extra programs that come in the other versions of Office (Outlook, Access, etc), this version is a very good deal.
I use this almost entirely for spreadsheets and I'm pleased.  Over all I think that this whole package is well designed.  I guess I'm more of a casual user because I do not notice a lot of the flaws that others have pointed out.  I'll update my review if I see anything else, but so far I'm very pleased.
I'll admit,  I am mainly a Windows guy, but I do have a Mac and need to use office for work.  So, using office on the Mac seemed to be a bit of a necessity to have the easiest collaboration between my computers and with colleagues. I was a bit hesitant to put any Microsoft software on my Mac, but I went ahead with it and I am glad that I did.As a primarily Windows user, I always have to take a bit to acquaint myself with programs on Mac, but I found using Office on the Mac to be fairly easy to pick up.  I do prefer the Office 2007 interface on my Windows computer, but that is somewhat unrelated.Overall, I found the Powerpoint, Word, and Excel to work great, but I did not really like Entourage or have a real need for it.  If you need to connect to a work email through Exchange, then Entourage is going to be your best bet on the Mac.  I think that any user who needs to regularly collaborate spreadsheets, presentations, or word processing documents is going to find that just going with Office is going to be their best best.
This is an easy to install and run accounting package for small businesses.  It has all of the tools necessary to manage inventory, accounts (rec. & pay.), as well as payroll (for an ad-on monthly fee).SQL 2005 is installed on the backend as the database.  This wouldn't be a good solution for larger shops that have database know-how, but is great for the non-techie.
This seems to be an excellent product, but it is clearly designed for the business user and not individuals, thus, I am not able to really evaluate it fully.
If you've used the previous versions, this one is no different. A couple extra features but nothing big. I think most people like myself become spoiled over time from how easy this program really is to use and find ourselves frustrated when it doesn't do everything just perfect.This program is incredibly simple, offers just about everything you could ask for in reporting, 3rd party integration, emailing, creating sales and purchase transactions, taking care of your taxes, automatically sending your file to your accountant, I could go on for a while. Get it, it's the only accounting software I would recommend to anyone.
I operate a one-person consultancy. Microsoft Office Accounting Professional 2008 has a template for consulting firms with no employees. Sounds great, doesn't it?Well it is and it isn't.I can't speak for other consultancies. Mine is very simple and this program is overkill.Installation is relatively straight-forward, although non-accountants (like me) will find the set-up just as mystifying as with any other accounting program. Operation is kind of on the slow side, but the user interface is good.I found no negatives in the application,but I suspect that is because my business needs are so minimal. Judging from the help files, the application is very capable, but I question its adaptability to very small business environments like mine.Jerry
As a longtime Quickbooks user, I was interested in trying out Microsoft Office's accounting software and seeing how it compared.  With a fairly small business of around 25 people, the features of the product sounded like they would suit our company well, and I was looking forward to abandoning Quickbooks as it is a huge memory hog.  Installation went well, but it tried to install several programs I didn't need.  I strongly suggest first time users run the customized installation and remove anything they don't want, the double check their startup folder and remove the programs it puts there if it is running slowly for you.  I have 2 GB of memory and the software seemed fairly sluggish, even compared to Quickbooks.  The first thing I did was setup payroll for 5 employees, which was insanely easy to do and took maybe 30 minutes.  The interface is easy to use if you're familiar with Vista, since it integrates fairly well with it (and Office).  Handling invoices was pretty decent as well, although I prefer the more detailed features of Quickbooks.  Office Accounting does integrate with Paypal and Outlook, and Ebay however, which made creating invoices for these transaction very simple, and I could definitely see how it would save time.For mid to small businesses (10-30 people), Microsoft Office Accounting 2008 is well worth the price, especially when compared to Quickbooks, although I would take Quickbooks over it with larger businesses any day.  I got the distinct feeling that Office Accounting is designed more toward the self-employed entrepreneur who has an eBay business rather than mid-sized companies.  Smaller businesses should check out Office Accounting Express (which is available from Microsoft as a free download) before paying the money for the full version.  It has a lot of the same features and it could be that's all you need.
I've been a user of CorelDraw for a long time.  I'm always leery when new versions of a trusted product come out. Sometimes the changes in newer versions are more cumbersome that constructive. However, Corel's X4 version is satisfying.The product contains good improvements over earlier versions that are both user friendly and visually attractive. This upgraded version has improvements in both the graphic design and desktop publishing elements that are both substantial and valuable. There are tons of included templates that make the software practical and useful for both new and seasoned users of CorelDraw.Though somewhat pricey for the full version, considering its utility in both graphic design/drawing and desktop publishing and its user friendly set up, I believe that the product is an investment that is well worth the cost.
CorelDraw Graphics Suite X4 is a very solid program. It does most of what Adobe Illustrator does (vector-based graphic design) and much of what Adobe InDesign does (desktop publishing) in one handy application.CorelDraw would be an ideal solution for a small business or organization that does a fair amount of advertising-creation and publication design in-house. With one application (well-priced when compared to buying both Illustrator and InDesign), the content creator can achieve very professional results.The app is also friendly to first-time users. It offers more than 80 customizable document templates that will be useful to newbies. While there is still a learning curve for new users, the app has an intuitive interface that will help get the user up and running relatively quickly.The problem for CorelDraw is that Illustrator has become the default vector app in the design/pre-press community. Professionals should still start with Illustrator and Quark and/or InDesign -- they're the industry standards. While CorelDraw is very good, it would need to be awesome to unseat Illustrator, and that isn't going to happen anytime soon.CorelDraw has new file formats that enable docs to be shared between CorelDraw and Adobe apps. This is handy, but also shows which format and apps are the most common -- Adobe's. If you're in a design situation where you're going to have to worry about your files working in Adobe formats, you should just go ahead and use Adobe products.Another thing: Because the Adobe products are the standard, there are numerous training DVDs and books to purchase that can help you get the most out of your apps. With CorelDraw, not so much.I feel bad for good apps like CorelDraw. I wish I could talk just about the app itself and not bring in a discussion about Adobe's competitive products, but given the way the design industry works -- or any technology-based industry, for that matter -- you always have to bring the front-running application into the mix.That being said, if you're not a graphic designer or a pre-press operator but are instead a multitasking, Windows-based employee at a company or organization who has been put in charge of creating brochures, pamphlets and the like, CorelDraw will answer your needs very well. If you're someone who doesn't need to share files often with design colleagues, publishing clients or service bureaus (who are most likely using Adobe apps almost exclusively), then you have no worries.BTW, if you're already using CoreDraw, it's worth the upgrade. The font-identifying tool alone makes it worth it, at least for me.
I've been an amateur Photoshop user for several years now, so I looked forward to this new software package from Corel. It contains seemingly all the capabilities of Photoshop, along with many other features. With so many different elements it would be easy for the program to grow too confusing for the novice user, but I didn't have that problem. Granted, I wasn't trying to do anything too complicated with it. But I didn't have any problem figuring out how to do the tasks I wanted.Obviously this program comes with a fairly steep price tag. But that's true of all of the advanced graphics editing programs. So potential buyers should consider if they really need a program with all these features before they spend this much money. If they do, this is definitely a worthwhile program to consider. But if you're only looking to perform relatively simple tasks, you can probably find something much cheaper.Bottom line: the program did everything I wanted it to, but for my needs it was overkill. However, those users who demand more from their software will likely be pleased with it as well.
This is a very powerful, yet easy to use, drawing program for the computer.  Plus it has many options for working with images.  I have found it to be invaluable in my web development work in a very short period of time.
I've never used any other vector graphics program so unfortunately, I have nothing other than Adobe Photoshop to which to compare CorelDRAW X4.  After a short use, I'd say that Photoshop is better if all you want to do is work on photographs, with a little text thrown in, but for projects such as creating event invitations, business cards, work presentations, etc., CorelDRAW gives you more options.  I can't speak to whether this is the best program for professionals so I won't even try.  For the serious amateur, this program certainly does everything you could possibly want.  If you are completely new to these sorts of programs, however, you're going to need some outside training.  Although Corel X4 comes with a number of terrific training videos that are part of the regular installation package, they are largely geared to people who have used previous versions of CorelDRAW.  They definitely help, and they are really well done, but even when combined with the wonderful booklet titled "CorelDRAW HANDBOOK Insights from the Experts," which comes with the package, you are still likely to be confused as there is so much that you can do with this program.There is plenty of onscreen help as well as a Quick Reference Card to  help you use the program intelligently.  The package comes with a good-sized binder of fonts, clipart, photos, and other objects which are included with the program, which also has a nifty internet lookup feature, which lets you search the web for additional items that you can use at no cost or that you can purchase.  There is apparently a direct interface for this lookup if you are using Windows Vista.  I am running this with Windows XP, so I can't speak to the enhanced user interface that you get with Vista.  Which brings me to a good point - I had no problem installing this program on a two year old lap-top, but ever since I installed it, I have been having problems with my computer.  It could be a coicidence, but you do need a pretty up-to-date system with a fast processor and a fair amount of free memory, and you must be running Windows.  Check the system requirements before you buy.Once you figure out what you are dealing with, you can create all kinds of text and graphics and tables using this program.  If you're not sure where to start, Corel X4 comes with all sorts of professional templates that you can use as a starting point.  So, for instance, if you want to create a menu for a dinner party you can start with one of the ones that is already included as a template and mess around with it, changing the font and the colors, softening the lines of the pictures, easily drawing stars and other shapes, going back and forth between ideas, and free handing anything you like with a variety of tools.  If you really like what you've created, you can save it not only as a user file but as an additional template.  The program lets you do pretty much everything that you can do in Photoshop, e.g., creating layers, dodging and burning, adjusting lighting, changing the color palette, adding text, etc., but there's a great deal of additional formatting available.  From the packaging itself and the quality of the included materials it's clear that Corel means business.  It's a gorgeous program that lets you do all sorts of things and gives you just about as much help as you could possibly want for something this complicated.  But make no mistake - this is a serious program and if you've never used anything like it before you should probably plan on taking a class or, at the very least, buying an in-depth book or online tutorial.With apologies for this review, which probably isn't what most people are looking for, I will just finish by saying that there is so much in this package and that it would take someone like me (that is, someone without a lot of familiarity with graphics programs) more than a couple of months to really get the hang of this and do a meaningful comparison with Photoshop.  All I can really tell you is that if I needed a program such as this and were just starting out with vector graphics, I would seriously consider this one.
For those wondering if CorelDRAW Graphics Suite X4 brings enough to the table to justify an upgrade, consider yourself invited to the buffet. X3 was nice, but overall X4 runs much smoother and integrates many more uses and tools, making it well worth the investment. Truly a leader in illustration and design, Corel has changed around their entire interface for X4, along with making everything easier to use with Vista. Another nice addition is the access to WhatTheFont online, which is a great resource for identifying fonts and using them in your own design work. Another huge upgrade over X3 is the Photo-Paint application, which really adds to the value of the overall package. In the end, Corel has managed to seamlessly integrate almost everything included in this bundle, providing an almost endless supply of resources and tools to get your ideas off and running. The only downside may be this is a difficult program to learn for a beginner, or someone more familiar with Adobe software and interface. If you are new to Corel, be prepared to spend a few hours getting used to everything, and don't be too concerned with failure when trying different features. Once you get it down, it is worth the trouble.
Writing this review has been on my to-do list for a long time. That's because this is a wonderful product, with one big drawback. I've been hoping either to find other drawbacks that could justify a less enthusiatic review, or a solution to that one flaw.CorelDRAW Graphics Suite will do everything you want it to do, whether you're creating brochures or websites or scrapbook pages. The learning curve is no steeper that it has to be for a product with this robust a range of options. The images and fonts included will come in handy over and over.The only problem is: everyone else you work with will probably be using Adobe. You will have issues when you collaborate with others, you won't find tutorials that work for you, you won't be able to swap tips at the water cooler.If that doesn't matter to you, then this is pretty much the perfect graphics package.
I use Photoshop CS3 and Capture NX to work with digital images. I welcomed the opportunity to work with and review CorelDRAW graphics Suite X4, during my short inclusion as an Amazon Voice member.Let me start by saying that this is a very complex piece of software, not for the novice. As soon as I opened Corel Photo Paint (the software consists of two main pieces of software: 1) Photo Paint and 2) Corel Draw) the interface looked intuitive and simple. But when I began to try and do some things that I typically do in PS or NX, I was LOST! This should not be surprising, these are all different pieces of software!That said, within a few minutes I had discovered some of the elementary image adjustment functions and really liked how they were arranged. To adjust color, saturation, brightness, and a few other parameters, open up the image adjustment lab and go.The program runs VERY quickly on my Dell XPS 720, Windows XP SP3 box with 3 meg ram, fast HD, and decent video card.The software is vast and this review only chronicles my initial impressions. It takes time to get used to new software but my initial impressions lead me to believe that I will be exploring this software further.
I must admit that I've been using Adobe and Macromedia Programs (now the same company) for almost 20 years and that is probably true for most of us as well. Saying that it's a small learning curve to get used to, and comfortable with something else, is a bit of an understatement. But in truth, CorelDraw X4 isn't really that complicated for the general user.Any self-respecting Adobe user can (somewhat) quickly find their way around the multiple tools and options to do some of the same things that they always have with their own graphics programs. And that includes everything from Illustrator to Paint Shop Pro to MS Paint.The real question in trying to absorb new users from the existing pool of high-dollar software programs is a simple one. Why would I purchase this product for almost $400 over another similar product that I'm more familiar with, has books that can be purchased new, used or even discount? Why would I make an expensive leap into unchartered territory? Let's see if I can quell some of those fears and thoughts.I was on the fence about writing a feature based review on this, but most people browsing this program can easily read the features available by the very large product page that Amazon has available here, Corel's Website and many of the possible downloads that Corel offers to help new users become more acquainted with CorelDraw X4. But most people just want to know a few things, and most importantly:1. Is CorelDraw X4 similar enough to other front-runner programs to make the program easy to use and understand?Answer: Yes. It is similar enough, although there are several differences that limit your experience until you consult the manual numerous times. The learning curve isn't bad, but you may have a few frustrating moments.2. CorelDrawX4 is expensive. Is it worth my money to invest in this or spend a little more and buy a similar Adobe Product.Answer: This program is in direct competition with Adobe Illustrator, which retails for $600. But to be fair, Adobe provides many more feature rich options and few other well-needed programs for that near-same coin.3. Is this program similar in use and applications to Adobe Photoshop?Answer: While I've personally used Adobe Illustrator to manipulate and process my photos and other art work for years, and you can use CorelDraw X4 for your photos, it's probably not the best suited program for this type of application as Photo Programs are going through a sort of renaissance of features which the entire industry and world is now fully embracing digital. The new Adobe Photoshop CS3 is a must have for Amateur, Prosumer and Professional Photographers alike.4. This program comes with a large collection of clip art, fonts, stock photos and other design templates. Are they base and low end or can they be used for professional purposes?Answer: If you run a design company, or a T-Shirt Printing business (hint), this program is definitely for you and the added stock images, etc. can be used with strong results. They are not cheesy add-ons that come attached to the program like other companies offer. The flip book is a blessing for quick reference and the shortcut chart, well ... that's a standard these days. Who can live without a shortcut chart? Not me.5. I've heard bad things about their Customer Service and their ability or desire to help the end-user over the phone, is this true?Answer: Unfortunately, from all the word on the street, this is true. I called Corel and was met with a labyrinth of machine options that resembled the 'Hitch-Hiker's Guide to the Galaxy' and 'Zork' -- early-age, text-only video games. If you wish to go left ... press 5. And so on ... it was maddening. They did provide a different Customer Service phone number for Reviewers, but I found that making a 2 tier system for Reviewers and Users disingenuous and unflattering for Corel and abstained in following through after I dialed the number and a human answered on the second ring. But let's be honest, most companies offer little to no Customer Service over the phone anymore, Microsoft included. Usually you have to drop coin for it.Overall, this is a program for Designers, Web Developers and Graphic Artists within the digital medium. This is a strong and stable program that does what it promises and with use of the free on-line tutorials, one can only get better.
This product is without peer, it is used by virtually every IT person I know.  It is easy to use and does a good job.
I've been a fan of Norton products since the old DOS based Systemworks days and have also been a fan of their antivirus product.  In the past few years, they've made some acquisitions in order to offer complete security products.  Their firewall didn't play nice with the antivirus so I ended up dropping them for competing software.With Ghost, I decided to give them another chance to see how it does backing up my hard drive.  I have to hand it to them, the process was simple and smooth and easy to understand.  For a simple backup program the procedure was painless.  Backups using Ghost are much quicker than straight copying.  I was able to copy about 100GB of data in about 30 min and the resulting images take up about 20% less space.  They also include options to backup your My Documents folder and MSIE favorites links (why no Firefox?)  If you believe your computer was infected with a virus, you also get an antivirus scanner as part of the recovery tools.  That said, it has to be Norton AV in order for you to get the most recent updates or you're stuck with the older scanner on disk.  Another nice feature is a driver "verification" feature that scans the drivers in your computer to make sure any necessary drivers in your computer are included on the recovery CD in case your computer fails.  If something is missing, you can burn a custom recovery CD that will include all the drivers you will need.Scheduling backups is a simple and easily configurable process but they want you to image your backups.  A drive to drive copy utility is included but it doesn't seem as automated as the imaging process.  Plus you're not allowed to use it during trial mode.  They do include utilities that assist you in copying to external drives or an offsite location via FTP.  Another utility is included that will browse your image if you're only looking to recover a few files or folders.  As long as your computer will boot from CD you should be able to start the recovery process via the recovery CD.Gripes:1) My firewall kept notifying me Ghost was trying to connect to the Internet during the installation process without giving me a reason why.  My refusal likely added a few extra minutes as it sat there trying to connect.  Eventually it did install without problems.2) Micro$oft has included a "security feature" which will cause the recovery to automatically reboot after 72 hours.  In other words, you only have 72 hours to fix your problem if a drive fails.3) In spite of all the recommendations about testing the recovery there doesn't seem to be any real way to verify backups were done properly unless you do a complete recovery.  These seems strange to me but perhaps I'm missing something.4) Once installed Ghost is always present and running.  They don't give us the option to shut down the program manually.  While I didn't experience any problems, if it turns out the program or one of their running processes interferes with another one of your programs, tough luck for you.5) Not allowing you to test the drive to drive copying method before registering is pretty retarded.UPDATE 3/22/09: The subject of restorationI wanted to address this issue specifically since this is where Ghost is getting a lot of complaints.  Restoration does work, at least for my aging system and its EIDE hard drives.  However the process itself is confusing and not very intuitive, much of the problem is caused by the program itself.I had an opportunity to play around with the program extensively as one of my hard drives failed.  With a new hard drive and a lot of extra space to work with I decided to see how well it works restoring my Windows XP system.  I started by making a number of incremental backups of my system drives.  I then restored the latest incremental backup to a formatted drive and the complete system transferred successfully and was able to boot.  The problem I had was, once the restoration wizard started, there was no way to get additional information from the help files about the process unless I cancelled and started over.  Yes, even a simple help button was missing.  This can lead an unexperienced user to make a number of mistakes, i.e. "Restore original disk signature?  Uh.. I dunno."  Another retarded exclusion by Norton.  They need to expand on what happens when you do or don't select each option.  Ghost needs to guide the user through the process, not assume they know everything.  Finally, once the process was finished I also noticed the drive letters were rearranged in my system.  This may or may not be the fault of Ghost as Windows XP has an annoying habit of doing this, but it can create problems with programs that are searching for files or folders in a specific drive letter.  Once that was fixed (Administrative Tools/Computer Management/Disk Management) the recovery worked fine.My experience with drive-to-drive copying was not so successful.  Perhaps that was why they didn't let us test it out in trial mode.  The copy was performed successfully, very quickly in fact (about 17GB in 9min), and the system did boot.  The problem was the system drive became a different drive letter.  Frankly I don't even know how to get the drive back to the standard C:\.  It even stuck the system paging file on one of my other drives that was renamed C:\.  There also seemed to be some problems accessing the boot.ini file using the tools on the recovery CD.  Any time I tried to access the file the program would crash.So where does this leave us?  At this point I'm torn.  I do like how quickly the backups are done and the compression done by the imaging system is nice in saving space.  My initial experience shows Ghost does recover a system drive with some fussing.  However I have been using another program called Casper XP for years.  It does exactly what you want it to do, copies a partition or an entire drive without any hassles whatsoever.  You don't even have to change the cables around inside your computer.  If your main system drive has a problem, simply make your other drive the boot drive (usually a simple change in your BIOS) and everything boots up perfectly.  Until Ghost finally gets it right and works as well as Casper, I don't think I'll switch.  Since Ghost's imaging system does save disk space, I may keep it around to backup nonessential files on a periodic basis.Hope the review helped.
Norton Ghost is a program that let's you back up your computer in the following ways:1. Drive based backup: Backups the complete disk drive. This is my choice... if the hard disk fails, I can put in a new drive and get the system back in less than an hour.  I also use this type of back up to refresh my system every few months... I install a new copy of Windows and all of my basic software, run a backup and anytime my system gets junked up and running slow, I just restore it back.2. File and folder based backup: This backs up selected files and folders. Faster backing up but a lot longer to get a crashed system restored. You have to reinstall windows and all of your software before restoring the data.3. Drive copy:  Very useful when you want to upgrade your hard disk to a larger one.Ghost also has some nice features:1. The ability to backup to another hard disk or a network drive.2. The option to create a recovery disk specific to your computer. This option creates a CD or DVD with the drivers from your computer that will boot it so that you can run Ghost to recover your hard disk.  You can create a generic one, but the specific one is much safer.3. The option to back up another computer from yours (assuming your connected via a network).4.Conversion to a Virtual Disk format:  This is not a backup but something you do to a backup. This converts a drive based backup to an image that can be run in VMware or Microsoft's Virtual Server. If you don't know what it is, you don't need it (and most people don't).  This is the one function that didn't work for me.  I tried to load a Vista image in VMware and after a load of messages about Vista configuring things, it crashed.Conclusion:As is typical with Symantec products, It works and works well (except for the Virtual Disk format using VIsta and VMware).  The software is fairly easy to use, but if you're new to this type of software you will need to read the manual.
I recently lost my entire hard drive after 362 days of use. Incredibly, I was able to bring it in to Best Buy (even though it was purchased at Sam's Club) and they fixed it for me under warranty. The downside of it was they asked if I had backed up my hard drive, and even offered to reinstall everything if I had the backup. Unfortunately, I did not. I was so sad to see hundreds of MP3's, photos, advertising, and marketing materials vanish in an instant.Now if I only had Norton Ghost this would not have been a problem. When I had the opportunity to try this product out I jumped on it, never wanting the above scenario to play out again. I immediately created a full backup of my entire hard drive and slept a little better that night.When I started up Norton Ghost again it asked me to create the full hard drive back up again! This was because I had run a "one time backup" rather than creating a backup that would include a recovery point. Okay, so 38 CD's times 2 later I now I have a full backup of my system and a full backup with a recovery point. Word of advice: buy an external hard drive to manage your backups. It will make your life so much easier.The software is slightly confusing to use, it certainly could have included a wizard to guide non-experts. I would have liked an interface that asked me questions and defined a backup plan for me based upon my answers.On the positive side, the software installed quickly and easily, and the backups run in the background with little overall system slowdown.
As I've noted elsewhere, I am not one of the world's great computer mavens. Therefore I can only offer a very "lay" opinion. But, in that context, Ghost 14.0, the follow-up to 12, apparently (and REALLY, are we still all such victims of triskadeckaphobia (sic)... REALLY?) seems to be evertything its creators claim. It installs easily; backs up what its supposed to (and some things you wouldn't even think of) and "feels" just about right in giving the user confidence in its capabilities. What more can one want?
Norton Ghost is ideal for people who can't trust themselves to regularly back-up their data as well as for those who want to create restore points for their systems. You can schedule daily back-ups and/or restore points. There is a great deal of flexibility regarding exactly what data is automatically backed up including backing up only your documents or your entire hard drive and I recommend anyone who purchases this software take the time to customize the settings to make sure that they are backing up everything they need. It'll save you from being disappointed later when it seems Ghost missed making a copy of something crucial.One point to keep in mind about Ghost is that it runs rather sluggishly on older machines. My PC is a single processor 1.8 Ghz consumer model with a decent amount of memory and it takes a very long time for the application to launch when I wanted to alter settings (such as the scheduled time for back-ups). For a back-up utility application, I think it's a bit on the piggish side and that's why I deducted one star from my rating. Also, if I attempted to do some other tasks while Ghost was backing up, my computer ran slowly so those that use it on older machines would be better off setting the back up time for some time when they are away from their computers.
At first I was enthusiastic about Norton 360, Version 2. I installed it on computers with both Microsoft XP and Vista Home Premium operating systems.  I previously had Norton Internet Security installed on both, so I thought it was just an upgrade.  For this reason I gave the program 4 stars.  Now I'm not sure.After two months the XP operating system ran without any problems either on Visa or XP.  But then the new computer running on Vista crashed.  I lost all my files and had to access the recovery portion of the hard drive to get the computer to boot.  Then I had to download all the security downloads.  I have only dial-up so this has taken many hours.  And I have to reinstall all the programs I use - and delete the junk programs that came with the HP computer.  What a mess, and what a lot of work. Even the backup disk, created with Norton 360 didn't work as I hoped.  I do have all the files on the disk, but they did not all reload after I fixed the crash.Update 3/1/09:  Maybe the problem was with the operating system, Vista Home Premium; or maybe it was Norton 360.  And maybe the glitch was repaired with a later update I download.  Anyway, the problem hasn't manifested itself since I reinstalled everything. Furthermore, I must admit, the problem never did occur with the WinXP operating system.  Also, it should be noted that the program I'm using has been updated with a new version.Update 6/7/09:  I have continued to use Norton 360, Ver. 2.0, for another three months with Vista and WinXP and have had no new problems. Actually, I have grown to like Norton 360 and now rely on it with confidence.  It has reported stopping over a hundred threats and has stopped me cold when I accidentally entered several attack sites.
I have been using the 1.0 version for about 4-6 months now and took advantage of the opportunity to upgrade to the 2.0 version of this security suite. The upgrade was painless, just as the original installation was (changed over from Norton Internet Security). I run an Intel Duo 8400 with 4GB on Vista Ultimate and have not really noticed any slowing from the resident portions of the program or the occasional background scans and optimizations. Indeed this version seems somewhat less resource greedy than the 1.0 version.The suite offers the basic features of most security suites: firewall, virus protection, spyware and intrusion protection, email scanning, system backups, etc. About the only thing missing from some other suites, like McAfee's Total Protection is Spam filtering (there was so much promise with Bayesian filtering combined with a white list, that I fail to see why it is not included in most suites, works better than Outlook's filtering). The only down side of the initial installation is the need to step through a somewhat lengthy setup process for the various features.So, the good news is that if you really do not want to be bothered with this stuff, 360, once setup, will manage it all for you (I hate doing backups, so for me that is just fine). However, as a two decade veteran software engineer I am not really fond of having my hand held, and I think I know better, than the default settings, how I want my system setup. Modifying these settings, heck, just locating where to adjust the settings can be a Herculean task. Notron Internet Security wins out in my book for greater ease of setting adjustment and less big brother attitude (good lord, I get enough of that from Vista with its 'tell me three times' attitude any time I want to make a system setting adjustment, sigh).Overall, this is a suite so you need to expect some resource usage (I would certainly think dual core, anything less is likely to be painful at times). The absence of spam filtering is disappointing, but there are some free Bayesian Spam Filter add-ons out there, so it is not a total loss. The hand holding and obfuscation of feature settings is probably my biggest complaint, but I recognize that I am probably a minority in that respect. Bottom line, you could do far worse in the selection of a security suite. P-)
As a computer systems administrator, I don't like most security software.This is largely because of the overhead required. The interface is usually cluttered and confusing and more often than not, more than one suite of security software is required because it doesn't catch all the possible malware out there.Norton 360 is a different beast. It's a relatively lightweight installation and it's lighter on system resources when it's running. Setup was fast and clear and it also works well with Vista. After installation, the interface is a joy to use being clear and easy to setup scans and configure the various tasks; the usual "green is good, red is bad" notification is a great feature. There is help and technical support at every step of the way. From what I have seen, Norton 360 protects against most (although not all) the possible forms of malware, including phishing and that's good enough for most types of users.The update process is intuitive and the process was quick, downloading and installing them within seconds. I did find the process to modify anti-virus and firewall settings a bit cumbersome but that's not a deal-breaker for me although for a home user, it may be a source of irritation.I do wish that the manual for the software was more than the few pages it has and covered more, but it seems that's the direction most software manufacturers are moving in these days.Norton 360 is a great piece of software that does an excellent job of protecting the PC for many categories of user. Highly recommended.
For years I have relied on the AOL security that is based McAfee on software.--Norton runs more seamlessly than the AOL software.-- I feel that both seem equal in their ability to catch different security threats.-- I don't like the backup feature though it does function as a good reminder of the importance of backing up files.I like that this is a three computer product and reflects that most home users today have more than one computerI have it installed on one machine running XP and one with Vista it works well with both systems.
Symantec's 360 has a surprisingly excellent product in version two of this made for home use item.The product integrates very well with Office 2007 ( the Full Enterprise Version , as well as lesser  types).With the full MS Office and Norton 360 to be installed,two reboots is common.Norton 360 covers PC Security, Identity Protection,Backup and PC Tuneup in broad terms. When errors in install occur, a reinstall utility covers and easily fixes problems. The setup shuts down Ghost until install is complete, and also until the backup setup is decided upon since 360 has its own backup technique.After initial setup, the configuration is pretty much automatic. All items are set up on what seems to be a standard basis, with the exception of the backup routine, which is something that can be turned on or off ( unlike the other three major sections) so that you can use the Norton GHOST backup should you want to do so. Its an impressive piece of software, great price, installs and operates extremely well.For a family machine with a non-technical or partially technical background, this is a great piece of software that operates well, and operates automatically. It fits a niche market, and does not , as some say, cross over into some of the regular Norton areas; especially since it is simple and easy to use.
Since, by definition, the purpose of this program is protection against viruses, spyware, ID theft, etc. The only way to know if it DOESN'T work would be a failure of this protection which would lead to a catastrophic problem. Since I am writing this and posting it, that, obviously hasn't happened. I will say that I have high confidence in Norton software and this seems to be on a par with their other programs. Moreover, it installs easily and doesn't appear to present, at this point in time, any running problems. Basically, you can't go too far wrong with any Norton ant-virus, so if you need it, and most of us do, get it.
I wanted to quickly list the hardware 'minimum' requirements for this OS (along with the Microsoft caveat that "certain product features are not available with minimum supported requirements - read this as 'I need more RAM to run the Aero interface'800MHx Processor or better512 MB of RAM20 GB HD with at least 15 GB of free spaceSupport for SVGA graphicsCD-ROM driveI think everyone will agree with me that in the real world, you need more horsepower to satisfactorily run this OS.Other users have given some very useful reviews, so I will not repeat all that has been written - but give my impressions:* This may sound petty but the plastic casing was very difficult for me to open.  You have to cut away some insidious tape, and then pinch 2 table so that the case will swing open.  Bill Gates - just give me a simple cardbooard box like you used to provide.* Some useful firewall programs and other programs to prevent unwanted intrusions on your PC are native now to the OS.  You will want to fine tune these settings - since when combined with warnings from other user installed 3rd party apps doing the same jobs - the messages and popups can be maddening.This is a fine OS, but I see no reason for us all to migrate like Lemmings - especially while XP is still supported.
As has been reported by many other reviewers, there are significant problems with Vista.  Yet despite its flaws, it is a great user friendly product, which explains in large part its continued dominance as the desktop operating system.
Windows Vista has gotten a lot of flack and negativity and I will be one of the minority? to disagree.  Microsoft spend many years developing this operating system and I feel that they succeeded with improving the flagship OS of PCs overall.  The biggest difference with Vista vs XP and earlier OSs is the overall look and feel.  Mac OS X had beautified the OS experience for many years and Microsoft had to change things up to compete in the market.  With their new 'Aero' look letting you tile windows in 3D and integrating a sidebar with the OS, this is the prettiest Windows you have ever used.  A new black system bar replaces the XP blue look and I think it's much easier on the eyes.With all the improvements spoken of here, my favorites are without a doubt the new Instant Search that lets you easily search for files from any Explorer window (very hard to go back to XP without this) and the way pictures are managed in Vista.  I have XP and Vista systems at home but whenever I want to scan through photos I always go to the Vista machine for speed and performance benefits.Along with these improvements you also get Internet Explorer 7, Windows Media Center, Enhanced Backup and Restore.  For computer newbies it's a pleasant experience, for veterans it might take some time to get used to the newest flavor of Windows but it shouldn't take that long.Negatives that jump out to me are the massive system requirements that are needed.  If you install this on a system with anything less than 2 GIG of RAM you are asking for trouble but with the reqs of systems purchased today that shouldn't be much of an issue.  The same issues go for graphics cards.  If you don't have a decent one you can't use many of the Aero effects that are part of Vista.Home Premium will be the version most people use and SHOULD use as this has a boatload more features than Home Basic.All in all a great effort by Microsoft that will only improve over time with the myriad of service packs which are released.**** RECOMMENDED
Those who are looking for an expert's opinion on the Windows Vista Home Premium had best stop reading here and look elsewhere.  I'm many miles from being knowledgeable in the area of computers and software and not at all fluent in geek speak.  I'm strictly a garden variety computer user who logs more hours per day than I'll ever admit on our home computer.My computer came with Windows XP and I'm very pleased with it - no crashes, easy to navigate.  What more could I want?After trying the Windows Vista Home Premium on another computer, I'm here to say that there seems to be very little difference.  I would be just as happy with this as I am with the XP.  So, if were buying yet another new computer I'd probably go for the Home Premium but wouldn't recommend buying it just to upgrade.In other words, good product but why switch?
When Microsoft Office 2007 came out I had said that it was an amazing product but they redesigned it from the ground up so that it takes some getting used to.  If you are used to Windows 95-XP be aware that they have done the same thing with this product from an administrative standpoint.  The control panel is completely different and even some items on the start button has been rearranged.  Sometimes it will take me a few minutes to find something that only took seconds before.An example is 'Add/Remove Software'.  The icon in control panel to remove software has been called that for over a decade now but now Microsoft has renamed it.  It took me a while to find the new name.However, from a user standpoint, things are pretty much the same with some added eye candy.  You can still run programs from your desktop or your quick launch toolbar.  The start menu has been updated (which is a change I did like) but it hasn't been such a drastic change that one who is familiar with older start menus will be confused.  Users should have little trouble adapting to Vista with the exception of software/OS compatibility issues.  What is new is that you are often prompted to continue running software when you first run it.  It can get annoying because it prompts you every time.  Why it doesn't figure, "Well, the user has ran it three times and nothing bad has come... I guess I can stop prompting now," is beyond me and a huge annoyance.  I run some video conversion software on a regular basis and it asks me TWICE every time I run it if I wish to continue.  Annoying!My last gripe is the same gripe I have with every Microsoft release.... resource utilization.  It seems that every time Microsoft comes out with a new operating system you are ahead to get a new computer.  At a minimum I need to increase RAM.  The machine I installed this on has been running XP since release and has shown signs of slowing down.  I thought a fresh install would speed things up but waited for the Vista release first.  After a fresh install I've found my computer to run SLOWER than a bogged down version of XP.  Time to buy some more RAM, I guess.There are some good things about Vista.  Yes, there have been changes but they haven't all been a bad idea.  Some of the changes, like the before-mentioned ones to the start menu, make navigating your system much easier.I haven't found any such changes that make Vista a dealmaker over XP, except from the perspective of the kernal.  In the end, Vista is a much more stable and secure product over XP... possibly become stability and security come hand in hand.  When security holes are patched from live update, XP gets every patch while most are skipped by Vista.So, there are pluses and minuses.  But in the long run Vista will soon be running on the majority of machines so it isn't a matter of if you'll go to Vista it is when.For the home versions, which this one is, I've always suggested you wait for the first service pack before making the jump.  Well, here it is.  For the office/professional versions I'd suggest waiting for service pack 2 which has yet to come.  But then we are talking about a whole other product.
Windows Vista has a serious public image problem. It stems, in part, from Microsoft's hasty deployment of Vista into the marketplace coupled together with its massive PR push touting it as a revolution in computing. Well, Vista's debut fell flat, about as flat as a lead balloon. Those computer consumers that jumped right onto the Vista bandwagon (myself included) found an operating system which was ALREADY in need of a Service Pack. We also found that when Vista rolled out, almost NOTHING worked properly. Take your pick - from iPods to HP printers to computer programs very little worked correctly with Vista. The final indignity (at least for me) was the crippling inadequacies of Vista Home Basic. Having purchased a new computer with Vista Home Basic pre-installed, I was immediately confronted with the frustration of having none of my component computer devices functioning with the indignity of being constantly reminded by Vista Home Basic that "this feature is not supported by Home Basic." Oh, and let's not forget about the "Cancel or Allow" nonsense. I was pushed into a direction many others took last year - rolling back to Windows XP.After a year, I thought I would give Vista another shot. I ended up installing Vista on my laptop (1.4 P4-m 30 GB HDD 768 MB RAM). Installation took a very LONG time. When installation was complete, the computer initially ran sluggishly. After a reboot however, it booted up in approximately the same time as XP. Vista is designed for the mainstream computer user - as evidenced by the "cancel or allow" nonsense. Yes, you can go into the account settings and disable it.One improvement Vista has made over XP is the way in which it handles errors. If there is a conflict with an installed driver and an error report is generated, Vista will eventually provide you with an answer (i.e. in attempting to set up a Canon Printer, Vista generated a message saying the printer driver was not compatible and directed me to the Canon website to download the proper driver). This feature makes it easier for the casual computer user to troubleshoot problems with their computers.One drawback (at least at this point) between XP and Vista as installed on the laptop is that it takes the laptop twice as long to "awake" from hibernate mode using Vista as it did operating under XP.PC World recently tested Vista w/ SP1, Vista w/o SP1 and XP side by side using its WorldBench 6 benchmark test. The result: XP won convincingly. One of the more perplexing and disappointing results came in the gaming arena. Vista was touted as the next generation in computer gaming. Yet, in benchmark tests, XP outperformed Vista in FPS and anti-aliasing tests. Also, based upon the PC World benchmark test, XP will SIGNIFICANTLY outperform Vista on laptops as a result of Vista's graphical demands.What does this signify? Vista has some growing pains. Much like its predecessor XP, it will probably require a Service Pack 2 to unlock its potential. Obviously, the other thing is that components (motherboards, graphics cards, memory, etc.) will also have to catch up to deliver on the graphical promise of Vista. It will take some time, but Vista will eventually deliver. Now that Vista is stable and more hardware friendly, perhaps it may be time to think about upgrading.
I has been about two weeks and I think I finally have things working as I need to.Three out of 4 computers on my home network were running Vista so I thought I'd upgrade and get all 4 on the same OS.  Microsoft has a Vista utility that you can download from their site. It can tell you if your computer (both software and hardware) can run Vista.  I ran the utility and the hardware passed and just one program I used seldom was identified as having a conflict.  So I removed it and thought I might have a smooth transition.Vista installed with no problems at all.  When I attempted to run Adobe software (Photoshop Elements 6.0, Acrobat 8.0, and Premier Elements 4.0) I had problems.  After uninstalling and re-installing to no avail I went to Adobe's site and found a wonderful FAQ on how to deal with Vista and Adobe conflicts.  As has been the case for many folks with Vista the additional security features also cause problems when doing routine tasks.  For me the solution was simple.  By right-clicking on the program icon (note not the short-cut but the icon itself) and selecting run as administrator my problem was solved.This release of Vista works much better than earlier releases.  Vista does have some nice bells and whistle however,  it does run significantly slower than XP.  I notice this when running a simple arcade type game and also when doing some video editing.I'd rate my overall experience fairly smooth (considering I took a very stable OS and replaced it with one that has been known to have problems).
I've been using Windows since the days of Windows 3.0 and have always been impressed, for the most part, with the advances each new version brings.  Windows 95 and Windows XP remain the two "major" advances of Windows that redefined the user experience.  Windows Vista doesn't quite qualify as a major advance, but it is definitely the next generation OS from Microsoft.The biggest thing that sets Vista apart from XP is the hardware.  If you are running on hardware that is "fine for XP" chances are it won't be fine for Vista.  All too many of the problems people are running into are because they are trying to run Vista on hardware that just isn't supported -- or supported poorly.  You need a modern PC (dual-core, at least 1GB of RAM and a decent graphics card) to fully take advantage of what Vista offers.So why would you consider upgrading to Vista?  If you are heavy into the Media Center functions of Windows, or want to experience the WIndows Aero interface then Vista is right for you.  If you are happy with XP and it provides everything you need -- then there really is no reason to run out and upgrade.There are some features I do like in Vista that aren't "killer" but nonetheless make the experience better.  The Windows Sidebar is a great addition, letting you add gadgets to track everything from recent documents to the weather.  The enhanced performance and reliablity center is great for geeks like me who like to see what is going on under the hood -- but to be honest, I think they overdid it with the new Event Viewer; way too much information and choices.Some things I could do without.  The new Explorer interface can be annoying at times; Windows User Access Control can be annoying at times; and the new photo tools -- well, let's just say I wish they'd go back to how XP handled photos.  I found myself having to go out and get a third-party tool to resize my photos; a feature I took for granted in XP!Vista is a good upgrade choice if you have a newer PC and want to experience the next generation of Windows.  If you are happy with XP and you don't have a need for Vista, then stick with XP.  Consider Vista one of those purchases you make when you need to upgrade your PC, or when you want to finally get your digital media loaded onto your PC to share it throughout the house.
I just wanted to try out Vista since I heard some good things about it from my friends. I am not a very technical guy, so I am really not aware of the compatibility and technical jargon. I will simply review it from a regular, know-nothing-about-programs POV.Vista is graphically very impressive. I also liked the little changes they made with the Windows Media Center. Graphically speaking, Microsoft did an excellent job with Vista. They also beefed up the security features on the computer which can be good but sometimes gets annoying, when repeated messages appear during simple tasks, i.e. trying to run a program etc.Overall, I liked it and my other programs seems to work well with it.
I recently purchased aDell Inspiron 1721with a 17" Widescreen. When I opened the box and looked through the materials that Dell sent, I discovered that instead of supplying me with an Operating System disk, they chose to provide only a System Restore Disk.  This practice by larger computer providers is well-known and a thorn in the side of many.Out of the box, I noticed that the boot time was incredibly long. 6:15 seconds to be precise. An absolute eternity. When I tried to adjust the services on my laptop accordingly, I was denied. Dell had installed various pieces of software within the Operating System and made it impossible for the user / owner to have full control.I installed the new Windows Vista Home Premium over the Dell version and completely deleted the offending nightmare that was masquerading as an Operating System. I thought the Dell Software would put up a fight, create errors and make life difficult, but it went with a whimper ... and rightly so. After I deleted the file "windows.old", I regained a whopping 35.7 GB's!  Now, let's be clear ... I just bought this laptop two months ago and have I installed very little software on it, and I store all my personal documents on a separate Hard Drive. That's a lot of space for an Operating System, or rather the nightmare that Dell was trying to pawn off as an Operating System.So, if you're like me, and you've considered getting this new version of Vista, so you can forego and delete the pre-installed atrocity, rest easy knowing that not only will the install go well, but you'll recover a lot of space doing so. I was never happy with the buggy performance I was experiencing before, which thankfully, is now a thing of the past.After Vista installed, it searched the computer, found any devices that needed new drivers, found those drivers from the providers and installed them all by itself ... which was a really unexpected bonus. The only thing that it couldn't handle was the ATI Software that I had to download directly from Dell Support which is on their website. I couldn't attain the native resolution for my Widescreen Monitor, but after a manual install, everything went well and all is fine. Apparently, a lot of people have experienced this same problem as googling it cropped up numerous blog posts about it.The real problem, and the point of this review, is that the bulk of PC computer users either purchase pre-built machines from companies like Dell, HP and Sony or they use them predominately at work. People experiencing problems with their computers typically blame the Operating System and Microsoft. The real truth is that the hacked versions that get installed on these pre-built machines are accidents waiting to happen and solely the fault of the Computer Companies themselves. Dell installs software that can't be removed or turned off that suck system resources and create inefficient boot times and memory usages. It's a shame that people get stuck with this kind of garbage after dropping a lot of money purchasing expensive systems. Companies like Dell respond by saying that "they give Remote Support", but the truth is that programs likePC Anywhereand GoToMyPC can achieve the same results without all the unnecessary bloat.It's completely counter-productive for Microsoft to be involved in this practice but they are. It's also unlikely that anything is going to change in the near future, so buying the full version of the Operating System - and not an upgrade - is probably everyone's best bet. I recommend it without protestation.Regarding my boot time now, it's down to 1:50 seconds, which is a vast improvement and it shuts down completely in 8 seconds."Free at last, Free at last, Thank God, Almighty, Free at last" -- MLKEDIT:And don't worry, a successor to Vista is already in the works ... Windows 7! XP will apparently live on past June of 2008, but finally be retired in 2010.
To be honest, I'm not going to write some critical review of Vista. The purpose of this review is to point out that the primary value of Home Premium over Home is the Media Center. It will make a media center into the equivalent of an AppleTV product allowing you to watch, download, share, or video media content. My favorite use is for the photos and music, but I've evaluated the use of the Cable Card Tuners (for my work in telecom). The media center TV interface is above average compared to some set top boxes, but not perfect. It does work well with Media Extenders (like the XBOX which I also tested in my work). My only negative comment is that Microsoft does not allow multiple Media Centers to talk to each other making any one of them an extender to any other.
I haven't had time to investigate all of Vista's features (and I probably won't, as I'm a layperson, not a computer whiz), but so far, I'm really enjoying this OS.The interface is just beautiful -- I love the "frosted-glass" look of the windows, and even the icons are cool-looking. (For example, folders with pictures look like file folders set on end, with the pictures splayed open inside, almost as if it were a photo album.)The new start menu is also very clean-looking and useful. Another favorite of mine: The way the taskbar shows you a mini screenshot of an application when you mouse over it.The Windows sidebar, which you can fill with "gadgets" of your choice (calendars, to-do lists, etc.) is a neat feature, but one I don't find myself using much.I haven't had the problems that some users have had with Vista. I didn't do a clean install, because I was too lazy to copy over all my data, honestly. So I did an upgrade from XP and have experienced minimal problems. (I did have some issues with my PC rebooting randomly, but I think that was due to a very buggy version of iTunes -- the problem seems to have resolved since the latest iTunes update.)So, bottom line? Vista is gorgeous, and for me it's been pretty much trouble-free. But is it worth upgrading from XP? Honestly, I don't see why. XP was a good OS, and most people seem to be happy with it, so unless you're really dying to see what Vista can do, tech-wise, or you're just obsessed with having a beautiful OS, I'd save the money.
Windows Vista has gotten a lot of flack and negativity and I will be one of the minority? to disagree.  Microsoft spend many years developing this operating system and I feel that they succeeded with improving the flagship OS of PCs overall.  The biggest difference with Vista vs XP and earlier OSs is the overall look and feel.  Mac OS X had beautified the OS experience for many years and Microsoft had to change things up to compete in the market.  With their new 'Aero' look letting you tile windows in 3D and integrating a sidebar with the OS, this is the prettiest Windows you have ever used.  A new black system bar replaces the XP blue look and I think it's much easier on the eyes.With all the improvements spoken of here, my favorites are without a doubt the new Instant Search that lets you easily search for files from any Explorer window (very hard to go back to XP without this) and the way pictures are managed in Vista.  I have XP and Vista systems at home but whenever I want to scan through photos I always go to the Vista machine for speed and performance benefits.Along with these improvements you also get Internet Explorer 7, Windows Media Center, Enhanced Backup and Restore.  For computer newbies it's a pleasant experience, for veterans it might take some time to get used to the newest flavor of Windows but it shouldn't take that long.Negatives that jump out to me are the massive system requirements that are needed.  If you install this on a system with anything less than 2 GIG of RAM you are asking for trouble but with the reqs of systems purchased today that shouldn't be much of an issue.  The same issues go for graphics cards.  If you don't have a decent one you can't use many of the Aero effects that are part of Vista.Ultimate Edition has all the goodies of the other versions of Vista along with Business Networking, Remote Desktop, and Bitlocker to better protect data.  This edition is recommended for power users that want the FULL version of Vista with nothing missing.All in all a great effort by Microsoft that will only improve over time with the myriad of service packs which are released.**** RECOMMENDED
When I first migrated to Vista, I wasn't sure I'd like it.  Now I love it.  It has so many great features.  I especially like the Sidebar.  I also like that you can set up photos into your screensaver.  I no longer need to purchase a digital frame.  I just use the screensaver.Ultimate has many features that the other versions of Vista don't, especially backing up your system.
Windows Vista Ultimate with Service Pack 1 is the OS that Microsoft created for people who want to work and play on the same machine using Windows based software.  Games take up a lot of memory and space and cause a lot of crashes, and Vista is supposed to have addressed this.The first issue is whether or not to install over your existing OS - which I won't.  I have an external hard drive where I do a backup - or a copy - of my hard drive in case I a.) don't like Vista or b.) lose my data and need something.  Then I wiped my internal drive and installed Vista clean.I use a lot of Microsoft Office functions and media & entertainment software, not to mention surf the internet and shop online, so the anti-theft and safeguard features were big pluses for me.  I liked the back-up and restore once I got it installed, too.  But I found that beyond the gloss, there weren't a lot of big differences from XP.  It used a lot more memory and resources to run, which is one major reason a clean install works best.The best advice I can recommend is that if is isn't broken, don't fix it.  If your computer is running on its OS without problems, then don't upgrade.  If you need something new, start over and just get a new unit with Vista already installed, so that you won't have any previous data to complicate the installation.
Microsoft Windows and I have had a long and sometimes sordid history; I have used Windows in one version or another since Window 3.1 and 3.11 "For Workgroups." This was at the time when a TCP/IP stack didn't come bundled in Windows so if you wanted to talk on the Internet, you had to buy a third-party application from Trumpet or Chameleon.Yes, I am dating myself, but it's to bring up a point: Windows has evolved from a barely interesting, barely functional OS back then to now, a full-blown and certainly very interesting OS. Yes, you can say anything you want about Windows but "interesting," in all its various connotations, will always be applicable.For the last few years, I have used Windows XP with little to no problems so when the opportunity to upgrade to the latest edition, Windows Vista, I was a little hesitant. The choice was made for me when I discovered that my new PC was going to run Windows Vista Ultimate--the die was cast.The installation of Vista itself was simple and clear. I didn't need to read any manuals or browse online documentation, I simply followed the on-screen prompts, registered and voila, a fully functional box. All within about an hour.First impressions weren't bad, unlike what you would expect after watching those Apple commercials. The OS worked pretty much like Windows XP out of the box. I could find the same programs and applications as easily as and sometimes even more easily than with XP. The real difference? UAC or User Account Control which is a security feature that attempts to protect the user from themselves by requiring a confirmation that a command attempting to be run is allowed to run.Apparently, the basic, kernel-level and security operations for Vista have been vastly changed from Windows XP. Where, in XP, applications by default run in the security context of the logged-on user, most likely with administrative privileges, Vista has changed that: programs are curtailed so that even if the user has administrative privileges, there are still some things that the OS will not allow without explicit permissions. Hence the UAC prompt at which Apple likes to poke fun. I don't mind this feature, but I can see how it is able to really interfere with a "normal" user's everyday work. Luckily, there's a way for those so bothered to change the behavior: a Google search will reveal all.There have also been complaints about the lack of drivers for peripherals and such. I am happy to report that in all the time I have been using Vista Ultimate, there has never been a peripheral (a camera, a printer, etc.) that hasn't worked out of the box.So far, this is all good news, but there is bad: several times the driver for the Intel network card caused a blue screen of death (BSOD) which is something I never expected to see in a Microsoft Operating System again.  After running a kernel debugger on the memory dump, I was able to find that it was the NIC driver, a process that most casual users may not have been able to carry out. I really wish Microsoft would take the time to create more sensible error messages that do not require the services of a computer guru or an exhaustive search on Google to find.Another problem occurred with Firefox which kept crashing hard every few minutes. I still haven't found the problem with that and so the search continues.The famed graphics capabilities were cute, but too memory consuming. I quickly did away with all of those "upgraded" features. I have yet to test out some of the other features of Vista including Bitlocker; I just don't see the need for it at this time but perhaps in the future as I become more comfortable using Vista. I also haven't performed extensive testing with some of my games such as Flight Simulator and I'm hoping I have the same experience running those as I have had with the others; that is, a smooth one.In all, I don't know if Vista is that much of an improvement over XP in terms of practical functionality. If it comes with a new PC, I doubt one would have much of a choice. I note that Vista Service Pack 1 has just been released. I guess that's a good thing, but were I to have had a choice when to upgrade XP to Vista, I'd wait until SP2.
I hadn't yet tried Vista Ultimate nor SP1, so this was a welcome opportunity. I tried it on one of my newer computers with moderately fast CPU and graphics adapter - and when I say moderately, I mean exactly that.The install was trouble-free. But performance is still problematic with anything but really fast CPUs and graphic adapters. And the messages! The endless messages are enough to drive one mad. I didn't notice any spectacular performance gains over Vista Home Premium. Of course, I didn't sit there with stopwatch in hand either. Vista still seems to be sluggish. I definitely would not install it on any of my laptops which are not as powerful as the desktop I tested it on. I imagine the laptops would struggle with this version of Vista as they have on others.One cool feature of Vista Ultimate is BitBlocker which is an effective encryption system.The Vista GUI still does nothing for me. I am not a big fan of eye candy, so the Aero interface doesn't do anything to get my heart beating faster. Likewise the changes to the Start Menu and Control Panel turn me off. I don't like them. The addition of the sidebar widgets is a big ho-hum.Finally, a number of the specialty programs I use still aren't Vista compatible.I am a big Microsoft fan. I've been working with computers for a long time and think that Microsoft has done more for the industry than any other company. But occasionally they simply miss the boat. Windows ME was a good example as was Word 5. With Vista, I think Microsoft has gone off in the wrong direction. I would have preferred that they spent more time developing it and included some of the features, such as the dramatically revised file system, they first announced than deliver the half-baked ideas in Vista.I will be using Windows XP Pro for as long as I can unless future Vista Service Packs make this OS more desirable.Jerry
Microsoft's latest operating system Vista, replaces Windows XP.Vista comes in 5 different versions:  2 for businesses (Business and Enterprise) and 3 for home use (Basic, Premium, and Ultimate).  The Basic addition is a really stripped down version that is intended to help keep the price of new lower end PCs down. The Premium version has almost all of the same features of Ultimate except for 4 major applications. These are:Windows PC Backup - an image based backup program for restoring everything on your computer in the case of a hard disk failure.Windows Fax and Scanning - an app that integrates scanning and faxing (you need a scanner and a fax modem).Remote Desktop Connection -This lets someone else work remotely on your computer (or you work on theirs).  RDC is used in businesses for Helpdesk techs to diagnose or fix software problems without running to the user's computer.Bitlocker Encryption - This encrypts the data on your hard drive so that if someone steals your computer or drive, they can't read the data.  This can be a very desirable feature if you have a laptop with business data on it.  In Healthcare and Finance, not encrypting data can end up costing a company a lot of money and bad publicity.If you don't need any of the above, I'd recommend you go with Premium and save some money.Vista has better graphics and more integration with new multimedia devices (such as iPods, MP3 players, digital cameras, etc). The new look and feel is somewhere between XP and a Mac.The one thing it doesn't do is recommend you stay with XP.  If you want the best performance from your Pentium or Celeron based computer, stay with XP.  Vista is slower than XP! To get the speed , you need lots of memory (2-4GB) and a dual or quad core processor. Also Vista will disable certain features (like screen transparency, called Aero) to try to keep the performance up.Installing Vista is where Microsoft got it right.  It installs in about half the time it took me to install XP.  When it couldn't find drivers, Vista used generic drivers to get the system running.I've been running different versions of Vista for about a year. I have yet to get a complete system lockup (blue screen).  It`s very stable. But it can also be annoying.  Whenever you go to do things, you get message boxes asking you if it's OK to do it. Then it might tell you that an administrator has to do it (even though you are an administrator account). It drives you nuts.  However, it's easy to turn off.  Go to the Help menu and search for "Turn off UAC" (User Access Control).  There's a checkbox you uncheck to disable UAC. If you have multiple users set up on your computer, you need to do it for each one.I like Vista, but in my opinion I wouldn't upgrade an existing computer unless I had a compelling reason (like needing encryption).  The cost of the Vista upgrade plus any hardware upgrades could reach the cost of a low end dual core computer that is made for Vista. However, when I buy a new computer I would definitely get Vista.
Windows Vista has a serious public image problem. It stems, in part, from Microsoft's hasty deployment of Vista into the marketplace coupled together with its massive PR push touting it as a revolution in computing. Well, Vista's debut fell flat, about as flat as a lead balloon. Those computer consumers that jumped right onto the Vista bandwagon (myself included) found an operating system which was ALREADY in need of a Service Pack. We also found that when Vista rolled out, almost NOTHING worked properly. Take your pick - from iPods to HP printers to computer programs very little worked correctly with Vista. The final indignity (at least for me) was the crippling inadequacies of Vista Home Basic. Having purchased a new computer with Vista Home Basic pre-installed, I was immediately confronted with the frustration of having none of my component computer devices functioning with the indignity of being constantly reminded by Vista Home Basic that "this feature is not supported by Home Basic." Oh, and let's not forget about the "Cancel or Allow" nonsense. I was pushed into a direction many others took last year - rolling back to Windows XP.After a year, I thought I would give Vista another shot. I ended up installing Vista on my laptop (1.4 P4-m 30 GB HDD 768 MB RAM). Installation took a very LONG time. When installation was complete, the computer initially ran sluggishly. After a reboot however, it booted up in approximately the same time as XP. Vista is designed for the mainstream computer user - as evidenced by the "cancel or allow" nonsense. Yes, you can go into the account settings and disable it.One improvement Vista has made over XP is the way in which it handles errors. If there is a conflict with an installed driver and an error report is generated, Vista will eventually provide you with an answer (i.e. in attempting to set up a Canon Printer, Vista generated a message saying the printer driver was not compatible and directed me to the Canon website to download the proper driver). This feature makes it easier for the casual computer user to troubleshoot problems with their computers.PC World recently tested Vista w/ SP1, Vista w/o SP1 and XP side by side using its WorldBench 6 benchmark test. The result: XP won convincingly. One of the more perplexing and disappointing results came in the gaming arena. Vista was touted as the next generation in computer gaming. Yet, in benchmark tests, XP outperformed Vista in FPS and anti-aliasing tests. Also, based upon the PC World benchmark test, XP will SIGNIFICANTLY outperform Vista on laptops as a result of Vista's graphical demands.What does this signify? Vista has some growing pains. Much like its predecessor XP, it will probably require a Service Pack 2 to unlock its potential. Obviously, the other thing is that components (motherboards, graphics cards, memory, etc.) will also have to catch up to deliver on the graphical promise of Vista. It will take some time, but Vista will eventually deliver. Now that Vista is stable and more hardware friendly, perhaps it may be time to think about upgrading.
I've been using Windows since the days of Windows 3.0 and have always been impressed, for the most part, with the advances each new version brings.  Windows 95 and Windows XP remain the two "major" advances of Windows that redefined the user experience.  Windows Vista Ultimate doesn't quite qualify as a major advance, but it is definitely the next generation OS from Microsoft.The biggest thing that sets Vista apart from XP is the hardware.  If you are running on hardware that is "fine for XP" chances are it won't be fine for Vista.  All too many of the problems people are running into are because they are trying to run Vista on hardware that just isn't supported -- or supported poorly.  You need a modern PC (dual-core, at least 1GB of RAM and a decent graphics card) to fully take advantage of what Vista Ultimate offers.So why would you consider upgrading to Vista?  If you are heavy into the Media Center functions of Windows, or want to experience the WIndows Aero interface then Vista is right for you.  If you are happy with XP and it provides everything you need -- then there really is no reason to run out and upgrade.There are some features I do like in Vista that aren't "killer" but nonetheless make the experience better.  The Windows Sidebar is a great addition, letting you add gadgets to track everything from recent documents to the weather.  The enhanced performance and reliablity center is great for geeks like me who like to see what is going on under the hood -- but to be honest, I think they overdid it with the new Event Viewer; way too much information and choices.  I also like the fact that they have brought Windows Media Center into the Ultimate version -- before this was a seperate purchase.Some things I could do without.  The new Explorer interface can be annoying at times; Windows Ultimate Extras have not really lived up to the hype; and the new photo tools -- well, let's just say I wish they'd go back to how XP handled photos.  I found myself having to go out and get a third-party tool to resize my photos; a feature I took for granted in XP!Vista Ultimate is a good upgrade choice if you have a newer PC and want to experience the next generation of Windows.  If you are happy with XP and you don't have a need for Vista, then stick with XP.  Consider Vista Ultimate one of those purchases you make when you need to upgrade your PC, or when you want to finally get your digital media loaded onto your PC to share it throughout the house.
In comparison with the Windows Vista home edition...I have to say that the Ultimate version wins hands down. The graphics is somewhat similar although I prefer the ultimate version. This seems a bit user friendly. Although these might be considered moot points by some, these are the primary reasons why I prefer this to the home version.
First, you need to know a few things about me before reading this review:1. I'm a novelist and a screenwriter living and working in Los Angeles. Most of my education is in Computer Sciences and English.2. I do not now and have never worked for Microsoft or any sub-contractor thereof.3. I did not purchase my copy of Windows Vista Ultimate. I was offered it free of charge due to membership in Amazon Vine. Every month I'm offered numerous items to review and this month, I selected this product.4. My first computer was a Sinclair "Zed" X-81. Nuff said.I'm not going to write the usual benefit bloated review of this product. There are large quantities of MS Shills and MS Stooges on Amazon leaving phony reviews in praise of this product and other products by Microsoft, and they are all annoying and as bloated as the programs they praise. There are also enough MS Haters reviewing as well, just to be fair.Most people are here for two reasons:1. They are on the verge of buying this product and are probably ready to let go of XP.2. They already own this product and are looking for some insight.This is a key point. I'm not going to tell you how great this product is, you can go anywhere for that, or just read the package. I'm going to do my best in telling you how to optimize this product for best results so that it's effective for the rest of us, including our not-so-windows savvy parents, that way you can feel better about purchasing or not purchasing - which is the point of Amazon reviews anyhow.My Machine ...For the last handful of years, and I wont give a length of time on this, due to a probable lawsuit; but I've been running what's commonly known as Retestrak XP on one of my machines. Google it. It's a pretty sophisticated piece of OS for users wishing to remain "off the grid". The serial code is one of those FCKGW codes that was probably intended to be a political statement, but turned out to be the most populated serial code of all time, and probably the biggest nightmare for Microsoft as well.Supposedly, Retestrak is a pirate version of Windows XP that does not dial home to Redmond, it's been modified to run faster and it installs with everything you need to operate including antivirus and firewalls. It's been pretty interesting and problem free using it, and it's a shame MS can't seem to take a que from the European Programmer that Frankenstein'd the thing together because it's pretty awesome and has a lot of underground support, much like Linux. If I start getting hate mail from Sniper's Redemption Network, the author, then I may go into hiding. Someone's going to say I'm insane for admitting my use of Retestrak, but whatever. To quote Humphrey Bogart: "I left a note in my apartment, they'll know where to find me."In the first comment, I've left my Machine stats below to see for benchmark and comparison.I tell you this history, so you can understand the machine I'm putting Vista on and my reluctance to run a MS OS unchecked. Like most people, I don't trust Microsoft ... and rightly so. I have several other machines at the house, my laptop runs Vista Home ( a Dell), one's a Mac and another still has Windows 2000 on it (a very nice OS) , and all are registered.The Install ...First - unplug all your external hard-drives, flash card readers, what have you. If you want to chance leaving your printer connected, go for it, but you may be playing with fire by doing so. I would say unplug everything but your keyboard, monitor and mouse. I say this because your equipment might be old and Vista may not have the driver, thus causing problems during the install * even if it already said you're fine.Second - Nobody but a fool would recommend doing an upgrade. If you're going to install this thing, do it right and do a full install.Third - if you're worried about losing information from your old OS, then let me say a few things here:Go buy an External Hard Drive and keep everything personal on it.Buy two if you believe in redundancy as I do.Never put anything but the Operating System on the C drive.Never put anything but the Operating System on the C drive.Never put anything but the Operating System on the C drive.Do not partition your C drive.Do not let other people tell you to partition your C drive.Do not run multiple Operating Systems one drive.Back up all your files elsewhere. Don't EVER use a backup program. It's tedious and a waste of resources.Now, back to the program ...The Installation process was relatively painless. After checking my computer with the Vista Upgrade tool, which has to be downloaded, everything but my wireless Belkin transmitter would apparently survive the installation. Above, in the pictures section I've left a few screenshots for anyone curious to see what this Vista Checker looks like and what it found.Surprisingly, the installation was only 46 minutes in total from having control of my machine - to having control of my machine again. It rebooted a total of four times at 25 minutes, 33, 37 and 40 minutes, respectively.  I wasn't too put out about the time I spent, as all I missed was another late-night Cold Case re-run. Vista does want to fine tune itself after it's all said and done - which was annoying and then it "must prepare the desktop". What is that, like a turndown service at a hotel? I could've done with out all the delay. But overall, it wasn't bad. No crashes, no blue screens and no lock-ups. Microsoft must have also taken a hint about all the annoying nag prompt boxes, as I didn't encounter a single one, not even once I got on the internet.Boot time ...Here are some records I kept to benchmark the basics of the two Operating Systems. I'm comparing Vista against Restestrak XP as I believe this is really, the only true test worth running ...Retestrak Boot Time: 1:08 secs (fully operational - HDD quiet)Retestrak Shut Down Time: 0:21 secs (completely off)Vista Ultimate Boot Time: 2:10 secs (fully operational - HDD quiet)Vista Ultimate Shut Down Time: 0:08 secs (completely off)After adjusting services.msc, I got the boot time down to 1:48 seconds. Please keep in mind that the boot time for Vista reflects a fresh install, while my Restestrak XP had about 40 programs installed. Over time, you may experience a longer boot-time with the more programs you add. Please see msconfig below for improvement.Retestrak XP Program Benchmarks:MS Word / Ms Office 2003 - 1 SecondAdobe Photoshop 7.0  - 4 SecondsAdobe Photoshop CS3 - 7 SecondsVista Ultimate Benchmarks:MS Word / Ms Office 2003 - 15 SecondsAdobe Photoshop 7.0  - 12 SecondsAdobe Photoshop CS3 - 16 SecondsServices.msc ...This is the first stop of places to visit once you're up and running. To activate the panel, click start and then type SERVICES.MSC in the start search box at the bottom, which is the equivalent of the Run Prompt and Search from XP and beyond. They've finally combined it.When the box pops open you can then make the needed adjustments which will improve the ability of your system dramatically. I have listed the basic settings/ adjustments that I have chosen for each instance in the comments section below in the second comment. I have listed only some of what you will see within services. Some people recommend disabling everything and turning your computer back to the stone ages. These options cover a few glaring security issues, memory and CPU drains and processes that are just outright unnecessary for just about everyone. I've left Vista's functionality, firewall and visual effects alone as those can be manipulated elsewhere.A quick search of the internet will put you in touch with a lot of advice about managing your services. I say to err on the side of caution and if want to turn a lot more of these things off, then turn them to the manual setting instead of disabled; that way they'll come on when needed. But be careful and read up, as you're trudging in murky waters adjusting  any more of these things than I suggest in the post.Msconfig ...Going back to the Start menu and the search box, you will then type msconfig and hit enter. Once the System configuration box pops up, click on the start-up tab. If you look down the list of items, you'll see every program that automatically starts up when you power on. Note, these programs come on whether you need them or not and most of the time - you don't need any of them. The best thing to do is to uncheck anything that says:iTunes, Apple, Adobe, Dell support, Ecenter, Google Desktop, Java, Nero, Quicktime,  ... whatever. These programs will all come on when you decide you want them, instead of hanging around in the background hogging up memory for no apparent reason. Just Google anything that you're unsure of, and you'll get a quick answer.Please be advised, that the advice I give in this review is information from tweaking Microsoft's Operating Systems for about the last decade. This review and information below is intended for the general user and not the die-hard gamer or C++ Programmer. Those folks will probably have an even tighter and faster running machine than my own. This review may take a lot of negative votes and may receive a lot of negative comments, but I would suggest that you take all of it with a grain of salt as the whole world typically wants to express themselves, and everyone's opinion differs, especially when it comes to Microsoft and computers in general.And please, understand that you are using these suggestions at your own risk.Conclusion ...I would suggest anyone thinking of switching to Vista to make sure that you have at least two Gigabytes of Memory and a relatively new processor. Anything below 2 Gigabytes will give you sluggish performance no matter what. And don't be too hard on Microsoft about this OS being a memory hog, as most OS's from now on will probably be bigger, more bloated and require more memory to run. It's the wave of the future, accept it.I've given Vista Ultimate 4 stars instead of 5 for the following reasons:1. It's still slow doing tasks, opening certain programs and multitasking, even with 2 GB of RAM Memory.2. The OS is bloated and should install with all the cool junk turned off. Microsoft should've already come up with an easy to use instrument panel which turns features on and off.3. MS Live OneCare should've been built into the OS, instead of trying to nickel and dime the customer to death.  At the amount of money they want, the absence of real protection, Virus and spyware control is incredibly questionable.Other than that, it seems like a vast improvement over it's predecessor. If I could replace my Vista Home edition with Vista Ultimate, I would.EDIT: One Week Later ...After using the OS for about a week, I wanted to report on a few developments.1. I did begin to experience the prompt screens that everyone talks about once I configured my internet.2. After I did configure the internet, Microsoft Vista actually scanned my computer, knew which drivers I needed from my ATI Video Card, to the Motherboard and my Belkin Wireless adapter ... and then retireved them and installed them, with no effort on my part at all. very cool. About time you guys.3. The Vista Dreamscape download is an extra but animates the desktop and is pretty cool.4. I was able to fully customize my boot sequence and other operations to  streamline the OS for booting and memory optimization with no problems.5. Having never used Windows Media Center before, I gave it a chance and I'm really impressed by it and the Photo Gallery. I typically use iTunes and Picasa ... but who knows, in time I may migrate.6. Vista put my old OS into a folder called windows.old, and from it I was able to extract or retrieve anything I needed after the installation which was a benefit. After I deleted it, I recovered about 10 gigs.It seems that MS may have worked out the majority of the early OS kinks that accompanied the previous version. Not bad.This OS is just as good as XP if not better.
I purchased my PC sometime last year. It had Windows Vista Home Premium.  This year I got the Windows Vista Ultimate with SP1.  At first I was very skeptical.  I understand that sometimes upgrading from one operating system to another means headaches, so I went for a clean install over the Windows Vista Home Premium.  After I did this, however, everything worked fine, except the software that was originally bundled with my PC were gone.  So, I restored my PC back to factory then without adding all of my backup documents, I did an upgrade to Windows Vista Ultimate SP1 (MVUSP1).  During this process MVUPS1 required that the current Vista version be updated with SP1.  After doing this it worked.  I can honestly say, in my case, the upgrade went very smooth.  Surprisingly smooth.  But then again, I had restored my PC from factory so the registry was clean.  Which I recommend if you choose to upgrade.Now on to features.  From the get go, you have a feature to use a .MPG movie file as your background instead of the conventional wallpapers.  This is a pretty cool feature.  And it doesn't seem to slow down the PC, or use up a lot of CPU.  I use the gadget bar to show the CPU & memory usage and although there is a slight increase, very slight, it's not enough to warn against using this feature.  This is called "Dreamscape".There is something called Bitlocker.  Which is used to secure your PC.  Although I haven't tried this yet, I did read that it is supposed to make a partition on your PC that is an exact duplicate and is someone were to try to hack into your files, it would know that something has changed and keep them from seeing your files.  I will test this feature, but don't know how to really go about testing it to see how it works or if it does.It also comes with Media Center for you to hook up to your audio/video equipment, which I will when I get a new LCD TV.Now, I had used Home Premium for sometime and I really don't see a huge difference other than the options above "Dreamscape Extras" & "BitLocker".  Other than that it pretty much is the same for the most part.I have noticed that my PC rarely crashes or loses network connectivity.  So for me that is a big difference and plus.  It does seem to be more stable and actually boasts a new crash recovery and reporting feature.I gave it 4 out of 5 stars only because it wasn't a huge difference between Vista Home Premium and this version.  However, if you want one that is slightly better.  I'd say this one is worth getting.
User friendly and easy to use.  You'll be creating your own videos in no time.  You'll also be able to edit them and make them look professional.
I am very excited about the endless possibilites of this software.  I have been taking videos of my children since my daughter was born, (now 4 years old and also a 9 month old son now too) Now I can take all those videos and put them together into a great presentation for them when they grow up.  The software is easy to use and comes with a great instruction book.  I am new to video editing software and found this package to be perfect for someone who is new to video editing.  I am very impressed with the software and can't wait to put some great DVD's together.
This is a relatively trim video processing program (ie, it runs on my computer which is several years old while a competing studio from Adobe will not run at all.)VideoStudio Editor: Corel feels the workflow method (following the normal steps to create a movie) are more user-friendly than learning technical editing. I find this to be true: I never learned technical editing of video before and the system led me through it.Movie Wizard: A quick-and-dirty way to get a slide show with effects chosen by the system. Great for newbies.DV-to-DVD Wizard: Choose clips directly from digital video, edit and go.Auto Color and Tone Filters: Fixes low light conditions--a typical problem for amateur video (no light setups)DVD Authoring:  You can add chapters, interactive features to make your own DVD's, including tutorial-style DVDs (teachers may be interested in this feature.)Special FX and Soundtrack editing. There are the usual pan, fade, effects and sound is full-featured (I like this better than the Adobe offering: The soundtrack portion features:Audio View: Mix between clip, overlay, narration and music tracks.Audio Rubber-banding: Adjust sound levels of your video, overlays, narration and background music directly in Audio view.SmartSound Auto Music Maker: Create unique royalty-free tunes to fit the style and duration of your project.Audio Filters: Audio Normalization, Remove Noise and others help fix audio problems and enhance the sound.This is a full-featured package, easy to use and a great piece of software to get the most out of your video clips.
I decided to try this software as part of my learning experience for running my website. I'm always looking for great ways to get decent video content on the site, or produce slideshows. I have some experience (Macromedia) with .swf but found it to be outdated and wanted to upgrade. I was happy with this product in many ways. The manuel is user-friendly and easy to get through. I loved the Movie Wizard for slide shows and found the audio (sound enhancing) to be premium quality. The layering and effects are excellent. I haven't yet done any DVD burning, but plan on making a slideshow/video presentation for my grandmother's 100th birthday. I have already tried some different things on the program and think it will be relatively easy, even for an amateur like myself. I am also interested in the chapter making for instructional DVDs. I run this software on Vista and have had no problems. I did have to turn my spyware off while installing however...I'm not sure why, but once I did that, it uploaded fine.
It's been awhile since I got upgraded video/movie making software, generally just using free products like Microsoft Movie Maker. I really wanted something though that could do a good job capturing video off my old Sony DV Handycam and easily make simple movies suitable for YouTube and/or burning to DVD, but that also gave me room to grow. I've used Ulead products in the past so decided this would be ideal to try.The product comes with a few different modules, from doing a quick capture and creating a simple movie to the full-fledged product with all the usual advanced tools for video editing...transitions, overlays, sound editing, etc. Video editing by nature is not the most intuitive of things for most users that are new to it, but VideoStudio 11.5 does a fairly good job of keeping the basics fairly straightforward. If you are used to using a timeline for creating videos, you've got the same basic thing here. A decent printed manual is included (with rather small text) as well as a PDF user's manual in color. It's well worth going over the user's manual if you are new to editing, as there's not a lot of help within the program itself, and there definitely were times I found myself banging my head on the desk trying to figure something out.I was very impressed with the quality of capture from my older digicam. If you think this is a product only for HD or DV camcorders, think again. This does just fine for older systems that you need to capture the video off of. In the past I've had a lot of issues with poor quality capture that is not clear and smooth and this software didn't have any problem with it. Of course, a lot of that has to do with the system I am using as well, but I've had some pretty good systems in the past and still had trouble getting clean captures. Straight digital video from my digital camera works just fine with it as well of course. And the good thing is once I upgrade, I'll be able to make full use of the more advanced HD features it includes. It definitely can handle a bevy of HD formats, and burn to them as well. The ability though to burn an HD video to a standard DVD is really a nice money and space saver, particularly for fairly short homemade movies.I did find that doing an analog-passthrough process did not work quite flawlessly. This is where you hook a VCR up to the digital camcorder, and it converts the video to digital format which you can then capture on the computer. Great for converting old videotapes and such. Ulead VideoStudio did allow me to do this once I found the setting to turn off the video controller (otherwise it keeps trying to make the camcorder "play" when capturing video, which is not what you want) but it does not display the video during capture and if you go to edit and then return to capture, it resets the control function and you have to remember to turn it off each time. Not ideal...but at least it is possible to do this.I always was not impressed with its ability to tag and organized captured video. This is a big negative for me. After capturing video, I need to be able to make notes about what it is, date it was taken, etc. and there's nothing that I could find to do this. I have to go into another digital file management program to add tags. Likewise, reorganizing videos in VideoStudio is a real pain. After capturing several dozen video clips, I wanted to organize them into some sub-folders. You can create such folders...but there's no way to move folders already in the library to the new ones, you have to delete them, move them manually in File Explorer (if needed) and then reimport them into the new folder in VideoStudio. Really would be nice if it had better file management built in.There's very little I've wanted to do so far when creating movies that I haven't been able to achieve, but sometimes I've had to hunt a bit for it, or utilize a couple techniques together to get what I want. The video filters for instance would not have been the first place I would have thought to look just to crop and stretch a video, but that's where I finally tracked down how to do this. Or setting the background color on a movie, not an intuitive thing to do. While the user guide is helpful, I would have loved some video tutorials to get started with the software.Creating DVDs is pretty straightforward as well and has some nice templates with plenty of editing features. It allows you to make chapter marks inside individual movie clips, and creates submenus for them, which greatly helps when you want to make DVDs with a fair number of small clips in them. Just combine each into a main movie, add your chapter marks while creating the DVD and you are set. As with many products in this price range though, additional levels of submenus and advanced DVD creation isn't really possible.The upload to YouTube feature worked fairly well. You have various video qualities to select from, I have a broadband connection so just went with the highest. It connects to YouTube, pops up your browser and asks for your authorization to continue. You enter in the details for the video and that's it! The quality seemed about on par for YouTube in the past, but they are always improving the quality and sizes of videos they can accept and it didn't look quite as good to me as some videos I've created and uploaded on my own at high qualities. This is one issue with a product like this, that it may not always be quite up-to-par with the current standard, but it definitely wins on convenience. I'm not sure how much I will use it though if they aren't able to improve the quality on future updates.Overall, this is a nice package that will serve the majority of home users very well for their video editing needs. The HD options are definitely worth a look if you have moved into those technologies, but even if you haven't there is a great deal to keep you busy here until such time that you do.
Filmmaking  and video editing are not strengths of mine or applications I  plan to spend a great deal of time with in the future, but I would not consider myself a neophyte either. I have authored DVDs with other software programs, created titles, added subtitle tracks to movies, combined sources from multiple input media. I have tried Roxio Creator 10, Windows Movie Maker and a range of freeware applications. My objective in this case was to capture, contrast and compare a specific group of scenes from three versions of the same film and burn the files to  DVD with menuing and commentary. I tried to duplicate the same procedures in each of the software packages, starting with WMM and concluding with ULead.  My impressions were ULead was not any more difficult to comprehend than the others but it did offer more flexibility and enhanced features that resulted in what I consider to be a superior end product. I cannot discount that `practice' with the other packages may have rendered this software more intuitive however, I found the GUI as easy, or easier to understand and follow than WMM or Roxio, and I elected to use video editing in lieu of the wizard feature.While I only gave it a cursory overview, I happen to be a stickler in some areas like documentation so the inclusion of what I consider to be a thorough user manual - albeit in miniscule type size- rather than requiring the user to log on to a website and download huge PDF files is a big plus in my opinion.  On the other side of the ledger however, I could not register the product as I received a pop-up error message informing me I had attempted to register a `legacy version' that is no longer supported.I did have some installation issues, not with the process itself but rather with outcomes. Installation procedure automatically hijacks default status for copying/playing DVDs, all image display, and contributes to performance degradation by installing at least three start-up applications InterVideoDVD (and this is WinDVD8 while 9 is the current standard), CorelPhotoshop monitor and calls Quicktime, if it is already on your hard drive. It is not an uncommon practice among software creators, what is uncommon here is I do not recall seeing an option during the install to maintain my current default programs. This application seems precariously close to bloatware in my view. I have 4GB of memory, or 3Gb or relevant memory with Vista but when this application is open I cannot run any other  background activities that require higher resource allocation like Outlook. One major sidenote, any program that starts off with the advisory you may want to double cache size is by definition a resource hog. While the system requirements indicate this software will work in a 512mb environment, I think anything under 1Gb is just asking for frustration.
I do most of my video editing on a Mac, with Final Cut Pro (for serious stuff) and iMovie (for home videos to send to the grandparents).  Still, I keep my Mac at work and have a PC at home -- I wanted something better than Windows Movie Maker for home use, something that was easy enough for my kids to use, but had the features I expect.This product fits the bill.  It's not as intuitively easy as iMovie, but has features (like layering) that you don't get there, and it is a lot easier to use than Final Cut Pro.  It has lots of effects, and you can preview them, if you are into that -- my kids are, but I like to keep my videos simple, with layering and compositing, and standard editing transitions like crossfade or fade in fade out, and color correction, being the only effects I use regularly.  I don't have an HD camera so can't vouch for it's ability to work with HD, but it does a fine job working with my DV footage.  I still like iMovie better for the simple stuff and I've already overcome many of the learning curves on Final Cut Pro so will likely continue to use that for more complicated video work, but it's nice to have a decent and fairly inexpensive alternative on my home computer, that is simple enough for my kids to use when they want.
Whilst trivial, the one item I liked the most on this issue of ULEAD is the  capture capability from DVDs through windvd 8.This output file was generally a bmp, and MEDIAONE editor allowed a file to be converted to a smaller file with the same quality.The Central testing area I used is the capture area, since it has the most widespread use in media.There are 7 tools in the Capture Video Tool, and I took a music track and inserted this audio track first.Then I placed a selection of Pictures and movie files from Various sources (such as Windvd 8's capture feature, and the sample media I can gather from other DVDs) and defined the time sequences for each photo or media( The ability to  extend the picture duration out, as well as the video works well in this medium).And after the projext is complete, you can output the project to a pure digital file, or to a DVD using the system. ULEAD can capture from any digital source, and output to any digital source. About the only additional thing I would use is the free application "Quick Media Converter" which makes various media files available to ULEAD, as well as from ULEAD.ULEAD makes the basis for an excellent digital editing system , and in this package the bonus of windvd 8 Silver makes for the best viewer of digital output... the audio quality alone makes the whole thing totally worthwhile, and wether you use it with Bought DVDs or DVDs you mixed down yourself, the audio quality is superb.
As a new user I was afraid to edit and capture video ,and had little hands on experience.I was excited to see that this software offered hope.This software for one who wants to easily produce professional-High Definition camcorders and create High-Definition HD DVDs and Blu-ray discs as well.I had found past experience with ulead products,more amateurish,and less satisfying as this superior video/movie program.I found the graphic face, and organization of the program easy to use without referring to the manual all the time.You can work expediently with convenient template-based Wizards, or or work with manual tools(for the more creatively confident user).You can easily correct common video problems with one-click corrective filters, generate Dolby Digital 5.1 Surround audio tracks, and add pro-quality titles and transitions.The user can Share  movies from ipod to dvd and upload movies them to  YouTube with ease. I watch my results on my home theatre/ent. system too. The exciting VideoStudio has  useful effective graphic features with ease of use.I was new to this and the wizards guided me through  several of the programs options.I reccommend it as it is a good intro to the video editing experience.
Well Blu-Ray is here, and it is a blinding light. With storage capacity of 50GB on a single disc, it is much more than just an entertainment breakthrough, it also doubles as an incredible storage medium. The somewhat expensive as a driveSony BWU200S DVD+/-RW Blu-ray Disc Serial ATA (SATA) Drivehas full recording of Blu-Ray as well as DVD and playback. There are cheaper drives that also record.There are DVD Blu-Ray drives priced all over the map, and many of them are OEM drives only without any software, so when I saw this Corel WinDVD 9 playback software I jumped at it.I know the future of entertainment is already here with a PC Centric system. Even with components, a PC is increasingly becoming a central device.DVD Blu Ray players as standalone devices are to be had for not that much money these days, and Blu-Ray players placed in your PC are not far behind in price. The big advantage of the more expensive Blu-Ray recordables in PC's is that they double as an incredible backup and storage device. Of course you would need another Blu-Ray player to recover the data. As I understand it Windows Vista unfortunately does not directly support Blu-Ray. Maybe someone can chime in with comments on that. Seems like we are so close, yet so far.So what does this Corel WinDVD 9 Plus Blu-Ray player software do for you? It does more than enable Blu-Ray playback on your PC, it also doubles as an enhancer for standard video playback, even standard DVD playback.I am running Windows XP SP3 on an AMD 3800+ 1GB ram. I am running a concert DVD and in the background is an orchestra. I was curious just how effective the ALL2HD feature worked. So I watched the DVD, and the well lit performer in the front was crystal clear already, so I more or less ignored that, what I concentrated on was the dimly lit orchestra in the background, and as it is with poor lighting, it brings out the weaknesses. So I played the show, and when I could get a really good view of the orchestra, I froze the picture, and in freeze mode, the picture did not fade one iota, then I went into the video menu, and set it to ALL2HD, then when I hit the play button, you could see a marked difference in the resolution. The dimly lit players became instantly more defined, and I could not see any lines of resolution bars in the dimly lit area anymore. I am running a NEC 19" CRT AccuSync 95 with up to 1900 x 1400 lines of resolution, and have it set at 1024 x 768.So it did clear up dimly lit areas proving that it will enhance even a DVD playback movie. The only problem is that it made the singer appear as if they were lip syncing, because the processing for the video enhancement resulted in a playback delay. Then I discovered the video "Time Stretch" feature built in, and I tweaked the speed just a hair faster, and Wah lah no more delay, the synchronizing was perfect again, and it did not degrade the viewing experience at all. You would not tell the video was ever so slightly speeded up. If you use the time stretch slide bar you can speed up or slow down the video a lot or a little. Kind of a cool tool for jumping over the parts of a rented DVD that you know you aren't interested in, but want to keep an eye on it to be able to see any good parts before returning it to the store. A feature all too oft needed in a sea of less than spectacular movies, blended in with the great ones.Pertaining to the audio enhancement feature, you can artificially create hall and concert sounds, but to me, someone who is more interested in clear sound, and hearing the nuances of the way the audio engineers spent countless hours mixing, and adjusting it to perfection, I would rather just leave it set to normal, and use the best sound system I can to bring it out. You know the experience, you set it to concert, and the volume drops, and the echo kicks in, and you feel like you are far away from the performer. I like it clean and clear with just the right amount of icing the engineers put in it.I had no problems running this on Windows XP although I see the problems that Vista is having with this. As I understand it, Windows Vista does not support Blu-Ray directly from Media Center, which is most unfortunate. This Corel WinDVD does support in XP all Blu-ray and HD DVD video encoding formats, such as MPEG-4-AVC (H.264), MPEG-2, and VC1, and it also supports HD Audio technologies from Dolby and DTS. (Some of those are standard XP audio and video fare) All in all I gave it 4 stars because it does enhance weaker video, but I took away a star, (maybe I should have taken away 2) for not working, based on the other reviews in Windows Vista.
"WinDVD 9" really is a fantastic, feature rich Blu-ray, DVD, and video playback software package, once you get it installed on a good computer. Here are my observations:First the good -* Picture clarity is simply amazing! The "upscaling" on standard DVDs shocked me at how much better the picture looked* Fantastic features for laptop users, like "TimeStretch", allow for optimal performance* Using the controls are easy with the intuitive user interfaceNow the bad -* Software will install on a system that does not meet the minimum requirements (costing a "*" on my rating). This cost me a good bit of time trying to figure out why a DVD would not play back on my two year old laptop (got an "Overlay" error).* Software will report errors from other programs while installing if the wrong versions are not present. This was explained in a package insert and did not impact the actual installation.Once the software was installed on my new laptop, I was more than pleased with this package and am quite impressed with the performance. Recommended for newer PCs.
Corel WinDVD 9 Plus allows you to play Blu-Ray discs on your computer.  It also upscales standard DVDs to HD resolution.  The upscaling works very well, and looks great on my 20" LCD monitor.  If you have an HD camcorder, you can watch playback on your computer in HD as well - and it supports MPEG-4 and other popular file formats, as well as recorded HDTV programs (M2T).The interface overall is nice and clean, easy to operate.  One fun feature is a boss button, which will move the video player out of the way with the touch of one key.  I don't need this for home, but might be a fun feature for someone.  Another good feature is the "smart stretch" which lets you choose standard or widescreen format.WinDVD 9 Plus also creates a virtual surround sound experience even if you are using simple computer speakers or headphones.  This directionality to the sound is very cool.  For those with nice speaker setups, this software will accommodate Dolby digital surround sound, 6.1 and 7.1 setups, etc.You can do screen captures or short clips from the movies.  Instant replay Ctrl+B lets you jump back if you missed a line or want to repeat the last thing you just saw / heard.Overall, this program worked very well on my system.  I experienced some minor playback issues with skipping when I was trying to navigate menus or do other things while the video was playing.  Corel offers a 30 day trial on their website.  This will allow you to determine how the software runs on your system before purchasing the full version.
Its great for fact it allows you to bascially turn your existing computer with a dvd drive into a nice small entertainment center. I keep my computers in my bedroom and They act as my dvd player . Thank to the introduction of Blu ray and the way I will be viewing them someday is through a ps3 which I am saving money for but in the future if I did decide to get a external bluray burner or something for my pc this would be great for using those movies on as well. It also has real player software so you can install that. Its not no big deal in that I already had simliar software windows media and something I got with my dell from dell to view movies. This seems over to be very nice software none the less for the movie enthusiast or for those who burn dvds and Sometimes other dvd players might not read those and this software helps with that. It has all the codecs and stuff you need right on here.  I guess all there is left to do now is have a movie marathon and enjoy this awesome new software thanks to the vine program .Its great software I would suggest getting it if you use your pc as a movie player/entertainment system  as I do.
I am always concerned when I add "anything" extra or special to my laptop. Will the software which I am considering ultimately be the final "coup de grace" which sends my whole system over the edge, figuratively? Then where will I be? Sitting helplessly as my laptop swears at me and leaves town once again? I hate that, and it makes me timid. My watchword concerning computers tends to be this: avoid adding anything to a computer you own which is actually in any sort of working order.We go through laptops like other households go through cheesy poofs, and it's alwas a time consuming mess to get one fixed. And we are always, always doing that, because we have a lot of enthusiastic kids, and they LOVE computers. So...is it surprising when one breaks again? Never, to us.We even have two laptops with the dreaded Vista. We are desolate when they are temporarily out of commission. Supposedly this program works with Vista. I did not attempt that however, because loading this and breaking everthing was not the point, for the purposes of this review.I am prefacing this review with all this info because despite the situation here, the idea of Bue-ray availabilty was too tempting to resist.  I HAD to try this (ultimately worthwhile) software item on one of our computers.And guess what: it was worth it! WinDVD9 Plus Blu-ray is great! Its easy to install, easy to use program enables you to make your DVDs look like HD video!What an astounding difference!  The clarity is amazing and incredible.What's more, you can play both Blu-ray and HD discs. It even supports Dolby True HD and DTS-HD.It's a wonder!Corel is a fine company which generally makes products I find excellent. So here you go. If you want to take a chance, as I did, give this a try and see what you think! I am glad we have it!
We don't really have many Blu-Ray videos, but since we haven't invested in a Blu-Ray player just yet (thank you PS3!) I figured it would be useful to be able to watch them on the laptop. The installation was quick and easy on on a 2-year-old XP laptop and didn't experience any lag or hangups when running the software. The interface was easy to navigate from the get go and even a novice like me could figure out what I was doing (and that's saying a lot!). It was truly easy to just pick up and get started right out of the box. Perhaps more important than that, it definitely improved the picture quality on the laptop. It has given me a way to enjoy movies of my own while my husband's watching his guy movies about blowing stuff up and chopping arms off. Good stuff! It is a little bit expensive, but this type of software always is. Not having any other software to compare it to, I'd say it was worth the purchase price.
This is not a bad program as a matter of fact its a very Good Media Player....with a couple of exceptions.Pros: Simplicity, video's better quality WITHOUT the up-conversion. It took me by surprise when I realized the up-scaling feature was still off.Being able to tweak the up-scaling was new to me and is really nice. If this is what we have to look forward to since COREL took over, WinDVD just may dominate without busting a sweat.Cons: The ONLY thing that keeps WinDVD from being the perfect "Big 5" is that some settings, once in awhile, fall back to default. Such as speaker. I set to 6.1, I check later, somehow it changed back to 2.0.It's an off and on problem. Before COREL, it was WORSE. Just turn it off and that and other settings reverted.To be fair, the speaker setting went backwards only one time with this new & improved', but it brought with it some heavy baggage of memories pre- COREL... I get over that and it will be a real 'no brainer' when choosing what DVD player to use. Nonetheless, a good media player, if you're willing to shell out $80.
WinDVD 9 Plus BluRay works well. My most difficult part of the install was getting past the serial number. Note to Corel, use a better font if you insist on placing a W next to a V in your numbers. After that the install was straight forward with no issues. I have an Intel Quad Core CPU with 4 Gigs of RAM running Vista 32 SP1.  My player is the LG BluRay/HDDVD combo drive, my nVidia video card has HDMI out as well as DVI. The DVI goes to my PC monitor the HDMI to my 37" HDTV, adjacent to my computer. All are HDCP compliant. I say this so you know it should all work by spec. Well, it does. I had no issues and no problems. I tried various HiDef DVDs of both flavors and all played without issue. Of note, because I know Nero with HD support fails on this. WinDVD 9+ can start playing on either monitor. I can even start it on my PC and drag it to the TV via extended desktop and it plays fine. This is very handy and appreciated.The program has a very clean user interface. Everything is right there and easy to use. There are some built in audio effect that I usually don't like, but they did make my TVs internal speakers sound better than normal. On initial install it did warn about running Vista in "Basic",  that stopped with a download from the Corel site with an update. The automatic updater did not see this update as available? Corel needs to work on their built in updater.Overall I like the product a lot and will be using it as my HiDef DVD player of choice. It is a fine choice for this type of application. I would have given 5 stars if there were some more basic CD/DVD utilities in the package. It would be nice to have everything in one box when you get the premium product of the line. Still, very good.
I can't tell you how to install because I have no patience with reading long directions, so that is my husband's department. So... he installed it and since he was cursing less so than with most of these programs, I think it's safe to say it wasn't too hard. (And our computer didn't crash and I'm so relieved!) But if you are like me about understanding all the new computer age gadgets, you might want to get someone else to read all the product information and all the reviews of people who know what they are doing before buying. I can say that I cannot believe how the colors look much more vivid than before and I love it! I'm still learning all about it and it's much more fun learning by doing than learning by reading the manual! In other words, my husband got the headache from installing while I have the fun in exploring. I'm sure he'll love it too once he's recuperated....
My friend and I struggled for about a week to get this to work. She enjoys watching movies on her PC laptop, which so we thought this would be a great addition for it. We were wrong at first, but eventually got it right. The secret is, I think, you have to have the latest operating software and a very powerful laptop.Like many of the other reviewers here, we at first had tons of trouble installing it. In fact, it wouldn't install at all! After a few hours of fiddling, we gave up.Then, after reading some of the other reviews here, we thought we would try updating her Vista operating system. We installed theWindows Vista Ultimate with SP1 Upgrade.Now everything works well. I'm not enough of a techie to know WHY everything works well, but with the system update this software installed smoothly and seems to do everything it is advertised to do.
The DUH Report:1. Corel WinDVD9 plus Blu-ray  was not created by Merlin. In order to view content of Blu-ray or HDDVD disks, a compatible PC player is required.  However, file formats for Blu-ray and HD are supported so the files can be played directly from a resident hard drive or streamed from a storage device. That is significant if one customarily downloads HDTV content.2. RTFB. The box packaging of this software lists minimum system requirements for playback of Blu-ray/HD disks and well as requirements for playback of standard DVDs.3.RTFM. There is one and comparatively speaking, it is rather comprehensive.4.If you have a PC with Vista, get up to speed on the difference between Vista certified and Vista compatible. Now, by this point in the lifecycle of an O.S. there is little justification for a new software release to be compatible rather than certified, but that is the case here.My Short Story:Intel Core2Duo processor operating at 2.33GHz with 4MB cache, 4GB SDRAM at 800MHz, 256MB NVIDIA Geforce 8400 series video card, Vista Ultimate 32 -bit edition w/ SP2, Soundblaster Audigy Audio, external NAS( for streaming video), 16x standard DVD RW drive, 20 inch LCD monitor with HDCP.The Feature Presentation:Installation from the provided CD is rather pro-forma except it is imperative to pay attention as one clicks through screens to avoid accepting installation of Real Player, Quicktime and a Google Taskbar. The first two products are required but there is no reason to overlay if current versions are already resident on the computer. The latter item, is an infuriating practice many vendors employ as a default selection. What this also means is the user will be required to disable Corel, Real Player and Quicktime if it is not desired to have them opened as part of start-up processing.  AACS Key renewal is also built into WinDVD, meaning at some point in the future you will be surprised to discover your disks will not play until your key is renewed.  Curiously, for downloaded content that has been copied to a disk, The copy protection seems to be ignored however when attempting to play the same file from a HD, the video portion is not visible.For users who may be familiar with WinDVD8, the GUI is very similar however the pull-down menus are displayed with names rather than icons. Notwithstanding support for Blu-ray/HD the most visible additions appeared to be the time-stretch facility and video capture, a superfluous feature if you already have video editing software.The interface lists UPnP servers as a recognized source.  I found I had to search the Network to find my NAS as it was not automatically available. Other enhancements like color will not work with all stated supported file formats regardless of the activation status of hardware decode acceleration.  With a standard DVD RAM utilization varied from a low of 55MB to just over 100MB. When playing a Blu-ray H.264 file, RAM utilization shot up to 260 MB, which began to be cumbersome with other resource intensive applications  like Outlook running in the background. I suppose if one is watching movies, the philosophy is why would you need the other applications active. With H. 264 format I noticed color settings and Aero display were forced back to basic but I did not experience the same results with standard DVDs or AVI and VOB files. Dynamic messaging is the default setting which can also be annoying but it is easily rectified by disabling in under setup options.  ALL2HD is a nice feature allowing simulation of HD output for standard disks although it should be noted it does not work for all disks. Another feature is timestretch where the user has the capability to speed up playback for instances where one might be pressed for time but where I found it most valuable was in the ability to synch video and audio for a couple of burned DVDs where the lips were moving but the video failed to follow suit in timely fashion.WinDVD9 also expands audio capability similar to the options available with most home theatre systems. I haven't figured out the advantage of `Late night' and how it differs from just turning down the volume but maybe it will dawn on me later.Summation:At first blush, this software didn't impress me as holding many advantages over freeware applications I could get from other sources and I'm still less than enthused with the copy protection inhibitors but as I play with it more, it's growing on me. For Blu-ray/HD playback it appears to be a keeper but if one's primary usage will be for standard DVDs the additional features do not justify the higher expenditure. Some installations may encounter problems but for mid-range configurations, including Vista, I see no reason to exclude Corel WinDVD9 from your considerations.
I was able to review this product in three stages.  First I started with a stock Dell Inspiron 518 with on-board video and no blu-ray player.  Results, no better than Windows Media Player.Then I had a chance to run the program with a EVGA 8600GTS in the system, and the all2hd options became available for standard DVDs.  To say I was shocked at the quality improvement would be accurate.  I never thought that software could improve the base quality of a DVD so dramatically.  WinDVD9 turns standard DVDs into HD quality and that is no exaggeration.  The stock "enhancement" program that came with my dell "MediaDirect" could not hold a candle to WinDVD9.Finally, I had a chance to run the software with a blu-ray player installed and here is where it gets a little disappointing.  The playback of the blu-ray version of Spider-man 3 was merely OK.  I'm not prepared to fully blame the software here because there are also three pieces of hardware that are involved (the drive, the video card, and the monitor).  I will update this review as I try other disks.  Since it wasn't 100% good "out of the box" I took off a star.
Overall I was really impressed with Corel WinDVD 9 Plus Blu-ray. It had some very nice features that improved the audio, video, plus some additional cool features.First off, I love the color enhancements. The presets for LCD, CRT, and Projector were very nice. The projector enhancement darkened the overall picture, but increased the contrast, the LCD improved the brightness. I didn't play too much with the CRT preset because I don't have any CRT monitors at present.Next, there were some video enhancement features, but I wonder why some were included. I primarily use the "cinema enhancement" in conjunction with the upsampling of regular DVDs. It produced a noticeably crisper, brighter, and detailed picture that the standard settings. There are also options to view in vintage (similar to sepia tone), negative, abstract, and more which I didn't find added anything to any DVD I tried.Corel WinDVD 9 also has Smart Stretch settings, so at the click of a button you can change for 4:3 to 16:9, or even manually adjust your screen width so your movie will fill the screen completely.My favorite feature is the time stretch feature. You can adjust the playback speed to go faster or slower depending upon how much time you have to watch the film. I found that 20% faster was just as easy to understand and was a real time saver. Faster speeds worked well too, but I don't expect everyone will enjoy watching a movie any faster than at a 20% increase.My primary complaint is that the controls, especially the video controls don't work during pause. It would be nice to pause a scene and then make adjustments to get the picture just perfect.Another really nice feature of Corel WinDVD 9 is the Trimension All2HD which up-scales even better than the standard up-scaling and cinema enhancement offered in the color controls. At first I didn't believe it was making a difference, and then I clicked on "demo mode" which made the left side of my screen "as is" while the right side of my screen showed the picture with Trimension All2HD. The picture difference was stunning, and I would have believed my DVD was a blu-ray even though it was not. I will caution you though that unless you have plenty of RAM, it will be choppy at times. I am running Windows Vista Home Premium SP1, 32-bit operating system with 2 GB of RAM on a 17" HP Pavilion laptop, and although I loved the Trimension All2HD, I had to switch back to standard upsampling (vs. up-scaling) because it was not smooth playback even though the picture was stunning.This software really shines with the audio controls. This software supports Dolby surround and Dolby Pro Logic movie and music modes, as well as multiple speaker configurations. The hall effects included with this software also has hall effects including Sydney Theater, Chicago Theater, and Broadway Theater. The DSP settings have 17 equalizer modes to suit any type of music, plus custom and default settings.Overall I'm happy with this software, but I wish I had more RAM to fully utilize the Trimension All2HD up-scaling, and I wish you could pause to see the effects on a still screen. I also found this software crashes much more often than other DVD playback programs, but I'm hoping through software updates they can work out some of those issues. I find if I make too many adjustments that the program just crashes, but now that I know my preferred settings and stick with them it's become more stable.
I travel a lot and I rely on my laptop for DVD play back while on the road.  I was surprised that the up scaling of the standard DVD actually made a difference.Pros:- installed with no problems at all (running Vista Home Premium w/ 4 gigs of RAM)- program ran smoothly w/ no sluggishness- improved video quality (while noticeable on most disks did notice and improvement mostly w/ older DVDs and also home burnt DVDs)- nice user interfaceCons:Nothing I've found so far.I you are wanting a better playback software for DVDs this is a nice step up from the prepackaged software w/ Windows.
I've seen the reviews on this product, and all of the comments about trying to install it on Vista, however I experienced none of those issues. I installed Corel WinDVD 9 Plus Blu-ray on four different computers.  Two with XP and two with Vista. I experienced no installation issues at all, and the software worked great.  The playback looked great for Blu Ray movies and for DVD.  The detail was sharp and clean, and I experienced no problems with stuttering during playback.  I was also able to set up my Snapstream Firefly remote so that I could control most of the functions of playback.On my other three computers, I tried the software out with DVD upscaling.  The upscaling looked great and it really did make a significant difference with my movies than playback with Media Player Classic.  My only problem with this software is that I don't like the interface at all.  It looks too much like Windows Media Player, and there were too many options and buttons on it I didn't use.  Of course, this isn't an issue in full screen mode, but I still would have liked a little cleaner interface.  Otherwise though, I am very happy with the software.
So far, so good!  I had no problems installing this on a computer with vista.  It was easy to use and actually quite impressive. If you are not quite ready to go with a BluRay player,get this!  It's a great alternative!
Corel WinDVD 9 Plus (Blu-ray)WinDVD 9 Plus Blu-ray has been highly anticipated as Corel's answer to Blu-ray technology for DVD and video playback.  I was skeptical because some reviews state problems running the program on Windows Vista machines, even though the program is designed to be compatible.  Others mention skipping and location of controls.Notwithstanding, I decided to test the program for myself.  (I run Windows XP, Service Pack 3 on my desktop where I often watch DVDs while working on craft projects.)Installation was extremely easy and fast, but the performance is what's really exciting.  With WinDVD 9 it's possible to make a standard DVD play like High Definition.  WinDVD's All2HD upscaling increases frame size to HD resolution and sharpens each image while maintaining clean, crisp edges.  Even better, there's an anti-blur technology to ensure smooth action images.Hook up your stand-alone speakers for real surround sound or for movies on the go, take your laptop with you.  Battery optimization ensures you see the entire movie.System requirements (for standard  DVD and Video playback - higher for Blu-ray):Windows XP, Service Pack 2 or later.  (Note Windows Vista is listed as compatible, but check this out as some have had problems.)  As a minimum requirement you'll need an Intel Pentium III with at least 800MHz or equivalent AMD Athlon, at least 512MB of RAM, 200MB of hard-disk space for installation, a wide-screen monitor and an on-board audio card.WinDVD 9 Plus Blu-ray supports DVD-Video, DivX, RealPlayer, Quicktime, Windows Media, H.264 and AVI.All in all, this is a neat program to enhance your standard DVD viewing, but there are less expensive Blu-ray playback products on the market.  However, if you're a Corel fan as I am, this might be the product for you.
I am very happy with Corel WordPerfect Office X4 - Standard Edition.  The software was easy to load on my home desktop which uses Windows XP.  Having used WordPerfect and other Corel products before, I expected that I would be happy with this software, but it exceeded my expectations.  Using Microsoft Office on my work computers, the ability to use this software to interface with Microsoft Office documents was a bonus for me. Though this interface with Office is not seamless, I am able to use Corel WordPerfect Office X4 - Standard Edition for working with most of my Microsoft Office documents.This is a very versatile office suit that allows you to do the work that you would do with Office, Powerpoint or Excel and adds the power of managing e-mail.As I do a lot of work with PDF files - the built-in PDF tools are a wonderful addition to this office suite that allows me to work with such documents without needing to spend money on additional software.This is a power-packed versatile office suite that I have found to be user friendly, multipurpose and effective.
I'm still learning all the features of this software.  So far, it has met my needs, so I'm pleased with it.
The WordPerfect Office suite includes all the various programs you'll need to fill your productivity needs: word processor, spreadsheet, database, email, slideshow program and more. It seems that Corel has finally nailed the office suite (after many failed attempts) and can give Microsoft Office a run for its money. It's a good product and it's priced competitively.Is it better than Microsoft Office? That will depend a lot on your personal preferences regarding the interface, look-and-feel, usability, etc. And there's no way to really determine that without trying it. But it's certainly comparable in terms of its features and design.I'm still a fan of Office 2003, as I find that it suits my needs quite well. (The new Office 2007... not so much.) But this is a strong competitor.
For the past year, ever since Microsoft's Office 2007 came-out, I've been in a quandary: I felt that Office 2007 had become too complicated.Well, let's face-it, there always was more that Office could do than you needed, but with 2007, and the "ribbon," I found myself playing "hide and seek" with Microsoft's programmers for menu items that were either relocated or deleted (for instance, the insertion of a date that will automatically update itself for a template must have been something "extra" that Microsoft feels it could do without).As recently as four years ago, I looked into WordPerfect Suite 12, but the lack of a mail program stopped me, now with X4 I feel confident enough to ditch Office; however, there are a couple of sticky points one must consider before abandoning the Microsoft ship.On the positive side:  WordFerfect is truly an adaptive wordprocessor.  It is, no-holds-barred, the most complimentary word processor I have ever seen.  It even can convert files into Wordstar, which is a strange, insofar as I haven't heard of anyone useing Wordstar since 1990, and it handled the conversion of Word to WordPerfect, and vice versa, easily.  It even opened and converted Word files to pdf files without any complications.For those who don't remember, Quatro Pro, originally developed by Borland, was the "plain English" command spreadsheet program that Microsoft emulated when it first developed Excel.  I found Quatro Pro readily able to convert Excel files, and I found that it handled the equations fine in the files that I tried.  I did find that sometimes the table boxes were in a larger size than the original, but this was easily re-sized, which I have to tell you isn't as easy with Excel.WordPerfect Mail turned-out to be the weakest of the included programs, in my opinion, but it did everything I wanted it to do.  At first it seemed to rely on using Outlook's files to build its contact list, and would even import all of ones mail from Outlook.  Contacts could be imported from Outlook via a CSV (Comma Separated Value) file that was easier to use between programs than it was when I imported contacts to the Microsoft Office for Mac's mail program, Entourage.  I did find that WordPerfect Mail took up to a minute to load sometimes, which seemed odd, especially when no other of the suite's program had any delays in loading.When I purchased Microsoft Office 2007, I found myself buying the full product because I was tired of having to go through the loading of upgrade products until I got to Office 2003.  When I upgraded my computer or had to restore it to the original factory settings, I was having to load Word for Windows 2.0, then load Office '97, then Office XP, and finally Office 2003.  On top of this, with Microsoft Office 2007 it appears that Microsoft is so worried about piracy that Office 2007 interacts, via the Internet, with Microsoft so much that this has caused from problems for me when the Internet was reduced to a crawl, or my ISP's servers were down.  WordPerfect Office X4 is still a stand alone product, and that is a plus.If WordPerfect Office X4 a suitable alternative to Microsoft Office 2007?  Yes, and its price is more than competitive.
This version is a good improvement from its last. While WordPerfect's comfortable interface hasn't changed much in nearly a decade, the office software market has. WordPerfect is now a very distant second to Microsoft Office. In this position, WordPerfect's most important feature is offering compatibility for file formats from other programs.The core WordPerfect Office applications support an impressive range of file formats, including Open Document Format (ODF), the very oldest WordPerfect versions, and a few ancient Microsoft Office formats (Word for DOS, anyone?) that even Microsoft doesn't support anymore. Most important, WordPerfect Office can open the latest XML file formats from Office 2007 (those with the -x extensions, like .docx, .xlsx, and .pptx). In fact, WordPerfect seems to have an easier time dealing with the new Microsoft Office file formats than with the traditional ones, and often imports them with fewer glitches.I found WordPerfect's compatibility is extremely good - but not perfect. Most of the Word documents I tested imported without a hitch, although I had problems with richly formatted documents, such as missing or mangled pictures. Overall, WordPerfect's support for Office file formats is good enough for me to manage my documents.
WordPerfect is a very good program. It has plenty of features and powerful editing capabilities. WP Office can't rest on its laurels and massive sales like Office can so it makes it up by pushing the feature set further. In particular, WP is much better at dealing with older documents, including docs from older versions of Office.  However, its one drawback is that it isn't Office and thus there can be incompatabilities with newer formats.  This can be a dealbreaker but if it isn't then this is a great, inexpensive choice for an Office Suite.
I love love LOVE the PDF capabilities that come with Wordperfect X4.  The spreadsheet is incredibly easy to use.  All in all a very nice application.
I found lots to like about Corel's WordPerfect Office X4.  And, speaking as an unhappy employee forced to use WordPerfect back in the Dark Ages, I can attest to the improvements that Corel has made in this suite of Office applications.  Here are a few of the pros and cons of this program as I've experienced them:PROS:WordPerfect X4 is easy to use, and it is easier to manage my blog with text from WordPerfect than with text written in Word 2007.Same with Quattro X4 - easy to use, fast-running.  No complaints here.WordPerfect Office X4 comes with a tutorial video that shows you how to do all manner of interesting things with your office suite.  I've only completed half of it, and I've already learned some new time-saving tricks.I've used the PDF maker to great advantage, and I'm very pleased with the results. I also appreciate not having to buy Adobe Acrobat yet again.CONS:WordPerfect is designed to work with documents from every conceivable word processor.  Ahem - isn't that a bit of overkill, or could it perhaps be managed during program installation so that my computer doesn't have to host such a big program?WordPerfect Lightning was a big problem for me.  It did not work and play well with the rest of the programs on my computer.  I finally uninstalled it because it popped up unexpectedly and interfered with my ongoing work.I have yet to try the month's free trial of Corel's Visual Intelligence, but I can report that it is a subscription-based service.  Every year you get to pay again, and, somehow, that rubs me the wrong way.  I'll buy a program (I know, I know, I'm only leasing it), but I don't want to buy the same program over and over every year.  So I consider this feature, which may in fact be very good, to be a pain.Overall, I find more pros than cons with WordPerfect Office X4.  It's not perfect, but, as a regular user for two months, I've found that it meets my needs most of the time.  I won't be going back to Microsoft Office.Three and  stars!
I've used MS word in various versions and somewhere I have a copy of Wordstar-- a word processing application from the early 80's.  But somehow I always come back to Wordperfect.I installed this on a custom built computer that is a bit faded-- 448 megabyte RAM, 991 MHz processor-- but adequate.  It is running XP home edition and it is intended to be used mainly for word processing so a lot of the bells and whistles such as the multimedia presentations, data analysis and digital notebook will be used little if at all.  I don't know at what point feature rich became bogged down with dozens of useless doodads-- some of them like calling the mardi gras beads hanging from the rearview mirror of a teenager's car a "feature", but it's happened to nearly all the office suites so I just install what I need and ignore the rest.One nice touch about this program is that it comes with a training cd and a pretty good guide book right in the box.  I also appreciate the PDF capabilities because one particular web site that I have to load documents onto on a regular basis requires PDF-- and if you want to talk about bloated then talk about Adobe.I honestly didn't have any trouble with installation or use.  I really like the number of formats that can be imported into the program-- I using the Masterdocument feature to build a 20 page project from various sources, some of them fairly ancient and it handled everything from MSWord 2005 to Wordperfect 10.  No, I didn't have anything in Wordstar to throw at it.
An interesting alternative to Microsoft Office and nearly comparable in price and after some give and take, although unintended by Corel, the features are just about equal. Some may say this program is a bit buggy, but I wouldn't go that far as most of us won't be putting it through such extreme paces trying to find a good benchmark for it.A lot of Business, Legal, Government and Industry professionals have been using this program in its earlier version for years. The Master Documents feature is one of its strongest features, allowing you to build huge documents out of separate files and manage them seamlessly, much fast and far better than the old `cut and paste'. Lightning Note helps the user to achieve this and embeds itself into right-click menus that one can easily get adjusted to.Some things about this program seemed a bit hyped, like the PDF support and handling which is hit or miss, mostly miss -- and Quattro Pro is honestly a poor substitute for Excel, especially Excel 2007.While some users may have recently abandoned Microsoft Office permanently because of the 2007 Office release being such a strange departure from all its previous versions and upsetting a large portion of its base of users, I don't believe that this is the program to supplant it. OpenOffice, a free program, is a still a strong rival in this market and will continue to force the two largest Office program suppliers to better their wares.
One of the things I like about Corel is that unlike other products, they seem to stand up with the competition, meaning Microsoft.  Microsoft Office is everywhere, but a great alternative to the highly priced MS Office suite.  Corel Wordperfect Office X4 Standard has some really great features.  The first thing that I REALLY like is the fact that you can create .PDF versions of your document.  This is invaluable.Impressive is the option when you load the Wordperfect or Quattro Pro programs it gives you the ability to work in microsoft Word, or Excel mode.  Giving you the flexibility to create or open documents in these formats.I did encounter a problem when trying to open documents I previously created in microsoft Works.  The program stopped working and it sent the problem to Microsoft.  How ironic.  But, I will probably have to open up the documents in works, save them as .WPD and then open them.  Not a problem.  By the way, I am running Windows Vista Ultimate.Wordperfect Office X4 not only comes with wordprocessing and spreadsheet software, but also software for making charts and presentations.  Also software designed to display slide show presentations.  That would be equivelant to Microsoft's PowerPoint.Corel has come a long way since it's older versions, but, now it seems that they are here to stay.I recommend this product for those that are interested in an alternative to the Microsoft Office package or those that are familiar with the Corel products.
I am going to use this product along with a mini-notebook for an upcoming bicycle tour.  The plugin USB GPS along with the updated mapping software will make an excellent guide, and an indispensible aid in travelling.Installation is simple and easily done.  I have had no problems zeroing in our my area.
What with the price of dedicated GPS units these days I was not sure what you'd get for this price but it seems to do it's job quite well.I'm used to a stand alone GPS unit that costs six times what this one does so was prepared to find many things wrong with this.  I did not however..Installed on a two year old Dell 2Ghz notebook with 2gb of ram, running Vista 32bitLongish install from the DVD with a couple of hitches but nothing real bad.. seems to do a bit of "thinking" without telling you what's going on.Maps look good and can be used without GPS if you just want to use them like that..  USB, GPS dongle supplied did it's thing and found satellites withing about 2 mins on first use and quicker after that.  Never lost them on the first 90 min test trip.  Note that I could NOT get GPS to work in the house at all, only outside or in the car.  (two story wood structure)GPS unit works best with the extension cord in place and I feel it's also safer than using it sticking right out the side of the notebook since you will be moving it around on the seat quite a bit, and could break one or both the unit or the usb port.The supplied extension cord could and should be about twice it's length however, notebook will have to be on the seat or someone's lap when in use and short cord JUST makes it to the dash.Also, the GPS dongle will slide around the dash on turns unless you figure a way to secure it, I noted that it could actually slide right out the window if open.Something as simple as a small ball of poster putty (fun tack) should do the trick unless you use dash cleaner that leaves residue, then perhaps a small suction cup made to hold the window trinkets will work on the glass or even the suction cup things that you can put under a bar of soap will do it.Dongle fit a bit loose in the USB socket on the cord and socket needed to be bent in a bit so that it didn't come out on it's own.Anyway, this setup kept track of our trip that had many turns and short sections added to it and did not drop out one time.Was straight forward matter to change the route that was generated with the first two start and stop points entered.You can just add more stops and place them where you want to go between if you don't like the automated trip calculations with only the first two. Move your stop points around and hit recalculate to see what works best for you.  Save route and load it when you are ready to drive.Add in the price of gas and how many MPG you get, and if you drive faster than speed limits or slower etc and it will come up with the cost of the trip also.  At least for the fuel used.It did seem to call out the next turn a bit early for my tastes, but hitting the space bar once will repeat the voice call out.  Hitting the space bar twice will call out the turn after that coming up also.  You can read the directions on screen at the same time, but unlike regular GPS units, it's down low so not a good idea to look while driving IMO.Noted that with the car windows down it was not as easy to hear the voice commands as with a GPS mounted on the windscreen right in front of you. Traveled a bit after dark and needed to have the 15" screen turned away from me (even on night view) to avoid distraction.. that points the notebook speakers away from you also.Could use Bluetooth head set or even a Bluetooth to radio unit to go through your radio speakers but have not tried that yet.After arrival at the destination, a simple matter to click on "reverse trip" and it does it all again back the way you came.  Again, worked just fine doing that.Lots of on screen controls and adjustments available, but again, not for the driver to use, need a passenger for that to be safe.At this price level, this works really well and has so many of the popular features found on much more expensive GPS units.But then.. you had to buy the computer that takes out most of the cost 8-)I sure would not buy a notebook just to use this, but if you have a fairly powerful one, I think you might like this product.As someone else has stated, very odd that MS has the voice files that can not pronounce easy travel things like U.S. 103 and has to say "us" instead, seems like it would be a matter of a space between U & S in the program code to make it work.  Also butchers many other common prefixes on roads and highways... but of course, you know what it means unless you've never driven before.I'm sure that how fast and smooth your notebook runs will determine to a great extent how much you like this product.  Min requirements from Microsoft might not be best results, as in cases, more computer horse power is always best.Safety first, don't drive and play with this at the same time unless you pull over first.
I had been debating whether to get a GPS (like a TomTom) and didn't want to spend that much on a navigator. So I was glad to try this product out. Of course, you have to deal with your own laptop issues in a vehicle when you want to use this - so it's a little more burdensome than a TomTom. But I found it quite useful.The software installation was nice and simple for me - I have XP. But at home, my GPS was not picking up many satellites. It did eventually find some, but it took a while. And every time I start up the software, it seems to take a few minutes to find the satellites from inside my home. That part was not good because I wanted to make sure I knew how to use the product before going out on the road! But eventually, it would track enough satellites to give me good directions, etc. The audio was loud enough on my laptop, but I think it could stand to be louder. You never know when you're going to drive through a very noisy intersection, etc. And then there are plenty of tools in this software. Calculate the cost of a trip (you can input gas price, etc.), find good restaurant deals on a certain route, etc. I haven't used all the tools much, but I'm sure these are great for the frequent travelers.Overall, I think for the price, this is a pretty good product.
The product installed easily on my laptop and works great.  This product offers a relatively cheap solution for navigation providing one already has a laptop.  The only problem I have with it is that it uses the same old irritating product activation Microsoft is infamous for.Also included within the box is a promo code that can be used to "purchase"  Microsoft Money Plus for free.  I used it and obtained a copy of Money Home and Business normally selling for 69.99 for free.  You have to be careful in applying the code however or Microsoft will end up charging you.  The Money product is good for only 2 years however before it times out and forces you to upgrade.
The best way to describe Microsoft Streets & Trips is to say it's like having an internet mappimg site (like MapQuest.com) running  on your computer so you don't need to be connected to the internet.You enter the start and end points, along with any places you wish to stop at along the way.  S&T; will then calculate the route. It also gives you estimated drive times. One nice feature is that if you are connected to the internet while you're planing your trip, it will go out and get updated road construction and detour info. It uses this info to determine the best route. You can also find places(hotels, restaurants, etc) near your route. Once you're happy with the route, you can print a map and/or driving instructions.If you have a laptop, add the GPS (plugs into the USB port on your computer) and it will act like the type of GPS that works in your car. Your laptop talks just like other GPS units, telling you where and when to turn. While it works just as well as my Garmin, I just don't have room for a laptop in the front seat of my car (if I have a passenger). One major advantage over standard auto GPS units is that maps and database in Streets & trips are updated pretty frequently and it's free. You update over the internet just like any other software. My Garmin is updated every year (and at a cost of about $75.00). Score one for Microsoft!All in all, I will use it at home for a trip planner but still use my Garmin in the car.
In true nerd fashion, I cajoled my friend on a mini road trip around Chicago, using my Blackberry's GPS, a Garmin GPS and my laptop with MS&T; 2009. After a few minutes, I gave up on the Blackberry and focused on the Garmin vs MS&T; shootout.Here's what I found:* The software was pretty easy to install, and worked fine on a Mac (running Windows in VMWare Fusion)* MS&T; was slightly faster when we deviated and route recalculation versus the Garmin GPS.* The GPS dongle worked fine and got signal quicker than my Garmin, but not by much. I didn't do anything indepth about what had a faster signal acquisition, but it just worked.* Text to speech was just ok. Both my Garmin and MS&T; were close enough. Like any text to speech thing, you'll encounter all sorts of interesting sayings. It's a matter of preference - I don't care if it gets hung up on "US 41" (I prefer to think it's saying "us" as in "me and Anna, the computer voice".)It comes down to this - if I'm driving, do I want to be turning my head pretty far to look at a laptop for navigation, or do I want a dash-mounted unit? Basically if you're driving by yourself, this is a disaster waiting to happen. If you've got a navigator who doesn't mind having a laptop in their lap, then this will work fine.Honestly, I think you might be better off suited getting a dedicated Garmin or TomTom unit IF you're looking at buying something new.But the price for S&T; isn't that bad, plus you get a nice GPS dongle. It does have its purposes and solves problems, but you have to decide whether it's worth dragging the laptop around in the car.
This has two items in it that deserve separate mention. The first is the GPS receiver.  I have previously used a Garman GPS 60cs for hiking and such, but even as it's great for tracking in the wilderness it doesn't have near the detail that newer, larger, more street driving, oriented GPS's have.  But, it has a good signal and is pretty rugged.  That's the comparison.  The USB GPS provided took a bit bit longer than my Garmin to find the location, but when it did it was pretty surprisingly accurate.  It was very easy to install on my XP laptop, and really worked well in tracking movement and location.  The first time I plugged it in I was in the living room of a 1st floor apartment.  The signal didn't seem to go through the walls very well, and it couldn't pick anything up. That's to be expected.  Outside that location, everything worked perfect.  Easily linked up with the Streets & Trips.A lot of details have already been given about Streets and Trips itself. I have used Garmin's software--both their North America Streets version and their Western National Parks/Forests version.  I've also become quite a fan of google maps, with occasional use of the other versions.  The major benefit, of course, to Streets and Trips is that unlike Google or the others it doesn't depend on an internet connection.  The major benefit, of course, of another Garmin or other type of GPS is that even this version packaged with the GPS is significantly cheaper--if you have a laptop already.The software is easy to use and intuitive.  I need to poke around more but I've been pretty satisfied so far. The list of interesting places is very good, as is the overall maps and associated tools. I've not used previous versions of Streets and Trips, so I can't compare this particular version to previous ones.The one big issue I have with it, that has me using Google a lot in short, one-stop trips is that there doesn't seem to be a way of rerouting the directions.  With Google, a little cursor click and move can shift the route to something that might be preferred for whatever reason. Living in the LA area, as I do, there are a lot of ways to get from here to there, and a lot of reasons why what might seem on paper to be the best isn't at all the best.  The only other downside isn't to do with the software, but instead having to bring my laptop with me places.  Meaning this really is something that I'd use a lot for longer trips, but not as much for the shorter ones.I'm quite pleased, especially given the price.
Microsoft MapPoint 2009 is for me Google Map with coupons.  I have not yet used the integrated feature of activating a GPS receiver with this software so I'm guessing that the MapPoint will have greater utility when connected to GPS.  Just as I have always done using Google Map I entered my starting point from my house and plotted a map with directions to my sister's house near New Orleans.  Pretty much did the same thing as Google Map.  The plus to this software is that you can do much on your desktop instead of being constantly plugged into the internet.  Your course plot can be exported and interfaced with your Office Excel Software (which I have) which makes it very convenient when you desire to publish a document which can contain information from your work done on MapPoint.  So now I can send my client directions that I can publish with Microsoft Office - a big plus.  Finally coupons;  I was surprised that MapPoint can inform me about restaurants, stores, hotels etc. and allow me to print coupons (many of which are two for one) that I can use to save money on the road.  So I deducted only one star for a lot of duplication with Google (a free service). Overall I like this software.Addendum:  After playing around with this software I am in agreement with Candy "AustinLady" from Austin, TX.  There are a hoste of layered features to this software that takes it lightyears further than Google Maps.  Demographic data imput which is available allows you to have much more at your disposal than just trip information and places you can eat and stay at a discount.  You can actually find out about the population characteristics of places you select - which would have come in very handy to me some years back when I was planning to open a mexican restaurant in South Florida.  I can see a huge business utility associated to using this software.
This is a very useful program for mapping and can be a very useful tool for anyone.  The installation for me (on Vista Pro 32-bit) went easily, and without a hitch.  I found the interface to be intuitive and easy to quickly learn.For most people, I think online maps would be an adequate choice over this (older) map set.  If you are very very remote, and cannot connect to the grid, this would be indispensable.
While this version is great, note that the new and updated 2010 version has been released, making this one obsolete.
This is definitely not your dad's mapping program.  I expected this to be an upgrade over something simple as MapQuest, but this obviously much more than that.  From the moment you start using it, you will realize this is indeed for business and not for personal use.  There are a lot of business terminology that confused me and took time to learn what it all means.  The interface is average and actually shows its age as it is not innovative, but those who used Windows programs before should be able to recognize it.  I was able to plan out a simple trip, which included cost and gave me an array to choose from of what to do during the trip, but as mentioned, it took several hours of program use just to figure out what I was doing.  Bottom Line is this is definitely for business use.
I have only used an earlier version of MapPoint and even then for only in a strictly direction-finding capacity. I understood the data mapping functionality of the product but that was never a feature I intended to use. MapPoint 2009 seems to go one better than that earlier version in refining both those features I like and use (ie. direction and route finding) and those which I have less use of.From a usability standpoint, this interface is intuitive and easy-to-use. For me, there were no problems with moving around the map interface and zooming in to whatever I was interested with either the mouse or keyboard. The various features for route planning is as good as any other on the market today and as this is my primary focus, I'm functionally happy with MapPoint 2009. With the "optimize trip", MapPoint 2009 helps me make the best use of my time, especially when I am geocaching when I have to hit caches in several different areas. In that regard, I find it handles off-road situations rather poorly, but that's understandable. With features like being able to create what they call a "Drivetime Zone", you can find subtle and cool ways to use your maps. Drivetime Zones will select and show you what you can reach within a set amount of time from a particular center point.Export and import of data is simple and easy with the Import Data Wizard that automatically understands what kind of data  you're importing (of course, if it contains addresses!) and then sorting graphically for data. Having direct, in-program access to demographic information must make Real Estate agents drool in analyzing their information. Using the Data Mapping Wizard (love those wizards, don't you?) makes doing such things easy.I particularly like the ability to insert maps into other Microsoft products, especially the Office suite such as (especially) PowerPoint presentations. I'm going to give this product four stars because I think it should include at least a simple GPS device for the price.
The software loaded and functioned with no problems and bugs.I am not a power user, I occasionally use it to map some geographic distribution data- it does the job for me and I have no complaints. The maps I print out for presentations look a tad basic, like a high school project- I have not looked carefully to see if more attractive maps can be found as templates in the program or downloadable from the internet.The road maps and GPS feature are very similar to Microsoft's Streets and Trips interface- I did not discern any primary differences between the two programs- they work adequately as planning software for business visits. To use them for real time navigation will be quite awkward without looking like you're driving a police cruiser with the lap top. It is also dangerous too to do that.Overall, a competent program that adequately addresses my needs.
You can be excused for asking the question "why should I buy this, when I can get a map from Google, Yahoo or Mapquest for free?"  I wondered about that myself for a long time, but using MapPoint 2009 has figuratively shown me the way (yeah... that's an intentional pun).I'm still learning the nuances of this software, but I have to say that it's one of the more effective programs from Microsoft that I've used in quite a while.  It installed quickly, and with no trouble; integrating itself with Office 2007 without a hitch.  And as a confirmed member of the "I don't need no stinking manual" Club, I've already managed move well up the learning curve into satisfied customer territory.I'm not going to go into all the technical details, after all you've already got them available to you here on Amazon anyway; so just allow me to describe a few operations that have confirmed my willingness to embrace a "non-free, Microsoft" product over the ad-driven internet sites.First, I wanted to plot out a new map that showed the residence locations for the 50 members of a volunteer organization I work with.  This might have an effect on locations for our group efforts in the next year (gas prices being what they are).  The old way would have been to cut and paste the addresses into Google Maps or MapQuest then try to approximate their locations onto a screen print graphic.  Time spent: 90 minutes of digital drudgery.The MapPoint method was insanely simple.  I took the spreadsheet with the address list, and just imported it into MapPoint.  In less than 10 minutes I had a map of the area with push pin graphics for each member's home.  Another 5 minutes invested, and I had concentric circles to show everyone's distance from a specific focal point.  15 minutes of effort versus 90 minutes expended last year!Second, I wanted to create a more detailed (customized) view of an educational tour.  Piece of cake!  And I didn't have to resort to any additional graphics package, screen prints or anything.I suspect that as time goes on, I'll discover other uses, but for now I'm already content to recommend this.  If the price were lower, I'd give it another star, but for now it's still worth every penny.
This software is quite useful for visualizing business data on a North American map.  It has three primary functions that help accomplish this goal.First, it allows for "territories" to be assigned by region.  This makes it possible to highlight areas of interest (for example territory by salesperson) and then visualize those regions on one map.Second, it is also possible to add sales data to the map by importing a file (.txt .xls etc).  This function offers several different options for how that data is represented on the map (including shaded areas, sized circles, column charts and others).Third it is further possible to refine the maps by adding demographic data that includes items like average age, gender, household income and many more.What you arrive at after this process is a very nice visualization of your business laid out on a high quality map.  Once that is done you can export the map data in a number of formats or save it as a webpage (that automatically updates as you make changes--if you want that option). Overall it is a very nice package for the price and offers a good value.  I will leave it to other reviewers to describe the GPS enabled functions because I'm not using it for that.
If you work with geographic data this is an astounding, helpful product that allows you to use that data in interesting ways.The map program itself, which is Microsofts Streets and Trips, is not nearly as good.  After using it for a little while I find myself going back to Google or my garmin software.  I have the USB gps to go with this, but even still the tracking is haphazard, and it takes a surprisingly long time for my laptop to recognize the gps.  I've increasingly come to the conclusion that this side of this program needs a major overhaul, and would have been really competitive in 2002, but not so much now.But, if you're buying Mappoint instead of Streets and Trips, this isn't the biggest issue.  As a mapping program that works with data this is really unique and useful, able to provide a very helpful tool that not only can assist in necessary tasks but, at least for me, has caused me to think more and more about how I can best use the data at hand in new, creative ways to better understand various projects and research.
# Machine specsI'm running Kaspersky Anti Virus 2009 (KAV) on a notebook running Vista 64-bit OS SP1, with an AMD Turion TL-60 2GHz processor and 4GB RAM.# Product InstallI chose to do a complete install, and that went mostly without a hitch. Except that it required me to uninstall McAfee's Site Advisor, which I thought was a bit unfortunate as KAV's anti-phishing support doesn't provide the handy visual icons of Site Advisor.Once it had called home to activate itself, I updated the application manually to get the latest database files.# PerformanceI tried to perform some general tasks (browsing, and editing a Word 2007 document) while a full scan was running. I didn't detect any noticeable degradation in performance on my fairly underpowered notebook.A full system scan of about 130 GB of files on a 250 GB disk took around 2 hours, and turned up about a dozen threats, mostly trojans and a couple of upgrade advisories, that I quickly resolved.# Random thoughts[1] The "on disk" user manual is sad - a ton of pages, but very little useful information. Fortunately, the accompanying help file is excellent; and the software itself is very intuitive.[2] There are lots of options available throughout this application. For instance, you can choose the action that should be taken once the scan is complete - e.g., whether the computer should be turned off, or placed into standby, etc.[3] The distinction between a "Full Scan" and a "Quick Scan" is confusing. The latter is not an "incremental scan" as its name suggests, but feels more like "Custom Scan" option - as you can add directories to its scan list.[4] The messages generated for advisories are listed simply as non-clickable links. A quick summary of the advisory, or even a clickable link would have been welcome.[5] The Security Analyzer Wizard lets you search for vulnerable applications as well as run a full computer security diagnostic. It ended up showing me a list of potential security issues (such as "Removable media autorun is allowed"), which were then fixed with a single "Correct" button. Cool!However, I'd have preferred better explanations for the actions it suggests. This would make the choices more accessible to users not familiar with tech-speak.[6] KAV is partial to Internet Explorer. It provides a Browser Configuration Wizard to run IE security diagnostics, and supports automatic verification of secure connections only for IE. I'd have preferred support for Firefox, which is my browser of choice.# Why this rating?Since the key test for an anti-virus program is how well it does against real world threats, I had to rely on a review by a leading magazine that had pegged KAV 2009 as somewhat less effective at detecting malware (and slower) than other comparable software.While this cost it 1 star, it still fit comfortably in the "I like it" (4-star) category.
I purchased the Kaspersky Anti-Virus 2009 after my Internet Security program of the same brand expired. I had read better reviews on this software and decided to give it a try. Now after having it installed on my system for a couple months, I can fairly and honestly say I prefer this product over the later.My system runs faster and smoother to the point you can't even tell you have an anti-virus software installed. That is until you venture into troubled waters, then it responds like you'd expect and easily handles the situation without a miss.I'm sold on this version, so unless they mess it up, I'll certainly renew my product next year.I rate this 4.0 Stars
Please read the full review... I start with the negative, but this IS a positive review.I chose this through Vine in order to compare it to Zone Alarm, which currently uses Kaspersky in its antivirus, and which I've used for 8 years.  I've had some disappointment, however, with Zone Alarm, as its monitoring interferes with some web browsing, and even crashes on certain sites (Amazon, CNN).  So... I decided to try Kaspersky.I tend to be a bit paranoid about security, so I began using it at its highest setting.  However, I found myself unable to use my computer with it at that setting (I have 2GB RAM, so this should NOT have been a huge issue). My programs and browsers would all freeze.  Well, my whole system, actually.So I lowered the settings.  I've actually found the recommended settings more than adequate.  While I do miss some of the privacy settings Zone Alarm has for web browsing, I certainly don't miss the interference it caused, nor the crashing of the vsmon service (which would lock out all networking for a couple minutes).  Kaspersky also is faster in its scans, while covering the same amount of data.  I have had zero problem with sites that I used to have compatibility issues with (on some sites, I'd have to shut ZA down COMPLETELY to use them... removing my security).  I also like the way it detects vulnerabilities associated with software that may need updates, and provides fixes for those vulnerabilities.All in all, a GREAT product... one I think I'll stick with.  When it comes time to renew my license, I may even go for the entire suite!  However, the AV covers far more than most suites cover (including Norton 360), which I'll be reviewing a little later on my other computer).
I've used an older version of Kaspersky and I recently upgraded to this one as part of the Amazon Vine program.  I picked it originally because it was highly rated by Consumer Reports with the only negative being a high number of false positives (I'll take an overzealous antivirus over and under-zealous antivirus any day).  It's important to note that most computers will want a suite of tools: antivirus, anti-spam, and anti-spyware.  I'd only buy this is you have stand-alone products for spam and spyware you are already happy with.  Otherwise buy an "Internet Security Suite" such as those fromKaspersky,Norton,Microsoft, andMcAfee.  Frankly any of these brands are good choices for most users (all are well rated by CR and have a long history of good products).  All of these suites are resource hogs so users of older computers might choose to stick with just an anti-virus and run an occasional spy ware scan with Window Defender (which is free from MS and is bundled in Vista).For those who do want a stand-alone antivirus this is a good choice or anyone with a decent computer and a desire for a little more stringent antivirus protection.  I would not recommend this for a Netbook or older computer: while the load on your computer isn't the worst (that would be CA Anti-Virus) it's certainly not the best (Bit Defender or MS One Care are better choices for slower machines).  However the scan time is lower than most competitors so if you want  an anti-virus that get's in and gets the job done this is a good choice.  Setup is simple, it handles updates seemlessly and the interface is much more user friendly than most of it's competitors.
Malware, viruses, click-jacking, oh my!Unfortunately, any Internet user has to be aware of how these words can affect how safely they navigate the Internet today. They have become as normal a part of Internet culture as an email address or facebook membership. If you are careful, and I mean *really* careful, you can get away with using the Internet without a "security" product--or more likely these days, a suite of products. I know some who do this without issues, but they're all systems administrators with decades of security administration under their belts. Most however should not venture out into the wild unprotected.Enter Kasperksy. I have used various other A/V (anti-virus) programs in the past--McAfee is the choice anti-malware at my work--and there are a few things I judge them by, starting with what I call the overhead factor. Because these programs run constantly, just how much CPU time and system memory do they require? Like a good butler, I judge these programs by how little I notice them until (hopefully not) I need them. Of course, there are other judging criteria such as the heavily important one of how effective it is in catching and eradicating malware, and then how easy is it to use and finally, what's the upkeep? Downloading updates, how often the virus signatures are updated, etc.I'm happy to say that Kasperky AV 2009 scores quite highly in each of the above departments. The installation itself was simple although not quick. On my Vista 32-bit Ultimate PC, it took almost 25 minutes and one restart to get it installed. In addition, it took a few more minutes to install updates; in total, set aside about an hour to get it installed and fully operational. This is a bit long, as you may imagine.Thereafter, but for one little problem [update below], Kaspersky ran without problems. It was quite straightforward to configure and the reports of its activities are easy to read. The memory and CPU overhead are minimal considering what it does which is categorized in three general areas: anti-malware, system security and online security. For anti-malware, we have files and memory security, email and IM security and web traffic security. System security covers what it calls "proactive defense," which means it protects against the usual suspects (Trojans, worms, keylogger detection, hidden driver installation, OS kernel modifications--this is not a default however--and hidden object detection).Setting all of these via the intuitive GUI is ... well, intuitive. There are some great real-time graphs of system and software activity which is all logged for later reference. Statistics are kept for a year while reports are kept, by default, for 30 days or 1GB whichever is less. It's all quite simple to manage.The problem I spoke of before has to do with a pet peeve of mine and the reason I uninstalled McAfee from this very same computer. I fly online with Flight Simulator on a network known as VATSIM. Both McAfee and Kaspersky prevent normal operations of multiplayer function on VATSIM (and some others, I've heard) even though you have paused protection. I would like to be able to completely turn off anti-virus protection when I want and not have it actually continue to work regardless of setting.[Update: Boy, was I wrong! Kaspersky does not interfere with VATSIM traffic. I'm not sure why it happened a time or two when I tried initially, but I've since discovered there are no issues whatever with running Kaspersky and VATSIM concurrently. This could have been because of the numerous updates to the software, but regardless, this bumps it up into the 4.5 star class.]Apart from this, I judge Kaspersky A/V 2009 to be a top player in the field. I only wish the free update time period would be for more than one year for what it's worth, but that's a measure of how valuable I believe the software to be. A solid effort at 4 stars [4.5 stars!]
Kaspersky does deliver in every way that you would expect your antivirus to. It protects your PC from viruses, spyware, malware, the works. It is intuitive and easy to use for a novice to the PC world, and this is probably where it really shines. Kaspersky includes everything you will need to protect your PC in one convenient, easy to use package which should thrill the types who want everything done for them and doesn't make them try to figure anything out.The other side to this coin is the fact that Kaspersky does nothing that you can't get for free on the internet. There are excellent freeware programs out there that are completely reliable and just as good, if not better, than Kaspersky. The only trouble is, you need to do a bit of looking to find these programs and you need to have a slight bit of PC knowledge to know what to look for in the first place. You will easily need at least at minimum three freeware programs to do all that Kaspersky does. It just comes down to whether or not you want to take the time to download and install several programs and keep them up to date, or just deal with one but have to pay the price and subscription fee. Overall a good buy if you're not a PC do-it-yourselfer.
This Antivirus is great on my XP. Firstly I had a windows One care on the same which just died out and I had been a little lazy to renew it so this came in good timing. I always knew Kaspersky was one of the best out there but had not had the opportunity to use it.SO i jumped at this opportunity..The plus...Quick easy installationFAst ScansYOu really dont have to do much other than click on disinfect or quarantine once a virus / malware is found.MAde my comp much faster.Lots of ideas so as to what could be a potential threat leading you to the solutions....here i wish it solved the threats for me by itself.Its an all in one security suite.Totally worth it considering it found everything Mcafee and Windows Live One Care missedWish it worked on my Mac too.
I have an Inspiron 9300 (SP3) that I ran NIS (Norton Internet Security) on. I liked it, I did not love it. It is thorough but it slows me down a lot and takes about 3 hours to run a full scan (my HD is 80 gigs). I removed it and loaded Kaspersky. Wow. This does not slow me down. It also ran through everything much quicker. I don't know if it is more indepth than NIS, but I like it enough to buy the entire internet security suite. I give this four stars because I do not like to individual programs, and would rather have a suite, and because it is for one computer. Everyone else is offering three licenses and that is reasonable when so many people have at least one laptop and one desktop. I had no issues installing this on my Inspiron (which has seen several different A-V programs and suites) and am looking forward to installing Kaspersky Internet Security 2009. If you have other anti-spyware/anti-spam, etc., programs, and only one computer, then this is for you. The interface is not overwhelming and is user friendly. I read about this in consumer reports and one thing they mentioned (that I have not seen) is that you get many false positives. I agree with others who would prefer that over missing something. I would also note that with this level of aggression, it is still way faster than Norton!
Recently I found myself with a quickly expiring Trend Micro PC-cillin Internet Security license that came with my Dell XPS. Deciding that $79.99 for a 1 year renewal was more than I was willing to spend on what had been an intrusive and unintuitive security suite I decided to look elsewhere.I ended up getting Kaspersky Anti-Virus 2009 and have been using it on my system for about 2 months and overall I'm satisfied with the product.After completely removing Trend Micro's program from my PC and installing the Kaspersky program I was prompted for the typical updates. All told the process of installing and updating the software is as easy as it gets for a somewhat computer literate person. Though the initial update can take more than a few minutes to complete download and install.Once the program is up and running the interface is extremely straightforward. There's a giant stoplight icon at the top of the application that indicates the current status of you PC. Green = protected; Amber = A scan is overdue or an update needs to be installed or otherwise the application needs your attention; Red = some sort intrusion/malicious application has been detected. Simple and effective.One thing that I immediately noticed after running a complete system scan was Kaspersky detected a number of malware/spyware apps on my PC that Trend Micro missed. Actually I made it a point to run a full scan with Trend Micro before I removed it so I was doubly glad I didn't renew that software license.After the scan I ran into my first issue with the Kaspersky software. After the program detects malware - including 1 app that it classified as "possible key logger" with a medium threat rating - it's confusing on what it is exactly the user needs to do to eradicate the problem. Is the malware automatically quarantined or deleted? Another issue is that while the Kaspersky program is running it's scan it constantly detects "possible vulnerabilities". A lot of those vulnerabilities are associated with with very common programs - MS Office for example popped up at least half a dozen vulnerability logs. I'm not exactly sure what I'm supposed to do with that information and it's not clearly explained.I have a moderately powered PC and a major concern is always the system resources that anti-virus software suites use. Kaspersky thus far hasn't impacted my PCs performance in any major way. One thing I did notice is that websites are a tiny bit slower popping up. No major foul there.Overall, I'm satisfied with Kaspersky anti-virus. I've used everything from resource heavy hitters like Norton & McAfee to Trend Micro and AVG - Kaspersky is right around the top of my list for keeping the resource footprint shallow and for it's easy to use interface. Though I hope that future versions will make the process of cleaning malware more clear.
This seems like a no frills anti-virus solftware. The installation on Windows XP was simple. Not much hassle with any settings. The only dicosmfort is the updates: Kaspersky's site is unbelievably slow, or it appears this way; hence, the it takes forever to complete the updates. Hence 4 stars.
It works and did not slow down my 2 gb ram 2.13 GHZ core 2 duo computer running XP SP3.  The loading times are significantly faster than McAffee, which took 1.5 to 2 minutes to set up the firewall before I could even surf the web.  It still takes 50-60 seconds to load the firewall after startup, and that is why I gave it a 4 stars.It automatically deletes the tracking cookies on your computer after each scan, which is nice.  Future versions should feature automatic tracking cookie blockers.  It also ID's suspicious websites before you visit and allows you to change your mind.Update- Trend Micro's monthly newsletter recommended a registry cleaner.  I ran the trial version and start up time is under 30 seconds again.  This suggests that start up slowness from other AV programs can be solved in a similar way.
Personal computers are under constant attack and users nowadays need a product that will keep their pc protected 24/7 without fail. Trend Micro Internet Security is a product designed to act as a watchdog for your computer; keeping unwanted spyware, dangerous viruses, and identity thieves away from your personal computer so that it maintains the integrity of your personal information and runs smoothly without errors.I haven't had many issues with computer viruses, but I have had problems with Spyware and I am always wary of internet identity theft. These latter two problems are the main reasons I decided to give Trend Micro Internet Security a try. I like that Trend Micro Internet Security is there, protecting my computer and I like that I can schedule it to run updates and a full scan at the time of my choosing. It will run in the background on its own regardless, but scheduling it to run at regular intervals is best because you have control over when it will run and when you will get updates. This provides greater peace of mind, in my opinion, and it lets me control when it runs to better ensure that it won't run when I have important internet work to complete.The most important quality of any internet security product is its ability to protect from viruses, spyware, cookies, and other potential hazards. From my use so far, I can honestly say that this protect is flawless in this regard. It quarantines spyware, viruses, and other harmful intruders and it displays them on a report that is available for view at any time. Just a few minutes ago, I opened up my Trend Micro Internet Security and looked at my latest stats. It tells me that a full scan was conducted earlier today and no instances of any threats were discovered. It also tells me that, in the past seven days, my computer has been protected against 31 incidents. I can also look at a log that will tell me exactly what problems were prevented. I like this statistical report because it lets me see, at a glance, what viruses, spyware, etc., have tried to attack my computer. I like keeping a step up on these things because, considering the amount of time I spend on my computer, infections are something I cannot afford to have.One common complaint that consumers have with internet security software is that they slow down computers and/or interfere with the usage of certain web sites or features. I have had some bad luck with other brands with slowness, but Trend Micro Internet Security causes no such problems. Of course, I schedule the scans for those times of day when I won't be using my computer, but even if a scan starts while I'm using the internet, the interference is minimal. There is an ever-so-slight slowdown, but it is too insignificant to matter. And with interference with web sites, I have only experienced one small problem thus far: The tendency of Trend Micro Internet Security to block certain features in web sites. Sometimes, it will prevent me from watching a video and I am forced to lower the protection level temporarily to get past this interference.Taken as a whole, however, Trend Micro Internet Security is a very useful product and I am happy to report that it has held down all forms of spyware, viruses, and other problems while keeping my peace of mind at a record high level.  It is a nice, all-in-one package that offers multiple levels of protection and multiple features in a single package. I like it better than Norton and some of the other brands and it has plenty of positive qualities to earn it an easy recommendation.
To me the best thing that security software can do is fail to be noticed!I have Norton Internet Security on one of my laptops and from the moment it was loaded the system started to crawl. I assumed that all virus protection did that. I loaded Trend Micro on my new Vista based 4gig machine and I was quite surprised at the start up speed. Was I missing something??? Would it really protect my new system??? I did some research and found TM Internet Security was ranked right up there with my Norton.Unlike Norton which makes you jump through all kinds of validation hoops, this program was a breeze to install as well.As noted by another reviewer I also had to remove Spybot (a very good adware removal program)during install, but replaced it after with a later version (1.6) and it works fine. There does seem to be a problem finding and using the parental controls, but I don't need that function. The bottom line here is that if you want good basic security that doesn't cost a fortune, eat up your memory and turn startup into a forced coffee break, try this product.  The price is certainly right.UPDATE: I've now had this program on one of my laptops for over a month and I like it more each day, especially when compared to Norton. Why? I'm a teacher and I use a program called Blackboard to teach online. Blackboard requires that I use pop-up menus and enter a lot of data. Trend Micro lets me do what I have to do without interference. Norton slows down every entry to the point where I just had to shut down the computer that was running it and jump to the one running Trend Micro. I'm sure that Norton is just being extra carefull with the data I enter but I don't need that level of safety when I know what I'm doing and have time constraints! I could turn down all of Nortons security levels but I have no idea what I'd be agreeing to by doing that. Trend Micro continues to be the perfect match for my needs. At this point I'd give it 5 STARS.
The best internet security software I've ever used. It doesn't slow my computer down to a crawl, as some others, and is very effective.
I've always liked Trend Micro products. I've never had issue with Trend Micro products and this version of Internet Security is no exception. I generally try to stay away from products that try to be all things when it comes to security so I often turn off some of the extra features of the security suite products and just stick to the virus protection. For the average home user though the security suite can help them protect their pc and data when they don't fully understand all of the security threats and how to stop them without a product such as this.I like the 3 PC license along with the reasonable price point. I also like that they focused in on quicker boot up time and and reduced memory needs. For years virus programs have been resource hogs so glad to see trend micro worked to reduce their footprint. I noticed some improvement on a XP machine so I think it was worth their effort.For average family PC user I think its a good idea to utilize the Parental control. For those more savy there are  other ways to do this work for free but for non technical families this offers a good way to keep your kids out of possible trouble.Overall I like this program and its a nice virus program with some additional features for average home users.
This is a pretty good program. I thought  suite did well with malware cleanup, removing 70 percent of all files and Registry changes introduced by malicious infections. Only Symantec Norton Internet Security 2008 did a better job at disinfection, at 80 percent. The Trend Micro package allowed us to copy 732MB of files the fastest of the eight suites while its real-time detection was enabled--an indicator of the drag you can expect a security suite to have on your PC.In general, Trend Micro has assembled the features you'd expect from a security suite, with antispam, parental controls, and antiphishing to complement the standard antivirus, anti-spyware, and firewall components. Its firewall successfully hid the protected PC from outside attempts to scan it, and it avoided unnecessary warnings when known programs attempted to access the Internet. But its parental controls fared poorly. If you enable the feature, the filters you can create will apply to everyone who uses the computer. Also, the program doesn't prompt you to set a program password--and if you don't, any other user can open the program and turn the parental controls off.If you can get past the bugs, you'll like the Trend Micro suite's clear interface. The settings for the various features are easy to find, and a nice weekly summary report lists all the threats blocked and other program statistics. You may need to refer to that report: By default, the suite displays alerts only if it can't automatically handle a threat it discovers in real time or during a scheduled or manual scan. A better approach would be to let users know they may have just opened an unsafe e-mail message, for instance, to give them a better idea of what to avoid in the future.Until Trend Micro improves its back-end malware detection and forward-facing user interface, it won't be among the best suite options available.
This came right when my subscription to Norton ran out so I was very happy to give it a try. It installed easily with no problems at all, the software also seems to be fairly user friendly. In the past I've used McAfee, Norton, and Avg and in my opinion this program seems to be just a little better.
My previous antivirus program was AVG, and I have been using the free spyware removal programs as well. I like AVG, but I did not like that it would occasionally allow a virus to get on my system. Yes, it was good that it caught it when doing a scan, but I didn't want it in the first place. I feel the same way about spyware, plus I found Pc Tools and spybot clunky programs to use. They also sometimes gave me alarming false positives.Since Trend is a pay program I am expecting it to perform better than the free stuff, and so far it's been very good.The installation was easy, and I ran into no problems. It's also found some spyware and removed it. The firewall is better than the one that comes with XP and passed its test.Although I haven't been using the Trend program for very long, I am happy with it so far. I do wish it had more of a tutorial, though, so I'd know exactly what settings to choose. Some of this is confusing, and I'd like to know more.
This product is solid and does what it is is suposed to do. My computer works faster now and I have not tnoticed any problems so far. If I do, I will update these comments.
I've read reviews where users have stated that Trend Micro has slowed their computer down etc.......I think we all need to keep in mind that depending if you've already maxed out your computers RAM & HD........yeah sure, it won't work as well (FAST) as if you have plenty of space for it to do it's job!I have it installed currently on an older computer & a newer one (both however are using windows XP Home & while th older computer is close to 80% maxed out, it works perfectly,  without a hitch, just as it should!So when evaluating IF this is the protection software that is best for you, please remember to compare "apples to apples"!IF someone says it is GREAT, or a lemon, find out what type of a computer they installed it on & the operating system, RAM, HD & whether or not it was already topped out!As for our family, we could not be more pleased, we have had Norton & others in the past & prefer Trend Micro much more, it has all the bells & whistles we need & want!Hope this helps you decide what will be best for your needs! Good Luck!!
I've used TrendMicro in the past and of the three big ones (Norton, McAfee and TrendMicro), it's the last I would probably use.  I usually use McAfee and while it's more complex, it tends to have better coverage.  Still, if you don't have internet security, it's a decent product and one that will keep most cautious people safe.It's easy to set up and maintain.  Most of it is pretty intuitive.  It blocks most sites ok.  Still doggy on old systems, but if you have a newer system this isn't really a problem.The price puts it in the realm of affordability, which is something its competitors are not.  If you need a security suite and can't afford the other two, choose this.
I have worked in the computer security/information assurance professional for nearly 30 years and have been asked to review just about every possible personal firewall and/or virus protection product.  This product is a good product for a person that casually surfs the net and checks their own email but it has a difficult time with some websites that are clearly non invasive.  For a person that visits riskier sites, e.g., warez sites this would not be a good choice a  security software.  It is easily configurable but a bit noisy when it comes to warnings.  It is hard for me to say much more about this product that has not been said in other reviews.  You should read some of the other security professionals reviews and make an informed decision.  Bottom line is for normal home use this is an adequate product at a reasonable price.
without boring technical details;speed 3/5accuracy 4/5 (did not find a rootkit i installed which nod32 didfeatures 5/5ease of use, first time 4/5install ease 5/5support 4/5 (based on ease of finding)cost 5/5 because of length.wasnt fooled by a fake renamed trojan - didnt give false positive.I am biased towards comparing everything to NOD32, but thats my preference. Worked well with VISTA and WinXP Pro OEM SP3. I'd spent five hours toying with it, going to known "bad" websites. I got one false positive, and an alert on a keygen which may or may not have been another false positive. I'd rather have false positives than an "ignore".Overall, I'd recommend this to the average user who does not surf unfamiliar "adult" or other "hacker/keygen/serialz" sites.The 3-PC license is a great selling point, as most people use one AV license on multiple PCs anyways but they like to feel better about it.4 stars just because I dont think ANY antivirii software deserves 5 stars. You are NEVER 100% safe. I'm still very happy with this.
As an amateur photographer, Lightroom 2 was on my wish list for quick photo editing.  Now that I have it and have used it, I am more than satisfied!The library and sorting system are user-friendly and customizable.  Not only can you import your photos and keep them in the same basic folders that are used on your hard drive, you can create your own collections.  Lightroom has it set up that you can save photos in folders you create and name, as well as in "Smart Collections" which sort your photos automatically based on how you rate your photos (1-5 stars, which, by the way, is another great feature more users should utilize, allowing you to easily mark your favorites), recently edited photos, photos from the past month, photos without keywords, and colored red photos (something I'm still figuring out).  For photographers who take dozens, if not hundreds of photos each week and need a quick and easy way to sort, Lightroom 2 makes this possible.Another feature to the sorting and organizing is the keyword feature.  Create your own, and based on how many times you use a certain keyword, or combination of keywords, Lightroom 2 automatically suggest keywords at the top of the list of all used keywords.  What a convenient setting when tagging multiple photos from the same event!The next feature you'll find and love in Lightroom 2 is the Develop feature, where you can choose from several preset edits (among which are aged edits, grayscale, sharpening for landscape).  In the Develop setting, you can preview what the edit will do on the photo by scrolling the mouse over each preset title and watching the thumbnail photo transform (on the left side of screen).  Also, the program saves the photo file in original form, as well as a history of all actions taken to modify the photo.  Again, you can scroll over the history to see the changes in the thumbnail, allowing you to quickly find the change you like best, without having to go back through layers and layers as in Photoshop.The Develop setting allows for quite a range of possible editing features, from basic white balance and sharpening and exposure, to tone curves, saturation, split toning, detail, vignettes, and camera calibration.  While Lightroom 2 still doesn't allow for all the fine editing that can be accomplished with Photoshop, photographers will find that using the quick edits in Lightroom will save a great deal of time in Photoshop, and may even find that fewer photos need extra tweaking in Photoshop.You will find a neat feature in the Develop mode, which is the adjustment brush.  This feature allows for masking in selective ares, adjusting exposure, brightness, contrast, sharpening, and more, without changing your entire photo.Next you'll find the slideshow mode, which allows for adding a stroke border, shadow, identity plate, and text overlays to a select group of photos for a slideshow.  This is a mode that I personally don't use, as my work and interest is more in the organizing and editing.For photographers who desire to print, the Print mode quickly allows you to create contact sheets and picture packages with multiple photos and multiple sizes on a sheet.  The program automatically rearranges photos to maximize the number printed on a sheet.  Great feature here!Finally, the Web tab is a feature likely to be most used by those who want to create an easy way to put photos directly from Lightroom into their website.  Here you can choose from several different templates which again automatically place the photos from your selected collections.Lightroom 2 is a must-have for photographers wanting to spend less time at the computer running edits, tagging, and organizing.  Some casual users may find that Lightroom 2 is more than needed for their purposes.  My only negative comment, and why my review is 4 stars instead of 5, is that Adobe neglected to include a user manual in the packaging or on the disk.  Users may want visit Adobe, search the web, and visit forums for in-depth help and tips to get the most of Lightroom 2.
THE SHORT STORY--PROS:1. Excellent, high-end software. A powerhouse of a program!2. Excellent photo organization3. Good for 99.9% of all retouching you might need for general photos4. Has both automatic (simple) and user adjusted (advanced)features5. The auto-masking option when retouching photographs works incredibly well allowing you to retouch areas of the photograph without the effect 'bleeding' on to other areas of the photograph.6. Once you learn how to use this, you'll love it7. Integrates with Photoshop8. Never alters your original filesCONS:1. Poor documentation (like so many Adobe products--but as above, once you learn how to use it you'll love it)2. May be too high-end/pricey for the casual userTHE LONG REVIEW--Adobe is a maker of some pretty high-end software.  A lot of it is aimed at professionals and it is pretty clear that they usually create the gold standard when it comes to imaging software.  Photoshop is that gold standard.Lightroom is Adobe's photo organizer for the professional photographer.  But it is not simply a sorting program.  Lightroom combines five basic components: library function, an exceptional photo editor, a slideshow editor, a photo printing optimizer, and component that creates web galleries.INSTALLATION AND SET UP--Installation the program is easy on the Macintosh.  You simply load the CD, hit the icon, and follow the instructions.  The program loads itself, performs quick update, and you're ready to go.  In comparison to programs like Photoshop and Acrobat Professional, the installation is swift.  This indicates to me that the program is either much less complicated and smaller in the aforementioned programs or that Adobe's software wizards have worked their magic on the installation process.GENERAL USAGE--This program is very similar experience to other Adobe programs I have used in the past.  Although Adobe always has an impressive range of powerful features built into the programs, these features are not always obvious to the first-time user and the interface is not completely intuitive.  This phenomenon is even worse if you are inexperienced with Adobe's products.  (In many programs, if you 'mouse' over a button, a balloon pops up and tells you what it does.  This does not happen in Lightroom and is one of the deficiencies.  ***NOTE: Once I updated the software with the latest patch on the Mac, the balloons DID pop up.)LACK OF DOCUMENTATION:I do use both Photoshop and Acrobat Professional but I must admit that was a long and hard learning curve for both these programs.  The help menus are often of little help and you have to try to find outside sources of information.  The Adobe website is often helpful as are many other sites that have popped up that help you navigate the tangled web of these programs.  That being said, once you develop the skills they become second nature and you really have incredibly powerful tools at your fingertips.  But getting there isn't half the fun and even figuring out simple things can drive you crazy.Lightroom gives one a similar Adobe experience.  Many features on the surface of the program are easy use and intuitive.  For example, you simply point the program in the direction of the files containing relevant media and the program quickly loads the pictures into Lightroom's interface.  However, some tools start off as a little counter intuitive.  I could not figure out the skin retouching tool, for example.  However, after a quick search online and a quick tutorial I was able to use it.  I have to say, it is an incredible tool once you know how to use it and possibly the best retouching program out there.  Still, it would have been nice if the program's help menu would have been more helpful...LIBRARY FEATURES:Lightroom's library feature is robust.  It is nice to have tools that rotate photos directly on the photo itself.  It is easy create keywords and folders to organize your photographs.  The program handles huge amounts of photos on my iMac effortlessly.  This may be the Intel core duo processor's doing or it could be the programming itself.  That being said, when compared to iPhoto, Lightroom seems fast, light, and bouncy.  In this mode, you can do simple photo editing tasks, but the real photo editing occurs in Lightroom's develop mode.DEVELOPING MODE:To activate the developing mode, you simply the press of 'develop' button.  The are many things you can do in this mode.  Some are quite obvious and others require a deeper knowledge of the program.  Given poor documentation within the program, I had to go to Adobe's website and some ancillary sites in order to figure out some of the more interesting components program.  It is a lot of fun to do localized burning and dodging and other corrections. There is an automasking tool which allows you to do retouching to a specific area of the photograph.  It picks up the edge of the retouched object and prevents 'bleeding' into undesired areas.  This is an amazing tool and allows you to do a lot of correcting at lightning speed without having to magnify the image or worry about accuracy.  The feature can be turned off if you need to retouch a large area without regard to edges.  This saves an incredible amount of time. Skin retouching, as above, was amazing. There are even automated buttons that optimize photos incredibly well without the burden of manual retouching.INTEGRATION WITH PHOTOSHOP:Photos can even be sent directly to Photoshop for further manipulation. However, 99.9% of what you need for advanced retouching and to enhance your photographs is right there in Lightroom.  Photoshop is only necessary if you want specific effects, complex layers, or if you want to combine images.It should be mentioned, that the base image is always preserved.  That means that your corrections are never permanent and you can always revert back to the original photo.  There is also support for most raw photos.  This is probably important for high-end photographers, but not much use for me.PRINTING:The printing features are also robust.  You can easily construct contact sheets with photos of different sizes.  You can select the various sizes of photographs that you wish to produce, and Lightroom will print them easily on an 8 x 10 sheet of photo paper.  For example, you can select three 4 x 6 photos, two 5 x 7 photos, and 16 wallet size photos and Adobe Lightroom figure out how these will fit on the least number of 8 x 10 sheets of photo paper.I have not used the slideshow functions extensively, but a brief look shows you that it's easy to create an effective and professional slide show.  Similarly, the web functions allow you to upload photographs for web galleries.  You can even upload the photos to most photo sharing sites.  I did not delve into these features extensively, but they are pretty straightforward.COMPARISON WITH SIMPLER, LESS POWERFUL, PROGRAMS:The most apt comparison for most buyers would be to Photoshop Elements.  Lightroom is once again meant for the more advanced photographer.  Elements is more intuitive but a less capable editor and cannot edit raw images.  Also, the photo organization aspect of Lightroom is far more advanced.  However, if you are not a professional photographer it is hard to justify the price difference, even with Lightroom's flexibility.  Even though Elements is more limited program, it probably has enough features for the amateur photographer or the shutterbug who just wants to make a few adjustments to some pictures.I would also have to compare the program to Apple's iPhoto.  I am not a big fan of iPhoto, but it actually does a great job of organizing your photos.  If you have a Mac, you do not really need another program to do this.  iPhoto's editing capabilities are far more limited, however.  Lightroom has many other features that that are missing in iPhoto and the ones that the programs share in common are also more primitive in iPhoto.  However, most casual users probably do not need all the bells and whistles of Lightroom.  Apple also makes a program called Aperture.  I am not familiar with Apple's high end editor, so I can't comment on it.Which brings us to my favorite, simple, bargain-basement photo editing program: Picasa3.  Unlike most Apple users, I like Picasa much better than iPhoto (this is considered heresy in the Apple world).  I find it more intuitive and I also believe that the feature set is much broader.  Once again, Picasa3 is a far more limited program than Lightroom.  Lightroom has far more features, but for the average user Picasa's feature set may well be enough.  So for simple organization and retouching of photos, Picasa may be the answer for the average Joe.  Picasa is also free.CONCLUSION:But remember, Lightroom 2 is a far more advanced program with capabilities well beyond Photoshop Elements, iPhoto, and Picasa3.  However, it may be hard for the casual user that to justify the $274 dollar cost of the more advanced software when the $76 Elements or (if you have an Apple computer) the free iPhoto and (for PC users) Picasa software does enough for most folks.The robust feature set of Lightroom, is its main attraction.  This is one slick program with a lot of capabilities.  For general editing, you almost never have to use Photoshop.  The results are professional quality and (once you figure out how to do it) incredibly easy.With a little research and a little reading on the web, the program becomes even more powerful.  However, Lightroom is aimed at professional photographers and advanced amateurs, not at the guy who simply wants to snap a few pics and upload them to a site or make some quick prints.The buyer should be warned, however, that as with most Adobe software you have to do some web research to find all the hidden gems and features of the program or buy one of the 'how to' books that cover the "hidden secrets" of Lightroom.With Adobe, you can 'try before you buy.'  It may make sense to see if this program fits your needs before you plunk down the $274 for this program.The four-star rating reflects the fact that all the features of the program work as promised and that the program is a powerful and impressive piece of software engineering.  The program falls short of five stars, given that many of the features are not so intuitive and you really need to go to an outside source to find out how to use the program for maximum effectiveness.
I've been using Lightroom since it first came out in beta, but hadn't gotten around to upgrading to version 2 yet. Finally had the opportunity to grab a copy and after working with it for a little while, I can say that this is a very nice step up from version 1. But not quite the perfect tool yet that I am hoping for. Here's a rundown of some of the new features and what I still have issues with.1. Library Management - Much better handling of photos that are on external drives or disks, it now has drive letters showing where the photos are, and color codes how full the drive is. Ability to synchronize folders is a great feature if you use other programs to import photos (although an auto-synchronize would be even better). Tons of settings to make your own Smart Collections which are great if you have common search tasks that you do. New toolbar in the Library to quickly search on keywords, meta tags, etc. Painter tool is not new to version 2, but is a really neat way to quickly add keywords, flags, ratings, etc. by clicking on your photos in grid view. An improvement to adding keywords in version 2 is its ability to suggest keywords based on the ones you have already added. A feature that really can save a lot of time!2. Develop Module - Some great new features in here, I particularly like the new loupe view included with the sharpen/NR/CA settings, to see a 100% preview of what these settings are doing. The tools now appear at the top of the side panel which is a more logical place for them, and include two new tools, a graduated filter and an adjustment brush. Both allow you to make local adjustments to exposure, brightness/contract, saturation, sharpness, clarity and sharpness. I found the tools easy enough to figure out on my own, and appreciated the ability to do an auto mask with the brush. They work great if you need to do a small dodge or burn for instance. But they are still fairly rough tools when compared to doing such adjustments in PS. You don't have much ability to tweak the mask, reverse it, etc. I also found that painting a mask with the brush often got slower and slower and just eventually crashed the program. Hopefully an update will fix this, but I found that using a larger brush size if possible also helped. Using the auto setting, I was able to use a large brush to (for instance) select the sky and increase its saturation selectively. Another new feature in the Develop module I really liked seeing was the ability to do vignettes post-crop, as well as set roundness and feather. The new custom DNG profiles (a separate download from Adobe Labs) are a great addition as well and help address the old issue of the Lightroom rendering being a bit flat.3. Slideshows - There's still too much missing in this module for it to be of a lot of use to me versus other slideshow builders that I have. No transitions (just single fade), it lets you select a folder for background music, but you can't select a single music file to loop with (unless you take the music and put it in a single directory by itself, very annoying). It only exports as PDF, you can't create for instance a Windows screensaver with it. If you want to send someone a simple PDF slideshow of images, and don't need much in the way of features, I suppose it could be useful, but I personally am still looking for more out of this.4. Printing - A few really nice new options here. Most useful for me is the ability to print to jpeg (with embedded profile). This is a nice option if you want to give a customer files for printing rather than printing them yourself. Also new is the photo package capabilities. These are really nicely done, making it easy to layout multiple sizes on a page with borders and cutting guidelines. The big downside is that it does not allow you to print different photos on the same page when using the package settings, this alone makes it pretty much useless for me, as in my photo field, customers seldom need more than one print of a single image. Hopefully Adobe will fix this in the future to allow different images on the page. Also of note is the new option for print sharpening and 16-bit output for Mac users, but still missing is soft proofing.5. Web Galleries - A new setting that was much needed here was output sharpening. Lot of free galleries available for Lightroom now which are easy to install and use, many using some really neat flash effects. I did have issues with the web gallery rendering previews as soon as you go into it. With some galleries that show all images, if it was set for all images in the filmstrip, with a large gallery, this could often quickly bog down, and canceling often crashed the program.6. Other stuff - There is now multi-monitor support, I only use one monitor currently so don't have much need for this, although it was neat to see it still works with one monitor, by popping up a second overlaid window. This actually can come in handy if you have a large monitor, for instance, having a loupe view popped up while working in develop mode. There is also improved Photoshop integration, for instance the ability to send multiple images to HDR or panorama merge, but these do not work in older versions of PS (I am using CS2 still). A new plugins module is excellent for users of sites like Facebook, Flickr, Picasa Web, etc. letting you export your images directly to these sites. Still no support for 3rd party filters though, and I continue to have problem with the speed and memory management (running on a fairly powerful, but still 32-bit machine). Also, there is no manual whatsoever included. The first release included a Quick Start guide, Lightroom 2 has nothing, not even a basic manual on the CD. Granted, most people will probably want to get a good book on Lightroom such asScott Kelby'sbut for such a complex program, seems like they could have included something for beginners to get started with.Overall, this is really a fairly top-notch upgrade with lots of great improvements. Were it not for it still being plagued with slowdowns and fairly regular crashes on my machine, I'd not hesitate to give it 5 stars, even with some features I still would like to see included. Unfortunately, even with the latest update, Lightroom 2 crashes quite regularly for me, much more often than version 1 did, which definitely puts a damper on my enjoyment of this otherwise great software.
I am using Light Room with Photoshop Elements 7.0.  I have been amazed at both how Light Room has improved my work flow and opened up new areas of creativity.  The ease of initially processing images is astounding.  Light Room is a great step up if your wanting to add power to you editing and workflow but not yet ready to pop the money for a Photoshop CS4.I am running vista and a 64-bit system.  Also the dual monitor support in Light Room is another excellent feature.One thing to note.  I really like OnOne's Plug-ins.  I had upgraded to their suite thinking that some tools would be able to work in Light Room.  For them to work in Light Room Photoshop CS 3 or 4 needs to be installed - Elements is not enough.
This is probably the best there is in language teaching progam. Only a real life teacher can do better.But again, you will need to invest time to learn the language. While this program is very effective, it is not a miracle.
The Rosetta Stone (RS) learning interface is well designed and very clean. It is the most user friendly language learning program I've experienced.  What's more, the user interface applies to all of their language modules so learners of multiple RS language modules will be comfortable and at home with the "dynamic immersion" approach.At best, the RS Mandarin will train you to be conversational in Mandarin. It will not allow you to recognize and write Chinese characters easily- that is an entirely different discipline better served by other instructional approaches. It is possible to speak and not be able to read the characters at this stage.Mandarin is hard language to speak for most westerners. The 4 primary pronunciation tones (see Wiki's Pinyin article for an excellent overview) sound subtle to western tongues and are very hard to pronounce for the typical English speaker. This is because the way the mouth (lips, tongue, breathing) moves in pronouncing Mandarin is completely different to speaking English. My wife, an American from the South who speaks English with a somewhat relaxed and dragged out accent, has incredible difficulty in discerning the tonal differences, let alone pronouncing them accurately. Discerning and learning these tonal differences is crucial to successful conversational Mandarin. If you remember the 70's-80's Kung-Fu movies, they sometimes have a Westerner as a sparring combatant and they will sometimes speak some Mandarin in between the flying punches. To the Mandarin speaker, it always sounds really funny because they have typically messed up the tonal inflections. For example, "ma" can mean mother, horse, to scold, to wipe, a question, measles, etc., when used with the correct tone and context. So, to avoid speaking "Kung-Fu Mandarin" (comical and embarrassing in a business meeting, but at least it gets them smiling), it is essential to listen to the Mandarin speakers on the RS software very very carefully and practice repeatedly. That said, the speakers on the RS software have clear excellent accents but the microphone pronunciation feedback tool is not tight enough and will tolerate tonal mis-pronunciations.If you are learning Mandarin alone, it would be very helpful to still seek a native Mandarin speaker. It helps to observe the mouth when pronouncing the words (I wish RS would have avi's of the speaker's mouth up close as a pronouncing aid). It also helps to be corrected immediately to avoid entrenching bad habits. And if you are finding an instructor, get an educated person that speaks with a proper accent. You want the Beijing news reader quality. China is a large country and speakers from different parts of China have very different accents. For example, speakers from HK or Canton will often speak (if they even can!) Mandarin that is heavily tinged with a Cantonese accent.  No point learning that. Should you be discouraged? No!!! If you are in China or get Chinese cable programs, you will notice some westerners on the language and outreach programs. Folks, these guys speak a brand of Mandarin with such accuracy and poise that would put most native speakers to shame!
The Rosetta Stone version 3 software with audio companion is really an excellent value, especially for the beginning learner. No software can do the hard work for you of training your brain to recognize sounds, training your tongue to make them, and learning an entirely new set of vocabulary. But Rosetta Stone tries to make this process fun, intuitive, and simple. When you are trying to do something as difficult as learning another language, you don't need other difficulties thrown in your path. Attending a traditional class--driving, reading books, studying flash cards, interacting with other people who know the language just as poorly as you do--in my opinion introduces many more difficulties into the language learning process and is the cause of many people's failure to advance. If this is you, I recommend Rosetta Stone, which will allow you to advance beyond beginner level in a language in the comfort of your own home, using your own computer and the provided headset and microphone. When compared with the cost of taking a traditional course along with drive time and cost of books, Rosetta Stone's value becomes apparent.Rosetta Stone is fun. At times, it can feel like a video game. The program does a good job of continuously challenging both your vocabulary and your tongue (as you have to pronounce the words more or less accurately) without being so difficult as to be dishearteningly discouraging.Rosetta Stone immediately immerses the learner in the world of the language trying to make you forget your mother tongue (in my case English) as much as possible as you learn. This is, as far as I can tell, the best way to make oneself truly fluent. It is the way that I learned Spanish (total immersion), and in my opinion Rosetta Stone does as good of a job of that in a computer setting as I could imagine using today's technology.I recommend purchasing levels 1, 2, & 3 together in a set so that you can advance far enough to actually begin intelligent conversations with native speakers. Rosetta Stone will only be able to advance you to a point, getting you out of beginner status. But to move on from there to fluent, will most definitely require surrounding yourself with people who speak the target language. But I am aware of no better value than Rosetta Stone to make that transition into another culture and language possible. I am looking forward to taking the next step.I do have  word of caution from my experience regarding Windows Vista 64-bit software and Rosetta Stone's technical support. I was able to "successfully" install the software but unable to load any of the language modules into the software. After multiple calls (3+ hours) to technical support with a wide range of suggestions, I was finally told that Rosetta Stone is not supported on Vista 64 bit. This is somewhat frustrating and will likely be an issue more many purchasers of newer computers. I have read in reviews and blogs that some have been able to make it work, but I was unable to. I ended up having to install it on a secondary (and older) computer system. This was an inconvenience and something that I personally feel is an inexcusable oversight for high-end software. For lack of 64-bit support and the slowness of technical support to identify this issue, I have dropped my rating of the software from 5 stars to 4 stars.
As a lover of languages, I love the Rosetta Stone immersive teaching style. Use the language to teach the language. However, there is one drawback with Mandarin Chinese. English speakers. most have difficulty with the toned pronunciation of Mandarin. It's incredibly difficult to get by ear alone.A competing product that does a good job of combining English instruction to learn Manadarin isFluenz Mandarin 1+2 Learning Suite Windows, Including DVD, Audio CD, Podcasts, and Fluenz Navigator. Next-Generation Chinese Learning Software. Ideally, you could afford both programs.The nice thing about this is that it teaches Chinese characters from the start, while other programs focus on pinyin. If you go to China, almost nobody will understand pinyin (although it will help you pronounce Chinese).This new set by Rosetta Stone is extensive. It's a big package which includes the software, a headset, and CD-based audio for refreshing. Undoubtedly you can learn to speak and understand Chinese with this software. However, you will probably need help with your accent.
Very good program, although I wish it had English translation at least as an option. Kind of like on DVD movies where you can have English subtitles for the hearing impaired!Extraordinarily expensive though. I'd like to know how other, less expensive programs compare. If this save you a TON of time and effort, it might be worth the price, but ouch!One very annoying thing - the CD's are housed in cardboard sleeves which are glued together. The CD's come in contact with the glue and the surface of each CD has small spots of glue on the edges! When you try to read the CD's, they skip at these spots so you need to wet and wipe off the glue before using the CD's. Come on, Rosetta Stone, fix this problem!
The Rosetta Stone language systems come with a plethora of materials from multiple instruction levels to audio cd reinforcements. A USB headphone/microphone is included.Operation is in the form of selecting words and phrases to respond to increasingly more challenging scenarios in pictures. It is immersive, with no assistance in English other than for the software controls themselves.I absolutely loved the way this worked in other Rosetta Stone languages I have tried, but I am finding it a little difficult with Chinese. In pedagogical terms, I need some "scaffolding."I feel that some structure (oh, let's face it-- some cheating with English) would make the learning curve a little less steep. For the "alphabet" used in the captions in the exercises, you have the choice of traditional ideograms, ideograms with pinyin (kind of a romanization) or straight pinyin.It goes against the grain of immersion language theory, but if it had an option for at least some simultaneous English translation of the narration as new vocabulary is introduced, I'd be just as happy.There are Chinese immersion charter schools popping up all across the country, so clearly this method works for many students. However, I am going to supplement this Rosetta Stone package with inexpensive aids outside of the system, and you may find that you need the extra help as well.
Learning a language takes time. The Rosetta Stone software is abosultely the fastest way to learn compared to courses. That said, it is difficult to learn the language without real opportunities for conversation and learning the subtleties by engaging in the language first person. I've used the software and it has been very helpful, but completing it is a very time consuming task.If you have never used Rosetta Stone you will be surprised at how much fun it can be because their system uses engaging photographs that help you remember and learn the meaning of both vocabulary as well as the verbal structure of the language assembling increasingly complex variations (the English equivalents of adjectives, adverbs, etc.).
For those unaware, the Rosetta stone philosophy is to learn a language the way a baby learns. No grammar, no lessons, etc. Just immerse the student in the language the way a baby is immersed. To be honest, I wasn't aware of that philosophy when I decided to try this out. Also, I had some basic French lessons in school and I knew some of the grammar, etc. So this was really new to me.The technique is certainly interesting. They do a good job of showing you pictures many times and making you pronounce the word. This package comes with a mic and headphone, although I only used the mic. But when you speak back, the software tells you how well you pronounced the word. That's pretty neat. But occasionally it can get annoying if you think you've pronounced the word correctly and it still says you haven't! For each word they also have a training session so that you can practice just the pronunciation of that word.One other 'feature' that I didn't like was that they always take you through a review when you start a new session (after having previously finished a session and then closed the software). There is a way to disable that review, but they'll always remind you about it later on and mark it as remaining to do!In all fairness, if the goal is to learn a language, this software does a good job of that. Just don't expect to learn it quick. It is meant to take a long time, just as a baby takes a long time to eventually communicate with others. But the point is, at the end, you will be able to communicate!
I studied French in high school but over the years I lost what little I learned there. I've been using Rosetta Stone to get me back up to speed and so far it is doing a very good job.Rosetta Stone's method is based on a technique called "Dynamic Immersion." You're immediately thrown into the language you want to learn -- there's no English allowed. This sounds daunting, but the software starts you off at such a rudimentary level it isn't intimidating.Thankfully, the app employs a good variety of interactive methods (matching pictures to sentences, writing caption for photos, hearing words and phrases pronounced correctly by native speakers, etc.) so the "by rote" factor stays low. Rosetta Stone says its techniques are modeled on how native speakers actually learn their own languages, usually while still kids, and I think that's a good description for what the software delivers. You start with words and then move on to phrases, and then with level two you get to conversations. Level three kicks the conversational up a couple of notches. It's a natural progression.I really like how the program keeps track of what areas I'm botching and pulls me back into those areas for more work. I also like the pronunciation practice via the included headset, although I can't verify it's always catching me when I'm mispronouncing things. To my ear I'm doing OK, but my ear isn't the best, hence my use of this program. If I'm pronouncing things badly and the program isn't always catching my errors, I'm not sure how I'd know, if you see what I mean. (I'm sure I'll find out once I begin practicing on real people.) My hope is that I can nail the rudiments of French and get a good grip on simple conversations using Rosetta Stone before trying to find people to practice with/on, thus keeping my embarrassment factor low.I think there are people who prefer a more standard "grammar-first" approach because they've found in the past that this is what works for them. I imagine there are also people who don't like looking at computer screens for lengthy periods. These are valid concerns. There are different pedagogical approaches for a reason -- not everyone learns in the same way. My guess is that Rosetta Stone would serve the majority of people very well, especially students who are comfortable with computer-based learning. Ideally, I think this program will work best for people who are studying a language using many "inputs" (text books, audio programs, computer apps, foreign-language media, the foreign language audio channels on your favorite DVDs, native speakers, etc.) All of these things will ultimately reinforce one another. The more immersion, the better.Overall, I am very pleased with this product. The program's interface is well-designed, I've experienced no bugs or glitches, and I am making progress faster than I thought I would (or at least I think I am). I'd give the app five stars but I cringe just a little bit at the price. I don't think it is overpriced for what you get, mind you, but the cost -- well, it is what it is. There is a demo on the Rosetta Stone Web site that I encourage you to try before buying. It'll give you a good idea how well this program will work for you. If you like the approach, the price for all three levels is well worth it.Keep in mind that learning any foreign tongue will realistically take a while. Rosetta Stone shortens the learning period a good deal and makes sticking with the program easier, but it doesn't promise total fluency. It's only a foundation. Still, it's a pretty darn good one.
French is probably the most difficult Latin based language to learn for me.  The pronunciation does me in quite a bit.  I'm part way through Level 1, and going very slowly, constantly repeating back the words that are being spoken to me in my daily life, and that's the way to go.  This program is much better than taking a book from the library and quite literally decoding the accent marks on the words to try and understand how to say it, but is a cheaper alternative to taking a class (although, of course it can never substitute in for one).The presentation of the material, a picture, a word, and the pronunciation, and you having to pick your way through several options to get the rights answer is a good way to learn a language, the way kids do, but adults have forgotten.  It's not rote memorization, it's seeing, interpreting, and trying through experience.  I strongly recommend that you take frequent time-outs during your course and use the words and phrases in everyday life to strengthen their meaning in your head.  Making the words and pictures your own, in real life, instead of a computer screen, will help you remember much better, faster, and for the longer term, than just sitting in front of the computer screen or listening to the audio companion (not to mention it's more fun).  The reason is simple: if you use this program alone to try and recall the language, you're bound to "cheat", that is, once you've forgotten a word or phrase, you'll keep constantly coming back to a certain part in the software or "tape" to recall it, and you'll do it again and again and again.  What's the point?  Instead, go slowly, and use the words for a couple of days in real life, and you'll never have to reference them again!This program almost sucks you in, especially in the easy beginning, by making it seem like learning the language is very easy!  Hence, I was tempted, and fell into the trap of, going quickly, assuming I'd remember a word or phrase down the line...of course, that wasn't the case.  I had to keep going back to try and recall what I had "learned" before, otherwise I can't go forward, and this is a silly thing to do.Overall, I don't expect this program to make you a fluent speaker, but is a nice way to learn the basics of the language, understand a native speaker, brush up on your skills, or as a prep-course before taking a real-live class.
After traveling to France this summer for a few weeks I was interested in learning some of the French language. I'm trying out Rosetta Stone version 3 (1,2&3). I'm running the program on my Apple Mac Book Pro with OS X 10.5 with no problems. Installation was easy and setup of the microphone/headset was easy as well.The program works well although there are a few areas that are not very intuitive on what the program is asking you to perform. For the most part though, the program works as advertised. The program contains repetitive speech through matching of words with pictures and allows you to repeat words back to the computer to verify your accent. This feature is very nice as it allows you to validate how your are pronouncing the french words.Its hard to see how matching words to pictures will allow you to fully speak another language but time will tell. As with learning any language it takes time and dedication even when using software like Rosetta Stone.
Opening the package, I noticed the producty included several PC CD-ROMS, audio CD's, headset w/microphone, and instruction manuals.  Installation was fairly straightforward although product activation is required. The activation process was a bit of a pain because during several attempts to activate, it appeared the computer stopped responding and we restarted.  Finally, we decided to wait it out and after several minutes of apparent inactivity, a message appeared confirming activation.  This was slightly annoying because we were unable to use the full suite unless we activated.  after activation, we were prompted to configure the speech recognition.  This was easy and it worked suprisingly well.  The beginning lessons were concise and easy to understand.  It basically teaches you a word and you repeat it and the speech recognition guages how well you did.  Repetition is key and you do retain the information once taught.  My daughter is a French honors student and she has already learned some content not yet taught in school. Overall, I think the lessons are pretty easy and the knowledge is retained if you approach it seriously.  Overall, an excellent aid in learning if you are serious about the language and  truly desire to learn, once you get past the installation issues.
Day 1:  Installation on my windows xp computer failed, however, the installation on a windows vista machine went smoothly.  The sound quality is excellent, and the opening lessons went smoothly and quickly. My retention seems pretty good due to the intense repetition.  I had no problem figuring out what the program was talking about. Setting up the microphone was a bit tricky for optimum voice recognition.  Make sure that the background is very quiet and that there are no echoes in the room (e.g., carpet helps). Otherwise, the instructions are straightforward. Having a dictionary or phrase book handy helps. La vie est bonne.Week 1: Ca va? Total immersion sounds good on the surface, but in practice, it leaves a lot to be desired. The makers of this program would do well to have exercises to build some vocabulary and word recognition at least in the early stages of learning. I have achieved some pretty good scores, but only after obtaining some more traditional material. Now the total immersion seems pretty good.  The microphone works about 80% of the time. Either that, or my pronunciation is really terrible (I vote for the mic as the source of the problem). So far, I am enjoying the Rosetta French program, which is 90% of the battle to keep going. Au revoir.After more use, my vocabulary is actually starting to improve. Some of the implied grammar is coming through. However, it is much easier to consult some printed material when the program starts into distinguishing between masculine and feminine nouns and singular and plural forms. I think that the Rosetta Stone program should be treated as a supplement to more traditional text book study. I started doing this, and then the program is good as a language lab drilling the user on pronunciation and useful forms of expression. So far, I am quite happy with Rosetta Stone French complimented by a good book on vocabulary and grammar.  I improved the microphone accuracy to almost 100% by carefully adjusting the distance further from my mouth.Week 3 and 4 Progress continues. I cannot say that I am speaking French, but the ever calm program puts up with my blunders and never laughs. I am getting to the point where I might where I might screw up the courage to try to speak to a real live native French speaker after bribing him with a few drinks. The problem is that the Rosetta Stone program so far has not provided the vocabulary to hold a normal conversation about things that real people discuss in the US. However, I have some supplemental vocabulary from texts. I'll let you know what happens.
While it should be a standard to wait a long while before reviewing there are aspects that become more quickly apparent both for comparison and understanding.My previous French language experience came from two years of high school classes about sixteen years ago.  I've had a few other language classes since then, establishing me if not as a thorough polyglot at least as a someone well versed in language training from a variety of different teaching styles, approaches, and contexts.I've tried to keep up with a number of these languages I've studied, with various success, and with various software help. Mostly the inexpensive kind.  I've picked up the Instant Immersion disks (a great, inexpensive, entirely un-thorough approach), the Learn to Speak series (about the same, though with a lot more content).Recently, to learn German for my studies I looked at more thorough programs and two stood out.  The Rosetta Stone series and the Tell Me More.  I noticed Tell Me More was getting great reviews and was less than half the price.  Being a little financially strapped I skipped the trend and bought Tell Me More. And I'm very glad I did. It's an effective program that has pushed me quite along in learning the language.Still, there was a tickle in my brain.  Is Rosetta Stone really better?  So, when it came time for me to start with French, also for my studies, I decided to make a contrast.And yes, Rosetta Stone is the better program.In some ways.Really, I'd have to say these are quite different programs, rather than one being substantially better.Tell Me More is a like a class in a box.  There is a mix of exercises that help to build vocabulary, sentence structure, writing, pronunciation, and other aspects.  Each section has a large mix of short lessons that reinforce the learning without becoming dull or tedious.  Save yourself taking language classes by using Tell Me More.Rosetta Stone is a lot less like taking a class.  It's more like finding yourself on an island with a group of people who all only speak another shared language.  And if you want to learn how to thrive on this island, then you follow their patient, but focused, teaching.This approach sticks, and it is effective.My only quibble is I'm not sure it's quite worth the amount of money they are asking.  Indeed, if money isn't an issue then by all means go with Rosetta Stone.  There are qualities that do set it apart, and it helps a person feel much more involved in the language and less like taking a class.But, if money is an issue Tell Me More is comparable in quality, without being nearly as expensive.That's not a slam against the product quality of Rosetta Stone at all. It really is an extraordinary software, and revolutionizes language learning.
Language is essentially a human thing, and it's always going to be better to have humans to converse with. If you don't have that option, Rosetta Stone is an excellent second choice.The main activity is on your computer. You are presented with photos -- and they are very nice, with multicultural groups of people having all kinds of fun, and beautiful pictures of objects and animals -- and then you read and listen, click, and speak or type in response.Each of the 16 lessons in each level contains a Core Lesson which presents vocabulary and sentence patterns in a logical sequence. You hear native speakers and every effort is made to keep the language natural -- for example, whent he question is "Is she sleeeping?" the speaker is asking about a baby on her shoulder. It is a situation in which it is reasonable to ask the question.There is a microphone to speak into, and it makes a sad little noise if your pronunciation is not close enough. You get the same thing if you give a wrong answer -- clicking, for eample, on the eggs when you were prompted to click on just one egg.Some of us may feel frustrated at being unable to say "So plurals are made by doing X?" or "What exactly is a Y?" but if you can relax and proceed through the course, you will find that it all becomes clear as you go along.The accompanying CDs are a traditional listen and repeat format, again using native speakers. You will soon be listening to complex sentences and lengthy conversations.You can go at your own pace, and it is very easy to navigate backwards or forwards. You also have the option of setting up your course to focus on one or all of the skills of understanding, reading, speaking, and writing. The initial set-up took about 15 minutes.
This review is written by my 16-year old daughter who installed the software (with a little help from me) and started using it."The RosettaStone Version 4: French Level 1,2 & 3" is a fun, engaging introduction to learning a new language.The program comes with three corresponding Audio Companion CDs PER LEVEL, for a total of 12 disks of instructional software in one product. (The Audio Companion software can be downloaded to an MP3 player). Each Level has four different units, for each of which you practice Pronunciation, Vocabulary, Phrases, Speaking, and more. RosettaStones' unique feature is its use of "language immersion" as a teaching tool. The program shows you images and the corresponding French words for what is in the pictures. There is no direct English-to-French vocabulary translation (that I've seen thus far), and this makes learning the language more enjoyable and more natural. The graphics are very aesthetically pleasing as well.The audio software is one of the best parts about this program. The product comes with a USB Headset Microphone, and the program uses voice recognition software for you to practice pronunciation. Better yet, you can record yourself saying the same phrase several times and then play it back to listen to your progress and compare your pronunciation to that of a native speaker.One drawback to the program is that you cannot pause a lesson easily if you need to see something again. You have to wait until the end of the lesson and then go back to particular part of it, but this is a minor inconvenience that does not take away too much from the program's quality.I've only begun to use RosettaStone, but I am very pleased with the product thus far and will continue to use it."
For those unaware, the Rosetta stone philosophy is to learn a language the way a baby learns. No grammar, no lessons, etc. Just immerse the student in the language the way a baby is immersed. To be honest, I wasn't aware of that philosophy when I decided to try this out.The technique is certainly interesting. They do a good job of showing you pictures many times and making you pronounce the word. This package comes with a mic and headphone, although I only used the mic. But when you speak back, the software tells you how well you pronounced the word. That's pretty neat. But occasionally it can get annoying if you think you've pronounced the word correctly and it still says you haven't! For each word they also have a training session so that you can practice just the pronunciation of that word.One other 'feature' that I didn't like was that they always take you through a review when you start a new session (after having previously finished a session and then closed the software). There is a way to disable that review, but they'll always remind you about it later on and mark it as remaining to do!In all fairness, if the goal is to learn a language, this software does a good job of that. Just don't expect to learn it quick. It is meant to take a long time, just as a baby takes a long time to eventually communicate with others. But the point is, at the end, you will be able to communicate!
Rosetta Stone's method is based on a technique called "Dynamic Immersion." You're immediately thrown into the language you want to learn -- there's no English allowed. This sounds daunting, but the software starts you off at such a rudimentary level it isn't intimidating.I really like how the program keeps track of what areas I'm botching and pulls me back into those areas for more work. I also like the pronunciation practice via the included headset, although I can't verify it's always catching me when I'm mispronouncing things. To my ear I'm doing OK, but my ear isn't the best, hence my use of this program. If I'm pronouncing things badly and the program isn't always catching my errors, I'm not sure how I'd know, if you see what I mean. My hope is that I can nail the rudiments of Italian and get a good grip on simple conversations using Rosetta Stone before trying to find people to practice with/on, thus keeping my embarrassment factor low.Thankfully, the app employs a good variety of interactive methods (matching pictures to sentences, writing caption for photos, hearing words and phrases pronounced correctly by native speakers, etc.) so the "by rote" factor stays low. Rosetta Stone says its techniques are modeled on how native speakers actually learn their own languages, usually while still kids, and I think that's a good description for what the software delivers. You start with words and then move on to phrases, and then with level two you get to conversations. Level three kicks the conversational up a couple of notches. It's a natural progression.I think there are people who prefer a more standard "grammar-first" approach because they've found in the past that this is what works for them. I imagine there are also people who don't like looking at computer screens for lengthy periods. These are valid concerns. There are different pedagogical approaches for a reason -- not everyone learns in the same way. My guess is that Rosetta Stone would serve the majority of people very well, especially students who are comfortable with computer-based learning. Ideally, I think this program will work best for people who are studying a language using many "inputs" (text books, audio programs, computer apps, foreign-language media, foreign flicks, native speakers, etc.) All of these things will ultimately reinforce one another. The more immersion, the better.Overall, I am very pleased with this product. The program's interface is well-designed, I've experienced no bugs or glitches, and I am making progress faster than I thought I would (or at least I think I am). I'd give the app five stars but I cringe just a little bit at the price. I don't think it is overpriced for what you get, mind you, but the cost -- well, it is what it is. There is a demo on the Rosetta Stone Web site that I encourage you to try before buying. It'll give you a good idea how well this program will work for you. If you like the approach, the price for all three levels is well worth it.Keep in mind that learning any foreign tongue will realistically take a while. Rosetta Stone shortens the learning period a good deal and makes sticking with the program easier, but it's only a foundation. Still, it's a pretty darn good one, and I can see why it's so popular with the international business community.
Italian isn't that difficult to learn for me, as it's the cousin language of Spanish, and so many (words, grammar, etc) things overlap.  Rosetta Stone, for me, is mainly about helping to understand what words/phrases go with what picture/scenario, and most importantly of all, pronunciation.  If you can't pronounce a word, what the heck is it worth then?This is why RS is such a good study-at-home program.  The main reason, being the voice recognition technology which is worth its weight in gold.  You will speak into your mic.  And the program will analyze the sound waves, letting you see and hear how well you did compared to the native speaker.  Please note however, that no mic. Is perfect, and don't waste your time sitting there for hours, trying to match every sound wave.  Use your judgment and decide when you've learned the proper pronunciation well enough, but without having to be perfect.In addition to the voice recognition technology, the audio companion is really well worth the money.  Just having the ability to take the program on the go, and listen to what you have already learned is really neat.  First, it keep the material fresh in your mind, and second you get to once again, listen to the proper pronunciation, and try to repeat it back (hopefully not in a public place like a bus, as you might get a few odd stares).
I've tried a couple of the Rosetta Stone products and the Italian level 1,2,3 doesn't disappoint. The product installed fine on Mac OS 10.5 or you can install on Windows XP/Vista. Although the product wasn't developed for MAC platform it does perform well but doesn't offer any of the MAC like interface setup.As far as the language learning, the product performs well. It starts off easy with matching of words to pictures and quickly builds to speaking and matching more complex language sentences. I like how the product feels up to date with the images and the over all look and feel. I really like the ability to speak back to the system so that it can verify how I'm pronouncing the words and sentences. I also like the audio companion feature that allows you to take your learning on the road with an MP3 player.As far as learning a language by using the software, well....that takes time and commitment to going through the software and practicing. Its easy to think that you can just go through the software and speak another language but learning a language is hard work but the software makes it more manageable.
I use this to teach my third-grader a foreign language.  I have previously used other Rosetta Stone products and found them to be very good additional study resources for foreign language students. This particular version surprised me with issues I didn't encounter in other Rosetta products.  The first problem occurred after (an easy) installation.  After installation completed, the program checked and informed me there was an update available (approx. 130 MB in size).  The subsequent program update was a nightmare. I initially tried upgrading over a wireless connection, however, it hung on the "Downloading" screen for over an hour and, upon checking, there was  no related hard disk or network activity during that time. I forced the application to quit and tried again three subsequent times before switching to a physical ethernet cable connection.  It still sat for over an hour with apparently no computer activity.  I decided to leave it for a couple hours and see what happened.  Eventually (approx. 1 1/2 hrs in), it FINALLY decided to resume installing the update.  My theory is that the download speed for that particular update must have been extremely slow that day.  I'm willing to give Rosetta the benefit of the doubt that their servers may have hiccupped that day.  It happens.  However, it was a serious enough issue that I felt it had to be shared, in case anyone else encounters it.Once installed, it's the same good old Rosetta system.  The immersion process is wonderful.  I set up the program for my daughter, had her train her microphone and she was off and running.  Lessons are broken into different groups, core, pronunciation, vocabulary, speaking, writing, etc.  She initially did really good with the core lesson and vocabulary. After a few lessons she was identifying people and objects based upon the program questioning her in Italian.  Unfortunately, the speech recognition leaves a lot to be desired.  The pronunciation lesson became so frustrating, we skipped the remaining 3/4 of it.  We tried to find our mistakes, however, despite utilizing all of the voice analysis tools within the program, we could not detect error and were convinced we were saying the words correctly.  We also noticed the program kept repeatedly beeping "incorrect" despite total silence in the room. I reinstalled the application to rule out faulty program files.  Same result.  This could be a possible bug in the app.  I plan to email Rosetta and advise.  Other than those few minor annoyances, my daughter loves it and has been in there for the past few hours using it.  Every few minutes she'll pop in our room and speak a phrase in Italian.Overall, a solid program slightly hampered by a busted upgrade feature and flawed speech recognition.  However, as I've said, this isn't typical in my other Rosetta products so I'm hoping it's either just a bug.  It would have definitely received 5 stars if not for these little quirks. Despite that fact, my daughter loves it, just as my other children love their respective Rosetta products.  I believe your child (or you) would enjoy and benefit from this program too.  Despite the warts, it DOES effectively teach and that's the thing that matters most.
Alright so you probably will not wirting in Italian like a pro; however, you will be able speak and understand Italian.  No you will no the grammar rules but many people do not even know the grammr rules of their native language.If you do not have at least 4 to 5 hours a week to commit to the Rosseta learning process, then I do not recommend you purchasing it because the cost is high to justify the lack of commitment. In addition, you need to isolate yourself from distractions.  Besides your kids will laugh at you as you try to repeat the words at the computer.You are presented with images and audio. The software also has you try to say the word and does not move on until you same it somewhat close. You start out with words, then move on phrases and finally to sentences. You can move on to the next lesson at your pace and each builds upon the previous lesson.Yes I would recommend the software. Ideally I believe you would be better off taking a class at a local college so you can work with others also trying to learn the language.
I knew no Italian before working with this program, and I found that I was easily able to follow it. It's efficient, enjoyable, and practical.Initially, I questioned whether I would actually remember the new things I was learning. It seemed as though getting the right answers -- which I did -- had more to do with problem-solving skills than with actually learning the language. However, I found that I was able to build on what I had learned,and the program has review designed into it.This really is painless language learning.I had worked through the French language as well, to brush up on and improve my language skills, and I found that installing a second language with the Rosetta Stone software was easy and convenient, though Italian did require a lengthy "update" session which kept it from being fast. I was also able to put it on my laptop, so I could take it along with me and practice while traveling.The other concern I'd had was that the two language programs might be identical apart from the language itself --the same pictures, the same sequence, etc. -- and thus confusing. This was not the case.I strongly recommend the series.
The Rosetta Stone language system, for me at least, is far better than Pimsleur.  Pimplseur only teaches oral skills; I need to be able to "see" words and have the visual re-enforce the spoken.
I've been using this Rosetta Stone program for about three months now. Overall, I am very pleased with it. The program's interface is well-designed, I've experienced no bugs or glitches, and I am making progress faster than I thought I would (or at least I think I am).Rosetta Stone's method is based on a technique called "Dynamic Immersion." You're immediately thrown into the language you want to learn -- there's no English allowed. This sounds daunting, but the software starts you off at such a rudimentary level it isn't intimidating.Thankfully, the app employs a good variety of interactive methods (matching pictures to sentences, writing caption for photos, hearing words and phrases pronounced correctly by native speakers, etc.) so the "by rote" factor stays low. Rosetta Stone says its techniques are modeled on how native speakers actually learn their own languages, usually while still kids, and I think that's a good description for what the software delivers. You start with words and then move on to phrases, and then with level two you get to conversations. Level three kicks the conversational up a couple of notches. It's a natural progression.I think there are people who prefer a more standard "grammar-first" approach because they've found in the past that this is what works for them. I imagine there are also people who don't like looking at computer screens for lengthy periods. These are valid concerns. There are different pedagogical approaches for a reason -- not everyone learns in the same way. My guess is that Rosetta Stone would serve the majority of people very well, especially students who are comfortable with computer-based learning. Ideally, I think this program will work best for people who are studying a language using many "inputs" (text books, audio programs, computer apps, foreign-language media, foreign flicks, native speakers, etc.) All of these things will ultimately reinforce one another. The more immersion, the better.I really like how the program keeps track of what areas I'm botching and pulls me back into those areas for more work. I also like the pronunciation practice via the included headset, although I can't verify it's always catching me when I'm mispronouncing things. To my ear I'm doing OK, but my ear isn't the best, hence my use of this program. If I'm pronouncing things badly and the program isn't always catching my errors, I'm not sure how I'd know, if you see what I mean. My hope is that I can nail the rudiments of German and get a good grip on simple conversations using Rosetta Stone before trying to find people to practice with/on, thus keeping my embarrassment factor low.I'd give the app five stars but I cringe just a little bit at the price. I don't think it is overpriced for what you get, mind you, but the cost -- well, it is what it is. There is a demo on the Rosetta Stone Web site that I encourage you to try before buying. It'll give you a good idea how well this program will work for you. If you like the approach, the price for all three levels is well worth it.Keep in mind that learning any foreign tongue will realistically take a while. Rosetta Stone shortens the learning period a good deal and makes sticking with the program easier, but it's only a foundation. Still, it's a pretty darn good one, and I can see why it's so popular with people traveling overseas for the first time as well as the international business community.
I tried this software out in several languages, and found the learning process to be very easy and intuitive.  I'd recommend it for learning a language, although it will never compare to living in a foreign country and speaking only that language.Pros:Rosetta stone's process is a lot better than traditional "current language word = foreign language word" learning processes, which rely on memorization and lead to internal translation from the foreign language to one's native language while speaking.  Rosetta stone converts foreign words straight to pictures and ideas, eliminating internal translation to one's native language.  There is plenty of repetition of previous words, but at no point does the process seem like rote recitation.The software is divided into "lessons" which introduce new words, and have several exercises including matching, pronouncing each part of the word, verbally filling in blanks with your new words, etc.  There is plenty to keep you interested and ensure that you learn new words and phrases.The voice recognition was decent, a simple training has the program hearing you correctly ~90% of the time, and an adjustable slider can reduce the pickiness the software has if you're having issues, although that also controls how strictly you want to be held to pronunciation.Cons of Rosetta Stone:-Higher price-The approach in rosetta stone does not use conjugations or grammar rules, you just learn words and phrases.  Some maybe bothered by this.-Many other reviews note technical problems, I had no issues on my PC running windows XP.
I've tried a couple of the Rosetta Stone products and the German level 1,2,3 doesn't disappoint. The product installed fine on Mac OS 10.5 or you can install on Windows XP/Vista. Although the product wasn't developed for MAC platform it does perform well but doesn't offer any of the MAC like interface setup.As far as the language learning, the product performs well. It starts off easy with matching of words to pictures and quickly builds to speaking and matching more complex language sentences. I like how the product feels up to date with the images and the over all look and feel. I really like the ability to speak back to the system so that it can verify how I'm pronouncing the words and sentences. I also like the audio companion feature that allows you to take your learning on the road with an MP3 player.As far as learning a language by using the software, well....that takes time and commitment to going through the software and practicing. Its easy to think that you can just go through the software and speak another language but learning a language is hard work but the software makes it more manageable.
I have been hard at work with the Rosetta Stone (RS) German level 1 material for the past weeks. Previously I had tried the Berlitz German course on CD 5 years ago and had given up after the 4th lesson due to personal laziness and loss of interest. But I've always wanted to pick it back up. I am really enjoying this. The approach forces me to concentrate more because it is highly interactive. As a result, I feel that I am retaining more. I certainly prefer it to the traditional approach like the Berlitz material I once used. I have decided to be very careful in getting the pronunciation and subtle inflections correct- so I have repeated the lessons a few times and listened to the CD in my car drive home from work. Constant repetition and practice has certainly worked for me. When I finish level 1, I'm going try my stuff out on my German friend and see how it goes!All in all, although very expensive, it is a great product, very well designed and thought out (one gets the feeling this is carefully put together in a very logical manner), and I will endeavor to edit this review by appending periodic updates to my progress every feel months or so.
Being of German descent I have a desire to keep learning the language.  That is why I have taken the Goethe Institut German language courses and used Pimsleur and Sybervision courses, among others.  The Pimsleur / Sybervision language courses cost over $300 each. They each have their benefits and strong points as well as weaknesses, however, I will not go into them here.  This is about theRosetta Stone Version 3: German Level 1, 2 & 3 Set with Audio Companion.  I have been using Rosetta Stone Version 3: German Level 1, 2 & 3 Set for over a month now and believe it is a very good way to learn a language.With the Rosetta Stone German you are immersed in the language.  It is a totally different way of learning.  Pictures are shown which have you match the correct word or phrase.  Pronunciation is practiced using the included headset and microphone.  You begin to associate the correct words and phrases with the situation.  Having studied German previously has given me some appreciation for this course.  The method is easy to understand and use regularly. The included audio CD's are useful to practice speaking what you have learned.Technically speaking, installation of the CD software was easy on my Macbook, although somewhat time consuming.  Once installed it needed to update, of course.  Setting up the program is easy.  I do continue to have to turn the headset and mic on every time I use the program.  As others have mentioned in their comments, the software only has two activations and after that you have to call RS for support.  One suggestion for RS is I think they should have had more German "looking" pictures in the coursework, and less multicultural photos.I don't think you can do much better for the price but, you may find you need to add something to your learning experience.  I would recommend you use a coursebook such asThemen neu 1, Coursebook.All in all, the Rosetta Stone German lessons are a worthwhile learning companion.  Finishing the Rosetta Stone Version 3: German Level 1, 2 & 3 course should give you the ability to speak and understand German.
This is a review of the old version.  I'd recommend getting the new version.Rosetta Stone uses language recognition and a series of levels to make sure you are learning the language as you move forward.  If you complete all three levels you will be able to at least stumble your way through very basic conversations.  If you need to become more fluent you can simply repeat the sets multiple times.  If you complete set 1-3 multiple times you'll be more and more comfortable speaking entire sentences.In short, you get out of this product what you put into it.  I don't think that completing the set once will provide someone with fluency.  However, if you complete the entire set 5 times you'll definitely be much closer to fluency.  The benefit of the program is that is is well structured and it never gets tired of repeating things that you got wrong.  if you are truly committed you could complete the set 10 times and I think by then you would be able to hold entire conversations in German.  Is that a lot of work?  Yes, yes it is but it does get easier each time you do it.There is no magic here but it is a really impressive piece of technology.  With work anyone can learn a foreign language well enough to converse in it.  That is pretty impressive.  I took off a star because the speech recognition isn't always spot on.
My previous German language experience came from an eight week German reading course I took about 5 years ago.  The emphasis was not on speaking, but rather to give us the basic tools in order to begin the process of deciphering German texts.  I've had a few other language classes since then, establishing me if not as a thorough polyglot at least as a someone well versed in language training from a variety of different teaching styles, approaches, and contexts.I've tried to keep up with a number of these languages I've studied, with various success, and with various software help. Mostly the inexpensive kind.  I've picked up the Instant Immersion disks (a great, inexpensive, entirely un-thorough approach), the Learn to Speak series (about the same, though with a lot more content).Recently, to learn German for my studies I looked at more thorough programs and two stood out.  The Rosetta Stone series and the Tell Me More.  I noticed Tell Me More was getting great reviews and was less than half the price.  Being a little financially strapped I skipped the trend and bought Tell Me More. And I'm very glad I did. It's an effective program that has pushed me quite along in learning the language.Still, there was a tickle in my brain.  Is Rosetta Stone really better?Now, with Rosetta Stone German and Tell Me More German in hand I have an answer.And yes, Rosetta Stone is the better program.In some ways.Really, I'd have to say these are quite different programs, rather than one being substantially better.Tell Me More is a like a class in a box.  There is a mix of exercises that help to build vocabulary, sentence structure, writing, pronunciation, and other aspects.  Each section has a large mix of short lessons that reinforce the learning without becoming dull or tedious.  Save yourself taking language classes by using Tell Me More.Rosetta Stone is a lot less like taking a class.  It's more like finding yourself on an island with a group of people who all only speak another shared language.  And if you want to learn how to thrive on this island, then you follow their patient, but focused, teaching.  The lessons advance by building on previous lessons, adding grammar and vocabulary in small increments without being separate focus.  Rosetta Stone goes for whole learning, approaching the language as a whole rather than in separate topics.  Also, there is a tracking system so that after a certain amount of days a review lesson pops up that makes sure what was learned a couple of weeks ago is still there.  Good confidence boost too.This approach sticks, and it is effective.My only quibble is I'm not sure it's quite worth the amount of money they are asking.  Indeed, if money isn't an issue then by all means go with Rosetta Stone.  There are qualities that do set it apart, and it helps a person feel much more involved in the language and less like taking a class. I see it also as a continued resource way beyond the initial run through, providing a consistent platform to keep the language sharp.The island analogy is also appropriate because Rosetta Stone doesn't have nearly the same amount of cultural exposure that Tell Me More does.  The Tell Me More program offers more German (as in the country) exposure, along with Austria and Switzerland.Tell Me More also has a more potent vocabulary push, especially early on.  Rosetta Stone takes a long while to build a foundation and with this can become pretty repetitive.But, if money is an issue Tell Me More is comparable in quality, without being nearly as expensive.That's not a slam against the product quality of Rosetta Stone at all. It really is an extraordinary software, and revolutionizes language learning.
Where to even begin - First my major frustration.I have drooled over this software for years and when it finally arrived I tore open the box to install right away.  The box is nice, the included booklet and materials are also nice, well made and useful.  The installation went well, no trouble at all, until after completing the install from the disc and moving on to the update from their website.  The update downloaded and started to install - then froze.  Confused I discovered that Windows had ignored my telling it not to automatically download Windows updates and had instead downloaded one and was attempting to reboot my computer in the middle of my Rosetta Stone install. I sat for over an hour telling Windows not to reboot the computer while waiting for the Rosetta Stone update to complete.  Finally I had to go make dinner and left the computer to its own devices.When I returned my laptop was dead - completely... so I called Dell and they did some magic to tell me that my hard drive was kaput.  I now had to wait 3 days for my new hard drive to arrive (thank goodness for Dell's Warranties).  Once I had the new hard drive and had put my computer back together, I tried the Rosetta Stone install again.  This time it went much faster, and the update went off without a hitch.  Then I read in the agreement that the software can only be installed a total of 2 times.  So I called Rosetta Stone - The told me that it was indeed true, that heaven forbid I buy a new computer, I cannot move it to the new one without contacting them ahead of time to deactivate the registration on the old computer.  I was upset because I had wanted to also install it on my children's computer so that they could try it as well - but I was informed that unless I mailed them proof of purchase and leapt through a few other hoops, that they could do nothing for me.  If my current hard drive dies - I am out $500 software.  That fact alone would make me as a consumer very hesitant to shell out the kind of money they are asking for.Now on to the product -I like it.  I set up 3 students on it; me, my son, and my husband and only myself and my son have tried it.  He loved it but could not do the speaking recognition since not only has he picked up a strong southern (read "redneck") accent - but he's also 8 years old and it had a hard time recognizing anything he said.What I like:1) There really isn't any English in the program, you start it up and boom - there's a picture of a little girl with the word in German above it and a lady saying the word out loud.  There is a lot of clicking to identify what is being said to you, picking out the picture that matches the words or repeating what has been said to you.2) The pictures are very pretty; the flow of the material is presented in a very attractive manner.3) This is incredibly easy to use; my 8 year old went along for a while using it and having a blast with no trouble or instruction at all until he hit the speaking part.4) Others have complained of the headset - this is the only one I have ever had for the computer and it hasn't given me any trouble at all.  It even survived a road trip with quite a bit of abuse.5) This method of teaching me the masculinity/femininity of the articles and different words actually seems to be sticking.  Which is funny because I've taken (and failed) German classes and had a hard time remembering them before.What I didn't like:1) The biggest one is the issue with only installing it twice - ever.2) The speech recognition was going great for a while, but then would suddenly not understand me in a simple syllable.  I spent 3 minutes trying to pronounce "com" the way it wanted, ending with a string of curses and lots of beeping in my ear - perhaps I have a southern accent as well.3) I would really have liked for the pictures to have gone with the culture of the country whose language I am trying to learn.  Why am I learning the German word for Woman while looking at a picture of a Chinese Kabuki Dancer?  I understand the multicultural aspect and that they probably just have stock pictures used for all of the languages - but for the money they want for this product, put pictures from German speaking cultures in it.  When I buy the Mandarin version THEN give me the Kabuki pictures.4) I personally don't believe that I will be fluent in the language through this method without finding a German in real life to converse with.  I am currently almost done with phase 1 and although I now recognize the words, I don't know that I will be able to formulate conversation through this method.  I will update when I complete the entire program.It is my belief that this software will allow you to probably pass German 1 and 2 at a college level with at least a "B."  I also think that you could go over to Germany, be able to order a meal, ask for directions and get around with little to no problem.  I DON'T think that you will be able to discuss politics or pass as a native.Is it worth the money?  If you take out the install limitation - the software itself is great.  I do recommend it, but you have to know ahead of time how badly do you want to learn the language and how much are you willing to pay to learn it.  The cost is about the same as a college class and would cover both German 1 and 2 at the college level so in theory it's cheaper then taking the two classes in it.  If you have a hard time in classes then this may be the way to go.
I've tried previous versions of Rosetta and I have to say they've made some good improvements with version 3. I like the way the software flows, the interface is less cluttered, and the quality of the photographs they use seems to have improved. This kit comes with the program, a supplemental audio CD set for level 3, and a USB headset with microphone. As soon as I plugged the headset into my Windows XP computer it was recognized and became active. I did have to go into audio settings on my computer to turn the volume down, but there may be a way to do that within the program itself, I just didn't bother looking. As for the lessons themselves, although I was a little confused at first about when I was supposed to speak an answer and when I was supposed to click a picture with my mouse, I soon had that figured out and was happily working my way through the program. All in all this is a good approach if you want to learn a new language at your own pace in an engaging way.
Rosetta Stone's method is based on a technique called "Dynamic Immersion." You're immediately thrown into the language you want to learn -- there's no English allowed. This sounds daunting, but the software starts you off at such a rudimentary level it isn't intimidating.Thankfully, the app employs a good variety of interactive methods (matching pictures to sentences, writing caption for photos, hearing words and phrases pronounced correctly by native speakers, etc.) so the "by rote" factor stays low. Rosetta Stone says its techniques are modeled on how native speakers actually learn their own languages, usually while still kids, and I think that's a good description for what the software delivers. You start with words and then move on to phrases, and then with level two you get to conversations. Level three kicks the conversational up a couple of notches. It's a natural progression.I really like how the program keeps track of what areas I'm botching and pulls me back into those areas for more work. I also like the pronunciation practice via the included headset, although I can't verify it's always catching me when I'm mispronouncing things. To my ear I'm doing OK, but my ear isn't the best, hence my use of this program. If I'm pronouncing things badly and the program isn't always catching my errors, I'm not sure how I'd know, if you see what I mean. (I'm sure I'll find out once I begin practicing on real people.) My hope is that I can nail the rudiments of Japanese and get a good grip on simple conversations using Rosetta Stone before trying to find people to practice with/on, thus keeping my embarrassment factor low.I think there are people who prefer a more standard "grammar-first" approach because they've found in the past that this is what works for them. I imagine there are also people who don't like looking at computer screens for lengthy periods. These are valid concerns. There are different pedagogical approaches for a reason -- not everyone learns in the same way. My guess is that Rosetta Stone would serve the majority of people very well, especially students who are comfortable with computer-based learning. Ideally, I think this program will work best for people who are studying a language using many "inputs" (text books, audio programs, computer apps, foreign-language media, Akira Kurosawa flicks, native speakers, etc.) All of these things will ultimately reinforce one another. The more immersion, the better.Overall, I am very pleased with this product. The program's interface is well-designed, I've experienced no bugs or glitches, and I am making progress faster than I thought I would (or at least I think I am). I'd give the app five stars but I cringe just a little bit at the price. I don't think it is overpriced for what you get, mind you, but the cost -- well, it is what it is. There is a demo on the Rosetta Stone Web site that I encourage you to try before buying. It'll give you a good idea how well this program will work for you. If you like the approach, the price for all three levels is well worth it.Keep in mind that learning any foreign tongue will realistically take a while, especially Japanese. Rosetta Stone shortens the learning period a good deal and makes sticking with the program easier, but it's only a foundation. Still, it's a pretty darn good one.
The product consists of several PC CD-ROMS, audio CD's, headset w/microphone, and instruction manuals.  Installation was fairly straightforward although product activation is required. After installation and activation, we were prompted to configure the speech recognition.  This was easy and it works surprisingly well.  The beginning lessons were concise and easy to understand.  It basically teaches you the words, you repeat them, and the speech recognition guages how well you did. This is a great way to learn because it also teaches pronunciation.  As you progress, it gets more complex and the rules more strict, just like in a class.  The immersion technique is a great approach and the accompanying visuals are great.  My son is currently studying Japanese in high school.  He's had some difficulties along the way, however he finds the lessons in this product pretty easy to follow. This is an excellent study aid for him and is already boosting his confidence for the upcoming school year. Ultimately, the learning potential depends upon the individual.  This won't teach you Japanese overnight, however if you are persistent and serious about learning the language, it would definitly be a beneficial learning aid or supplemental resource for those already studying the language.  I'll update this review at a later time to report long-term results.
Rosetta Stone Version 3: Japanese Level 1, 2 & 3 Set with Audio Companionis a great program and is definitely speeding up my language learning.  I have studied and used several languages for work, and Japanese has been on my list for a while.  Like most tools this software should probably be used in combination with other tools.  Learning the Kanji character alphabet will probably be the hardest with the included method.  While it does help you with building a vocabulary, learning the intricacies of the various formal tenses is also something that may need to be augmented.  Still, this is an excellent resource for the serious language learner who wants to learn a little bit at a time. The high cost may stop some people but overall it's probably worth it for those serious about learning Japanese.The ProductThe product that includes the 3 levels is definitely a better value than the single level products, which won't provide enough content to allow even basic speaking ability.  Included you will find:1) Nice quality printed manuals2) Software CDs for all 3 levels, beginner, intermediate and advanced3) Audio companion CDs for all 3 levels, also a huge extra and well worth the extra $504) A basic computer headset with headphones and a microphoneOverall, the box seems somewhat small.  But once you see all that's included within it, you will understand where your money went.  There's a lot of content packed on those disks, which is what you pay for.The MethodThe full immersion method forces you to avoid the traditional translation of other learning methods.  The good thing is that it helps you to quickly gain the basics in terms of vocabulary and comprehension. The challenge is of course that you must work much harder to learn grammar and written syntax.  This version does allow you to see and learn some characters along with the lessons, but most serious learners will still want to augment this immersion method with some traditional study too.The software allows you to focus on language areas.  There is less emphasis on repetition within modules, but you can repeat them as desired if you prefer drills.  The USB headset allows you to repeat phrases and improve your accuracy, which also facilitates learning.  The structure is very good and the integrated visuals along with the audio will allow you to gain confidence quicker than other methods. Since many people learn visually and others learn by hearing, this method allows both groups to learn effectively.You can also begin to learn to read basic Japanese characters by selecting that option.  The program allows you to select traditional roman characters or Japanese.  There are also exercises that test your comprehension by making selections onscreen.The method may be overwhelming at first for some people, but is actually easier than traditional learning.  The only qualms I have with it is that I personally do learn a little better with traditional grammar and repetition methods.The SoftwareThe software is very good, but not error free.  I was somewhat surprised by how demanding it was.  I did experience a few errors that required me to restart the program, as well as some general slowness moving between sections.  I recently upgraded the RAM on my computer, and have had more responsiveness since then.  However, you are limited to installing this on one machine as far as I could tell.  So from that perspective, make sure you install it on a good one that you feel comfortable with.The audio companions are perhaps more akin to traditional programs I am familiar with.  These have been a great addition for me.  I started out only using the software and have begun to augment with the CDs too.The AlternativesTheRosetta Stone Version 3: Japanese Level 1, 2 & 3version doesn't include the audio companion, but as far as I'm concerned this version is well worth the small premium relative to that one.  Similarly, you can buy each level individually but getting them together is a much better value.Rosetta Stone Version 3: Japanese Level 1,Rosetta Stone Version 3: Japanese Level 2,Rosetta Stone Version 3: Japanese Level 3Coming from somebody who is used to learning a language from a combination of Barron's programs and books, this program is a very welcome addition to my toolbox.  I would still recommend using those other programs to augment your study though.  Particularly, books on characters likeEssential Kanji: 2,000 Basic Japanese Characters Systematically Arranged For Learning And Reference,Schaum's Outline of Japanese GrammarandJapanese Kanji Flashcards, Vol. 1 (Third Edition)are going to be very useful if you need to learn for more than just conversation.Relatively speaking, I suppose the Pimsleur programs likeJapanese III - 2nd Ed.: Learn to Speak and Understand Japanese with Pimsleur Language Programs (Pimsleur Language Program)would be considered comparable in price to these, though they are also more expensive if you buy each level individually.  Relative to those, there is no comparison.  This software approach wins hands down and is actually a better value.ConclusionThis is a great language program and should do the trick if, like many people, you are not a fan of the traditional memorization method that is common in language learning.  While the investment is significant, it's well worth if you're serious about learning Japanese.Enjoy!
I've tried previous versions of Rosetta (for Italian) and I have to say they've made some good improvements with version 3. I like the way the software flows, the interface is less cluttered, and the quality of the photographs they use seems to have improved. This kit comes with the program, a supplemental audio CD set for level 3, and a USB headset with microphone. As soon as I plugged the headset into my Windows XP computer it was recognized and became active. I did have to go into audio settings on my computer to turn the volume down, but there may be a way to do that within the program itself, I just didn't bother looking. As for the lessons themselves, although I was a little confused at first about when I was supposed to speak and answer and when I was supposed to click a picture with my mouse, I soon had that figured out and was happily working my way through the program. All in all this is a good approach if you want to learn a new language at your own pace in an engaging way.
I must admit that this review is written from a slightly biased point of view.  I had studied Spanish for 5 years.  But after a 4 year absence, and minimal practice in between, I decided to brush up on my skills.  I can tell you right away that levels 1 and 2, for someone who may not have perfect grammar, or know every word in Spanish, are still very, very easy.  Level 3 presents only minor problems, if any.  This program will not, in my opinion, substitute in for 5 years of learning with a teacher, homework, tests, writing, reading, class, interaction with other students and native speakers, not by a long shot.  However, it will bring you to a level where you will be able to express basic ideas, thoughts, and emotions and understand a native speaker who speaks slowly (not every word, but at least the general idea of what they're talking about).  Don't expect to be engaged in a lively political debate with a native speaker after finishing this course though.  After 5 years of study I can manage to do something like that, but I still don't feel like I know the language.  As a native Spanish speaker once told me: "You know that you really understand a language when you can understand jokes that play on words, grammar, and other nuances."  Please don't expect something like that from a software program, no matter how good it is.Having said that, I'll comment on the overall presentation of the material and how the Rosetta Stone program works.  I will admit, that memorization is absolutely not the way to learn any language.  I was blessed to have a teacher who would give homework assignments and tell us to learn the grammar and vocabulary at home.  But when we came to class, she demanded we talk, talk a lot, even if we made mistakes.  You can't learn without making mistakes.  She would say certain phrases, show certain pictures, and we'd comment, argue, and discuss, forcing ourselves to learn by experience and visualization, not by memorization. I tell you this only because other classmates had teachers who forced rote memorization of words, grammar, and tested them on paper, rather than out loud.  Of course, the students did well on the tests.  But not one of them can express a half way decent thought in Spanish after a 4 year leave from studying the language.  Hence, I was very impressed by how this program works, it reminds me of my teacher.You learn like a child.  Which is good.  Children have no concept of memorization.  They see something, hear their parent say it, and repeat it, making a lot of mistakes, but eventually getting to the right point, finally understanding what word or phrase goes with what they see in front of them.  The program builds on this concept most adults have forgotten.  It present a picture (seeing), has a native speaker say a word or phrase (like your parents did), presents several options (like a child, you'd have to work around your environment), and you pick which is correct.  Brilliant!  The program continues to build on previous words like (red), to red jacket, to the man is wearing a red jacket, etc... phrases become longer and more complex.  Emotions are brought into the picture, etc.While I completely applaud Rosetta Stone's approach to learning the language, despite the fact that even if you "were" this program you wouldn't be able to talk like a native speaker (see first paragraph), I will point out some other cons.  This program does move a little quick for a beginner; hence I recommend that you go over a given section very thoroughly before moving on.  Don't expect to know a word or phrase that you feel comfortable with 10 minutes from now, we all forget things and then you'll be frustrated in the next section when a new phrase comes up using past concepts you just learned and just forgotten.  And by reviewing thoroughly, I mean only one thing.  Let's say this program has taught you a phrase.  You know what it means, and you know how to pronounce it.  Great.  Now, go out there, and start using it.  Speak it, feel it, use it in your everyday life.  Until you make a new concept your own, you'll never remember it for the long-term.  This is precisely why, after 4 years of barely speaking Spanish, I can still express my opinions freely, thanks to my teacher forcing us to speak and live the language instead of memorizing it.  So, until you can use the phrases everyday, comfortably, don't move on (this is easier at first, but will get harder as the program progresses).  Another word of advice: practice with at least one friend.  Use the words and phrases you learned together when you go out.  That's why this program can never substitute a class.  This method will make learning much more fun, and you'll catch and correct each other's mistakes you wouldn't have otherwise because you would have been "convinced" you "got" what the program was trying to teach you.  And if you're blessed to have a friend who is a native speaker, don't be shy about trying to talk to them in Spanish.  I've noticed (being a foreigner myself), that people love it when they see you're trying to learn they're language, it's a huge compliment to them, and most are very eager to help you.In summary: this is good starter program for someone NOT looking to become a very proficient speaker with this program alone, rather, it's for someone who wants to get extra practice, see if they like the language, or get a leg up before taking a real, live, class.  Good luck!  I give this program 4 stars, because it is good at what it tries to do, but you can't have it all in one little box!
Have Spanish version 3 level 1,2&3 installed on a Vista laptop and it works well. The program uses repetition of words matched to pictures to reinforce learning. I like the feature of being able to speak into the system to test your accent. The software will let you know if your accent matches what it believes is correct. The program starts off easy but quickly becomes harder as you move through the different lessons. The key thing to remember is that learning any language takes time and a lot of work. To think that you are just going to go through the program without a lot of effort and learn a language would be incorrect.The program is very expensive but seems to work well and if you are interested in learning another language it is a valid option.
I have been very curious about Rosetta Stone language teaching program. You saw their commercials everywhere, from airline magazines to TV ads, and wonder if it really works. After several lessons, I can say that it works! Like everything else, you need to invest time and patience, but if you can't learn from Rosetta Stone, you need a human teacher or you just don't have aptitude for learning a second language. IMHO, Rosetta Stone is among the top language learning software out there. If you can't take a live class, then Rosetta Stone is for you.The software comes with both Windows and Mac, which is a pleasant surprise. It installed and run on my Mac without any issues. The package included language learning software and 3 levels of Spanish language. It even includes a high quality headset and microphone so you can learn without bothering other people. There are 3 audio companion disks to aid with learning. The whole thing took about 15 minutes to install. I installed all 3 levels. You can select different goals: read, write, speak and listen or just to read and write. I selected the whole thing: read, write, speak and listen.Now for the lesson part. Rosetta Stone uses a natural learning method, which associates spoken and written words with images so it is very different from other software. No English was spoken, you have to work at guessing the words at first, but then it becomes easier as you build up vocabulary. First, you match text to an images (reading), then you have to pronounce the words for each image (speaking). The last part for hearing, you select the correct image as the software pronounces it. The sentences get more complex as you progress through lessons. The images used in the software are very nice and high quality.At the end of each lesson, there is sort of a quiz to review what you learned. Each lesson is also short enough, about 30 minutes, so you don't have to worry about forgetting what you learned. After each lesson, there is a pronunciation part to help you speak correctly,*You* are still the key to learning a new language. Without commitment, no software or teacher in the world can help you with it. But if you really want to learn and can't get to a live class, Rosetta Stone is the best option.
There is no false adverstising with Rosetta Stone. This system works, but one caveat. It takes a lot of time. You need to listen to the lessons and do nothing else.  If you are trying to become fairly fluent for a vacation or business trip, this is the way to go. But, if you really want to learn the language, with conjugations and such then you still need a class or workbook. Also be careful, this is Latin American Spanish, not Spanish from Spain. There is a difference.
There appears to be big plus for family use. The Rossetta stome program appears to allow many users which makes it possible to make custom progress for each user. This is an essential feature. Children appear to catch on to the method much faster than adults. While there is no surprise here, it does appear that some accomodation should be made for older users.  Short of having a native speaker in the house, this program is the next best thing. There are minor flaws in the paradigm, but I think the program does what it promises, namely teach Spanish in a reasonable way and in a reasonably short time. I have not gotten far enough in the program to see if the vocabulary one develops would permit a conversation with a real person in Spain or South America, or is simply a sufficient jumping off point when you are really immersed in the Spanish speaking country.  In the US, it is easy to find out if you have made progress. Just tune into Spanish language TV and see if you can follow along, then go out and try to talk to someone who has recenly come into the country from the south. My experience is that they will laugh a bit, but then help you.Since I have experience with Rosetta Stone programs, the Spanish program installs easily.  I'm new to Spannish as are my 3 grandchildren (10,8, 6) who will be working on Spanish with me along with their mom and dad. They already speak French and English fluently, but Spanish is new. The big problem is figuring out how to share the microphone.  We'll probably go through each lesson series several times.  So far so good ---- everyone's having fun. I'll add to this review as we progress (hopefully).A big thing in using the Rosetta Stone program is in setting up the microphone to get nearly 100% voice recognition. The two key items are setting up in a totally quiet environment in a room with carpet to surpress echos, and second, not putting the microphone too close to your mouth where the sound of exhallation of air affects the microphone.One thing clearly missing is a vocabulary starter in Spanish and English. The opening pictures are confusing when you do not know any Spanish words.  We obtained a traditional textbook to help get started. I'm surprised that the program does not start with spoken language basics such as hello, how are you, I am fine, what is your name, my name is...etc. Perhaps we will get there in a later stage.The book helps. Now the learning is going much more smoothly. The basic verbs and nouns are essential to have in your head before total immersion via a program really works well.
This is the perfect learning software for me.  I learn best by doing, and you certainly are doing a lot here.  This is far better than any books or cds you could ever buy.  And in some ways, it could very well be better than a classroom.You are in full control of your learning and you do it without worrying about remembering a lesson.  You do each lesson feeling like you just forgot everything, and then realize days later, you know phrases for situations in your life, or simple items that you come across. It is highly impressive.The difference here is all visual.  You see a boy eating an ice cream cone, and you know how to communicate anything that could relate to the sex and age of a person, the act of eating,  food and the amounts or sizes etc.  The program refreshes a variation later on, which could be a woman drinking soda, and you know the difference with the appropriate and specific communication.You interact in many ways with the program, including speech recognition.  It will even pause until you say the phrase correctly.  All of a sudden, you are presented photos, no words, and if it's a girl walking a dog... you are speaking spanish telling the program what you are looking at.This is great for any age, and I highly recommend it for children.  It should be in all schools as well.  I have no attention span to speak of, but this kept me going, wanting to learn more.  I still have more to go, but I hope to afford the Italian version as soon as I can... which leads to the only negative aspect... the price.For the most part, it's worth the price, but, not fair for most.  If this is way out of your reach, please try your local library.  Otherwise, it is worth the investment.Product cosmetics need to be revamped.  The box could be library ready without stickers and tape ripping the outer carton.  And the inside is poorly constructed to hold the disc due to the slot for the headphones that will never go in the box again.  For the amount of money, the storage box should be more functional.I have tried several recorded language programs before.  This is by far the best.
This is, without question, my longest term review.  I have been using this software on and off for about two months.  I really wanted to hold my review until I had finished the software.  I wanted to be able to tell potential buyers how far this package, alone, had gotten me toward becoming an actual speaker of Spanish.However, it has become clear to me i will never finish reviewing this software.  i don't have a truly compelling reason to learn spanish and without that i find that my motivation has simply failed 2/3rds of the way into set 1 of 3.  I suppose one could wonder if my boredom with the software is a sign of a weakness in its design.  it is a question I've asked myself many times. Yes, the lessons are repetitive but they probably NEED to be.So far the key strength of the program has been to teach me new spanish words.  The program itself never translates anything into English so you wind up "thinking" in Spanish.  This is what they mean by immersion.  However, as i have gone through chapter after chapter i have found my ability to form sentences not improving at all.  This has caused me to become discouraged.  I really think that the people at Rosetta Stone should include some early confidence builders that drill making the user get whole sentences correct as much as they drill individual words and parts of words.  I know that is jumping ahead but it would have helped to hold my interest.If I do get back to it I will, of course, revise my review.  I subtracted a star because the voice recognition portion of the program is not very good.  Even when I bumped up the level on the voice recognition it still accepted as correct words I had intentionally pronounced incorrectly.  It is, however, clear to me that this is a rigorous and serious software package that truly attempts to TEACH you to read AND write Spanish.
I'm using the Rosetta Stone Spanish version to help my poor Spanish speaking skills. I'm an American-born Hispanic, grew up in a bilingual household and bilingual schools early in my life, but speaking Spanish for me has always been a stumbling block I struggled with. As a young kid, when I tried to speak Spanish, I got laughed at by other kids...so I stopped doing it.Rosetta Stone Spanish is helping me get past my fears by practicing and speaking Spanish in the privacy of my home. I can speak, review, re-review, and have fun without the pressures of "perfect performance" or getting laughed at. (But I'll laugh at myself.) While a lot of it is very familiar with me, especially in the early stages of the lessons which flew by quickly, it's nice to ease in and work my way upwards.A part of me is disappointed that I didn't pick a different language like French or Japanese, even though I really need to practice my Spanish. Seeing how Rosetta Stone up their simple yet creative lesson plans, I really wished I was learning a new language from scratch. Really!The Rosetta Stone kit includes the lesson plan software, audio CD for practice, and a set of USB headphones with a built-in boom mic. The headphone are nicely built and wear comfortably. (But, like most headphones, your ears do get tired and sweaty after prolonged use.) There's also a set of decals to use on your keyboard, if you wish. The decals are helpful but not required to use on your keyboard. Most often, the program will show a virtual keyboard on the screen to help you find the keys you need.It supports multiple users, so my whole family can take of this program and tailor the lessons to our specific needs. The lessons plans slowly increase in difficulty making it easier to keep pace, especially in a total immersion environment.  This is great for me because since I started doing Rosetta's program, my kindergartner now wants to learn Spanish too. I was able to setup a lesson plan for my young son and set his levels to "Easy" to accommodate his young speaking voice and learning skills. So far, so good. And he has fun doing it.The program appears to be quite lengthy, so if you're thinking you can learn a whole new language in a week, think again. Each lesson session can take anywhere between 10 to 30 minutes to complete. There are plenty lessons for each level you accomplish, then you keep going up from there.  Rosetta Stone is not a crash course in language learning; it more like a computerized school course with several grade levels you do at home.Rosetta Stone has been far more practical to use on a laptop where I can move it to a quiet private place in my home to practice. Having a quiet place is crucial. The voice recognition program easily picks up background voices (TV, radio, family, etc.) easily and frustrates your efforts. It's happened to me on several occasions. And since lessons include speaking out loud back to the computer from time to time, you may not want to be close to anyone preoccupied with TV/phone/etc. or do this in a public place where they will look at you funny. (Anyone who plays with Brain Age or similar on Nintendo's DS Lite can relate.)I have not finished the complete program yet, but have valued what Rosetta's program has offered so far for me and my family. I'm getting more confident with my Spanish speaking abilities which is priceless for me. My son is learning a new language at his pace. My husband is gleaning off of my abilities to help him in bilingual situations. It's been a win-win situation so far.If it weren't so pricey, I'd gladly buy more languages to have fun with. But if a situation ever arises that requires that I learn a new language, I will seriously look Rosetta's programs to fill that need.
We've been thinking about it for a long time but the cost kept stopping us. It's expensive, but seems very good, albeit we haven't had it long. Maybe I will add to the review once we've had it longer, but other reviewers here have done a good job of describing it.Why does it take weeks to ship though?
I live in an area where Rosetta Stone heavily markets their products to the aging and retiring baby-boomers that have all been told by their General Physicians to start studying a new language to help stave of the onset of Alzheimer's. Being 36 years old myself, I have yet to worry about that just yet.At nearly four hundred dollars though, the entry price on this is a bit of a downer. When you look at things in terms of price points, that kind of money, in this economy -- doesn't bode well. I'm reminded of a quote by Matt Damon in the film Good Will Hunting:"You dropped a hundred and fifty grand on an education you coulda' picked up for a dollar fifty in late charges at the Public Library."Yes, your local public library probably has a multitude of learning materials for learning Spanish. A language that is still difficult, but definitely not as difficult as Chinese. If you live in the United States, you would also be hard pressed not to be able to find, or even know, and be friends with some folks who either speak Spanish fluently or do so as native speakers. The Spanish language is so ubiquitous in the US now, a person could almost learn the language just from riding the city bus.So, the point I'm making here is a simple one. Do you need to drop $400 to learn Spanish? The answer is simple. No. I think of Rosetta Stone like a gym membership. They're expensive and often tedious to pay, but worth it only if you use it.The product itself is quite good though, if you already have moved past any concerns of money. The system Rosetta Stone employs is state of the art, as they say, and they do their best to immerse you into the language immediately. It really is unlike any other Spanish Language program that's out there for the purchase. So there really is no comparison.Having been a previous customer with the Rosetta Stone Japanese 1,2,3 ... I was pleased to sharpen my skills in Spanish. Both of them are a fantastic product to say the least.I give it four stars. One minus for the price.
I have now had the Spanish program for a few months now and I must say that my Spanish has improved.  The lessons are put together well and they seemed to walk me through nicely. I did not feel the pressure of trying to learn Spanish as if I was in a classroom.  Being able to set my own pace was nice.  To be fair, I had taken 4 years of Spanish 20+ years ago in high school.  So much of that knowledge came back to me as I was going through these lesson.I would definitely reccomend this program to anyone who wants to put the time in to learn Spanish well.  This is not a quick solution, but if you are patient and stick with the program it will pay off immensely.
UPDATE: The subscription suddenly expired about a year and a half prematurely, and technical support has proven to be unhelpful. I withdraw any recommendation for this product on that basis. I will have to uninstall and purchase and install a new antivirus software.________Old review: I have run only Norton antivirus products for the past 14 years, so I was hesitant but excited to compare Bitdefender when given the opportunity. My grandparents' computer was the perfect test subject. Comparisons are with Norton Internet Security 2008 which was previously loaded on the computer:Bit defender installed easily without any problems, unlike many other reviewers' experiences. Make sure you have completely uninstalled all other antivirus software packages before installing bitdefender in order to avoid problems.The program make little or no noticeable impact that I can discern on the speed of the computer while running in the background. However, I did not really have any issues with speed running Norton either. The complete scan seems to take longer than Norton to run.Bitdefender seems to be a little easier for to customize, which is saying a lot since I am obviously familiar with Symantec configurations and was able to customize bitdefender's options with ease; very intuitive. If you have no desire or ability to autoconfigure; the default settings are load without asking a lot of confusion questions and seem to be appropriate for the average user.The ultimate test for an Antivirus/firewall package is whether or not it protects against viruses and doesn't misidentify things that aren't viruses. I have never had a virus on any computer that I have had running an up-to-date Symantec product. It's hard to judge Bitdefender on this criteria by simply installing it. However, as I look at independent laboratory's assessments of the product, it fails to get 100% marks that characterize most of the other major Internet Security/Antivirus packages, whereas Symantec products regularly get 100% of viruses facing it. Generally, Bitdefender failed by misidentifying things as viruses which were not in the tests that I read.Based on the laboratory tests and my past success with Symantec, I will be keeping Norton on my personal computers but will probably recommend Bitdefender as a low-cost alternative for family members who are at low virus risk.
Installation was simple. During the setup you can configure settings for home network, firewall, and parental control. Choices are clear and you can change your selections later if you decide. You also get the opportunity to decide between simple and advanced interfaces. The advanced interface offers more configuration options which will likely be needed later if you plan to utilize the full features.  Updating took a little while when I installed from disk. It also required several reboots.  You can save initial setup time by downloading the latest version from Bitdefender's web site and using the key provided with purchased copy. The program offered the option to scan for viruses after install.  Scanning was pretty quick.  Deep scan took 1/2 hour,quick scan took 7 1/2 minutes. Detailed log files are created of the results. System impact seems minimal with real-time scanning enabled.  There is also a laptop/gaming mode that will further reduce background processes and resource consumption when gaming or on a laptop. The firewall seemed a little paranoid initially as I received pop-up firewall warnings the first time I started my web browser and any web dependent programs.  I had to grant access for a component of IE and Maplestory, however Unreal Tournament and iTunes were automatically configured.  Casual users might be intimidated by some of the initial warnings, especially if they have to choose whether or not to grant access.  However, a glance at the warning box can usually determine if the program is legitimate or not. I also received pop-up warnings when attempting to install a program from CD-ROM.  There is no easy way to temporarily disable real-time protection for software installations or other tasks that the AV might interfere with.  There's no right-click option to pause or disable from the taskbar icon.  Even after opening the program and manually disabling all protection options, the program still appeared to be running in the background.  Parental controls were not very reliable initially.  Despite selecting the Teenager setting during setup, I was still able to access inappropriate sites.  After fiddling with the settings, I discovered I had to set it to Heuristic mode to automatically block inappropriate sites. Once I did this, inappropriate sites were blocked, however, I was also unable to reach some safe sites that had advertising.  I added a site to the white list, however it continued to block links within the site.  I eventually disabled the Heuristic mode out of frustration.  I felt it was too much of an all or nothing approach.  The phishing filter seems on par with most of the others out there.Overall, although I feel the predefined rules for the firewall and parental controls could be better, the program is otherwise solid and offers extensive options to fine-tune protection.  They may want to tweak the parental control in future updates as I honestly doubt a user would be patient enough to manually add sites and the links within to the white list on a frequent basis.
Not bad at all. I'd stress tested this for 7 weeks now. Two things got by it, Root.v6 and SELOP.W32 which arent even in the wild. Upon updating, it found BOTH of them, but had trouble with quarantine. I was able to manually delete from Windows backup and the sys32 folder without hassle.Updates were smooth and not like the other "popular" types that are just bloatware with infrequent updates.I'm NOD32-biased, but I was impressed.
THIS IS AN UPDATE TO MY ORIGINAL REVIEW OF THIS SOFTWARE! I now give it 1 STAR.I just uninstalled this software because I traced two serious issues to it. 1) This Internet Security software caused ALL print jobs to a network printer to delay until I rebooted the computer; I could never fix this issue. 2) This software prevented a Point-of-Sale application from starting up 90% of the time.All of these issues were on an HP laptop running Windows Vista SP1 32 bit.I do not recommend this software at all.
Let me preface my review by saying that I am an experienced PC user and a computer programmer.  So I may have experience and knowledge that the average user does not.  I do not normally use virus, spyware, malware, encryption software because of a few reasons:1) I have a secondary hard drive, not the C: drive, where I store all my important and personal files and data.2) I am careful how I use the internet.3) I do not accept email attachments, download suspect software, or visit many web sites outside of a few "main" ones like Yahoo, Google, Facebook, Amazon, etc.4) I have a home router where my IP address is hidden behind its NAT firewall.5) If I suspect my computer is infected or is just running slower than normal, I can easily reformat the C: drive and reinstall Windows in an evening, since most of my personal files are on another hard drive.OK, that said, here is what I think of Bitdefender Total Security 2009.  For the average PC user who doesn't want to bother with multiple anti-virus/spyware/phishing/spam programs, and/or has children who use the PC, I think this program could help you.  It's got several protections combined into one "Control Panel" that seems easy to use, and gives you peace of mind to see it say "Your PC is Protected."  If you are curious or more savvy, you can turn on the "Advanced Controls" and adjust some more detailed settings.Another thing I liked is that with this version, you can protect up to 3 PCs with the same copy.  A nice feature is that you can control the settings on all of the PCs in the network from just one of them.  I have 3 PCs on my home network, and one of them is the "family" PC, where I took some time to configure the Parental Controls to limit the hours that the kids can use the internet, as well as have some protection from online porn, violence, or whatever else our lovely world offers to kids.  So this software is still installed on the other 2 PCs.  Why did I uninstall it from mine?For the reasons cited above, I don't think I need this kind of protection.  This program does slow down the computer somewhat, especially as it scans files that you download or open.  It can also scan and encrypt IM traffic to make sure you (or your kids) are not giving out personal information that you shouldn't.  But this comes at the cost of slowing down that traffic slightly.  I believe I am protected enough with Windows Firewall and my own care in using the internet (after all, how else can your PC get infected other than through the internet these days?).  My data is on another hard drive (and is backed up to DVD-RW) and I reformat my C: drive at least once a year, or when needed, so I'm not really worried about viruses.  But that's just me.So #1 is just practicing safe computing - don't open email attachments unless you know what it is, don't download files unless it's from a reputable source, be aware of phishing schemes (recheck the Address/URL you are at before you type any personal information), use a firewall, backup your personal files to another hard drive or offline.  Barring that, or if you have kids you are training to be good online users, this Bitdefender software is a good compilation of several areas of protection for you.  In addition, it offers a tune-up (registry cleaner) feature and online backup, all for up to 3 PCs and for 2 years.  It's a good deal!
I'll start off by stating the installation of Bitdefender:  the process went semi-smoothly for installation on my high-performance home server that is on 24 hours and runs largely headless (without a monitor).  The system is an AMD X2-6000 dual-core with 2GB of RAM running under XP Media Center.  The major problem during installation was that the program's firewall was rammed down my throat with no toggle to deactivate it during the install period.  The result was that I was locked out of my own server's network when the install was complete.  I had to manually click on the options by going to my server's mouse and monitor.  Major blunder on part of the software company's installation for this program.A bunch of typical malware options were made available to me; most were kept on by default.  I choose deactivate quite a few since many of them (i.e. email protection) was not needed as I do not do these activities over the system.  I simply wanted some antivirus protection against trojans that can attach themselves to the system unknowingly.  The menus were relatively straightforward to figure out how to select things without having to refer to another source.  This is as a brief summary appears below the screen when you point your mouse to a selection box.  Nice.  I particularly enjoyed the option of disabling the splashscreens and any update/news notices.  This is important because when my system reboots automatically those kinds of splash screens can screw up my boot process which has a complex set of scripts that are timing-dependent.CPU usage is a major consideration with any antivirus program so that was a concern to me.  Although my server doesn't max out its cpu use, I have done a lot to minimize electricity consumption of the system.  Wasted cpu cycles increase power requirements so I do not want wasteful software running all the time.  This is particularly an issue as my system processes several dozen files in batches every minute of the day for its tasks.  With active virus scanning enabled, these files are analyzed for viral activity.  When no file activity is conducted, it seems that the antivirus system consumes an average of only 1-2% cpu power.  With active scanning going on during the batch processes that occur, cpu usage climbs up to 6-13% for a few seconds.  This isn't too bad really, and acceptable (so far) to me.As for updating the definition files, they were pretty quick to download, no complaints there.  The registry key is good for 3 computers for 2 years.  Although some may be dismayed at the 2-year figure, I am quite impressed that the company is honest about this.  Some other company's don't mention it at all and you may think it's an infinite lifetime license, but in reality it doesn't work that way as they will obsolete your license when a major version changes in the software.  Bitdefender deserves credit for their honesty.Overall, it looks like I'll be keeping this antivirus program on.  I will knock off one point due to the install issues highlighted earlier.  They really need to let the user select the ability to disable the firewall during the install as many will install the software remotely.
PC: Inspiron E105 Dual Core, Windows XP, 120 GB, 1 GB RAMPros:- Very easy to install - Just click setup and forget about the rest of the issues which normally makes using an anti-virus a pain- Space required by program is 160MB approx., very normal for such a utility.- Once installed, it runs in the  background without affecting the speed of the computer.- Bit Defender recognizes the commonly used programs and applications and allows them to execute, without asking for permission every time. So, those pop-ups do not irritate.- Does a thorough scan automatically on the day and time set by the user.- Upgrades automatically, when connected to internet.- Has a provision to encrypt your personal information like email id's, credit card numbers, etc. while sending this data online.- Identifies the phishing attempts.- Messenger encryption is enabled, which helps to prevent spam through messengers (IMs).Cons:- It won't let Cisco VPN to connect. This is because the IP address for the LAN changes every time when you connect. So, Bitdefender can't store just one IP to let VPN connect to internet.You have to disable it's firewall to connect through VPN.One great feature is that you can specify the amount of time forwhich the firewall should remain disabled. Program will enable thefirewall automatically, reducing the risk of a potential threat, incase you forget to enable it yourself.More:- Takes about 4 hrs to scan about 70 GB of data.- Consumes only about 17 MB of memory space while running in background. It does effect the system performance unless you are a heavy user with lots of other processes running in background.- Reasonable priced for 3 users for 2 yrs.- Gives you an option of online backup of 2 GB. Can be great if you intend to store your data online. However, it is not recommended to store personal information on such sites, no matter how secure they are.
Just as the name implies, this is a totoal package. I have used it on my desk top and so fat it is doing what it is supposed to do. Protect my computer and keep it fast.The downloading of the software and running it was a breeze.If I run into any problems then I will update this review.recommended.
I have mixed feeling about this software. I would rate it 3.5 stars but since I do not have that option, I figured there were more positives then negatives so I gave it 4 stars.Here's my dilemma, I have McAfee 2009 on my main PC.  I love the smooth operation of that software but I detest the customer service.  This program has great customer support - no hassles, just helpful advice.  Just try to get a live person with other software, I dare you!  I had a slight problem with set-up and their tech support could not be more helpful.  This service is something that I highly value.  They also feature some pretty cool features like parental control (a favorite!) and easy to do tune-ups.The only problem I have with Bitdefender is that certain functions freeze on occasion.  Although I do not feel comfortable enough to tinker with the set-up alone, the handy-dandy tech support has been useful.There certainly are a lot of features in any of the three levels of programs offered by Bitdefender.  Antivirus, Interest Security and Total Security all offer the usual safeguards but also include EM encryption, gamer and laptop mode protection.  The Total Security package offers great extras over the other two programs: a tune-up (love this function!) and back-up scheduling.  I'm thinking maybe they tried to rush too many feature into one package out the door before the holidays.  .If tech support is something that you can live without, then maybe McAfee is a better way to go.  But I recommend their 2009 version since I had some problems with the 2008 one.
I've been using security suites since the early days of the internet and viruses and seen good ones come and go. It often seems that a product will work great, then the next year's update comes out and it's now slow and bloated. Norton I won't let near my computers any more and McAfee soon followed. A couple years ago I was happily using TrendMicro but the latest version just would not behave on my new computer properly. I had finally given up and was just using AVG Free for virus scanning but wasn't totally happy with that either. So dubious but willing to try something else, I decided to give BitDefender a look.The install wasn't without issues. I got error messages about the programs not being certified for Windows XP and a trip to their website provided no information at all on why I was getting this. Certainly XP has been out long enough that a program in 2009 should not be causing these to come up! Regardless, my first impression is their support area is pretty bare bones, compared to most competitors, and is not likely to give you much help if you run into glitches. The help in the application itself also could use some work, it's not context sensitive so you often have to search for the right entry to match the page you need help with.I went ahead with my install and proceeded to set up. There's a lot of stuff in the Total Security suite. I won't cover all of it, particularly items that other reviews have already touched on. I found the interface boring, but reasonably easy to use. One thing I liked is that I could turn off modules I did not want to use, without having to constantly be prompted that it is off. For instance, I use an internet spam filtering service, so don't need BitDefender to do this. I had tons of trouble in other applications disabling this type of feature, here it was very easy and has not bothered me since. Likewise turning off virus scanning of emails, also easily accomplished in the Advanced settings.The firewall comes preconfigured with a lot of applications which is very helpful. In many cases, the first time I fired up an application it would automatically create a new rule (such as my first use of Remote Desktop) and in other cases it prompted me whether to allow it or not before adding the rule. A vast improvement over other firewalls I've used that have very little preconfigured and required me to add a lot of rules manually.My first antivirus scan was not without a hiccup. It deleted a file I am pretty such was not infected, it was purchased software that I've used many times in the past, and in all these years has never shown as infected before. I did have a newer version of the software so it's not a major loss (and could retrieve from a backup regardless), but I wondered why the file showed as deleted and not in the quarantined files, as I have the scanner configured for. I've very concerned about additional files I need being deleted so will have to monitor this and see if it happens again. I have not however seen any issues with duplicate files being removed as someone else mentioned as a possibility. I have huge numbers of duplicate files for the websites I develop and haven't seen a problem...nor did I even find a setting regarding this.I have been very impressed with the resource usage of the software. This has been my biggest gripe with such software in the past (Norton being a notorious memory hog in particular) so I was pleasantly surprised with how low a profile this software kept, even when running updates or scans. I do a lot of resource-intensive work during the day and simply can't have a virus scanner/security suite bogging my system down and so far, that has not been an issue.Still getting to know the other features, I did try the online backup and found that pretty underwhelming. First, it only allows 2 gig which is pretty minimal. If you want more, they charge $50/year for 5 gig, and so on up. That's very pricey, considering I currently use a service that charges that much for *unlimited* storage. I also found the backup interface a bit more bug-ridden than other areas, routinely locking up and freezing on me. I paused it at one point during backup and simply could not get it going again until rebooting. This makes me a bit reluctant to use the local backup features, as I'm not sure I can rely on them to work properly were I to need to do a restore.There are some other minor gripes. I would prefer the updates to run at night, but didn't have any settings that allow me to schedule a time to run them (only an interval) for instance...as I said, a minor gripe. I'll get to know the program a bit more if I continue to use it and hopefully play with some of the other features as I need them like game mode and network settings.UPDATE: As of now, I've removed this product and am no longer using it. It caused havoc with my home network and I finally gave up and removed it. Immediately got the network running fine again. So while I still like it as a security suite for a stand-alone computer, if you run a home network (I'm specifically on XP Professional) be warned that it may cause major problems.
I have used several security suites in the past and this was my first opportunity to look at BitDefender Total Security 2009 (just BitDefender from here forward). I was a little leery of this suite because of some of the negative press I have seen it receive, but overall I have had a good experience with it. I have stumbled on a couple of minor issues, which is to be expected, but overall I am pleased with it.Right off the bat - written documentation! I was surprised when I opened the box and found an installation guide. None of the other suites I have examined (Trend, Panda and McAfee) have had anything close to the documentation I found in BitDefender's box. This is a good sign right out of the starting gate.I installed BitDefender on my Sony Vaio laptop, which has an Intel T8100 2.1GHz Dual Core processor, 3 GB RAM, plenty of hard drive space, and runs Windows Vista Home Premium.The installation was smooth and relatively painless, and after the requisite boot my system was up and running. The first boot after installation took a longer-than-usual amount of time to complete, but after that the system seems to behave as normal. BitDefender takes a little time to load itself up and activate after a reboot, though it is not an unacceptable length of time.After booting up I went straight into BitDefender's interface and started playing. I will not beat around the bush - I don't like the interface at all, particularly the Basic View. This is a matter of personal preference only and should not be read as "interface stinks" because it doesn't. My problem with it is that it seems very spartan and featureless, with nothing to grab the attention to any particular feature unless there is an issue. The advanced view is very busy and can be overwhelming, but at least everything has a logical place.One of the important features of any security suite is the antivirus. The first thing I did with this suite was to launch into a deep system scan, and I left for a while to let it run unattended. When I returned, it had finished and it had quarantined a file that the other suites had missed as a keylogger virus. The program was indeed a keylogger, but there is no virus in it - it was something I compiled from source code and was playing with a while back and had completely forgotten. As a test I compiled it again and BitDefender again quarantined the resulting executable, but with a different virus identification (thought related). I am impressed that it recognized a keylogger and took steps to deal with it, but I am slightly puzzled why it thought it was a virus as opposed to just a keylogger.Scans are slow. They are also light on resources and allow me to work while the scans run in the background. I will take workability over speed every time, so the antivirus is a good one in my eyes. That said, I read that subsequent scans are faster due to a checksumming type of deal, and this seems to be true to some extent.I decided to test the firewall and I went out to a site that does a reasonable job of trying to expose issues with the firewall. BitDefender's firewall passed every test I threw at it and, unlike some of the other suites, it complained during a port scan test. I also alerted every time I fired up a program that wanted net access, which I like - I like having control, or at least having knowledge of what's happening. Overall, I like the firewall.One of the things I look for in a security suite is parental controls, and BitDefender's parental controls almost work. I loaded up a profile and selected a set of filters, then hit the web. While some of the sites I visited were blocked (I was using FireFox, BTW), others that should have been were not (these were not unknown sites, so there is no excuse for them not being blocked).There are a lot of utilities built in to BitDefender and I experimented with a few of them, though not all. One of the ones I tried was the disk optimizer. Though it seemed to work I got no visual feedback during analysis, and I think I would have preferred a little more information. I had a similar experience with the cleanup utility, which gave basic feedback when I hoped for verbose.One feature that has not worked to my satisfaction is the antispam component. It definitely works, labeling emails as spam when it evaluates mail as such. However, it does make mistakes on occasion and because I do not use a `supported' email client I could not reclassify an email as spam or not spam. The documentation is clear; regardless, I have seen this implemented better in other suites that made email client choice irrelevant. There is a Bayesian statistical filter in BitDefender's list of available antispam options, so I have no way to retrain bad learned behavior.There are a whole lot of other features I have not yet tried, including IM encryption, anti-phising, and anti-spyware.Running through the task list shows that BitDefender is conservative with resources. With a full scan running in the foreground, CPU usage was consistently under 5% (!!!) and memory usage was appreciably low. The advertising claims that BitDefender stays out of the way - it's on target!Finally, where most vendors give a year of update services to their clients, BitDefender comes with 2 years of service and technical support. That's very difficult to ignore. On top of that, it comes with a 30-day free trial.Most of my issues with BitDefender can be classified as personal taste, which should be considered when looking for a good security suite. BitDefender has a very good suite that works reasonably well, and in spite of the minor nitpicks I have I can recommend it as a good security solution. Between stable and feature-packed components, generous update options and low memory/CPU footprint, this is a very viable solution that should be considered.
When I first got a computer years ago, I didn't know anything about Internet security.  That's when I promptly got a Trojan Virus that allowed a user to empty my bank account; many thanks to Bank of America for reacting so quickly and recouping every dime.  That was my first lesson on the importance of an Internet security program.Over the years I've run through quite a few programs: Norton Internet Security, McAfee, Kaspersky, and now Bitdefender.  Of all of the programs I like Bitdefender the best, for the simple fact that it runs seamlessly in the background.  Kaspersky had been my favorite, but it has lots of pop-up dialogs, kept locking me out of safe Internet sites, and slowed up my computer's performance, a problem my husband had as well and the reason he switched to Bitdefender before I did.My only complaint has been that right after installation my outgoing e-mail wouldn't work.  I had to get my tech savy husband to work on it, and it took him a little bit to get it working again.  Not sure why that happened, but I haven't had any problems since.  I rate it 4 out of 5 because it's not the most fantastical program ever, but it's better than all the others I've tried!
I needed a security program and wanted something simple and easy to understand and this was both.  I am not a computer geek and I've had limited experience and exposure to other programs.  The only one I've tried before was Norton and I didn't like it, it really dragged my computer down. Make sure you remove any exisiting antivirus/security programs you have on your computer before installing this one.  I really like the vault and the registry cleaner features. One lets you store files in a protected folder and encrypt them and password protect.  The other cleans things up so your computer isn't bogged down.  I thought overall it was pretty basic and easy for the routine user to use. And they had good customer service, which is very important to me, especially when it comes to technical things that often go above my head.
I installed BitDefender Total Security 2009 on computers with Windows Vista 64 bit and Windows XP SP3 without any problems and it updated automatically.Once it is installed, when you first start BitDefender there is a program wizard which will guide you to set up preferences for each feature.  This software package includes Antivirus, Antispyware, Anti-phishing, IM Encryption, Antispam, Firewall, Parental Control, Tune-up and Auto-Online Backup.You can then go to the main screen which you can set to 'basic view' or 'advanced view'.  BitDefender is neat in style and easy to navigate whichever you choose.  I have mostly used the basic menu but the difference is that the advanced menu has more detailed features and shows active graphs of file and network activity.The main tabs on the basic menu are Dashboard, Security, Tune-Up, File Manager and Network.  This covers everything you need and you can switch between each one and do things separately or just select 'full system scan' or 'deep scan' on the dashboard screen and the program will find any problems.Once it does this then it will tell you what issues there are and ask if you want to fix them or not.  I found it did a great job; I had viruses on my computer even though I had already run Windows Defender.  Some of the viruses were trojan ones and deeply encrypted into files so by finding them I know for a fact this program works well in that area.  I also had tune-up issues such as the registry problems which it fixed.The only problem I had with this software is when it updated - for some reason it lost all my settings.  I haven't had any problems since even though it has made further updates but it is worth noting. I would also be careful that you read up about some of the features before you use some of them - for instance the one which finds duplicate files may cause more issues than it solves, if not used correctly.Final Conclusion - The basic idea of this software is to have your security and tune-up tools in one manageable package.  The concept is a great idea, it works well and it is ideal if you want to keep your PC safe and also in great health.  Also not forgetting that the 2 year/ 3 PC protection makes this software a good deal!
Right now, there are a pleethora of options for internet security on the market. Of course there are the big hitters, Microsoft, McAfee and Norton's to name a few. With so many options out there, the normal end user can be left feeling a little shell-shocked and usure of just what to get.If you are anything like me the first thing you do is turn the box over and look for 'the grid'. The grid tells you what is covered by that particular set-up and what is not. Usually this is just a sly way of trying to get you to buy the more expensive version that covers everything. The problem with that is, end users like myself don't always need the 'everything' option. Sometimes the simple version is better. The less options I have the less likely I am to screw something up, right?I will spare you all the tech talk, because a) others have done it a lot better than I ever could, and b) I would probably screw it up anyway.I have been a Norton's user for years. I had fallen into a rut of purchasingt he latest addition and just accepting the drawbacks because I didn't want to deal with the hassle switching things over. Well, this issue of Norton's has made that a lot harder. It's simplistic, intuitive, and makes sense, but more importantly it doesn't require a lot from me. So, that really means less for me to screw up.Two things I am disapointed about.1 - no instruction manual. Give me something, anything to read and reference when I get these pop-up messages. I want to make informed decisions. I am not always able to do that.2 - I loathe when a company makes you pay to talk to tech suppor. The minimum call is $9.99. So, at a minimum if you call you are dropping ten bucks. Not cool. If I am a customer, they should be looking to help me get the most out of the product, not the most out of my wallet.If you are looking for a new internet security program, or are looking to upgrade take a look at this one. Don't settle for the first thing you see. Do some research and find the product that meets what you want. There are too many options out there right now to settle for what the product offers. Make it work for you.
So far I have used 3 McAfee Security Products.Mcafee Virus Scan Plus with Site Advisor,McAfee Internet Security Suite 2008 - 3 User [OLD VERSION], and this product McAfee Internet Security 2009. I have had a chance to install them in various machines in my network running Windows XP and Windows 2000. So far I do not have a Vista machine.I did not have any problems in any of the machines that I installed them in. There is one exception. Since these came as a 3 user license, I also installed it on my brother's older laptop running Windows XP Home version, and it also ran great. We loaded it because he had a nagging virus/Trojan problem, complete with popup windows etc. He was using AVG Free Version 7.5, and although it recognized 2 viruses, it was not able to delete or quarantine them. (That's unusual for AVG) After many attempts we loaded McAfee without a hitch. Then we ran the scan, and it found 34 Trojans, and healed them all. The only problem is that after doing that it wouldn't boot properly. We had to use Safe Mode and remove the McAfee application to get it to boot. The viruses and annoying pop ups were gone. Since it worked properly when we installed, I feel reasonably certain if we reinstalled it, it would work properly. My Windows 2000 machine with an AMD K6-2 500 ran fine with it, with only 512meg of ram.The big issue with me is boot time. I was running AVG Free 7.5 before getting McAfee, and I also had Zone Alarm Premium Security Suite, which I would not advise anyone to get. So onto boot times. AVG 7.5 took several minutes to load before I could bring up a web page whereas it did a complete update and install before enabling you to use the machine. It seemed like 5 minutes. So when McAfee booted to a web page by clicking on the "Google" desktop icon was a relief in only 2 minutes and 13 seconds.I want to tell you that AVG 8.0 has solved the boot problem, even allowing you to bring up a web page before the program loaded, as indicated by the icon on the task bar. Improved graphics and a complete suite like that for free is commendable.Myself I am sold on McAfee. It nailed the 34 viruses that AVG did not fix. (Although it gave its life to do it :-) It runs seamlessly in the background. You never even know it is running or updating. Finally a little window comes up and says your McAfee Security has been updated; otherwise you would not know it was running.I was glad to see a reviewer that had good luck with it using Vista, but then again another one said it was not Vista compatible yet. I will be curious to see what others have found with their Vista use of McAfee.I chose to comment on things others have not been mentioning. The features and comparisons have already been well covered. Boot time and compatibility I felt were relevant and deserved a review. Hope this helps.
With all the competing products out there, including the free version of AVG, it's tough to justify shelling out this kind of money for anti-virus software. Realizing that, McAfee has loaded this with extra features. My guess is most people will only use a small number of features beyond those that run automatically, but if you have use for the parental controls, data backup, shredder, or other extras, it might be worth getting this all in one package rather than installing several apps from different companies. All in all it's good software, even if the price seems a bit high.
I've been running McAfee's anti-virus and anti-spyware software for quite a while now and am satisfied with the product. It does the job it's billed to do without causing any of the slowdown problems that can be a problem when using software of this type.I elected not to use the other features of this software package -- which include a firewall and anti-spam protection, among other things -- so I can't comment on them.The software operates efficiently and effectively. It does consume resources, but if you have the latest generation of PC, that shouldn't prove to be a problem.McAfee's security suite does not seem to me to be substantially different from the similar products offered by Norton and other companies. But this remains a good choice.
If you want to control every 1 and 0 that your computer has to deal with, this program is not it.  It's not the most powerful nor the most comprehensive or trustworhty applicaiton, for that you would want Kasperksy AV/Anti-Hacker, which will let you control every little detail, with power, precision, and reliability (the only catch is it will use up a lot of memory).However, I must say, that for the average, every day Joe and Jane, this isn't a bad program.  If you want to have a simple, easy to use interface, and as long as you don't prowel around "iffy" web sites, don't download too many untrusted files/sources, and don't open emails from Nigeria, this will do enough to protect you from standard web threats.Also, Mcafee's AV is probably (comapred to Kasperksy, Norton, Trend-micro) one that uses the least system resources, and hence your computer works well while it is active.
It couldn't have come at a better time. My old PC-cillin A/V was an older version and I didn't know for sure if it was even downloading the A/V updates or if it could handle the anti-spyware functions of the newer anti-X suites (by X, I mean the generic, anti-virus, anti-malware, anti-whatever).When McAfee finally arrived, installing from the single disk was simple and easy. Setup was also simple and easy with clearly defined steps along the way. After an installation process that included the necessary step of updating the anti-virus and general anti-malware signatures, I had to sign up for a McAfee account that will ensure I continue getting updates to the software for one year on three (3) different computers.That's a really nice feature, by the way: you can install this software on three different computers using the same software and the same account.There are several components to this suite, some of which are really good and some which are quite non-essential and perhaps even useless. The VirusScan is of course necessary as is the Personal Firewall. I'm not so sure about McAfee's SiteAdvisor which gives the web browsing user a validation of particular sites visited--green if it's a safe site, red if it isn't, or at least has been reported as unsafe. SiteAdvisor gets installed on all the browsers installed; for me, it was installed as an add-on to both Firefox and Internet Explorer. I promptly uninstalled these two after a few days as I felt it didn't benefit me one way or the other in exchange for its system resources.I don't use the Parental Controls nor do I the Easy Network which is supposed to help you connect up computers within a local network to automate secure file and printer sharing. I already have a pretty good network set up using the native Windows tools. Perhaps one day, I'll play around with it, but I don't see the need for learning to use Easy Network right now.I guess a Backup and Restore tool is or should be a required part of a *security* suite, but again, I have better pieces of software to do that for me so this is yet another part of McAfee's suite that I don't use. From a cursory examination of the tool, it looks easy enough to use.Now, the anti-logic of anti-virus software is that if it's working well, you don't know if it's working well. Unless you subject your system to a test by actually injecting a virus into it, of course! The first manual scan of my system (thankfully) produced no issues and since then, as it frequently updates itself and runs the automatically scheduled scans, it hasn't found anything untoward. Mostly, I believe that as long as you stay away from the obviously-bad sites and don't download suspicious software, you will continue to stay relatively free of malware.What I'm really afraid of are the rootkits that seem to be everywhere these days. McAfee's boast is that it will find and kill these. I guess I have no choice other than to take them at their word. The Personal Firewall seems to be doing its job really well--from time to time, it pops up with a notification that a particular program is requesting access to the Internet and gives me the option to allow or disallow that access. Excellent. This is exactly what a firewall should do, and for a personal or home use firewall, a good feature is not to overwhelm the non-technical user with useless information. McAfee does this well.What's the bad? Well, for some weird reason, from time to time, it turns itself off! Then a balloon pops up to inform me that my system is no longer protected. Just like that.I've done some initial research, but haven't been able to find out why this happens but it worries me as you can imagine. I'll continue trying to find out what the problem is, and perhaps use their technical support resources which I hope is good. For now, simply clicking to "re-protect" the system turns everything back on to normal.I like McAfee's product in general, how easy it was to setup and use (weird turning off notwithstanding!); it seems to do the exact job for which I got it and I'm satisfied with that. It has also received high praise from the usual sources that know much more than I do about security issues so I'll give it a three-and-a-half star review. Since there are no half-stars, I'll go up to four.
McAfee is a very easy Internet Security package to use.  I have not had any noticeable infiltrations on any of the machines, 1 XP pro laptops 1 XP pro tablet and 1 media PC tower, that it has been installed on.  In the past, I have predominantly used Norton products, but realized that it had a tendency to significantly reduce the performance of all machines I have installed them on.  AV suites are about as much protection as possible, but when my performance is cut almost in half, I had to look for an alternative.  Though I have used many different anti-virus and internet security suites over the years (Kaspersky, Trend Micro, AVG, etc.), for the purposes of this review, I am comparing only McAfee and Norton as I installed McAfee over the Norton installations.Comparing the two, they have both worked well for me.  The main difference between McAfee and Norton is that McAfee is much more hands off.  Use the installer and the most current package is downloaded and then installed.  Once installed, it does its thing with very little setup or configuration.  Conversely, Norton came with a full version on the cd and after the install it asks to download the latest definitions and updates.  This route of install definitely took longer; and with the prevalence of high speed internet access that isn't that big of a deal --- of course it would be a big deal if you are still on dial up.  Norton also has a lengthy configuration process and while it "learns" your habits, pop ups and config questions constantly come on asking you to proceed, block, allow, accept, etc.  Not a big deal if you are fairly comfortable with computers, but people like my dad that only has basic skills were always afraid of doing the wrong thing so the first month I would always get a call asking me what to do.In short, I like McAfee.  It works well and is easier to install and live with.  I would like a little more control over specific functions and task, that Norton does, but the ease of use and performance increase is well worth the sacrifice.
I've been using the Internet Security 2008 with no problems. I have it on a XP, Vista, and XP (Virtual) machine. Having installed 2009 version the installation was very smooth, as it was with 2008 version. After installation I tend to turn off all the extra security features outside of the basic virus scan. I don't like having any security package constantly reviewing and warning on everything. I turn off firewall, site advisor, and any others except for the virus scan. As a virus scan only setup the application works as advertised. Updates are automatic, scans are not very intrusive and I have not had any system related issues since the installation. For non technical users the security suite probably offers good coverage for those who are less informed about security threats.Having used McAfee for years I think this version works well and is worth picking up. I've never been a fan of Norton and for now there is no reason to look outside of McAfee. With the 3 user license it can cover most if not all of the pc's in your house for a reasonable price.
I tried the previous version which I considered average, Internet Security 2009 seems to be improved in a number of areas,Installation was trouble free. McAfee gives you the choice of installing the version on your CD or downloading the most current version. This is a sensible approach, I think. I chose the download it sent smoothly. Even with the downloading, the install went pretty quickly.For my testing, I installed it on a system running Windows XP SP2 Media Center, having first uninstalled the free Comodo anti-virus and firewall applications running on the machine.I could not complete the registration/activation process because McAfee's server did not respond. Thus, I was unable to learn if McAfee still forces you to give them a credit card number for automatic renewal of your anti-virus subscription. You weren't able to cancel this forced transaction online: you had to call McAfee. A poor way to do business in my opinion.McAfee may have changed this policy somewhat. In combing through their Customer Support area, I learned that it may only be online purchasers who get nailed this way.The problem with an ordinary person testing ant-virus programs is that unlike a formal lab, they may not have a bunch of viruses and malware lurking in their machines. I can tell you that the anti-virus scanning speed appears to be high and doesn't over burden the CPU, which is nice when compared with some other programs, like Norton's.The Help file will leave most users pretty much in the dark with its brusque explanations. For example, an inexperienced user wanting to change the firewall settings for some reason may quickly be reduced to pulling their hair out.McAfee, to its credit, does an excellent job of identifying the applications on your machine and setting the right firewall permissions for them. I don't know how it will do when you add new programs to your system.McAfee has put a lot of features into Internet Security 2009 at a very reasonable price for three users. Some of them, such as the file shredder and file cleaner, aren't mentioned on the box. Neither is the back up program or the network manager. I didn't try any of these features.Overall, I think Internet Security 2009 is an improved product over last year's version. It seems to execute faster and hog fewer system resources. Happily the number of inrusive pop-ups seems to have been substantialy reduced. For the money, it seems to be a good, solid product.Jerry
I previously tried the internet security suite 2008 on my computer and had to face numerous chllenges first to get it to install and then to try to increase my computer's speed. McAfee Internet security 2009 is your anti-virus, anti-phishing and firewall protection all in one CD which can be used in upto 3 computers. What I liked about this is that it's simple and neat meaning that it covers the essentials that we really need instead of a gazilion other things which we probably have little or no use of. This new one was going to be installed on my husband's laptop so I was naturally scared! Well, I'm pleased to say install wasn't a problem on his vista laptop although it took a while for everything to be setup. Once the setup was done, the application looked very nice and user-friendly. My only problem again, is the speed. While I understand that scanning for malware and all the good stuff takes processing power away from user applications, it is very troublesome to now have to suddenly move at a slower pace. So while internet secuity 2009 maybe your solution for safe surfing, it doesn't come without headaches like slower speed. I'm sure there are better products out there which can accomplish both and I hope McAfee will achieve that next time!
I am a recent convert to McAfee's internet security solution and I have recently upgraded from the 2008 version to the 2009 version. I was impressed with the VAST inprovements McAfee has made to their product line to the point that I have found myself recommending their products to people looking for a reasonable solution. With the move to 2009 I was anxious to see what other improvements McAfee has made. There are some updates and improvements, but these seem to be minor.I have two computers, one of which runs Vista Home Premium and the other runs XP Home. Both were running the 2008 version. On the XP box, the installation was smooth and seamless, and after a reboot all was well. The Vista machine had some issues, though, during the installation of each component, where it would complain about a file that either had an invalid path or that could not be overwritten. I was offered a Retry/Cancel dialog box, and in every case the Retry button worked, but having to click over and over again during installation was annoying. I am assuming it was because it was an upgrade, not a fresh install, though both machines were upgrades. After the Vista install was complete, there were no more headaches.I was pleased to see that my settings for the 2008 version were retained for the 2009 version.I noticed something unpleasant between the systems that grabbed my attention, but only because I was looking for differences. The memory usage on the Vista computer is MUCH lower than that on the XP system, for reasons unknown. That said, the performance does not seem to be appreciably different.On the same note, I have noticed that with the 2009 version installed the XP system ran faster than it did with the 2008 version loaded. The Vista machine's performance seems to be unchanged.Next I will discuss the firewall, as that seems to be where the majority of noticeable changes have occurred. With the 2008 version, there were several settings for the firewall that could be made with the adjustment of a slider control. These level settings ranged between Off, Trusting, Standard, Tight, Stealth, and Lockdown (or some minor variation there of - I did not write these down before I upgraded). With the 2009 version, these have been replaced with just three slider settings - Automatic, Standard and Stealth. Lockdown is in a different area. The reduced number of options is not necessarily a bad thing, and I suspect it now matches the actual usage patterns that are prevalent in the software's usage. I always set mine to Stealth and saw no reason to change. When I tested the firewall for security, I was unable to locate a test that caused the firewall to fail, and I was pleased that the firewall prevented my computer from responding to any kind of probe or echo requests.I discovered a curiosity in the firewall's application filters. The filters allow you to set up access rules for any and all applications on your system which is very handy when you have a useful application that you want to keep from accessing the network (such as Acrobat Reader, in my case). After the upgrade several applications in the rule sets that were still loaded on my system were listed as no longer installed. I am not sure what happened there, and I deleted these errant rules. I believe these were probably cosmetic issues, but regardless it was something that drew my attention.The antivirus seems to be virtually unchanged between the 2008 and 2009 versions. The antivirus is very thorough and stable, doing an excellent job of scanning the system. I discovered a check box in the AV settings, that allows you to specify minimal resource usage during a scan. The information help that comes with it states very clearly that AV scanning is a low-priority background task when this option is taken, and it seems to work very much as advertised. With this option checked, McAfee's AV is absolutely the slowest AV I have ever used (600,000 files in 3.5 hours), but it also is so gentle on system resources that it does not impact anything and you might not know it's running except for the animated scanning icon in the system tray.The parental controls in McAfee's suite are, in my opinion, nearly useless. If you want to block anything, you have to specify that you want it blocked, so there is no pregenerated list of URLs. Keyword filtering is a more useful aspect of the filter system, yet it still requires some manual entry.I like the site advisor, which provides some clues as to the safety of the web sites you visit. It does not prevent you from going there, but it does tell you when you have found a potentially harmful site. That says that McAfee is tracking some kind of URL set, yet it does not make the set available to the parental control component which is unfortunate.The antispam component does a fair job of catagorizing email, though I elected to turn it off because I use a different antispam product. With the standard settings, I find that determination of spam is a little trigger-happy but not unreasonable.I played with the "Manage Network" component and like the mapping of the network topology. Though it is not something I personally need, it is undoubtedly useful to system administrators who need to see the lay of the land at a quick glance.With McAfee Internet Security installed on both machines, I have seen no appreciable issues and my systems are well protected. I like the firewall configuration and I really like the fact that the antivirus is so gentle on the system when scanning. The other components in the system - with the exception of the parental controls - are sufficient protection for home and SOHO users, though not all are features I use. I am comfortable recommending this package based on my positive experience with it - it is a fine solution for anyone wishing to protect their system without bringing it to its knees.
You can't go wrong with McAfee! Easy to install, this security system will do the job without slowing your computer down to a crawl like some of the others I've tried. Not comprehensive, but focused instead on those who do a lot of internet surfing.
While I did not expect much with McAfee Internet Security 2009 it did, at least, meet my expectations.  As someone that works in the computing industry I know how the consumer level anti-virus packages can be below par and really cause headaches for the end user.  Corporate level packages are much better, but I will get off topic here...McAfee Internet Security 2009 was decently quick during the installation and updating phases.  It followed the usual steps of uninstalling older software packages and did it with ease, but I'm sure it was just luck in my case.  After the install and updating, I found the menus to be fairly easy to navigate.  However, I personally feel that most anti-virus/internet security packages (McAfee included) offer too many options.  At the end of the day most people just want to know that their PC is protected.  McAfee does a decent job of offering a compromise between simple, straight-forward menus and more complicated options should the user want them.After a couple weeks of use, Internet Security 2009 has been running smoothly.  I have not noticed too much of a slow down on my system and the software has not been too nagging with pop-ups and warnings.  As for firewalls, it does a good job out of the box without too much hassle and blocking.Overall, its speed has been above par and resource usage has been relatively low.  Comparing Internet Security 2009 to previous versions, I would certainly recommend it as an upgrade.  Compared to its competition, it's really on par.  It does not offer anything substantial above its competitors, nor does it offer any negatives.  Your previous experience with this brand and the price of the product should be among your deciding factors.  I have used just about all of the consumer level security packages and I tend to stick with a single brand and McAfee is certainly a brand that you can trust.
The install process was easy on Vista Ultimate.  In fact this version of the software uses a really convenient system where you register on their site to activate your software.  This way you don't need to worry about losing your software key.  Some may find that intrusive but I find it useful.I think most people are familiar with the most basic function a virus/spyware scanner performs.  It looks for pre-defined viruses/spyware and makes sure that you don't download, email or install them.  McAfee has never been at the top of the list of virus detection but it isn't the worst either.I think perhaps the feature of this version that I like most is the Site Advisor feature (something not found in free scanners).  What this does is pre-scan all the webpages you are going to against a central database and lets you know if virus or spyware problems have been found on those pages.  This is particularly useful for people who are not familiar with more advanced methods for avoiding suspect websites.  However, this feature is somewhat problematic because on two of my older systems it significantly slowed Internet Explorer 7 (though it did not slow down Firefox 3 at all).Also useful is the Easy Networking tool that is included.  This allows you to see a map of your network and to see the status of the McAfee software on each.  It does not use anything more sophisticated than a Windows Workgroup but it makes it easier to set up and use a home network to share printers and files.  However, I recommend caution setting up a network using this tool if you also have a wireless router.  It may or may not warn you about setting up strong encryption on your router to prevent people from logging on to your home network and viewing your network shares.Finally I do like the intelligent firewall.  Vista comes with a firewall but it is pretty weak.  This version of McAfee does a decent job of letting you know when bad programs are trying to connect to the internet.  It is also adjustable so you can get a lot of warnings (if you like that) or very few warnings.Overall I feel pretty good about this software.
Installation time ( downloading from internet with DSL ) took about 30 minutes (including a couple reboots, as required.)  Takes up more memory in the background than previous version did. (Previous version used 46K, new version uses about 54K.) Didn't have to "uninstall" previous version- it did that for me, automatically.  Haven't seen anything new or unusual about this version that is much different from previous, yet.As usual with McAfee, it puts green circles with check-marks next to internet sites it has tested that are "safe," yellow and red circles next to ones that it hasn't checked, or are probably not safe.Allows you to set up parental controls for websites, based on the scanned content. Hasn't locked up my web browsers yet, so all appears to be working as advertised.
I've used my different anti-virus and security applications on many different computers over the years, and I'm reasonably impressed with Trend Micro Internet Security Pro. The application is easy to install, it's easy to adjust the settings to fit your needs, it automatically updates regularly, and it identifies threats that some other applications miss.I've been running two other security and anti-virus applications on my computer over the last year and neither of those programs identified a Trojan Horse that had been installed on my computer. After I installed Trend Micro Internet Security, it immediately identified the Trojan Horse and quarantined the file to protect my computer. I did a Google search to find out more about the quarantined file (to make sure it was a Trojan Horse and not a safe file that was misidentified) and sure enough it is a known malware/Trojan Horse file that compromised my computer's security.Thankfully, this application identified it and got rid of it.Now, here are the minor problems I have with Trend Micro Internet Security: First, even if I set the application to only update at a specific time it will sometimes update immediately after reboot even if it has already updated the security software that day. This is good if you want to make sure your security files/virus definitions are up to date, but it stinks if you don't want the program downloading updates all the time.Second, depending on the number of start-up applications I have running on my system, Trend Micro Internet Security Pro sometimes generates a strange error message telling me to stay off the internet until my parents have changed the parental controls. I'm a 31-year-old adult who is married and has a kid of his own. I disabled the parental controls (because my 2-year-old isn't using the computer yet) but I still get this strange error message about 50% of the time when I start up my computer. If the parental controls have been disabled (turned off) I should NOT be getting error messages telling me to stay off the internet until my mommy and daddy fix the computer.Hopefully these two problems are corrected in a future update.Overall, I still highly recommend this software for people who want to keep their computer's safe. I just hope the update schedule controls and parental control issues are resolved with a future update from Trend Micro.
When comparing Trend Micro's Internet Security Pro with McAfee's VirusScan Plus, I found that both do their jobs well. I am especially impressed with their site advisory systems which enable the user to surf the web without fear. I did find that the Trend Micro system was a bit more of a resource hog, so it loses a star over that. Easy installation. Internet Security Pro also warns you about suspicious emails and IMs. It's not a bad system at all. 4 stars!
I have been a big fan for Trend Micro for the last four years; however, I made the switch away from Trend Micro when the 2007 version came out. Many security vendors continued to make improvements on the resource usages every year.  Trend Micro was getting worse with the initial load time. The load time for the security suite 2007 was too slow for my taste.I figured I would give the 2009 version another chance. Once again I am not impressed with install and load times. The install too long because the update process, The load time after reboot continue to be a drag. Once loaded Trend Micro does NOT take a large amount of system resources and the scan time are fairly quick. However; I have decide to uninstall it and use other product because of the initial load time / update process.The pro version is packed with many features, including my favorite the keystoke encryprtion. This will prevent any software application from stealing information as you type.I would recommend the product for the protection value, scan speed, and the small load on the system resources and if you do not mind the initial load time then you will be completely satisfied. I just hate slower boot times. There are better products out there when it comes to preventing spyware/malware, so I recommend just using an additional anti-spyware program to overcome that. (Adware 2008, Spybot, Spyware Doctor Starter Edition)Having something is better than nothing.
I really like the Trend Micro line and think they are an up and coming software company. This is a good product. I have used Norton and McAfee in the past and I was looking for something different.Just like the other reviewer I found the installation process a little problematic. I did not have an older version or another Trend Micro product installed but found that I had to perform a custom install and use his same technique for installing without the firewall and then updating the software to add it after the fact. And it works!It doesn't slow down my computer and it works great. Other than the installation headaches I am finding it to be a great program. If your tired of Norton and McAfee you may want to give Internet Security Pro v.2 a try.
I currently use Norton Internet Security (NIS), upon reviewing Internet Security Pro (ISP) I can say that it is not as good as NIS, and also falls behind Bitdefender Total Security. It's not so much that this is a bad program, just that the others are better. Slow down is worse than NIS. The offer to use on 3 PC's is nice, but it seems they all offer that option. Things I like include: you can remotely lock files (incase your pc gets stolen); you can extend protection to your smartphone; and you can limit your children's access and time on the internet (a very nice feature, but also available on the regular version of this software). I had no trouble installing this (on an older PC). I can not say anything about virus detection/repairing as all of my systems are clean (thanks to NIS....which found and cleaned infostealer after my father-in-law came to visit). I have used this software for over 2 weeks and still do not like it is as much as NIS. I would recommend either of the other two suites over this one....the interface is not as nice as NIS either....in short, try one of the other two suites I mentioned. Both will make you happier.
Please be advised that this software (Trend Micro Antivirus + Antispyware 2009) is just for antivirus and anti-spyware protection while online. This does not protect against email spam, stop malicious downloads from websites, have backup and restore options, protect against identity theft or have parental controls. With that being said, Trend Anit-Virus and Anti-Spyware program has been consistent in alerting me of possible threats such as worms and trojan horses, and it will notify me of any unauthorized changes to applications. It will scan your emails but it will not give you the option to control spam or stop unwanted images. With the recent updates to Windows, I really found no need to have a program that did everything since my system has a firewall, I can maximize my computer performance and I am able to backup my system using Windows. Windows Vista even has parental control built right in but I do not use that feature.I previously had McAfee Internet Protection installed on my work computer and had 9 days left on my subscription so I decided to give Trend a try. Installation was easy. It only took 3 minutes to install the program and approximately 10 minutes to download the updates. During installation please be aware that Windows Defender will be automatically turned off to avoid any conflicts.Since this program is a basic anti-virus, I have seen a dramatic difference in my system's speed. I guess the more your anti-virus software does, the more memory it uses and slows done your computers performance since it is continuously running in the background. I have been pleased with this software's performance and I have had no conflicts or issues arise. I mostly shop online, check my Yahoo email and interact in Facebook. If you are looking for a program that offers more than just the basics, this program does give you the opportunity to upgrade to Pro from Basic if you are looking for more protection.
First off let's be clear: you are probably better off buying the entire suite from Trend Micro (or Norton, or McAfee, or whoever) so that you get a unified firewall, anit-spam, anti-virus, and anti spyware package.  That being said if you have an older computer that tends to choke on those big suites and you have a hardware firewall (included in most wired or wireless routers) and you have the free Windows firewall turned on (in XP or Vista) then this would be a good option.  Just make certain your turn on the anti-spam provided by most internet service providers (which conveniently, runs on their servers).Now to this product:If you need the very best Anti-virus protection this isn't for you.  It's good, it's just not the best.  If you really need the best you probably want Eset or McAfee.  If you're okay with "decent" protection read on since Trend rates average for Anti-Virus detection and above average for scan speed (according to Consumer Reports).If you need the best Anti-spyware then you probably want this product, or the Trend Micro Internet Security Suite.  Trend ties with Norton for the best Anti-spyware.  It also gets top marks overall for ease of use (as above, ratings are from CR).In my own experience I've found the user interface really easy very simple to use and written in refreshingly plain language.  I have this on my notebook and McAfee on my home server and with McAfee I'm always trying to figure out just what a given setting actually does.  It might be powerful but users who are not very computer literate might not configure it correctly and end up worse off than if they have bought a less powerful but easier to use product like this one.
I've used both Trend and Norton and I actually rate them about the same as far as usability.  The interface is well laid out and easy to navigate although some of their options are fairly well geared towards more computer savvy users.  I found myself having to look up some of the terminology used.  Trend is pretty good at finding and cleaning out problems although in my case it was mostly of the spam cookies variety. It can be set to update automatically and this occurs on a daily basis and can hijack your computer screen if you set it that way.  As a result I changed the setting to allow me to manually update.  A little riskier but more convenient.  The one thing that drops this to a 4 is the system scan.  First, it defaults to Quick scan and I could find no way to change this default so I had to change it to Full System scan whenever I wanted to do a scan, which is my preference. Second, the Full System scan takes a very long time, between 1-2 hours on my system.  My system is about 6 months old with only about 20% of the hard drive full with plenty of RAM and processing power so I'm not to impressed by the algorithm Trend has developed. Other than that it's a solid product and with an option to by 1,2, or 3 year subscriptions should keep your system safe for a long while.
Trend Micro Antivirus and Antispyware has made gains since last year, introducing a number of features in its 2008 model that are useful in both the home and small office. Aside from the intuitive interface, Trend Micro provides a number of configuration options that allow the user to control the application, something we faulted Norton Antivirus 2008 for not providing.Trend Micro AntiVirus + AntiSpyware 2009 get off to a good start this year with the same clean and easy to use interface. The antivirus software is easy to install and intuitive. However, the antispyware portion of this application leaves much to be desired. Plus, the software tends to be resource-heavy and even sluggish at times. On top of that, Trend Micro AntiVirus + AntiSpyware 2009 don't do so well in independent testing. Results on overall effectiveness range from average to poor depending on the test.Despite the nice look and feel, Trend Micro AntiVirus + AntiSpyware 2009 doesn't give us much confidence this year.
Trend Micro AntiVirus+AntiSpyware provides a reasonable level of protection for home users. I tested it with a "safe" virus test suite from[...] and the Trend Micro software successfully detected all the viruses and quarantined them. The one feature this software lacks is that it isn't very "proactive" about alerting you to potential viruses or activities that might lead to viruses like some other antivirus programs. On the other hand, that means that Trend Micro isn't as intrusive as other antivirus programs and stays in the background. On that note, the updates are automatic and all stay in the background in Windows.The Trend Micro software is simple to use and the interface is very slick and attractive. I noticed that the Trend Micro antivirus software doesn't impact my PC's system performance the way that Norton does ... so no slow down in computer speed. The one negative is that a full scan of the hard drive for viruses takes longer than other programs like Norton or Kaspersky.Pros:* Successfully detects and quarantines viruses* Simple, non-intrusive interface with automatic updates* Minimal impact to system performanceCons:* Not as proactive as other antivirus programs* Full scans of your hard drive for viruses take longer than other programs
I have used this for sometime and find it to be very reliable, nothing speacial but it gets the job done well. It will protect from viruses and spyware -its simple and effective.
I recently had the chance to review Trend Micro Antivirus and found it to be an adequate antivirus.The program to be very user friendly and easy to install.And it seems to work well. Another plus is the fact that running the program doesn't slow your computer down.But honestly this isn't a program that I would buy just for the fact that it can only be used on one computer.
The coverage was great...I think...It didnt see any virii in 6 months of light net use.It uses about 100MB of ram after a while on WinXP Pro 32b, and 150MB or more during a complete scan. Normally it runs under 64MB of ram.
The price is right on this all in one package of PC security tools. There are others out there, each with pros and cons, but for the price this has a good set of programs. If you currently have no anti-spyware on your computer, you need to get something now. If you have no anti-virus yet, good luck.
For a "novice" computer user, I would definitely recommend the PC Doctor software.  The interface is really easy to figure out and use, and overall, the suite provides good protection. It is a bit of a resource hog, and occasionally has trouble removing some viruses (although it's much better than Symantec), but overall this is decent software that I'd recommend.
I'm kind of a personal computer security freak.  It seems I've tried everything out there at least once: Norton/Symantec, McAfee, Trend Micro, Zone Alarm, Avast, Kaspersky, etc.  I'll compare this product to the ones I have come across.In terms of user friendliness, I give this product a 4.5/5.  It's visually oriented, without any complex menus and submenus to deal with.  Reminds me of Norton and McAfee in terms of the ability to quickly access what you need to get done with the program.When it comes to your machine, handling this program, it's a 4/5.  It's definitely not as lightweight as McAfee, Trend Micro, or Avast, but it's way easier on your memory and hard drive than the infamous destructive force "I need a new computer b/c my anti-virus program destroyed it" Norton or the "I'm afraid of my next door neighbor hacking into my computer" Kaspersky users.In terms of personal security, this program is really the works: antivirus, firewall, spam, spyware.  I give it 3.5/5.  It has a wide variety of things it monitors, but as often is the case with such products, the more you spread out your resources, the fewer bugs you catch.  In terms of variety of options, yet lack of a sophisticated and comprehensive database of bugs, this reminds me of McAfee, Avast, Trend Micro, Zone Alarm.So, to finish off, see where you fit in:If you are regular computer user, who doesn't go to "iffy" web site, doesn't download things from "iffy" sources, this is really an excellent program for you, especially for the money.  If you don't like this program for some reason, I'd recommend Trend-Micro, Avast (which is free but not nearly as comprehensive), or McAfee.If you are constantly under threat from viruses/worms/hackers/spyware and want an extremely powerful and comprehensive program designed by a certified genius that will basically allow you to control every 1 and 0 that comes into your computer, you have the time to set it up and maintain properly, and you have an extremely powerful computer that can handle it, get the Kaspersky Security Suite.I wouldn't recommend Norton to even my worst enemy.  Because it's the most popular program worldwide, virus makers and hackers love to target it with all sorts of new things, basically shutting down the program before it can even protect you (great, huh?).  And not to mention, that this program buries into your hard-drive so far down, that not even a professional can't salvage your computer from the damage (i.e. slowing your computer down), Norton causes after you uninstall it.  I beg you, if you are thinking of getting a new PC, DEMAND from the computer manufacturer that you DO NOT get a pre-installed free trial of Norton on your computer which is all too often the case as Symantec tries to purposefully dominate the market with its "superior" product.
If you own a PC, I hope you realize that protection against internet threats is not only a good idea, but absolutely essential.  If you don't have your PC protected, it is only a matter of time before it is corrupted.So, if you're a typical PC user, which protection software do you choose?  They are all good, but I liked the ease of installation of PC Tools and its easy to understand & navigate structure.  It gives you protection against the big three: viruses, spyware, & firewall attacks.  Can you get basic protection from a combination of various free programs you can separately install?  Yes, if you're willing to track them down, install them, and keep track of them.  PC Tools is solid, easy to use protection--- if it prevents a single virus or spyware infection it will have paid for itself.  One important note: PC Tools is NOT compatible with the Safe Eyes family internet screening program, and so if you choose that excellent program you will need to install another internet protection product on your PC.
Short Review:PC Tools Internet Securty 2009 is a security suite with all the usual bells and whistles.  It defends your computer without hogging resources and without being too invasive.Long Reivew:For all you computer guys out there, let me first tell you where I am coming from.  I am running PC Tools on Windows Vista on the Bootcamp partition of my late 2007 iMac with 2 gb of memory.  I did not test the abilities of the program (as in trying to infect myself with spyware or viruses), I leave that to the expert.  I will try to convey the experience and hope that the experts.SET UP:  At first, I tried to set this up by running Vista in virtualization using VMware's Fusion.  I couldn't get it to set up and run.  I tried and tried but it just wouldn't go.  So, I turned off the computer and booted into Bootcamp.  PC Tools installed quickly and automatically with the insertion of the CD.  There were minimal questions to ask.  One quibble:  when typing in the password there is a screen that has two buttons:  'Submit' and 'Continue.'  I kept hitting the continue button and was unable to register the product.  Once I realized that you had to hit 'submit' I was okay.  I still don't know why there is a 'continue' button...FIRST RUN:  The program set itself up.  The initial splash screen was easy to negotiate.  Each component has its own set up panel and is self explanatory.  There are buttons for  anti-spyware, anti-virus, anti-spam, and firewall settings.  Each menu is easy to negotiate and has a number of variable settings.  I didn't want to wait a long time for a full scan, so I opted for the more superficial, quick 'intelli-scan.'  The program did come up with a number of spyware issues that it quite easily deleted on command.Of note, after installing it in Bootcamp, the suite worked flawlessly in virtualization.RESOURCES:  Prior to running this suite, I was using Macafe's security suite.  In comparison, Macafe was a real resource hog, slowed down the machine, and asked too many questions.  What with Vista constantly asking for permissions, things were getting a little ridiculous.  The firewall seems to ask appropriate questions and allowed code to run after a single query.  Overall, I had a much better experience with this than Macafe and Trend before this.  Caveat emptor, I am no firewall maven so the efficacy of the firewall could be an issue here.  But assuming that the program performs well it works smoothly.  The experience here is a lot like running Commodo or Zone Alarm.CONCLUSION:Overall, it works smoothly and as advertised.  There is nothing new, innovative, or sensational about it but, after all, it is a security suite. For me, I felt that unlike my past experiences, this suite ran without slowing my computer down to a crawl.  It also was less invasive than other firewall options.  I also liked its simple, no-frills user interface.PC tools makes Spyware Doctor which is an award winning spyware remover and is part of the suite.  If the antivirus, firewall, and anti-spam features are as efficacious, this would be a great addition to any PC.  And for the price, it's a bargain at that.
I am running a Windows XP system and decided to give PC Tools a try since virusbtn.com gave the antivirus and spyware components of this package a very desirable effectiveness rating (for the XP operating system - not Vista - as of the last testing).  I began the process by uninstalling Trend Micro Internet Security.  Prior to Trend Micro, I had used both Norton 2007 and Mc Afee.The installation was fast compared to the other security suites I have used but did require three reboots to get fully updated.  The first big plus came with the initial scan.  It was easily twice as fast as Trend Micro in scanning the system and uncovered 7 spyware threats that it classified as high security risks that Trend Micro did not catch.  In addition, it picked up 92 low risk threats that Trend Micro did not.Next I went to two of my favorite websites for testing firewall and browser settings:  auditmypc.com and grc.com (the ShieldsUp! site).  The results were water tight for probes, pop ups and browser security while using Firefox 3.0.5.  I would, however,  expect nothing less from a good security program and have achieved similar results with all of my previous security suites.The interface is simplistic but straight forward and easy to configure.  I do miss the wireless network monitoring that Trend Micro provided but am willing to forgo that feature for better protection.  On a more subjective level, web pages seem to load faster but I am not basing this on any specific test - just observation.
I am a newcomer to PC Tools Internet Security, and having compared several suites of late and having settled on one that I particularly like I was anxious to see how PC Tools 2009 compared. While the applications appear to be solid and well integrated and the overall suite sports a generous feature set, PC Tools did more harm than good in my case. I believe I am an isolated case but some things merit mentioning. I give the suite 4 stars because 3.5 is not an option.For reference, I installed PC Tools on a Sony Vaio laptop with a dual-core 2.1 GHz Intel processor, 3GB RAM and a lot of disk space. The OS is Vista Home Premium.Installation was relatively painless. After installing the software my system was rebooted and I was off to the races. Everything came up without trouble and seems to work. I have installed suites where *everything* goes wrong on the install, but PC Tools 2009 installed flawlessly. This is a good thing.The front end of the application is a control center giving direct access to the different areas of the suite: Anti-Spyware, Anti-Virus, Anti-Spam and Firewall. By default everything is enabled. Though I personally do not like the appearance of the control center, everything is laid out logically and is easy to find. Clicking on any of the 4 application areas gives access to a configuration link which gives access to the nuts and bolts.The antivirus is a capable one, though not especially fast. It took about an hour and a quarter to scan 400,000 files. I should be clear, scanning is more than just searching for viruses, it includes looking for rootkits, spyware and other threats, so the scan time is not unreasonable when viewed in light of that. It gives very clear data about what it finds an what can be done if there is a problem.The antispam looks to be very promising but it is a component I cannot test. I will explain as I talk about the firewall.The firewall looks and acts suspiciously like ZoneAlarm. It has similar pop-up alerts and configuration settings, and it is as configurable. It is a very secure firewall, passing all tests I could throw at it including leak tests, port scans and other attempts to circumvent it. It includes program control too, so individual programs can be throttled or given access.It is with the firewall that I have run into a real problem - it is a little too aggressive in locking down applications, and it has singled out my email client (I do not use OutLook but rather I use a shareware client). Every time I run my email client I get an alert stating that my email client wants net access and queries for permission. Even though I tell the firewall to remember the choice, it queries over and over. Then, even with full permission for my email client, the firewall keeps killing my connection to the POP3 server, so I cannot get my email. As such I cannot test the antispam.The IntelliGuard is a nice set of gatekeepers that prevent various things from happening such as changes to the registry, downloading files from malicious websites, etc. Everything is configurable and customizable, which is great for fine-tuning the protection. What is lacking is a parental control component.PC Tools Internet Security 2009 is a nice security suite with a nice feature set and solid applications. I believe it clashes with my configuration, preventing me from hitting my email server, but that will require a little more investigation before I write it off. If you need good, solid protection with a straightforward interface, PC Tools Internet Security is worth a look.
PCTools is fairly new to the Internet Security Suite Business. This is a very crowded space and there are better Software vendors in the area.The suite provides a firewall, antispyware, antivirus, and antispam protection.ANTISPYWARE - Because the suite uses the same scan engine from Spyware Doctor, spyware removal is top notch. Full scan are very time consuming, so make sure you schedule them for a time when you are not using your computer.FIREWALL - The firewall is not too obtrusive, so you are not alerted for approval too often. You do have the choice to be alerted for almost everything; however, this get old fast you will not want to use that feature.ANTISPAM - Most most mail hosts now have integrated antispam protection so the antispam program provides little value to you if your email provider already provides antispam.ANTIVIRUS - The Antivirus also suffers from slow scans. It does a good job on protecting you from getting a virus. It has received the VB100 award, so you can trust the effectiveness.I recommend buying Sypware Doctor with Antivirus instead of the Internet Security suite if you are interested in PCTools products. You will save money by using the windows Firewall or using a free firewall program like comodo.
So I bought myself a cute littleSamsung NC10-14GB 10.2-Inch Netbook (1.6 GHz Intel Atom Processor, 1 GB RAM, 160 GB Hard Drive, 6 Cell Battery, XP Home) Blue.  Oooh, shiny.  I also like the seven hours of battery life on one charge.  But it doesn't have a dvd drive.  I considered copying the software to a card and loading it through the card reader.  However, I ultimately ended up putting the CD in a shared/networked DVD drive and added my netbook to the office network.  I was able to install the program easily.  the scan was quick and it didn't seem to be the resources hog I have noticed with AVG and Norton.I liked the fact that the firewall was very restrictive on installation and had to be adjusted for exceptions-- there's been a lot of problems over the years with software shipping in unsecure mode and users not realizing the need to adjust.I'll probably add a couple of favorite security programs like Spybot S&D;, and I have created a nonadministrative account for surfing the net, but I think this program is well worth having.
If you just bought a computer or planning to go for a antivirus/antispyware, PCtools Internet security is the answer, here is why :Are there not any freeware security software that I could use ?Do not waste your time in looking in for freeware, most of them do not work - there is a substantial amount of work required to maintain the virus and spyware signature current and noone can do it for free.  Infact there are 'free' antispyware which are actually rogue-wave, here is a complete list, stay away from them: "[...]"If you really want to use some freeware, here is my reccomendation:-> AVG antivirus freeware-> Super antispyware freewareStill PCtools is the best among all of theseWill PCtools provide me with free updates to antivirus and antispyware ?New viruses and spyware are created around the world everyday and this needs to be kept up to date.  PCtools does provide you with frequent updates (at no extra cost)Will installing PCtools decrease the performance of my computer ?To some extent yes, since it has to scan before you run any file on the sytem, But if you have a computer which you bought anywhere in the last 5 years, there should be hardly any noticable performance impactHow does PCtools compare with similar products?I have personally used Trend Micro, McShield and PCtools and I find PCtools to be the most effective in protecting and removing viruses and anti-spyware.  Trend micro is the worst of the lot and McShield is ok.~ Update 1 - 16th April 09 ~Recently I got a software sent by an email from a friend, I called him, verified that it was ok to run, scanned with PCTools to make sure it was clean. After running it, i noticed that my PC was running slow, the performance deterioration was so subtle that you could notice it, but you would hardly suspect if something was going on.Suspecting, I download a freeware version of SuperAntiSpyware and was able to identify a spamware in the software.  I understand that it is hard for any one tool to be capable of knowing all viruses and spam, but just thought everyone should be aware of it - if you get a suspecting file, scan it with more than 1 antivirus/antispyware and SuperAntiSpyware is a damn good thing.
Even though the new computers I buy usually come with Norton, I like to switch out to other defensive programs.  So, I uninstalled Norton's from the HP laptop and put in Spyware Doctor.  It was easy to install and has a simple interface.  Initially, I did a full scan, and that took almost 2-1/2 hours to complete!  All it found was a couple of minor items (like cookies) that I tend to delete periodically anyways. Otherwise, surfing the net was pretty easy.  The program is unobtrusive, and does not annoy you with tons of pop-ups.  Guards are categorized into "browser" "cookie" "file" "immunizer" "keylogger" "network" "process" and finally "startup".  The best way, IMO, to avoid malware, is to be smart about which sites you visit and have a healthy respect for unrecognized email address/attachments.  I also delete temp files and cookies regularly - which is very easy to do in Firefox or Internet Explorer.  I find that site checkers are really useful in surfing the web - unfortunately, I did not see that feature in this program.  There are some free programs out there that seem to work very well too; I regularly use AVG and Spybot S&D.  Spyware doctor is not free, but I like it enough to give it my rating.
I had a little trouble initially installing this product.  It might have been related to having some remnants of a prior version on my system.  I had to uninstall and reinstall, but then everything worked fine.  Spyware Doctor does seem to find and remove a lot of things that other products don't; however, a lot of what it finds are mostly harmless cookies or other low risk items.  The screens are attractive, intuitive and easy to use.  The update sometimes doesn't always work flawlessly, but usually will after a second attempt. It seems that the product might be a little heavy on system resource use, but no worse than many other similar programs.  I probably won't use this as my primary anti-virus/anti-spyware program, as I much prefer the less resource intensive VIPRE (Sunbelt Software), but Spyware Doctor is a great tool to run a comprehensive scan on a system that you think is clean; it will probably come up with something that another product has missed.  I wouldn't hesitate to recommend Spyware Doctor as being in the top 5 of this type of program and if you can afford more than one anti-spyware program, this should be one that you should buy along with one or two others. Don't run the anti-virus portion with another anti-virus program; generally you can't run two anti-virus programs at the same time.  You can run the anti-spyware portion with other anti-spyware programs.  I can't say how effective overall Spyware Doctor is because I don't have a way to infect my system with viruses or spyware to fully test it and would not want to anyway.  Independent testers who do this kind of thing, do rate this product quite well at detecting bad stuff.  It's a quality product well worth your consideration.
I have been using Spyware Doctor for years and the product just works. The Program will remove some of the worst spyware out there. Sure there are many free alternatives out there but most cannot compete with the effectiveness of Spyware Doctor. There is even a free version of Spyware Doctor called Spyware Doctor Starter Edition. The free edition does not include all the shields to protect your computer but is good place to start to determine if Spyware Doctor is right for you. The Intelliguard Shields that do not come with the free version are the browser shield which detects and blocks malicious changes, The Network guard which blocks malicious changes to your network settings, The Process Guard which blocks and detects malicious hidden processes, and the Startup Guard which monitors and blocks malicious applications from configuring themselves.If you accidentally or unintentionally had the XP Antivirus spyware installed on your computer, Spyware Doctor will get rid of it. I did some testing by capturing XP Antivirus in a virtual session. I tried various vendors' products and Spyware Doctor did a full cleanup. Adaware attempted to clean it but many traces were left behind. I do not want to bore you with too many details. SuperAntiSpyware also did a good job.You can setup scheduled intelli-scans and full scans. This will come in handy because it can be a dog on system resources at times.Now Spyware Doctor does have its faults and that is why I gave it four stars.Issue #1Their support is bad.  On numerous occasions it seems as if the support person assigned the service request does not even read what you wrote. It is mostly some canned garbage they pulled from their support database they send you that has nothing to do with your problem. There are good odds that you will be sending numerous emails back and forth to get your issue resolved.Issue #2Full Scans are slow!! Not a big issue if you schedule the full scan for when you are not using the computer because the system resources will take a hit especially if you are running an older computer.Issue #3At least 3 times a year PCTools will release a bad update, which will make Spyware Doctor give a large amount of false positives. You need to be on the lookout for this because you could end up removing important system files. Do not always assume it always right. If you expect a false positive just quarantine it and do not remove it.Having said all that, I do highly recommend Spyware Doctor because of the effectiveness of removing spyware, you just have to be aware of the issues.One last note to be aware of that it does not run on a 64 bit OS yet. PCTools answer is to signup for their beta program. Not a real answer, if you have a 64 bit OS look elsewhere. I would recommend SuperAntiSpyware for your 64bit OS.
If I could change my star rating, I would give it only 2 or 3 stars.  When someone invents a way to protect computers and web browsers from viruses without bogging down the computer, I'll be the first to try it.Cons: After using this a couple times I found that it increased my computer's "boot up" time to over 2 minutes longer than it was.  Most spy-ware or scanning devices have the same problem, so I don't see anything here that makes it stand out from any other software. I have to turn "Intelligard" off completely to do any web surfing.  I didn't pay for DSL so I could have my browser slowed to a crawl by the PC tools program.There is also no easy way to uninstall it!  It won't show up on my list of programs on the control panel, nor are there any instructions in the help files on how to get rid of it.  So, in a way, this PC Tools program has become like the things it is supposed to be protecting my computer from!  It takes up memory and I can't get rid of it.Pros: It's easy to use, and gives you options as to what you might want to delete versus not.  It describes the risk level and type of risk, even offers to save a "go back" point/version in case you decide you deleted something you shouldn't have, and need to "go back."  Keeps a history file so you can see later what was removed.I liked the option of having it automatically download and install updates without my having to affirm window after window in order to do so.  I also like that I can use it on up to three computers at home.It didn't hog up a ton of memory on my hard drive.  It found several things that Norton and McAfee missed.  I had tried "ad-aware" but that program only caused more problems than it helped- (buggy, slow, incomplete coverage, etc.)Overall, I'm very disappointed with this program and the way it has slowed my computer down to a crawl when starting up.
Sadly, if you own and/or use a PC, especially a Windows based PC, it's pretty much mandatory that you maintain a vigilant effort against virii and/or spyware as the number of threats to your computer system are simply astounding.  Even when you exercise care and caution you can be duped into visiting sites that appear to be legitimate, but aren't and once you have your system may be compromised without you noticing it for a long, long time, if at all.The question becomes one of *which* tools to use to defend your system, not if tools should be used (at least, that is the question that most people should be asking).  The follow up to that question is whether or not you really have to buy software to use to do the job, or if some of the free alternatives can do the job sufficiently enough to save the cost of commercial software for that use.  In this area I have mixed feelings about the product I'm reviewing here.  There's nothing wrong with PCTools SPYWARE Doctor with AntiVirus protection, but at the same time I'm not completely sold on the idea that the software I used previously, which is available as freeware, was doing a bad job.I'll be honest and say that I've sampled several of these types of products along the way, and been left using various products because those products are provided on the corporate/business networks that I've worked on.  None of these products is perfect, and all miss things that others sound alarms about.  I don't think that is any different with PC Tools Spyware Doctor 2009, and I know it wasn't any different with the AntiVirus product I've previously used, or with the Anti-Spyware products I've also used.In the end, you should be encouraged to find a product (or products) that do the job at a price that you are happy to pay.  If you find freeware that works sufficiently enough, so be it, on the other hand if you feel you need more support then buy a good commercial product (such as PC Tools Spyware Doctor) and use it.  Certainly the support that you get from any free product is, as they say, worth what you paid for, while with commercial products you are paying part of the sale price for support when you have issues.Will you have issues with PC Tools Spyware Doctor 2009?  Now lets slow down a bit, as I'm not saying that.  What I would caution on is that in using any Anti-Spyware product you may encounter false alarms and even if the alarms aren't false alarms and there really is a problem with your system in order to remove the infection and/or repair the damage you may wind up finding your system at least temporarily in worse shape than it was before you started scanning/repairing it.  The use of tools such as PC Tools Spyware Doctor or other alternatives almost always involves making changes to your system that may be difficult if not nearly impossible to undo without completely reloading your system, and in such cases the ability to contact product support for your Anti-Spyware product can be a godsend.With that discussion out of the way let me cover a few thoughts on this particular product:- when you first get the box you may be thinking to yourself that the product comes with what can only be described as SUBSTANTIAL documentation, as the box is certainly relatively heavy when compared to most modern software packages that simply contain a disc and a few pages of instructions.  Ah, but that thought would be a complete fake out.  Rather than including a heavy and wordy manual the box includes simply a reasonably effective Install Guide (4 pages of instructions, the rest legalese and other mumbo jumbo) along with the software disc in an envelop that has the activation number on it.  The rest of the 'meat' in the box is a notepad.  Psych!- the Install Guide is, as noted immediately above, sufficient.  Short, and succinct (unlike this review, sorry ;-) )- the activation code, found on the back of the disc envelop, is the typical ridiculously long mix of numbers and letters separated by hyphens.  6 groups of 4.  Don't lose it and be slow and cautious in entering it so you don't type in the wrong number.- the activation process isn't as 'clean' as it should be.  There's a 'Continue' button that seems senseless and can lure you into making the mistake of hitting it after you've entered the activation code. DON'T DO IT! If you click Continue it just clears the info and you'll be entering the information again. Instead click the Activate button after entering the code.- check the settings carefully and read the Install Guide carefully.  By default you will be participating in the PC Tools Spyware Doctor community and could potentially share information about your system with PC Tools and others.  That may not be a bad thing, but you should be aware that it could happen.  The default setting (in Settings / Secure Community) are ON, with prompting, meaning you should be prompted to submit information before it's shared.  Set the option as you desire but read the information about the various options first.- Smart update shows a nice list of items including materials in other languages than your own.  It would be quite nice to have the other language materials grouped so you needn't turn off a bunch of language options individually.- when running a scan, after you click Start Scan you may see a few things listed immediately.  Unfortunately you can't get more information on those things until after the scan is completed.  It would nice if you could research the detections without having to wait for the scan to complete first.That about covers it.  Is the product worth the money?  Ask yourself how much your data is worth, and whether or not you really want it to be shared with others.
A quick and to the point review of PCtools anti-spyware:How does PCtools compare with the rest of the anti-spyware in the market ?PCtools is the best, I have personally tried and tested Mcshield, Trend micro ...  PCtools is the best in both protecting your computer as well as having the least performance impact on the processing.Will PCtools protect and remove all the spyware on my computer ?Yes, it is remove most (90%) of the spyware, but not all. Download and install a free version of 'super anti spyware' - which will be able to remove most of the spyware on your computer.  Trust me, it is not a rogue wave, the free version works pretty well.Will PCtools slow down the performance of my computer ?To some extent yes, but if you bought your computer anywhere in the last 5 years, the configuration should be good enough to run PCtools antispyware without much impact on the performance.Why should you buy a buy a anti-spyware ?There are lots of free anti-spyware, but very few of them really work and remove the spyware on your computer.  Infact there are equally good number of rogue-antispyware which promise to remove spyware, but they are spyware themselves.Here is a listing of all the rogue anti-spyware, so pls stay away from installing any of these:[...]How is the support ?I am not too sure, you judge yourself with my experience with PCtools support :  my laptop was infected with Trojan.FakeAlert on Saturday evening and I created a ticket with PCtools online, I even uploaded the results of a malware detective utility that came with the scanner - there was no response from them till Monday morning and when I checked the status of the ticket - it was in closed status.  They did not even let me know that it was closed.However, on Sunday I had resolved the issues myself by using the free Super anti-spyware hence did not worry too much about followin up with them.
I've been a Picasa (free) user for some time now, and like its interface and speed. Will this Corel Photo Album Deluxe 7 replace it for me? I don't know...they are really very similar, but you pay around $40 for one.I've used Microsoft PictureIt for years and enjoyed all its bells and whistles, but found it to be a bit slow and a resource hog. PhotoShop is a bit complicated for my likes. Corel is certainly a solid third option.Pros: quick editing, features work as promised, simple interface that is user friendly for novices.Cons: works best with all other programs closed, nothing really 'deluxe' about it over and above other similar programs...some of which are free."Easy to use"...yes."Powerful editing..."...sort of."Amazing themes..."...nothing the others don't offer."Back up your photos online..."...and pay to do it after 30 days.If you are a brand loyalist or just need a simple photo editor with solid specs, this would be for you. If you already have Photoshop, PictureIt or Picasa...don't waste your money on redundant software.
Corel Photo Album 7 Deluxe has lots of editing features, tons of templates and lots of ideas for creative picture/photo products.I found the product easy to install and to get started with.  I have to say that I probably would never need many of the features that are available with the program given my relatively simple use of editing programs for making newsletters, copies of photos and other such projects. However, the vast number of features available in this generally easily to use software is impressive and makes this seem like a good value for the list price.Truth be told, I'd probably stick with making slideshows using powerpoint - the program that I use most often and am most familiar with, but the features available in Corel Photo Album for making slide shows are many. However, the photo editing capabilities are very nice and offer many options only available in professional image editing programs that are much less easier to use, so for that alone this product won positive points from me.I like the option of video editing as well, which is likely to be a useful and desired tool for many.
If you're seriously into photography, this is NOT the program for you. It is absolutely a basic entry-level processing software.For what it does, and based on its price, I'd consider it a good value. It will give you the ability to do some basic processing like cropping, some picture quality adjustments (tone, tint, brightness, etc.), straightening, very simple things like that.It installed without a hitch; the menus are fairly intuitive. Again, obviously geared toward the beginner/novice.It does have a nice feature for editing videos, which could prove very handy for the home movie shooter. Also, coying DVDs.But if you're looking for something that allows more sophisticated creativity, be warned: this program doesn't have the most basic capabilities of even Photoshop Elements.We're talking REAL basic, here. But for what it is, and the exceptionally low price, I consider it a good value.
I recently purchased a new computer with Vista.  So when this became available on Vine, I decided to try it.It installed pretty easy and while I have only had it on my computer for a short time, I'm pleased with the features I've used.I know there is so much I haven't used yet and I'm looking forward to using it alot.
A great way to work with all the digital photos you take.  You can make them look even better with this wonderful software.
I've used several photo-editing software programs over the years, and many have different ways of setting up their programs.  Corel Photo Album 7 Deluxe seems to be directed towards the inexperienced user who would like to experiment with their photos and videos.You can organize and edit your photos as well as create slide shows orchestrated with music or videos.  There are templates for greeting cards, scrapbooks, and calendars where you may use your own photos to create custom projects.  These are powerful tools for beginners, especially scrapbookers.There may be other programs that are free or work better, but for practice and ease of use this one works wonderfully for those who are willing to follow their instincts and play around.
I am a mac user and have been for some time. I have for school reasons have had to switch back to a PC (yeah I know). So I bought aAsus G50V-A1 15.4-Inch Laptop (2.53 GHz Intel Core 2 Duo T9400 Processor, 4 GB RAM, 500 GB Hard Drive, Nvidia 9700M GT Graphics, Vista Premium). One thing I immediatly missed was my iLife suite. Being I have two kids I am expected to upload pics to the web weekly for the relatives.I am a long time user of Corel Draw for illustration. With this long term use has come a confidence with the software quality. I was not let down here with Corel Photo Album 7.It allows you to quickly and intuitively create slide shows with music. Really easy to do tasks like red eye remover, a staple in iLife is done here quite adeptly.It comes with some nice online tools, such as Sharpcast, unlimited software uploads!I really had fun fixing my pasty appearance with the suntan tool!The only thing I did not see that is included with iLife is the ability to make a book within the program. But there are several services that can do this for you.All in all a great software suite for photo collections of all sizes!
Finally a great product from Corel. I'll admit I am usually not a big fan but Photo Album 7 gets it right.  It has all the basic photo editing functions like cropping, redeye, and changing to black and white, but my favorite function in this software is that you can send the emails right from the software. No more saving to your folders, going into your email, then attaching the pic as a file. Click send and you can send it to your friends and family.  I also like all of the creative options that come with this software. You can make cards, calendars and my favorite...fake magazine covers. These are just like the ones at the mall/amusement park.  It's easy to use because it uses the click and drag method. I didn't give it five stars because I do miss the lasso function of Photshop that allows you to remove the background of phots to leave just the subject visible.  If you don't create professionally, this will definitely impress your friends and family. It's worth it.
I'm not a pro at photo editing by any means, but I have never had a dedicated photo editing program prior to Corel Photo Album 7. I used some features from a few freebie programs I received with my digital camera, downloaded online, etc, to get the work done. Having this has made my life quite a bit easier as I don't have to swap between programs to do simple things like re-size, remove red eye, add frame, and the like. This suite does it all for me with one user-friendly program. I don't get really in depth with my photo editing so I don't really need anything fancy and as such, for my purposes Corel Photo Album 7 is a good fit. A huge upgrade from my former roundabout way of editing my photos and a great time saver. I can't compare it to competitor products, but I also wasn't willing to pay over $100 on a competitor either. Highly recommend this for the price for novices like me who are just looking for an easy, affordable way to touch up photos.
I like to work with my photos, either to improve the quality or to make them fit into a larger graphic.  I do not create slideshows or DVDs, so I haven't used some of the available functions of this software.I found Photo Album 7 fairly easy to figure out and use; however, one big caveat for me was the technical requirement "Windows Vista or Windows XP (with latest service packs installed)" because my most-used laptop will not accept Windows XP Service Pack 2.  Sure enough, the software did NOT want to function on that computer.  I was able to install and use it on another laptop and a desktop computer, but it is awkward that I can't run it on my main machine.
A simple, easy to use photo enhancer that also provides a great way to organize your digital photos.  "Sharing" involves signing up for an online service, but much like any site (ie: Shutterfly, Kodak) is pretty straight forward and simple to use. This is a very BASIC photo editor but for the novice, it is clean, simple and the tutorial is user friendly. I loaded it on my Dell PC with Vista quite fast. This would make a good gift for grandparents or tweens just starting out. The scrapbooking pages are very simple and not very creative, they really could have put more imagination into them.
Photo Album 7 is a nice program if you want to improve speed at which you compile images. Compared to other very expensive software - this one does quite effeciently with little effort.Photo Album is a basic tool to quickly and efficiently change, alter, or set your images for various reasons in many ways that look very profesional. I like the clarity and user friendly buttonsand controls it has.When launching the program it does tend to move along at its own pace and one criticism from me would be that it should ask before doing. Organizing folders and files - sometimes is a personal thing. When you are dealing with a large number of photos it becomes difficult to search through them all.Using the  "Quick Fix" feature to see how they would be altered. Whilr the Quick Fix feature did deepen some of the washed out colors for clarity and more subtle yet needed changes could be seenThe makeover tools are preset tools that will help portraits look better and work really well in this program. The Blemish tool will place a skin tone dab of color over an area (presumably a skin defect like pimples or wrinkles) with a blemish. The toothbrush can be used to whiten areas and is not restricted to just teeth. The suntan will darken an area to give it a deeper tone. From a cursory test run these tools did function decently.You also have the ability to create greeting cards scrapbooks, calendars and more.Good value for the price. There are enough basic feature to keep you entertained and it is very easy to follow andoperate. I can even see younger kids getting into this very well as well as creative adults.
I wish I had fully understood what this product was before I bought it. The first time I used it, I was completely underwhelmed - I love Corel products, but had no idea why they would put together a package with fewer options than their other (much older) photo suites.Then I gave it a second try, and started tinkering with some photos. I discovered that there are a few features here - reducing red eye, evening out skin tones, reducing or removing glare or glistening/sweaty skin reflections - that are so much faster in this program.My wife is an artist, and she initially laughed at the rudimentary nature of this program. But over the past few weeks, both of us have opened photos or images into this program to use some of the 1-click features to remove a quick blemish, then go back to Photoshop for other editing.I will mention that the "add a sun tan" feature is ridiculous - it makes the skin about 15 shades darker. Also, I think the templates and background images are terribly cheesy, but I can see that other people may like them. The slide-show feature is also something I personally would never use, but may be a nice feature for a novice.I agree with the other reviewers - this is definitely NOT intended to be a comprehensive photo editing tool. But even so, it has two or three features here are useful for photo editors at just about any level. I probably wouldn't have ordered it if I had fully understood its features, but now that I have it, I'll probably keep it and continue using it occasionally.Mainly, however, I think this is perfect for computer novices like my parents or grandparents, who want simple 1-click editing to remove red eye or minor blemishes. It's a very user-friendly program. At just $20, I can see that this would save my grandfather HOURS of wasted time trying to edit photos using other programs. So I give it 4-stars.
For my purposes, this software provides the easiest and simplist way to provide great photos.  Some say that there are better options for free out there but I haven't found any.  This software is great for quick and easy touch ups on photos that I use to post online.  Nana took photos of the grandkids that she wants to post on FB but everyone has glowing red eyes?  No problem.  I can quickly fix this and a few other problems with just one click of a button.This software offers a lot of 1 click button solutions for general fixes and fine tuning like whitening teeth, removing blemishes, brightening a dark photo and more.  Some of the editing takes a steady hand (teeth whitening) or you get the result over a much wider area then intended.  The search feature provided was not that great but since I don't use it, was not a factor.  Another great feature is the ability to back-up photos online to prevent loss of images.There are several other features included with this software.  There are photo projects to help make collages, scrapbook pages, greeting cards and calendars but the options are limited.  I would recommend this for beginners only and a different software for more detailed options for the serious crafter.  I did not choose to join all the online groups available through this software to share project ideas or finished products but it's nice to have the option.  I do not use this software for videos so I will not comment on that function.Overall, I recommend this to anyone who needs a quick, fast & adequate fix to their photos.  I use this all the time and love it, understanding that it does not always provide professional results but always gets the job done.
When considering buying a photo editor there are many choices.  I have been a long time user of Adobe Photoshop Elements and love the creativity and depth of options I have with that program.  Corel Photo Album 7 Deluxe is on great alternative to Photoshop Elements if you are looking for a more intuitive -- load and go type product Photo Album 7 Deluxe has:-  a wide range of editing options- a intuitive user interface- a catalogue system for organizing all your photos- a easy automatic system for downloading photos from a card or cameraPhoto Album 7 Deluxe has a wide range of editing tool that are easy to use; however, if you are willing to spend A LOT more time I'd recommend thinking about Adobe's Photoshop Elements.If what you are looking for though is a simple yet option filled editing and creative photo package Corel Photo Album 7 Deluxe is a good place to start.
I received this product from the Amazon Vine program. I've only briefly used it but based upon it's price and features as compared to other similar software this appears to be a very good value. I have not used it extensively but it does appear to be user friendly and pretty self-explanatory provided you've worked with some sort of Windows based photo editing software. If this is your first trial with this type of software I think it's a safe purchase. Read the other reviews though on this and the competing products. I am not an expert in this area and I haven't spent as much time working with photo editing as I should have over the years.However, to reiterate, based upon price, features, and ease of use I think this product is worth recommending.
Good product, does lots of great stuff, takes a bit of learning to master, but if you have the time, it's worth it.
This family friendly program is user friendly and will find you getting around to fix or alter photos in a creative way. The menus are easy to figure out without exhaustive trouble shooting. It has the capacity to alter photos and the typical things such as red eye reduction or transform to black and white or sepia.The card templates are juvenile but great for a novice.The accompanying manual is a nice simple readable book.It doesn't compare to the photoshop program I have but is student/family usable.I think it's a good program in general.
Photo Album 7 is a nice little program for those who lack the time and/or desire to edit photos idividually. It is great if you do not want to spend hundreds of dollars on either the CorelDraw suite or one of the many versions of Adobe CS3.I am a former user of the CorelDraw suite who has coverted (reluctantly) to the Adobe suite of products.  So you might want to take my criticisms with a grain of salt.Photo Album is one of those pieces of software that I call 80% software.  What I mean by that is Corel has scaled down the complexity of their PhotoPaint software to fit the needs of about 80% of the general users.  Like many software publishers Corel realized the majority of users did not want a full photo editing suite.  The basic user wants to be able to have one step fixes to exposure, be able to crop, and then do some cutesy tricks with their photos.  For that Photo Album is great.The first time I opened Photo Album the software immediate started to index all my photos.  Since I have over 25000 images in my My Documents folder this took quite some time.  I was not to thrilled with the way Photo Album organizes the photos.  One of the things it does is to place thumbnails of all the images in a strip at the bottom of the program.  When dealing with a large number of photos it becomes difficult to search through them.After the indexing was finished, I selected a few photos I had from a recent trip to the beach.  I selected these photos specifically because I had already edited them in PhotoShop and printed them.  I took original unedited versions of these photos and ran them through Photo Album.  I first used the "Quick Fix" feature to see how they would be altered.  Whilr the Quick Fix feature did deepen some of the washed out colors, I did find that it did not seem to do as good of a job as Adobe CS3.  Overall though it was fine and Photo Album allows you to make some adjustments to saturation and darkness as well as some other basic levels (but nowhere near the control as the expensive suite give you).I did find the randomize button a little goofy within the Quick Fix. Basically the randomize button is suppose to shuffle the sliders for the colors, hue, saturation, etc. and show you what the photo would look like.  I guess this is a fun way to see how the different levels affect your photos.The makeover tools are preset tools that will help portraits look better.  The Blemish tool will place a skin tone dab of color over an area (presumably a skin defect like pimples or wrinkles) with a blemish.  The toothbrush can be used to whiten areas and is not restricted to just teeth.  The suntan will darken an area to give it a deeper tone.  From a cursory test run these tools did function decently.Photo Album also comes with some fun things that Corel hopes will entice you to buy this program.  Picture tubes is a way to place a repeating GIF image on top of your photo.  You can add from a host of GIFs already in Photo Album such as flames, flower, butterflies.  This can be a liitle goofy, but can also serve the purpose of hiding unwanted areas of the photo.You also have the ability to create greeting cards scrapbooks and calendars (plus more) from preset templates.  If this is something you would want to do, then this feature alone may make this program worth while.  I don't do any photo printing from home, I use one of the online companies for printing (it tends to be cheaper and better quality).  I have the ability to create bound picture books and calendar that look like they were done professionally, so for me this would not be a feature I would use.Overall, for this price I don't think any beginning photo bug could go wrong buying this.  There are enough basic feature to keep you entertained and it is by no means overwhekming to learn.  In fact, most people will probably not even need to open the manual.
I ordered this product as an upgrade for my Adobe Photoshop Elements 2 program.  This is an improvement over the older program and one I would recommend to anyone who is starting out with digital photography.I like the more eye-friendly editing page.  Icons are easier to read.  More room is used for the actual work space for editing.There are some pitfalls, if they can be seen as pitfalls.Elements 7 requires more memory.  Elements 7 takes up 383MB whereas my Elements 2 takes up only 88MB.  People with older computers should take this into consideration; for owners of newer systems this should not be a problem.  (Microsoft Vista, for instance, takes over 4000MB).I enjoy the added features listed in the quick-fix pulldowns:  sky editing, erase features and other useful enhancements.  I am more of a photojournalist rather than an artist and don't need some of the features.  However, I do enjoy the quicker availabilty of these options.  The skin tones come out looking more natural than on my older Photoshop version and I don't have to do as many steps to achieve that natural look.One thing about Photoshop, though, that may irritate some people is that the owners manual that comes with the product requires thorough familiarity.  The icons alone may not explain well enough how the step-by-step options work.  For new owners of this system I highly recommend you read this manual from cover to cover and then practice some of the features.  Those with older programs this is easier done as the layouts haven't changed much from older versions.  Users of Elements 7 may find an additional purchase of an "Idiot's Guide" book to be more helpful than the enclosed manual.I would recommend this program for beginners and those looking for a good, basic, affordable photo editing program.
Some major and not-so-major changes to Photoshop Elements here in Version 7. Photoshop Elements is the almost-grownup version of Photoshop. For 90-plus percent of users, PSE has all you need to edit photographs, make digital art. Add in Photoshop Premiere Elements and handle videos, too.There are so many new features in version 7. One that stands out is the new "guided edit." If you are impatient to try out all the ways to modify a photo, you can learn then quickly using a guided edit. The try-it buttons lead you through a sequence of filters and adjustments (not always explaining them in detail, however) and you can get a relatively good result. For tweaking "your way", you'll have to learn the underlying techniques but for an on-the-fly method, this is a handy tool and a great way to dip into the huge array of tools. But some of the new guided edits won't help you learn how to do it on your own as they are script-based and some of these newfangled tricks only show up in guided edit, nowhere else.For those that use the selection brushes (a magic tool that selects similar color areas to allow you to recolor, delete or otherwise modify sections of pictures) there is now the ability to modify the selection with a plus-minus feature that is included in the brush control, not as a separate brush as in previous versions. I use the selection brush a lot to modify photos for visualizing paintings, and this is a nice improvement.The help has been greatly expanded; not only is the Adobe reader-based help available, but there is a new beta community-based (wiki-style) help as well.The photographic editing has been greatly enhanced for ease of use. For example, there are quick fixes, remove elements (dust, red glowing zombie eyes, poles sticking up in back of heads) and other desirable cures for photo problems. There are project guides for making artwork with an eye to the scrapbooking hobbyist.  There is an improved photomerge feature for group shots (that's handy.)I was certainly happy with the new text search box, which lets you search your for pictures by keywords, time, data, camera, and caption. If you've lost a picture and it's somewhere buried in your folders, you know how useful this can be.You can now back up your photos online, join a Photoshop community and download more easily to cell phones. Photoshop.com membership offers a lot of ways to share photos, including one I found intriguing; if you keep your photos on your desktop and travel with a laptop, you can access the server at Photoshop.com and have access to photos you don't have with you. (Conversely, I can think of a case when I was traveling in a remote place and was downloading photos to the laptop.  I would have appreciated an easy way to upload them all somewhere else for safekeeping.)  There are also album templates for online sharing, similar to Flickr and Photobucket. The online part of PSE is really the biggest addition to the new version. While I did find a lot of the editing slicker in the revamped organizer, the basic program is very much the same.Why should you bother with Photoshop.com if you use other online photo management systems? Existing users and new ones get free, basic membership plans with 2GB of storage. The 'Plus' plan is sold on its own for $50 per year or bundled with the desktop software for $140 and has 20GB of space and you can also store videos. The online membership allows you to sync with some applications in PSE7 and to do phone picture management. Right now, the phone feature is uploading and sharing, but in future, there may be a mobile version for more photo manipulation. (I use my cell phone just for calls and the occasional peep at the news; apparently phones are becoming pretty advanced--when they have one that dispenses a decent espresso, I'll think about it.)In summary: if you are a new user to Photoshop Elements, there are many enhancements for communication and sharing as well as better help. If you are a current user, you might want to think if you need the latest bells and whistles. If you are a home-based PSE user, there might not be enough to tempt you. But if you share a lot of pictures and want a faster way to do some of the photo manipulation, PSE7 could be great for you. Remember, if you want macros (scripts of frequently-used sequence of keystrokes) and if you need to access information on PANTONE,  CMYK and other printer's color functions, Photoshop Creative Suite --the original full program, is what you need to use.
When you start up PSE7, you're at the photo sharing login screen that takes plenty of time to load. Then choose what you want to do, and it takes another forever to load another window. I find the photo sharing part exceedingly distracting. The rest of PSE7 is fairly decent.I've got to give Adobe some credit for the "organize" part of the software, which I find quite versatile and very simple to use. It's easy on the eyes too. You can organize by category, by rating, by date or you can search text that may appear either in image titles or information natively embedded within or attached to the file. It's well done.The editor is fairly impressive, yet lacking at the same time. The responsiveness and optimization of the underlying routines of the tools are great but there seems to be just enough left out of the program to leave you wanting more (Photoshop). There are text type masks, but I've found no mask layers, for example.PSE7 is ideal for the person who makes wreaths and sews and stuff in the craft room. One who takes crafting seriously would love PSE7 and its many project templates, its impressive, perhaps even unmatched number of included effects and plug-in filters, and its feature set.If you're the serious pixel mover and you don't care about all the frilly craft things, and consistent workflow is important to you, you might not be as impressed as you might expect. I find loading multiple programs to act as windows [organize and edit], and being reminded to sign up for photo sharing services very counterproductive.My aging [Fujitsu N3010] laptop runs much hotter after having installed this program.I do recommend PSE7 as an additional tool in your digital arsenal if you don't mind plunking down the cash, but don't get your hopes up too high if you're considering it as your primary tool unless you make use of all of the specific creative conveniences that this program provides.
I like Photoshop Elements. I've always considered it a good option for photographers who haven't spent the many, many hours needed to learn the full version of Photoshop. That's not to mention the extra $560 the full version will set you back.I've taught Photoshop at a local college since 2000 and use it in my graphic design business. There are real advantages to having the pro version, for pros. However, there are some real disadvantages, too. I see person after person come into my classes having paid the full price for the full version. With very, very few exceptions these people don't push their program hard enough to exceed Element's limitations and probably never will. There seems to be the mind set that because these people have spend a bundle on their cameras and lenses they "need" the "better" version of Photoshop. They don't. Elements can handle a huge percentage of photo editing and design jobs. You may have to use a different tool than what you're used to but can usually achieve identical results. A better camera can produce better photos. Photoshop CS- whatever isn't a better photo editing program. The underlying graphics engine is identical in both programs. Elements just has a simpler interface. If you think that Photosho Elements is complicated, try learning CS4.To prove my point to a professional photographer friend I had him come up with a dozen photos. He edited them in CS3 and I used Elements 7. Our results were different on a couple of the images but that wasn't due to Elements but that my interpretation was different from his. Even he agreed.That said my recommendation is that if you are getting serious about editing your photos, start with Elements. It will save you a ton of scratch and the vast majority of what you learn will be easily transferable to the full program. If you find that you outgrow Elements some day you haven't lost anything. Chances are that Photoshop will have a new version out and even the upgrade for Photoshop is half again as expensive as Elements at full retail.As to the value of this version of Elements. Some people have written that they find it slower than previous ones. Maybe they had an earlier version of Elements. I haven't found that to be the case on my pretty middle of the road computer. Are the new tools worth the cost? That's a tougher question. If you have version 4 or earlier, absolutely. Version 5, I'd say yes. Version 6? Probably. I usually skip a version when upgrading.There are some new tools that are nice. The Adobe Photoshop.com isn't too compelling. I've been on Flickr for years and don't plan to move off. Adobe's site doesn't offer an real advantages for me.The Scene Cleaner and Smart Brush are both very useful tools. The Action Player lets me run pre-recorded Photoshop actions in Elements. That's not quite like making my own, but there are hundreds, possibly thousands of pre-recorded Photoshop actions available for download. Actions can perform automated changes to your images and can be quite usefulOther tools, like the Blue Sky brush have limited functionality. Painting a blue sky over water is easy and cool. Doing so over trees or any complicated horizon is a total pain. The Whiter Teeth brush is handy, though that wasn't that hard to accomplish before. But keeping with Elements' philosophy of simplifying photo editing, I can see that it is an obvious inclusion. And the Surface Blur tool, well don't get too excited about it.Adobe's Photo Organizer is still an excellent tool, though I would have liked to see Adobe include Bridge instead, as they did in the Mac version of Elements.Adobe includes some guided activities like creating holiday cards and scrapbooks with Elements. If that appeals to you, there are wizards that guide you through the activities. The results aren't quite professional looking but probably better than most people could achieve on their own.
This was my first time using Adobe Photoshop Elements, as I am typically a Corel user.  This is excellent for those professional shots, unlike with Paint Shop Pro.  I haven't been a huge fan of Photoshop, probably because it was a little intimidating, but I do love Elements.  It's a great program with everything necessary to do my edits.  Nice!
The biggest difference between Photoshop Elements 6 and 7 seems to be that PSE7 gives the user a direct interface to the Photoshop website.  You can store up to 2Gb of photos on their website for free, after that it will cost another $49 per year to increase your storage to 20Gb.  There are additional levels available that provide even more storage and premium templates if you want to pay extra.The first thing you'll notice when you open PSE7 is the huge, center screen ad promoting Plus Membership; the actual functions are buried on the tool bar.  As I was playing around with some test pictures, I continually found myself clicking on options that would take me to the website where they could be performed for additional cost.  If you don't subscribe as a Plus Member, the program will beat you over the head with reminders.  You can turn off the partner ads under Edit - Preferences, but there are still a lot paths that lead you to premium content.  The interface to Photoshop's website enables PSE7 to provide "inspiration pods" that fly in to suggest tutorials.  Some of the tutorials are free others are premium.  The tutorial index doesn't identify which ones have added cost.Also disappointing was PSE7 still has the same dark, charcoal gray background that I disliked on PSE6.  My eyes feel very tired and strained reading light letters on a dark background.  The new version has a slider bar so you can make the background a somewhat lighter shade of gray, but you're not going achieve a white background with dark letters.There are some subtle changes to the editing functions.  Nothing you couldn't do with PSE6, but there are slight enhancements:There is a new text search function that lets you look for specific photos by key words, dates, camera info, etc.  If you know which photo you want to find, it's nice not to have to scroll through a lot of other pictures to find it.PSE7 also has a Photomerge enhancement, Scene Cleaner.  This allows you to edit out part of the background if you have another photo containing elements you can use to replace the edited out piece in the first photo.  For example, you have two shots of Mom in front of the Eiffel Tower.  One shot of Mom is terrific, but someone walked through as you were taking the picture.  You can use Scene Cleaner to take out the intruder and grab the missing part of the Eiffel Tower from another shot to fix the background.Guided Edit, which is a wizard that lets you do automated fixes or make adjustments with slider bars, has a couple of new features like old-fashioned picture and a pencil sketch filter.Quick Edit Touch Up now groups together functions like Red Eye Fix, Teeth Whitener, Make Dull Sky Blue, and High Contrast Black and White.The Smart Brush allows you to choose from 50 presets to adjust color, make touch ups, or apply special effects.  Some of these are suntan, lipstick, bright eyes, photo negative.PSE7 also supports more raw camera formats than previous versions.Photoshop Elements 7 installed easily on my Windows XP laptop.  It was less than ten minutes from taking the install disk from the box to opening the program.PSE7 is a very good photo editing package with some built in annoyances.  If you are using PSE5 or PSE6 you can probably skip this one. However, if you have a much older version you may want to take the plunge.Three and a half stars.
After using Pinnacle products for years, we decided to try Adobe Premiere 7 Elements for video editing.  Having used other Adobe home products, like Photoshop Elements, we were familiar with much of Adobe's format.The video loaded over from our MiniDV camera with ease.  I found the Adobe software to be more intuitive than the Pinnacle software.  We haven't explored its full features yet, but setting up basic family video DVDs is pretty quick.It runs great on our Vista 64 machine (a quad core system).  Give it a whirl.
This version seven is an update on version 4 (they skipped 5 and 6) and it is very similar in look and feel with just a few changes.Version 4 ran smoothly and this does too, I have made a few videos with this version seven quite effortlessly and though I did not use all the effects available I used titles and transitions etc added music and narration without any problems.Rendering is a little slow but acceptable but I am really surprised that  the upload-to-Youtube feature is still preset to MED (which still stands for mediocre)but works well. Too bad that Adobe did not take the time to fix this annoying bug. It's easy to get around this though, just save the video of your choice as Adobe Flash at a higher resolution (staying under 1gig) and upload it from your computer to the Youtube site. Youtube still limits you to 10 minutes but now allow for file sizes up to 1 gig, the Adobe upload feature restricts you to 100 mb for some unknown reason.Taking this fault into account, I deducted 1 star from what would have been a 5 star rating.In my opinion this is still the best video editing software in its price range and well worth the money but if you already have version 4, version 7 is not to die for!
"Adobe Premier Elements 7" is a fairly good BASIC movie making package with some great effects and transitions, but has a high learning curve for what you get. Having used two other versions of Premier Elements, I was able to get the software installed and working with little trouble but I'm not sure that someone new to video software would have the same luck. The software has a lot of great features, once you get used to using the interface, including:* Easy upload to YouTube* Chromakey ("Green Screen") support* Tons of effects and transitions* Great Theme templates (be sure to install them from the CD menu)* SmartSound automatic music scoring (really nice)There are also some things I really do not like:* The opening menu always shows the "photoshop" online site invitation and login screen* The editing controls are hard to navigate on most of the tools (text is very badly handled)* The timeline is too simplistic and makes working with multiple clips very hardIf you are upgrading from an older version, you will have no problem picking this one up and running.If you are new video editor looking for a fairly basic editing package and have a lot of time to learn this program, this package will allow you to make some very impressive movies. Otherwise you might want to considerSony Vegas Movie Studio 9 Platinum Pro Pack(my favorite) orPinnacle Studio Ultimate Version 12(also a very good entry level package).I can recommend "Adobe Premier Elements 7", but only for existing users of previous versions of the software or people with some video editing experiance and some learnig time on their hands.
I've been a user of Adobe's Element line since Photoshop Elements 1.  I was thrilled when they added Premiere Elements and have used all previous versions.  Probably the two biggest additions that come out in Premiere Elements 7 is support for AVCHD (including 5.1 sound) and the new [...] web site.  Another minor change is, adding media into Premiere Elements is easier as the look has changed slightly but in a way that makes access much easier.I had some initial problems with the install that I don't have completely ironed out.  I had to remove my old version of Premier Elements to improve stability.  Fortunately, Adobe has excellent technical support at their web site.  Adobe's web site is full of lots of great information about their product and I highly recommend it for trouble shooting and general information.As a companion to Premiere Elements 7 I highly recommendThe[...] Guide to Adobe Premiere Elements 7: The tools, and how to use them, to create great videos on your personal computerby Steve Grisetti.This product has a very steep learning curve; however I have also found in previous version that the struggle in learning the product was well worth it.  I have not found a consumer level product that offers as many features and flexibility that this product has.
I'm new to this Adobe program, though not totally new to making my own DVD's. I've used Windows movie maker, Photo Studio and Roxio before trying this. I've also used the audio editing program Audacity. I can't seem to change my star rating, or I would have given it 3 stars instead of 4 due to how abstruse it is.I tried wading through the thick user manual, but found it quicker (and made a lot more sense) to go to [...] where they have tutorials for other Adobe products.  Those other products may not be exactly the same, but there is enough similarity that the information is helpful. Many of the pictures in the black and white manual are too small or too dark, making it difficult to distinguish features.  The instructions leave out important steps, and there is no glossary or trouble-shooting guide.  They probably would have had to make it a Bible-sized manual to include all of that.  They offer those things on-line instead, but they still leave a lot to be desired.This program reminds me a lot of "Audacity," only for video. Adobe is apparently known for having programs which are difficult to learn, and are "memory hogs." This program is no exception. I was able to get this to run, but it runs VERY slow and somewhat buggy. After a while, it crashed, despite having a PC that exceeded system requirements. It took nearly 20-25 minutes for the "full" install.It is a powerful tool for making home movies, no question, just as Audacity is a powerful tool for editing audio.  I like that I can "trim" movie clips to show just what I want, without losing the original clip to the recycle bin.  I was also able to change text and clips on the fly, without having to completely "start over" again, but they don't make it obvious as to how you can do that.  I have yet to try the "chroma" key feature (similar to blue screen), but I intend to as soon as I figure out how to apply it.  I just hope I can try it without the program crashing again.This program does a lot of things also similar to Windows "movie maker," but not similar enough  to be intuitive.I chose the "full install," but it really didn't have enough "generic" themes to be useful.  I wanted a generic "sports" theme, but all they had were certain sports (baseball, soccer, etc) that didn't cover the sport I wanted to feature (volleyball.) The "extreme sports" theme wasn't generic enough for my purposes.  The features provided made it look like it was a "watered down" version of something much bigger. So where's the rest of it?It took a while to learn that you have to edit individual clips BEFORE you add them to the "movie" or your edits won't "stick."Plan on several hours of learning in order to use this program to its fullest.  It's compatible with nearly every imaginable video format which is a real plus.  It gives you nearly total control, another plus.  It is sophisticated software, and too memory intensive.  It might have benefited from a little more "dumbing down" in the features to make it a bit more user-friendly.  There were many times when instead of adding new scenes, it simply attached all my clips onto each other in one giant scene, which is NOT what I wanted.  Attempts to split it up failed.
I thought I had reviewed this but apparently not.  I use Adobe products on a daily basis.  While this product is the pared down version of the Adobe Premiere product it provides excellent tools to make home movies.  Some of the tools are a bit cumbersome and require some trial and error to get things correct but once you get the hang of it things get better pretty fast.  Really, the key to any of these products is in the way the video is taken.  When you take long segments they are a little harder to blend and manipulate.  I have compared this application to the Corel product and found Corel to be easier to use and provides a bit more flexibility.  Sony Vegas has more tools but is equally difficult to work with.  I also own Pinnacle Studio which is easier than any of these products to use but has some limitations that the others don't. All that being said I still like the product and will use it for those video tasks that it works best on.  I guess what I am trying to say is the right tool for all tasks may not exist in one package.
I liked some things a lot about Premiere Elements 7, but I also found the program somewhat difficult to work with.  As far as making videos for the purpose of posting on youtube, it gets the job done.  There is a cool little feature called 'Instant Movie' which basically allows you to throw a decent video together quickly - after you've chosen video shots, you choose a theme and the program puts it together with cool transitions and effects.  It is kind of a cookie-cutter way to do it, avoiding creative ingenuity somewhat, but the results are interesting in a haphazard, random way.  The themes are limited to 22 included in the software but additional themes can be downloaded.Another feature analyzes your video footage and judges whether some shots are unusable due to low quality.  It is called Smart Tag, but honestly it is of course based entirely on what the software is programmed to recognize as acceptable. In other words, it isn't really necessary if you were going for a shaky, dark look with certain pieces of video footage.  But if you do want the technical quality of your material analyzed, this can be a handy option.Another thing I found very nice is the music libraries containing royalty-free music.  There are a lot of choices included for using as soundtracks to your videos - if they are to be uploaded to youtube, for example, it avoids copyright issues.This is a quality program well suited for inexperienced video makers who want to be able to throw together short clips without a huge amount of prior knowledge of video editing.
I have never edited video before in my life, nor have I researched any video editing programs. With half my brain tied behind my back, leaving the software manual completely sealed-- and nothing up my sleeve-- I installed this program and made my first video in one afternoon. One reason that I picked this up so quickly is that I have used graphics and 3D programs for years, and I have a good instinct for where to find the functions I want. If you need software that will do everything for you, this isn't a good choice. If you're willing to roll up your sleeves and work a little, you can make great, professional-looking videos with Premiere Elements.The program took a long time to install-- so long that I had to step away from it several times, AND it required a restart. On some machines the program will lag, and if you're running on Vista you already have a hateful relationship with that stupid little circle that goes round and round forever. It didn't crash, but a couple of times I thought it would. I would advise Windows users to exceed the minimum requirements for operation, and run it on XP if you can.Nearly everything is drag and drop. The challenge sometimes is finding what you want to drag, whether it's a certain transition, or changing text. I've never found Adobe interfaces to be particularly intuitive, and this one is no exception. What's obvious to Adobe and experienced users is not so cut and dry for beginners. This is what makes Help so important. The online-only Help is inexcusable. As easy as the program is, at some point you'll have to check Help for SOMEthing, but if you have no internet connection you're out of luck. It was also slow, and didn't link keywords and phrases like even some of the most basic programs I've had. I don't understand the apparent lack of MP4 support, either. MP4 imports are hopelessly out of sync about half the time, with no apparent way to fix it.But what about results? I've got some slick videos for my family, and it didn't take me any time at all to do them. I've got music, transitions, credits, titles, and it was a lot easier than taping together pieces of film. This is a good product for a beginner who typically has a shorter learning curve on computers in general, or an intermediate user who is new to Premiere Elements, or not upgrading from 4.
Overall, Adobe Premiere Elements 7 is a great program for the casual video enthusiast. Having used Premiere Elements 4 for a while, this new version is a nice step up. One of the most useful features is what Adobe calls "Smart Tagging," which makes it easier to organize and use video clips. A new feature is the ability to make composite videos, which uses a kind of "green screen" means to isolate a person or object from one scene to use in another. The program also includes more dramatic effects for scene transitions. Many people will be tempted to over-use some of these novel features before realizing that they can quickly become annoying to viewers. One of the most useful features in this program enables the user to drag-and-drop scenes into place or move to a new position. I found Premiere Elements 7 to be fairly intuitive and easy to use. The learning curve is not as steep as it is forPremiere Pro CS4(nor is it as expensive), and for most users this program will provide more than enough features to keep things interesting for some time to come. I highly recommend this version for the typical user.
'Adobe Photoshop Elements & Premiere Elements 7' is another great product from one of the greatest software companies in the world.  If you need both Elements packages you should look no further than this great deal!  My only qualm would be if you already have version 6 then upgrading will not get you much more by going to version 7.  Some users have complained about the bloated size of these applications but I have a hard time giving the thumbs down for the great Adobe brand!Good stuff!!**** RECOMMENDED
Adobe Photoshop Elements and Premiere Elements lite versions of the standard applications for professional image and video editing. I have been a user of the full-powered (and much more expensive) versions of  Adobe Photoshop & Premier for more than 10 and 5 years, respectively. Basically, Photoshop Elements & Premiere Elements are toned down, easier to use, and mildly less powerful versions of the full versions of the software. BUT, unless you used the full versions, I bet you'd never know it.I am very pleasantly surprised at just how powerful the Elements software is. For most users, this is all you'll need and all you'll ever need for Photo and Video editing. The application makes it easy to do things as simple as remove red-eye and resize your image to adjusting the lighting, applying digital effects, and much more. On the video side, it is simple (more simple than in the full version, but not as simple as the super basic video editing program my grandma uses) and yet powerful. Editing audio, applying transitions, overlaying effects, and even blue screen is all possible with a learning curve much less steep than with the full versions of the software.I did not spend much time using the organizing and web-based portions of the software, so I cannot speak to those areas.Overall, I recommend Photoshop & Premiere Elements to any non-professional, mildly computer saavy individual who uses the computer for photo & video editing & storage.
I have to confess that I haven't had access to the full version of either Premiere or Photoshop in 6 or 7 years, but this home version of Adobe's video and photo editing software is nothing short of stunning.  I had needed for a while a better than the bare bones programs that came with my camcorder and digital camera and this considerably more than exceeds my needs.  Frankly, both of these programs do vastly more than I need them to do.  I've learned only a portion of what each program is capable of doing.  Users with more advanced needs may discover a point where they are limited, but I can't imagine many users short of professionals sensing any sort of lack in the products.My lone complaint is that when starting the software up, it takes you to an Internet interface.  This is both undesirable and unhelpful feature.  I wouldn't mind if you had the option of going online to use the product, but I don't want to start off there.  I haven't bothered to think through the logic of it, but it may be a way of banning unauthorized installations.  Whatever the reason, it seriously mars what would otherwise be a near perfect pair of programs.  I dock the software a star for this feature.Still, if the initial interface doesn't bother you, this is a surprising full featured pair of programs that should meet the need of all but the most advanced videographers and photographers.
This is very powerful program. In many ways it is a bargain in that it has most of the elements of its big brother. As usual one can do almost anything with this issue. One of the biggest pluses is that almost all the plug-ins from other manufactures always are made to work with photoshop.  I still find the interface less than intuitive but clearly recognize its power.
While I'm not sure it's worth the price, it does do what it's supposed to do. If you're really paranoid about dangerous websites messing up your computer, you should change your browser settings or add a Firefox plugin that will prevent Javascript from running, but this is one additional measure of protection you might consider.
I have had the free version of this on my computer for at least a couple of years. That one has saved me from several bad web sites and has been well worth installing it. I didn't really think that the full version would be that much different but it is. When having it running while doing a search, in the results it will tell the safe sites from the bad and catch about 90% or more of the bad ones. So if you do a lot of surfing and looking up stuff this will help guide you away from the bad sites that can damage your computer.Some of the other reviewers say that they cant see any use for it for advanced Internet users, but anybody can stumble into a bad site and not know it, even the pros. And although I don't like any of the other McAfee programs, (there antivirus program that was with my MSN DSL slowed my computer down to a crawl and missed a lot of stuff that some of the free antivirus programs like AVG picked up on) I do like this one and recommend it for all Internet users. For only $20 its a cheap safety net that works.
'McAfee Site Advisor Plus 2009' is an application that helps you on your internet travels from avoiding the pitfalls that could happen without said tool being around.  From helping to identify phishing issues to warnings about sites that are up to no good, this is a great resource to have installed if you want to make your surfing safer and more efficient.  Great for computer newbies that need an extra layer of protection, this is a great resource to have!!**** RECOMMENDED
This software, installation and use are basic and uncomplicated.Three simple icons rate a website's safety. They are :1. safe2. caution3. warningIt's and easy and reliable way of protecting your computer and personal information that I definitely recommend as a precaution to keeping on the safe side of the internet.
Since this product has been reviewed fairly extensivel [and accurately] then I will keep it short and to the point. The product works well, does what it is meant to do, performs within reasonable expectations - not terribly slow (although it certainly doesn't speed things up the overall drain wasn't terrible]. Basically a solid bit of software for a good price.On the other hand, as some others have already mentioned, depending upon what you are running this might be a duplicate. Like others, I have basic web security so thought the plus would work even better...frankly, I didn't really notice much of a difference whatsoever. If for some reason, you don't have web security bundled with your firewall or anti-virus or other packaged software then this is a good option...but if you are like most people then you may already own it so don't pay more for an entirely new program.Bottom line - check to see if you really need it before buying.
I admit that I was worried about installing this software.  Would it make it impossible to go to my banking sites (I have had security updates that have all of a sudden caused problems with sites I know and trust?  Would it be effective?  Would it come up too often or be intrusive and annoying?So I installed it on the computer that the kids (the 20 year olds) use most often and I use least often!Well, I must admit that I am surprised.  I have had no problems accessing sites I typically use.  The few times I have had the site advisor come up it has been for sites that I am familiar with and trust.What I am hoping for moving forward is that it will slow down the 20-somethings of the house from getting all sorts of junk on the computer.  So far no complaints from them.  And in the past month no things that I needed to go in and fix.This program installed easilyHas run smoothly in the background with no slowing of the systemHas not interfered with general surfingAnd gives the 20 somethings in the house a moment to think before they go to that site they are all so hot to go to.
This was my first time setting up and using McAfee Site Advisor, and first impressions were very good. Setup was a breeze and Site Advisor has worked as advertised, giving me a heads up on any potential issues with websites and links. The greatest thing about Site Advisor is it's perfect for inexperienced internet users who may otherwise easily end up allowing spyware/viruses or other unwanted content onto their computers. Site Advisor prevents problems from happening, which is a lot better than trying to deal with the problems after they've happened. I would highly recommend this product.
This product installed quickly and easily. It runs without a hitch and does what it's supposed to do.ns It appears to have made my web surfing safe and manageable.The color code at the bottom of screen is a pleasant reminder it is working. I really think this program works to keep my brousing a more protected experience. Not earth shattering but does what it says it will.
VideoStudio Pro X2 installed with bonus materials in about 20 minutes on a newer HP Quad processor desktop, with 4GB of memory and 64-bit Vista. After installing the software I rebooted the machine and opened the software without having other programs running, per the suggestions recommendations on p.15 of the User Guide. It took 7 seconds for the software to load completely and it seemed to run fairly smoothly while capturing video from two different video sources. The program did freeze when I tried to check my email (opening Outlook) during this process.According to the users guide it is possible to export video files to an ipod using this software. I tried to get a video file to do this, but the directions for what type of file are unclear in the guide so it will take me a few more tries to figure it out. I do look forward to this though!Designed to output movies to HD including Blu-ray and standard formats for mobile devices and YouTube, this software promises to be a powerful, all-in-one software package. Does it deliver? I honestly think it would take months to adequately play with this before giving a well-educated opinion on the subject. I love that it can handle Blu-ray and AVCHD formats, but will I ever learn how to do it? Full Dolby Digital 5.1 surround audio is great, but unless I have a high end capture...will it work? I don't know.Lots and lots of bonus audio, backgrounds and video add-ons were part of this package. It will take me time to figure out how to put all the parts together, but I think once I do this program will be alot of fun.I did use VideoStudio 11 Plus on an XP machine and found it sluggish and frustrating to use. I have high hopes that this Pro version will make capturing and rendering much easier and bring more fun to the process once I learn the program. It certainly has more than enough video editing 'ta-da' for this user, and should not be obsolete for several years to come.
Look. I'm a book person, not a techno-geek. My wife and I have about thirty years worth of home movies, mostly on eight millimeter tape, some digital. These are stored in green stackable boxes by my wife's desk. And we have a LOT of them.I couldn't care less at this point about blue-ray or becoming the next Stephen Spielberg. I just want a stack of DVD's of our precious home movies to share with my kids and grandkids.This product does the trick. It is easy to use, with no problems on our two Vista-driven desktops at home. I would highly recommend this product.
I gave this a good try out over the weekend, I have previously used Pinnacle Studio, Ulead, and Premier Elements and found this to be a pretty easy program to use.It was easy to install, the instruction manual was easy to follow (though the print is a bit small for my 50 year old eyes!) and it rendered a 20 minute video surprisingly fast.I originally tried it on my new Gateway laptop and it seemed to hang up, especially when adding titles, but on my year old HP, it works just fine (not sure why that would be)The transitions between scenes work good, titles easy to insert (takes a minute or two to learn how to edit them) and within an hour of installing on my HP laptop, I had produced my first video DVD. The quality of the video was very good and it played smoothly. The are a myriad of output (sharing) options which is a big plus.This is easily comparable to Pinnacle Studio though Premier Elements 4 in my opinion is somewhat better if you are more experienced (PE 3 was not as good)If you are a novice looking for a first video editing program, this is a good choice!
I thought this was a great product, but many of its tools were beyond my needs and capabilities.  I am sure power users will fully realize the awesome potential of this product!
Disclaimer: I'm not a video-editing expert by any means, and I wasn't looking for something to rival Final Cut. I just needed a piece of software that would allow me to edit video snippets into a professional package for pub quizzes I put together weekly. I also wanted a decent DVD maker that wouldn't choke on mysterious codecs. To that end, I needed something simple and reliable. I didn't need the bells and whistles some might. For my purposes, this app works very well.It has more of a learning curve than I expected. It has more features than less expensive editing apps I've tried so the interface is more complicated than I needed. But I think most users will like the app's extended functionality. I do wish the instructional booklet were more user-friendly. I had to go online to troubleshoot most of the time.That being said, once I got my editing method down the app was great for what I needed. The resulting videos are high in quality. The sound features and the transition filters in particular add a professional sheen to my work. And the app outputs and/or converts my video files to many different formats pretty cleanly.If you've got some v-editing experience under your belt, you'll probably jump right in. In general, I really like Corel apps and I haven't been too disappointed with this one.
Video Studio is relatively easy to use and is much more affordable than many other video editors. It works with video in a variety of formats, including  . I didn't use/need some of the more sophisticated features (e.g. masks, animation) but appreciated the ability to color correct and adjust the brightness (nothing, unfortunately, on any program, can really correct for backlighting errors so I don't fault this software for not performing miracles with some of my bad footage.) It was relatively easy to have sound mixed from two different sources and the counters were easy to use for both video and audio. Storyboarding the various segments worked well, especially as my film preference is "clean and linear"--stable camera, not lots of jump cuts, just smooth sequences which were no problem at all, including trimming unwanted pieces out and fading in and out with both video and sound.Just be prepared if you've never worked with an editor before that saving and burning the dvd takes a long time, but if you just want to burn what you filmed, without edit, Corel lets you make a dvd directly and quickly. You can also choose to burn in blu-ray or HD and format specifically for Youtube. The best part, for me, was that it's possible to do all of the above without reading through a manual.
Every once in a while I get involved in a video project for work or for family, and I have used a couple of video editing and DVD authoring programs. The Corel VideoStudio X2 application is one of the better tools I've used. It compiles DVD's and menus relatively quick, and has many video authoring and editing features that are powerful, yet intuitive. I have only scratched the surface of what this program offers, but so far I like what I see.
It took me many hours before I was even able to start using this software well. My first install was onto a machine runnings Windows Vista 64-bit. Even working with a short video loaded from myFlip Video, the program was susceptible to hangs of 30-60 seconds and sudden crashes with complete loss of data. Then I load it on a 32-bit (standard) windows computer and none of those problems occurred. Based on searches on the internet and other reviews here, it doesn't seem like my problems are isolated. This is unfortunate since extra RAM really helps when video editing, and you can't utilize more than 3 GB of RAM without 64-bit Vista. I have seen people report that they haven't had issues with 64-bit vista, but based on my experience I simply say: buyer beware.But...running on 32 bit, this program worked great. I think it is simple and intuitive enough that with a little bit of time, even those who wouldn't consider themselves very computer literate could learn it. Compared to many of the simpler programs, Corel VideoStudio Pro X2, has many more features to make a professional-looking video. Nevertheless, I do not like the interface of VideoStudio or workflow as much asAdobe Premiere Elements 8. So my personal preference is Elements.For a brand new user, however, with no exposure to video editing, I think that Corel VideoStudio will be easier to learn and easier to navigate than any other fuller featured video editor I know of. Recommended with the above caveats.
Want to grab some video from a DVD, or your web cam, or your video cam, edit it and produce a DVD? You can definitely do that here. This suite has most of the video editing bells and whistles you're looking for, and a few that might pleasantly surprise you.One example is the upload to Youtube option that allows you to cobble together your cut and upload and share directly on the web.Beginners will want to stick to the wizards for putting together party videos and the like. More advances users can go to the non-linear editing suite to do their work. A bunch of transitions and effects are included.Despite the "Pro" moniker, this is not a professional suite, but a good consumer one. You can work with a number of file formats, and do some advanced stuff, but don't expect to produce broadcast-quality video here.I had some trouble pulling in flash video in FLV format that I haven't been able to work around yet, but I can overlook this for now. It would be nice if the suite had a feature to capture FLV directly from the web, but that's probably asking too much.Above all, this is a nice package that will give the owners of video cameras a way to produce a polished, edited package.
I've been trying for almost a month to get a video made with this software. It is not as screen friendly for those who have NEVER done any such task. I am sure if you have made video's in the past it is a snap for you. I made a video to share here,but:Well I will have to keep trying I cannot seem to get it to upload hopefully soon. This is a great product just a user who has no experience but will be getting it as the user guide is quite complete.The one little try I did manage to get together is okay but with practice I will improve. You do have to use the substantial user guide if you are like me and have no experience.It has so many professional fasects to it I am a bit out of my league and overwhelmed. I do however want to master making my own professional DVD;s so I will continue.I am going to try and upload my first attempt to show you even someone like me can get it done. It is just a few things that are important to me my dogs, nature and a campfire. Tried 3 times no luck will keep at it.So if you are cluless on making videos then take the time and read the guide and you will do fine. Computer techs it will be A++ wounderful and exciting for you.
Wow - this is a good one! This video editor is a great choice for those with underpowered PCs, and a pretty good choice for those with fast systems, too!Video is moving to high definition faster than a dog to a doughnut. So which do you buy first: a new HD camcorder, or a powerful new computer on which to edit its footage?Its updated Smart Proxy editing feature lets you create a lower-resolution version of a project that you can use to make edits, apply effects, and create menus, and when you're satisfied with how it looks, you tell the application to pull in the high-resolution source files to create the finished movie.While the image quality isn't great in Smart Proxy mode, you can see well enough to apply effects; in addition, you can scrub back and forth in the timeline with no lag, and files play quickly and smoothly. In other words, you can use the program just as easily as you could with standard-definition video (and perhaps even more easily, because the proxy-mode footage is at a lower resolution than most standard-resolution footage). Even in the middle of a project, you can easily enable and disable the Smart Proxy mode by clicking a button on the timeline.But I did find one timeline feature in VideoStudio that I really like: When you drag one clip into the timeline on top of another, VideoStudio will automatically insert your default transition, and you can set the length of the transition by adjusting the clips' overlapping points. It's a neat new time saver.VideoStudio X2 has a slightly better range of features than Elements, and VideoStudio's tools are easier to see than Elements'. Elements still has a few unique features that I like--for example, better timeline features. I'd say VideoStudio X2 is the better choice if you have an underpowered PC, and Elements gets the nod for those with fast PCs. Great for those into editing with detail.
I really was not sure if I would be able to do full justice to this product because I am really an amateur at editing.I have a baby coming now and just for that reason started to use get familiar with my Camcorder.I started with uploading movies I made of the birds and bees and my dearest hubby and myself.Firstly...I realized as most softwares installation was a snap.The manual that comes with it also guides incase ur a newbieOnce you add the movie clip u decide to edit...u will notice that the commands are easy and intuitive. U can add ..delete..even exchange clips making the movie seem done professionally.I had used movie maker ealier..but was only frustrated with it and steered clear from the same.What i like best about this is the quality of the movie is not compromised..U can keep the HD videos as HD and dont have to compromise on that front.Also this can be used with Blu ray which give it an edge over other editing softwares.Definitely a worthy investment. And the rebate makes it even more affordable.
All video editing programs with any muscle and flexibility have a learning curve and take time to figure out.  That said I am impressed at how fast I've been able to learn Corel Video Studio Pro.This program installed quickly and easily with no problem on my computer running Vista.I put in a high definition clip and it had no problem handling the clip 30 minute clip.The menus are easy to navigate and very intuitive.I was able to quickly add rolling credits at the end and adjust length and tempo to fit my needs.Sound editing was simple though does not seem to have as many options as I typically like; however, as I use this program more I may discover the flexibility I am looking for.Rendering seemed to happen much quicker than with other video programs I have worked with.  I was surprised at how quickly my 30 minute video was rendered and burned to disk.For a video editing program that is feature rich yet at the same time easy to jump into and use this is an excellent choice.  I suspect that as I use it more I may be giving up my previous video editing software for Corel Video Studio Pro.I'm impressed!
VideoStudio Pro is a lot of fun to use and easily converts video into a multitude of formats.Note to Video8/Digital 8 users:  I'm in the process of converting my old camcorder movies into digital format.  I have a Sony Digital8 video camera that also plays old Video8 tapes.  VideoStudio is able to easily import video via a firewire cable for the newer, Digital8 tapes.  However, VideoStudio cannot import Video8 tapes using the firewire cable.  I contacted customer service and was informed that they are in the process of fixing this issue.  Windows video import is able to capture my Video8 recordings.  Once the Video8 recordings have been imported, I can edit them with VideoStudio.I am completely new to video editing and found VideoStudio very simple to use.  I did not need to consult the manual since the software seemed self explanatory.  VideoStudio can detect video clips and easily allows the user to clip video as desired.For DVD creation, VideoStudio makes it easy to create menus and chapters and then burn to DVD.
Other reviews have done a much better job than I could at describing this item. Just wanted to give my "two thumbs up". Very cool.
Every once in a while, I will make a home video/DVD using photos and captured videos. I have tried several software but Corel Videostudio is the only one that offers ease of use and is very versatile. I have only used it for a few days and am sure that there are features that I have yet to discover and see.But based on my limited usage, I like this program.
I thought the best way to review this product was to break it down to a very select points:The Good ...1. The DV-DVD conversion tool is incredibly fast and allows you go back through old archived DV tapes and watch them digitally and begin the process of editing.2. The Dolby Digital 5.1 feature allows you to fully control your project so you can offer enhanced sound, booting the overall quality. This is a fantastic addition for amateur and work-man level student film-makers on a budget.3. Very easy editing tools that are `smart' and perfect for the user that has never edited anything in their life, allowing them to create pro-sumer level presentations. A lot of these programs typically assume that the user has a basic amount of working knowledge.4. The Smartsound Auto Music Maker - is an interesting tool that allows you to incorporate royalty-free and public domain music which I hadn't seen anywhere else.5. Direct upload to Youtube - more and more programs are offering this service and rightly so. The software uploads a low res version of your video to the internet so you you can easily share your work.The Bad ...1. I found performance different over three different computers that have very similar, but yes, different hardware. If you don't have 2 GB's of RAM Memory AT LEAST, then this program is going to struggle and probably crash on you frequently. I have a computer with 4 GB of RAM and it rendered the HD content without error but over many hours. AT 2GB of RAM it became a nightmare and I experienced lock-ups and had to not touch the computer once I started to render and turn off all power-saving functions on my computer so that it wouldn't crash. My 1.6 GB RAM Computer constantly crashed and I had to switch to using the DVD Wizard in order to create a project ... which just isn't the same.2. The 2000K bit-rate limit of MP4 files is absolutely hideous. Breaking your video down into smaller files and then splicing them together is no fun and a bad compromise.3. Too much emphasis on very lame and kiddie-grade filters, frames and other features that I feel bog this product down with pedantic utilities that are better left to other programs that focus on use by children and those not trying to do something novelty like a Spongebob presentation.4. This program really is a memory hog and doesn't manage memory as well as it advertises.The Ugly ...I can't really say anything awful about the product except that the documentation is lacking and good luck trying to find comprehensive books written for the software by 2nd party interests. A lack of printed tutorials is really the Achilles heel of this software.Other than that, Sony's Vegas Video 8 is a nice substitute, but if you've already made the leap into the program, or company, then with a little tinkering and some dedication you could make some very nice looking student level films and projects.It's not quite the software that it wants to be yet, but this company is making the effort to continually improve it by making it feature rich and attractive for people trying to make small films on a non-existent budget.Video Studio X3, which is not yet available, is probably the animal that will do everything that Corel is trying to assert that X2 does and may even make a name for itself, but with X2 ... not yet.But four stars for doing what it does.... ...
Corel VideoStudio Pro X2A fairly intuitive suite for disc-authoring and video-editing with many uses and formats offering creative control, powerful tools and ease of use. With Corel's award-winning software one can share creations in a variety of formats-DVD, mobile phones, high-definition home theater systems, even offering direct uploads to You Tube.  Corel VideoStudio Pro X2 lets you capture video and photos in either HD or standard format with simple guided steps.Edit using either Movie Wizard or with hands-on professional editing tools, a nice choice for the more advanced user. Several new or enhanced options are available in the newly released Pro X2 version.  These include: the new Blu-ray Import and Output option that imports BDMV files directly from Blu-ray camcorders, making it easier to transfer files while maintaining excellent picture quality and custom H.264 HD Encoding which supports both 1440 x 1080 and 1920 x 1080 output frame sizes.  The best feature in my opinion is the new Smart Proxy editing feature which enables a lower-resolution version of a project can be created where edits may be implemented-a useful feature if your computer is under-powered-before telling the application to convert to a higher resolution source for the finished movie.  A downside is the length of time needed  to process the high definition files.Additionally, a new resizable interface allows users to resize any of the panels within the interface so focus may be placed where the user wants it. Combine the above with Painting Creator, a new tool where users can paint, draw or write on their videos, personalization is accomplished with a few brush or keystrokes.  Add special effects such as picture-in-picture, cross-fades, animated titles or make your movies look like old films with the NewBlue Film Effects filters.Included in the box: Corel WinDVD playback software which I reviewed previously.  Combined with Corel's VideoStudio Pro X2 this is a robust and price-friendly option for any home user.Recommended.
I have owned the previous versions of Ulead Video Studio.  My understanding is thatCorel took over the program. In comparison to my older version I found the following:Pros:* Many more ways to export your video.* One program both inputs and burns to DVD.* Software pretty intuitive for those who have used some video editing software.* I LOVE that it will automatically do the following:  insert transitions between photos,make a movie from a template,  burn straight from camcorder to DVD.* You can easily convert a bunch of files that are in different formats into a file of consistent format.  It takes the program a little while do to this (may depend on your processor) but does not require a lot of work on your part.* Much more creative control and  many more choices of output than say, Windows Moviemaker.Cons:* Software a steeper learning curve for newbies. I did have a neighbor come over to try to make her own short video with her photos who was a video editing virgin.  She is reasonably computer savvy. I simply pulled up the program and let her try.  She had some trouble, even after reading the manual, but was able to produce her own montage in about an hour.* If you are the kind of person who does not mind experimenting and looking around in the software to learn, you will have no problem.  The manual is not much use.* Imported video file size is larger than in the older Ulead versions.  I could fit 100 minutes of imported camcorder video on one DVD using the older Ulead.  With this program I can only fit about 90.  I believe that this is due to the more complex titles thatCorel uses but I am not sure.* When burning DVDs it will sometimes give an error that it could not finish, but the DVDs are fine.HELPFUL HINT:  However, after corresponding with Corel I was given thisinformation which is VERY useful.  It is not in the manual.Corel tech support has reviewed the materials you sent and suggests changing the Project Settings in the create a disc menu. This will reduce the size of the video allowing it to be burned on one DVD.1 - Click on Share and then Create Disc.2 - In the bottom right, you will see Project Settings (the middle icon with the gear). Click on the Project Settings icon.3 - Click on change MPEG Settings.4 - Select the settings that best suits the project.This allows to you fit more material (at the slight expense of quality) onto the DVD.Overall an improvement on my Ulead Video 6,  it does seem a little unstable,  freezing up every once in a while.  This may, however, be due to the processing speed of my computer.
Although I've used previous versions of this product, I obtained and evaluated this latest version. Running on a dual-core Pentium computer I found it to be relatively fast interactive. Post scheduling processing was slow when transcoding (changing from one format to another). I used the software to make YouTube video and home videos. I edited a variety of formats including incorporating still images.I never had problems with software stability. I did think the screen layout made it difficult to work at once with both the highlevel timeline of an entire video, and also see the details of individual effects, etc. The product worked well and never had any problems installing or operating the software. It could best benefit from better documentation and more clear labeling of events on-screen. The product did not appear to support multiple screens for viewing the production video separate from the timeline. This is disappointing as many high-end users (such as those that would want HD functionality) may well have multple screens.Authoring was slow, but not slower than any competitive products. It would be nice to see a click to upload to YouTube function that actually worked.
At first I thought what a joke password protected files are built into an operating system. Then I loaded the program and realized it is a lot more than that. You can create vaults, as many as you like, individually password protects them, and set their size because the vault allocates that amount of space. Each one of these vaults when set up becomes an individual drive letter on your PC. You can click on the vault and a password prompt shows up, type in the password and it is just like leaving the door open to your vault. You can push and pull files freely. As long as you have it unlocked it behaves just like any other file on your PC. I strongly suggest that you haveMcAfee Internet Security 2009 3-Userinstalled as well. Keeping out a hacker in the first place is your first line of defense. If you open your vault and they have access, they also would have access to your vault contents. Therefore it is a good idea to lock the vault when you are busy doing other things, or creating a long document, and then quickly unlock it when you want to save it, or while doing a lot of file moving into it.One thing that is important is that if you copy a file into the vault and then delete it on your open area of your drive, the file is still retrievable. That is a second reason to get the McAfee antivirus I just mentioned. It contains a shredder that based on the shredding level will make the file irretrievable. That shredder is also inMcAfee Total Protection 2009 3-Usercomes with 3 licenses, and already includes the antitheft with 3 licenses as well. This stand alone anti-theft comes with only 1 license. So total protection is a bargain.In addition to the password protection is also has multiple secret words that you input when you set up the program. That is important to prevent important file and data loss when forgetting the password.If you have a laptop I can see how this anti-theft application is more or less a must have. Even on a desktop PC it acts as a final panic room, or whatever you call that room that you go to, that is barricaded when a burglar enters the house. (Remember the Jodie Foster movie) At first when I loaded the program and did a single reboot, the app froze when I tried to lock and unlock the vault. I was running other programs doing a search at the time. I rebooted and now everything works fine including locking and unlocking quickly. Now I am getting instant results. I really like having the protection built in and plan on using it quite often. The updates charge is a hassle after the first year, but with an inexpensive program how much can the update be. Makes me wish I got Vista Ultimate which has a similar function built in.  If I had to do it all over again I would go right to McAfee Total Protection 2009 which has the anti-theft plus site advisor plus built right in. That way when I update my subscription, I wouldn't have to pay a separate update charge on the anti-theft to renew my subscription. Overall I would say this suite of protection is good stuff, highly recommended.
I installed this program (the installation directions on the actual CD-ROM are not at all clear.  There is an "Exit" icon, but no actual installation icon on the first screen.  There are lines of text options (but it is not clear that you must click on a line) -- click on the correct text option for installation.  You will then be asked to create a password -- passwords are rated "weak" (my first try) and my second password received a "strong" rating.  Next you must create a vault setting for files that you wish to protect.  Since I am the only user of my desktop PC and do not take my laptop out of the house, this prorgam is not needed for my situation.  However, for those who do take laptops with sensitive information on travels or to public places where they could be stolen, this might be another form of insurance.  It could keep someone from seeing sensitive data  -- could a sophisticated cyberthief figure out a way to still steal state secrets or massive lists of credit card rosters or social security numbers, only time will tell?  This program might also be useful for a home or office PC for files you don't want anyone else to be able to access.
McAfee's Anti-Theft program allows the user to essentially create a password protected "vault" to store files the user would wish to protect as a sort of double redundancy to the user account/password function that can be utilized in Windows. The program was easy to install and caused no issues or conflicts with other installed programs. Graphically, the "vault" is displayed with a vault graphic and the user would click on it to access the documents and programs inside. Anti-Theft is useful for computers that have multiple users or for others who fear that their sensitive documents can be accessed while their computer is unattended.
I subsist in indentured servitude to the other evil empire of PC security therefore any mention of the name McAfee brings shivers to my spine. It's no coincidence either since I have had lurid and horrific experiences with McAfee products in the past so with a great deal of trepidation and a tremendous leap of unjustifiable faith I decided to see if this product could co-exist with the Norton family on one of my PCs, although I couldn't see where it offered any advantages over utilization of the password protection capabilities built into all operating systems.  This couldn't be anything more than an attractively packaged ploy to separate me from a little bit more of my money playing on rampant paranoia that hackers and henchmen will gain access to my rapidly deteriorating nestegg.  My laptop barely sees the light of day and seldom gets fresh air so why would I need to invest in another piece of software any more than flood insurance is needed in the Sahara.I loaded the CD with every intention of installing the software, taking a look and then accessing McAfee's website to acquire whatever removal tool is required to completely wipe it off my hard drive and reading the draconian EULA did little to mollify my opinion. While I was displaying the installation menu I decided to read the readme file and download a copy of the product manual before I installed and brought my CPU to a grinding halt once Norton got a sniff of a competitor in its' playground.  UnlikeMcAfee Site Advisor Plus 2009 1-User, this product does not appear to humor me with specious allegations of a compatibility check before installation. To my bemusement and delight, the installation seemed to go off without incident on a Vista system with Norton 360, a true recipe for frustration. After a quick reboot I discovered another desktop icon and a cute little safe in my system tray indicating to me I needed to check to see just how massive this install turned out to be. It turns out the program only consumes about 5MB of disk space and after opening the program it only uses a maximum of 30MB RAM so far as I can determine. my blind commitment toNorton 360 Version 2.0is beginning to waiver.Anti-Theft creates a digital vault that is identified as a password protected virtual drive that can be imported/exported on multiple media to another PC or for offline storage. Each vault created has a maximum size of four GBs which is completely adequate for protection of data files and other sensitive information. Anyone who feels their most precious information is a Blu-ray movie file needs to look for alternative solutions. At creation of a vault the user is prompted for name and password assignment and also to specify answers for three I.D verification questions in event the password is lost or forgotten and recovery is necessitated. At this juncture, the user is also advised any files transported to the vault will continue to exist in the original location as well so they should be deleted and shredded for optimum protection. The vault owner can specify time intervals for locking the vault or pin activation of the locking procedure to the system screen saver, or naturally manually close the vault with a few mouse clicks. File transfer is as simple as drag and drop.To my chagrin, about the only criticism I can really offer about what I have seen so far is the ongoing subscription for a product that will most likely have minimal updates other than possibly future identified security risks.  If McAfee  keeps  up with creation of such easy to use and non-obtrusive products , I might have to ship Norton to the recycle bin, and I already have the correct removal tool...This ain't my first dance.
Very easy to install and use and has not caused any problems with my other programs.  I like knowing that I have this protection, especially when traveling with my notebook. Recommended.
One thing to note before ordering this software is that it does not support Windows Vista 64 bit.  This gave a little disappointment because that is the operating system on my Laptop Computer but admittedly it does say on Amazon that it supports Windows XP and Vista 32 bit.With this in mind, I went to install this program on my Windows XP SP3 computer.  It would not install from Autorun or from the CDSetup icon on the CD-Rom.  I had to go instead into the en-US Folder on the CD-Rom and install it from the Install icon. It then installed without any problems.  I am not sure what caused this issue, maybe it is because I have another program causing conflicts but anyway no matter - it installed.The first thing the program asks once you start it is for you to set up secret answers - this is important for if you ever forget your password.  You can then create a vault which you name, give the size you want it to be and make a password for it.  Once this is done then you can fill the vault with your secret information by transferring files to it and when you are finished - you lock it.  When you want to access the information again, you just type in the password.  You can create a number of different vaults.That is really all there is to this program - It is simple to use and works around the tried and tested method of having a real vault but on your computer.However, I would not underestimate its value because it could be significant in protecting any important information you have on your computer. For me, it is a worthwhile purchase but probably more suitable for a Laptop Computer where information is constantly at risk because they can be so easily stolen.
Please note: Vista users, I installed it on my Vista machine also and I have some important notes appearing at the end of this review.I installed Roxio VHS to DVD on a circa 2004 Windows XP machine with ASUS A8N-SLI Deluxe mobo, 3 GB ram, 320GB HD, AMD 2.4 processor, and onboard audio built into the board. Ok here is the part where a lot of people are going to hate me, and vent their frustration by loading me up with unhelpful votes. Remember this though; I am so far only talking about the audio function of taking your old LP albums and records, digitizing them, and either burning them on a CD, or saving them to your hard drive. The automated tools included in this Roxio app make it a breeze. So here goes;Installation actually was a breeze. I did have the USB device hooked up to the machine first, even though Windows XP wouldn't load drivers for it. The online instruction guide in PDF format tells you to insert the USB device first, whereas the guide that comes with it says do the software install first. I figured the online version was easily updatable by Roxio so I plugged the USB device in first. Then while the 1.92GB install disc loaded, I did a couple of chores. I then tried to install the updated drivers from the Roxio site, but it kept saying that I did not have Roxio installed on my system, so I skipped that. I went right into plugging the audio from my stereo receiver, and then turned on the stereo receiver, and phonograph LP turntable. Without a hiccup it went right away with auto recording levels. I could see the bars moving with the song levels. So all I had to do is restart the LP and recorded the first 2 songs without stopping between songs. It was simple; start the album, click record, that's it. Once the first 2 songs were done, they were enough for my experiment, I clicked stop. To my amazement, it automatically divided them into 2 separate songs, obviously detecting the pause between songs.Then you have the option of exporting the tracks to your H Drive, or burning them to a CD. I chose burn CD, knowing that the old incompatibility between burners, and getting the right app to work with yours CD burner would be a challenge, and wah lah, it automated the complete burning process, and in about one minute out came the finished CD. It also gave me the option of creating a label. I took the CD out, and placed it in another machine. It played perfectly. I am in love with this; partly because I heard one of many albums that I used to be so in love with. It brought back so many cherished memories, and now I can enjoy them in my car, home network, iPod and more. It's like the Berlin wall coming down.With the simple hookup of your turntable to your audio receiver, and then the audio/record out of your stereo receiver, connected directly to the audio input L & R jacks on the included Roxio USB plug, you can literally record any device, not just your LP phonograph album. Do you have any cassettes you would like to digitize? Play them back instead. It is an easy way to move anything, and everything into your computer with advanced automated options.It automated a mundane task, something that people can do manually, and it even had filtering options. I will have to come back after I get a chance to experiment with the VHS to DVD function. From what others have said, I doubt it will go this way. Time will tell. That is the only reason why I gave it 4 stars, I was afraid of giving it 5 even though so far it deserves 10 stars for the audio function.UPDATE: I'm back, and the video function works just as easily, well almost as easily as the audio function. When I first tried it didn't work. Well let's say I couldn't get my VHS player set properly, or the program set properly to work. Then I woke up the next morning and realized that the tape I had in the VHS was a snowy blank. So I placed a good tape in. That helped but it wasn't the whole story. When going into the record screen it is necessary to set a few parameters; for example choose the USB Roxio device in the drop down menu. Also click on "Options" and choose the same USB Roxio device for the audio. Wah lah everything worked properly. Then I was a bit disappointed that the only way to test it was to burn DVD's. That seemed like a waste. I was yearning for a record to hard drive only function which would save me DVD disks. Then I found out it does that as well. So I popped in my favorite boat VHS tape, and went ahead and converted it to digital and the whole thing went on the hard drive. At the DV setting it took up 9 Gigs. Fortunately, I used the ideal mate to this software, which gives me editing, and sizing which can reduce the file size down to zip for a small screen, and that isPinnacle Studio Ultimate Collection V14For the complete review on that, please see my review on the product page.So even though many gave up after trying to use the Roxio VHS to DVD after their initial try, I found it is a breeze to use. Everything is easy when you know how. I think the frustration arises in that Roxio created a "Quick Start Guide" that walks you through the barest essentials to create your project, the only thing is with the quick start rules it leaves out the fine points of adjusting your settings so it works. That is all you need to do. So how to do that is easy. You can find the step by step in the help menu built into the program. So it is not true, Roxio is not creating garbage, but rather a magnificent program that works like a charm, and now that I know the few settings to make it work right, I am excited about using it again. Highly recommended.Second Update: Important for Vista users. In addition to installing it on my Windows XP machine, I installed it on my Windows Vista Home Premium machine as well. (I am the only one who uses those machines, and I can only use one at a time) Anyhow, when installing it on XP everything went quickly and smoothly. When I did the same install on the Vista machine, it started to install normally, but then all progress stopped, or at least I thought it did; it actually didn't. After waiting for 5 minutes I clicked on the top bar of the install window and dragged it out of the way to see if an error window appeared behind the install window, and a window was there but it wasn't an error window, rather it said, "Setup may take several minutes, so be patient". So I did. After about 5 minutes of no activity, (at least none that was apparent) I noticed that the file name it was copying changed. Then that happened again, very slowly but it happened. All told without touching anything, the install took between 20 and 30 minutes. All I had to do was be patient. I noticed in the upper corner another window appeared n that they were creating audio files. I could be wrong but I think some conversions are going on for it to install in Vista, and that takes more time. So the end result is everything finally installed perfectly.I have made 2 VHS to DVD, or should I say to hard drive conversions without a snag. It works perfectly. Just like in XP, after rebooting to finish the install, and then starting the program for the first time, there was an automatic download/update I had to agree to install, and I did. It works great. I honestly think that those who are impatient would see no activity, and vent their frustration by ejecting the CD, rebooting the machine in the middle of the install, or some such, turning the whole operation into a tizzy, possibly having negative consequences. So be patient when installing in Vista, it works just as good as it does in XP. Great program, great install with no glitches. All you have to do is fiddle with the drop down menus to get the video input selected, and the options button, and then the same input device selection, and on the Vista machine I had to click on the speaker button in the program for me to be able to hear the preview sound while the file was converting. All in all a great program, which after you fiddle with the settings for a few minutes like I mentioned above, it works great. Get it.
I experienced a fairly simple installation, one minor issue being that I installed it into my older CD/DVD ROM drive. Using my newer disc drive, a NEC DVD burner, the installation went without a hitch.I tried to copy video from VHS to the hard drive, trying out the video editor, but this can't be accomplished using the Roxio USB adaptor. You need to hook up directly to your graphics card, using ports on the card itself.You also need to use a USB 2.0 port, this is required for the "play and burn."If you do not have a USB 2.0 PCI card, you can buy one for about twenty dollars.There are quite important system requirements and if you have them, it should work as it did for me.I am satisfied with it.
The Roxio Easy VHS to DVD does just that. It lets you connect your old VCR into your computer via the USB port. The included software allows you to convert the VHS (or any other input) into a digital file that can then be burned onto a DVD (or placed on your phone or iPod). It is time consuming, because you have to let the entire VHS video play. I noticed that if I try to do other things with my computer while I am recording, the recording would get jumpy. So the downside is that your computer will be tied up the whole time (at least mine is). Roxio Easy VHS to DVD is a simple, easy-to-use solution to record any component cable audio-video input onto your computer via the USB port.I did not have any of the difficulties of the other reviewers on setup.
My father-in-law was an avid videographer using just about every type of camera known to man.  Because of this, we have had a hard time watching video he took over the years because it isn't easy to find a beta player or a video C player either.  This allows us to transfer to our computer then to a dvd.  Now we can watch the embarrassing clips of my wife and sister-in-law from when they were younger.  Glad I got this.
This Roxio Easy VHS to DVD is a software that you install and then hook up your camcorder or VCR and watch it transfer them directly to the DVD or your VCR. The software downloaded without any problems and after some tweaking to the connections, the transfer went through as well. I'm actually excited to now be able to preserve all our memories of our kids growing up into a DVD library that they can watch years later. Great item for the  cost.
I'm probably being a little generous with 4 stars, but after I updated some plugins, tweaked a few settings and stood on my head, it works well.The funny thing here is that although it's a VHS to DVD device and software, I was more impressed with the LP record to CD ability. But this serves its purpose in more ways than one.I had to reinstall and/or update Windows Media Player and Internet Explorer, both of which are becoming less appealing as time goes on in technology, but, it is required.  My PC is a couple years old with the most up-to-date Windows XP, which seems to be fine, although I wonder if this works better in Vista.  I have no idea.  I say "better" as there is just so much lag and jumping going on.  As long as you don't do anything while it's doing it's thing, it's fine I guess, but the resources are pretty much shot when in use.  i.e. I can't even check email while it's converting.  So, it's an initiate and do something else project.I have used other transfer products before. Such as the Pinnacle Dazzle, and the software was so unbearable.  So, compared to that experience, it is a big step above.  Plus the USB device is easier to deal with and flexible.  The bonus of the S-video attachment makes everything the easiest for the best quality.  The quality is there in the result, and there is effort to improve the VHS image.  My only gripe is that you pretty much need a computer no older than a year to keep up.  Close all programs, have it the only one running, and do nothing else, and I am fine.The audio transfer is less of a resource hog and less jumpy to operate.  I actually did not expect this to work, but if anything was "easy", it was this.  Any turntable or stereo speaker jack, into the USB device into the computer, and you are ready to record.  Your vinyl collection into MP3 in about the same time as playing the album.  I will continue to use the video feature obviously, but I see the music aspect to be more of a welcomed project.Have XP or Vista, a computer less than a couple years old and patience, and you are good to go at an acceptable price.
I found that, after a somewhat tedious install, this software seemed to work pretty good for transferring my old VHS tapes to DVD.  Using my VHS player hooked up to my computer with the included connectors and video capture USB, I found that the software's interface was simple to follow and somewhat intuitive to use.  The quality was not the best, but it was definitely good enough for me.  I am now able to preserve a lot of my old VHS tapes of family stuff to DVD ... very nice.What I also really liked was the ability to take a lot of vinyl albums and transfer those to CD in a more usable format.  A little tricky hooking up my old turntable, but it worked.  It was nice to be able to use the Sound Editor and clean up the transfers, removing some of the noise, brighten the sound, and using the EQ for fine tuning my music transfers the way I like.  It is nice that I can now transfer a lot of my old records albums over to CD to play in my car or at work.This software has some nice features, transferred my VHS to DVD and my record albums to CD using a simple to use interface, and I was more than satisfied with the results.  Overall Roxio easy VHStoDVD software works pretty good, not great, but good enough for me, therefore I would recommend.
I used this software to rip my old climbing videos from VHS to digital format for posting on Facebook and I thought the software was great! I installed it, immediately downloaded all updates and I didn't have any problems whatsoever on my Windows 7 machine!The best thing about the software was that it not only can create DVDs, but also just rip to digital format so you can edit it and upload it to YouTube, Facebook, or wherever.Some basic video editing software comes included in the suite, but I prefer iMovie, so I just edited the video there. It's great that I'm able to do so!Anyway, this is great, easy to use software and I'd highly recommend it. The only downside is that the file size of the ripped video is extremely large. You'd think you were creating a Blu Ray or something out of a low-res VHS! Not a big deal for me since the final product gets re-encoded and compressed, but it's worth noting that you'll have GBs per minute of video.
I have some family photos and old movie camera films on VHS Tapes that I wanted to transfer to do DVD. I was able to do it but it took some work.I found this software to be less user friendly than Roxio Creator 2010. With this software a learning center with tutorials is available from the help screen but it is hard to access. With Roxio Creator 2010 there is video and pdf version of each tutorial available as an option on the main screen.Pros:I installed this on my old computer that has windows XP, 512 ram and about 90 mb of free space left on my hard drive. A lot of new software requires more memory so if you have an older computer this is an option.While I did not use it I saw that technical support was available either by phone or e-mail.The automatic update feature loaded a new update as soon as the software was installed.There is a "Getting Started Guide" that comes with the software.Cons:This took a long time to load. My guess is over 15 minutes. I have yet to install this on my new computer. It may load faster on that one.The layout made it tough for me to figure out how to use the different features. If a new version of this comes out I would follow what was done with Roxio Creator 2010.Conclusion:I wanted to use this to transfer family VHS tapes to DVD. I was able to do so with some work. This seems like a good product that could be made much better with better tutorials.
I originally got this item on Vine because I thought the software would work with both Macs and PCs.  I own a Mac and wanted to transfer some old videos, mostly video work and film shorts I did in college to the computer.  I decided to try it out on a colleague's PC to see if this was truly easy or a big pain as others here have pointed out.  Perhaps their computer has enough memory and is up to date enough to have this product run great, because I have no complaints.  I don't even know how to work with PCs that much, since I tend to work on Macs, yet this was easy to install and the video transfer was clean.  I do wish I had the Mac version if there is one, because I would use this software all the time.  I have about 30-40 tapes I want to convert to computer to post on You Tube, since they are my creative property.  But, due to the fact this is PC software, my time using it is limited.  I would also like to point out I've done video/film editing so maybe this stuff comes easier to me than other people.
This product is pretty easy to use but it still takes time to transfer VHS videos to DVD. However, once it's done, they will last much longer than the current technology that is quickly becoming obselete.
If you want to convert your old VHS to DVD - there are 2 options to get it done yourself or to get it done by a service provider.  There are lots of businesses online who can do it for you, but they charge something like $8 per DVD conversion which is pretty expensive.If you want to do it yourself - you need to buy the software, hardware and make sure that all of it work together to make it work.Roxio bundles the hardware and software all in one package to do it for  you.  I installed this on a Windows Vista home premium, connected the hardware from the VGA out of the VHS player to my computer's USB port and started the conversion.  I was able to convert and burn a neat DVD.Pinnacle Studio is still the best for video editing - I used pinnacle to edit the videos I capture from Roxio.Wondering where did all these people on the forum have issues - it worked flawlessly for me
I'm a regular user of Photoshop and haven't used any version of Painter for many years. However, with Painter I was hoping for a digital painting program that I, a relatively experienced user of graphic arts programs, and my son, a novice user and budding artist could both use with relative ease.The installation of the program was straightforward.  However, as noted by some other users, opening the program can be a bit slow even on my new PC laptop with lots of free memory and a huge hard drive. I also tried running it on a desktop Mac and it was a bit faster but not much. However, it is nice that multiple platforms are offered on a single disk for one price.  This flexibility is great. That aside, once we had the program up and running, we found it relatively easy to navigate - easier for me a regular Photoshop user than my son who has mostly used KidPix.The Palette of color choices is really nice and the variety of brushes and graphics tools left us tinkering and playing for hours.I also liked the fact that you can import Photoshop documents into this program.  It adds nice flexibility for work projects. As I would not switch over completely from Photoshop to Painter 11 and even though the program worked well and offers some nice choices, it is a bit pricey for the value to me.Not being a regular user of Painter, I was unable to assess how improved this version is over prior ones.I would say that overall this is a nice graphics arts program that offers an abundance of tools and platform flexibility in a single, relatively easy to use format.
I do digital photo work using several other programs and deal with details and trying to present sharp photographs.. I always have had the desire to paint and draw starting from a blank canvas but just never got started.Painter 11 is like being handed the keys to an artists studio and being told "have at it" it will take quite some time before I will ever use every brush and option that is available in this software, I just can't imagine wanting or needing more.Of course, we all know as you get used to using a program there ends up being many things you just don't use for one reason or another, but with this selection of tools that will still leave a huge box full.Using this software on an i7 Vista 64 system with 6GB of memory and I don't think it could run better or smoother, very fluid and do not see any lag between the tablet and paint tool.Software is on one CD, installed without a hitch and presented no special problems to get up and running.Boots up very fast and is ready to use in seconds and have not had one glitch with it so far.The Painter 11 & Wacom Intuos tablet combo is a great match up and I'm looking forward to many hours of enjoyment learning to "paint" in addition to photo mods.Of course no software can give you the talent needed to succeed, but Painter 11 gives you a great shot at it... and with the UNdo button you can feel free to explore and extend whatever talent you do have.Note, there is a trial version available to check it out.
Corel Painter 11 is a very powerful painting program that packs a lot of features for artists of all types.The main reason we wanted Painter 11 was to convert my business product photos into "art" (using the Auto-Paint tool) for use on our web site and in marketing materials (see the "Customer Images" for our pie and bread candle converted pictures). This took some experimenting with the options to get the look I wanted on a consistent basis, but the end results were exactly what we wanted. Since most of our pictures are processed inAdobe Photoshop CS3 Extended [OLD VERSION], it was really convenient that Painter 11 directly supports the Photoshop files.Where Painter 11 really shines is for those with graphic tablets creating original art. Even with my functional, but not feature rich,Bamboo (Small) Pen Tablet with Pen OnlyI was able to produce some surprisingly good drawings and "paintings". The selection of brushes and media is truly staggering and the color control is just amazing. It should be noted that Painter 11 can take advantage of all the features and functionality of the higher end tablets (likeWacom Intuos4 Large Pen Tablet).Installation on my new'ish HP Laptop (4gb RAM, with Windows Vista) was fairly straight forward and no problems were encountered during the process. I have encountered a stability issue that resulted in the program crashing when using the Auto-Paint tool on a large (2gb) image.Like many higher end programs, Painter 11 has many features that I will likely never use. The options I needed are easy to master after some practice and the results are very impressive. Fortunately I have a "Lynda" account and they have a Painter X tutorial that covers most of the basic features and functionality, giving me a "kick start" for using Painter 11.I can highly recommend Painter 11 for those wanting to turn photos into "art" and for the artist wanting access to a huge range of brushes and media.
Ever since Corel bought Paintshop Pro, I have been looking for an acceptable alternative without success (this product included, since it is far too expensive). Painter is a fairly powerful art program targeted at those that are involved in serious computer generated art, not the casual artist of picture tweaker.The selection of media, from brushes to palettes, including charcoal, pencil, marker and paper, weaves provide the user with many options.Technically, the installation was smooth and the control set is fairly common (Painshop, Photoshop and Painter share many of the same controls so the learning curve on the interface itself is pretty easy to deal with). Speaking of interfaces, a mouse is not the preferred user interface to take full advantage of this program; I would opt for a tablet to get the most out of Painter. After several month of using the program I am still learning the subtleties of various drawing techniques (in this respect the learning curve is much more steep).Overall, this is much more power than I, a casual artist, need for what I want to do (fiddle some photos and author or tweak some website art) and much too pricey as well, but for the true artists out there this is a jewel of a tool.
This software can do quite a lot of things, but sadly the constant crashes (on Mac OSX in my case) make it unusable.  For me the program crashes immediately after opening, meaning I can't even use it.  If these issues could be taken care of I'm sure I would enjoy the software.
There's a lot of potential here for digital art, but some issues. Keyboard controls (changing brush size, etc.) let you focus on painting with other hand. Great selection of brushes and painting tools lets you create endlessly.Some cons are as follows: UI (using mouse for changing brush sizes, etc.) is kind of clunky. Tiny user guide/manual. There are so many features, you really need a book on this program. It's also sometimes slow, a resource hog.If you have the patience and dedication, you can do a lot with it.
I got this product because I'm an amateur photographer and thought it might be a nice tool to have alongside Photoshop.  That being said, my artistic ability is pretty low and I was hoping a too like this could help me out.  And, to a point, it did.  I think it helped me to add a little creativity to some of my pictures but this does not turn somebody into an instant artist.  I do think to truly get the most out of this product a little bit of artistic ability does help.From a technical point of view, the installation was easy and straight forward.  The user interface is fairly intuitive and while I played with as much of the tools as I could, I still feel like I barely hit the tip of the iceberg.  I did take one star away, I really wish this had come with some sort of tutorial or at least a book that would help me get past the basics.  But I think once somebody gets in and starts playing around one can figure out a few tricks here and there on their own.  The product seems fairly sturdy and never crashed when I had it on both Vista and Windows 7.If you are an artist and wish to use the computer to create art, I do not think you could go wrong with this product as there is so much you can do with it.  I did find the price a bit high for me, an amateur, but I think this would work well for somebody who uses this in their income producing endeavors.  If I had any suggestion, I would make an amateur edition that offered less features and a smaller price tag.  That would be more up my ally.
I'm a fan of Corel Painter and the Corel Paintshop Pro Photo series. Corel does a pretty good job developing programs that rival the functionality of Adobe (Illustrator and Photoshop) but with a better GUI and more intuitive controls.The reason so many people love Corel Painter is that this program has all the professional-level features a graphic artist needs but also has a super-easy user interface that makes it simple for amateur artists to be creative and produce some pretty cool digital art.As much as I love this update to the Painter series, it isn't without a few serious problems.First, Painter 11 is a major system resource hog. I noticed the CPU fan on my desktop was running louder when I was using Painter 11 so I opened up the Windows Task Manager to check the CPU and the CPU was running between 35 and 50 percent even when I wasn't doing much with Painter 11. Similarly, I have 8GB of RAM in my desktop and Painter 11 was using a ton of it. If you have an older computer with a slower processor and not much RAM then Painter 11 will be painfully slow.As other reviewers have mentioned, if you use a WACOM Intuos 3 tablet get ready for more pain. Painter 11 has incorrect/incomplete driver support for the Intuos 3 tablet (a VERY popular tablet for professionals, and the only one I use at home). There's something seriously wrong if a painting application can't detect when you make a paintbrush stroke on a tablet.Bottom line, if you're using a great desktop and a newer tablet (newer than the relatively new Intuos 3) then you'll probably be very happy with Painter. If you have an older PC and an older tablet then this is probably not worth the money.
For those of you like me, who use Photoshop and want a little more creative control, Painter is just the ticket.  The learning curve, while still relatively steep, is not nearly as bad if you are already accustomed to Photoshop.  The interface and layout is similar to Photoshop and the program has a wide array of tools available.  Numerous brushes, canvases, color, and stroke choices allow you to fine tune your work an infinite number of ways.  I was able to create an oil painting of a relatively low detail portrait shot after browsing the instruction pamphlet and a few tutorials online and on Corel's web site.  A tablet, while not entirely necessary, will offer greater precise control over strokes and artistic effects. the program is a great compliment to Photoshop and can open .psd files, allowing switching back and forth between the two apps.I did not encounter any lag in the program, however, I did encounter a few random glitches and freezes, particularly when in auto-painting mode.  On my PC, if auto-paint is active, the program is very finicky about multitasking.  I just lost a lengthy project during auto-painting after simply minimizing the program window.  The app froze and after several attempts to coax it back to life, I eventually had to exit out and start anew.  Oddly, CPU utilization was only about 40%, I have plenty of RAM, and I'm running on a high-end Core 2 Duo laptop less than six-months old.  I have experienced this behavior even with no background tasks running, such as antivirus.  I have no problems with Photoshop CS4 on this same machine, even with several apps open and antivirus running.  So I'm going to give the benefit of the doubt and assume it's a glitch that will be fixed in a future patch.Other than the above minor issue (I say minor because if I run auto-paint and leave the machine to its own devices, it completes fine), I am very happy with the product and only subtract the one star until they can work the kinks out of the freezing issue.  Otherwise, this is a very good tool to add to your digital art arsenal.
On the technical side, the program took a while to install but it was easy and uneventful. I installed it on a laptop (dual core) running Vista. With large files, it runs pretty fast and usually I did not have to wait for it to finish an effect (similiar to Filters in PS). Using files sized for the web, there is no wiating or lag.Painter comes with a small manual that will get you started, but you will really need to buy a more advanced book. Another option is to go online for some tutorials and videos. A quick search turned up tutorials on Corel's site as well as thrid party sites. While I didn't look at everything, a lot of the content was very good.I thought that Painter would be another Photoshop clone. While it contains most of the features used to edit images that I use in Photoshop, it seems to have a different focus.  It contains extensive features for either creating artwork from scratch or  totally  painting into an image. While Photoshop has brushes and pens, it doesn't come close to the type and number that Painter has (although you can add more brushes to both programs). A lot of the features in Painter use terms that you would see in a book on painting where Photoshop uses terms you would see in a photography book.  Since I'm not an artist, a lot of the terms really  didn't  mean much to me until I tried them. If you're an artist, definitely take a look at this program.
As the irrepressible green script above indicates, I selected this product as one of my opportunities under Amazon's Vine program so to my good fortune I did not incur the expenses associated with acquisition of a software package clearly beyond the scope of my skill sets. Yet, with due consideration to hubris and overconfidence, if I had gone out to purchase a graphic arts studio package, the likelihood is I would have settled on this package or one of commensurate features under the premise my abilities would eventually develop to the point where the expense was justifiable. I am technologically, if not artistically, oriented therefore under customary circumstances I can explore and in reasonably short periods, reach the point where exploitation of the major benefits of most applications is feasible. That might turn out to be the case here but after approximately four hours of use per week for the last five weeks, I have not approached any plateau where I could confidently profess comfort with manipulation of this program.It is not a deficiency of the software in my view as this product is clearly targeted at the professional and advanced amateur target audience. It is easy to identify the vast potential built into the application however it is not as clearly determinable how to get it to work for you and develop repetitive steps to circumvent continual referral to the manual or tutorials. At this juncture, I can perform rudimentary actions, like cloning a photo, creation of unintentionally horrific original artwork or basic editing of .AVI movie clips, mixing colors and changing brushes but the breath of options built into the app is somewhat overwhelming for the lightly experienced or inexperienced user.  To state a tablet and pen are essential is probably to insult anyone with artistic aspirations but even with that supplemental hardware the learning curve here is pretty steep and often frustrating, for the novice or casual user. As an example, the installation CD includes a group of extras like brushes, paper textures, gradients, weaves, patterns, etc. that I do not know enough about to recognize whether they are installed or awaiting installation.There are tutorials available online from Corel as well as Lynda.com although the latter site has not updated to version 11. They are helpful but nothing will compensate for foreknowledge and experience, especially the included manual which is somewhat perfunctory since the core users of this product are not likely to need the same level of handholding as the newbie. Just opening up to the GUI is intimidating with the assortment of pull down menus, tool boxes, and alternative choices in some manifestation of artistic greek to me. I  had more success employing the tried and true methodology of explore, seek, search, attempt and get annoyed than trying to determine how to accomplish anything from the outset with the manual. However it is my self-interested bias that leads me to rate the package 4 stars rather than 5 - the manual should be better for the benefit of the over-reachsing novice with an ample cache of discretionary cash and the irrational thought processes that may lead them to this product instead of Painter Essentials, or Crayola Art Studio since it's evident sharp objects should remain beyond my grasp.
The last time I used Painter was version 7, so I cannot comment on the differences between 10 and 11.  There is a huge difference between 7 and 11 :))Being able to work with color profiles and having PNG file support is a big plus, especially if you are using Photoshop along side Painter to work on your images.However, Like Photpshop it can be slow at start up. Adobe help this issue by creating a 64 bit version, Corel did not.I have not had the opportunity to work with everything new, there is a little bit of a learning curve going between 7 and 11 but I have enoyed using the watercolor and chalk brushes.A Wacom pad is a must...
Corel Painter 11 is a lot of fun, and has so many features it's highly unlikely I'll ever exhaust it's functionality. I'm not a professional artist, but I've wanted a useful tool for digital drawing and painting for a long time and this one more than meets my needs and also allows my children to explore their creative impulses. I won't comment on technical details, since others who've used this and similar software have done that already. As a more casual user, I'm very impressed with this software and with how quickly I was able to learn to get started with it. It's easy to use for beginners and has a seemingly endless set of tools and functionality for advanced users.I've used it to manipulate photos and to experiment with drawing and painting. My daughters love it, and have spent hours creating fantasy characters, from amazing animals to anime. My 9-year old figured out how to create a picture of a coral reef, animated with moving bubbles and waving plants. This is not like the simple drawing and painting software I'd tried before - it is a very sophisticated tool that allows both traditional style painting and drawing and digital animation. To take full advantage of it's potential you really need a tablet and pen tool for your computer. We have the Bamboo (Small) Pen Tablet, and it works seamlessly with Painter 11. We'll be using this software for a long time.
Painter 11 is impressive, but requires an impressive amount of learning to get up to speed with the program.The installation was easy on my older (3+ years) WinXP desktop system with 2gb of ram memory. Painter runs fine on my system with minor delays on occasion, mostly during autopainting related steps. It has crashed a few times when I seemed to get way out in left field trying new things in a rushed manner but I was able to restart the program and continue on easy enough.Based on my prior experience with photo related software (Photoshop CS3, Nikon Capture NX2, etc.) I feel that Painter 11 is a solid and well heeled painterly specific product that is very close to Photoshop in software quality, features (toolkit) based on primary purpose, and usability. I would have rated Painter equal to Photoshop CS3 in software quality but CS3 has never crashed on me.At first I got stuck because I didn't have a workflow to follow, but after watching some tutorials I made great progress and enjoyed the journey. I highly recommend John Derry's Workflow Tutorials at Corel's website under resources and then follow his lead.I also bought Karen Sperling's Painting for Photographers ebook that has step-by-step instructions tailored for Corel Painter. It is easy to follow and you also get some relevant painting theory and practices which were very helpful. Her software mastery with Corel Painter is impressive and her ability to teach me made the tutorial worth every penny spent.The Corel Painter 11 supplied User Guide under the Help menu was useful also.After learning the essentials of navigating around in the program and its myriad of features, with much thanks to the tutorials I used, I can see why a master artist would use and rely on this program to transform photos into digital paintings of the highest quality.I have found the progression of steps from beginning photo to finished painterly art is quite logical for image editing software. There is support for non-destructive layers, cloning, underpainting, tracing, dodging, burning, rubber stamping, along with a huge assortment of customizable brushes, chalks, pencils, etc., and artistic effects. It will be a long time before I exhaust the possibilities presented to me in this software.I like the auto painting underpainting feature with color scheme selections as I can get well into the painting process quickly and the results are much better than other programs I have tried. Underpainting's Smart Blur set to 100% was impressive. The tracing feature is very nice because I can paint intelligently with the original photo "underneath" at a lesser opacity as my guide and then quickly flip back and forth between the painting and the original photo to see my progress.I was originally drawn to Corel Painter because some of the masters use this tool quite successfully and it is recommended often in painterly forum discussions. I was not disappointed by following their lead.
I am not much of a computer reviewer - I leave that kind of thing to my brother-in-law who studies programs and computers with a passion I cannot muster.  I run a Dell Inspirion 1525 with Windows Vista, and an Intel Celeron processor.  Laptops are not what you generally want to try to use artwork software on, but it's what I had.First of all I was surprised that such a robust software program loaded as quickly and easily as it did.  Loading Civ 4 took longer (by far).  Also there was no logging online to have to "register" or blah blah blah "call and activate" (like the battle I had with our accounting software).  The tiny little box came with one CD, one little Manual, and a sticker with a keycode (keep the packaging!).I have played around with this for a while now and it's a lot of fun.  I am not an artist, and I have NO graphic design skills - but I was able to mess around with some photos, and draw a few pictures.  I highly recommend that anyone who wants to use this for high quality art work purchase a tablet, as a mouse just doesn't have the control that a real artist would want.I did not have any issues with crashing or massive CPU use - it ran fine for me.  But then again I really wasn't pushing the software to it's limits.  I don't have a tablet to plug in and work with.  I will warn those of you who don't have much experience with artwork programs - the included booklet manual is pitiful as far as telling you how to do what you want to do.  There is online help available though the progam and it WILL help you.  But don't expect to find what you are looking for in the booklet.Also an index for non-artsy laymen types would have been nice - I know what I want to do, but I have no idea what it's called, or what the system may be asking me to do.  I draw, but I haven't learned any art vocab since 3rd grade.If you are just looking for something to tweak a photo here and there, or to slap some text on a pic - this is probably way to big and expensive for you.  If you actually intend to create art, or truly manipulate images, then from what I can tell - this is an excellent program to purchase.
I have had the opportunity to work with Corel Painter 11 on a few occasions. I am a complete newbie to this software, so note my review in this context. Other reviewers can provide insight for intermediate and advanced users considering upgrading their software. I am primarily a photographer as far as artistic work goes, yet thought it would be interesting to apply some more artistic edits to some nature scenes. Thus enter Corel's Painter 11. I am primarily a user of Adobe products (Photoshop and Lightroom). My computer hardware (Dell XPS 720 with 3 Gb RAM and 3.00Ghz core 2 duo processor) handles the latter software with ease, but seems to choke on many Painter automated edits (which is where I am at!). Not sure why this would be and this is a main reason (there must be a lot going on behing the scenes) which why I rated the software down. Beyond this, the software feels fast on my system. Within a few minutes of use, I was able to take an image and transform it into a reasonably interesting piece of art. I have a long way to go in terms of mastering the software (if I ever will!), but it is fun to play with, if you are patient for the software to execute!
I am not a pro.  I'm the digital equivalent of a Sunday painter.  But Corel Painter 11 has inspired me to stretch my wings creatively.First thing-- prepare to be frustrated if you try to run this on a machine with the minimum requirements.  That is just common sense.  I also save the files I am working on to a fast external hard drive to avoid eating up all of my internal hard drive space.  Also be sure to back up, back up, back up.  Not that Painter 11 has crashed-- yet, from other things I have read I may just be lucky-- but I have lost a whole CD of photos due to one of the dogs deciding it made a good chew toy.  Finally, I also suggest that a Tablet instead of a mouse makes a nice accessory.  I haveBamboo Fun (Medium) Black Tablet with Pen, Mouse & Graphics Software.All of that aside, it is possible to install this software and then learn by the seat of your pants.  However, Corel's web site also has some useful tutorials to get you started.The software has some great brushes and PNG support and like the various filters.  There has also been at least one patch released by Corel.I would also suggest, from my experiences with trying to run the latest update of Quickbooks, that a clean install on a recently formatted drive would be the best way to go with this program.
First of all, I am not an "art" type,  but I do like photography and this program isamazing for photos.For many years I have gazed enviously at the prizewinning photos at our local fair, in magazines and online and have thought "How did they do that? They must have some fantastic version of Photoshop that I have never seen."Now I suspect that they had some version of this program.I cannot compare this to other art programs (other than Kid Pix, which is aimed at the under 10 set!) but it is phenomenal for making photographs into art.  If you just want to crop photos, clean up red eye, and do a little editing out (say of blemishes) then you do not need this program, it would be overkill.  If you want to be very creative and extend your photography into the area of artistic expression it is perfect.  If you have never used a photo editing program though, you are going to have to commit some major time to learning by experimentation.  The instruction book is very small, reminding me of a thicker than average music cd insert and is not going to teach you much.  Also Painter 11 has a lot of terms that must be art vocabulary that I did not know, but I quickly figured them out by just playing around with the program.I had no trouble installing this on my computer and have not experienced any problems with it freezing or crashing.  I am running XP on a Dell XPS 600 3 GHz machine, which is certainly not top of the line.I am moderately familiar with Photoshop (and Corel provides a nice section forPhotoshop users comparing the two programs).  Painter 11 gives you MUCH more control.Here are some of the things I was able to do within a few minutes of starting up the program:Convert a photo into a sketch, this is the most amazing thing, I made a photo of my daughter into a pencil drawing in about one minute.Convert a photo of our backyard into an impressionist type painting.  This took mefifteen minutes to figure out how to do, then I spent a long time messing around withthe contrast, and the brush strokes.Mess around with the "autopaint" which is a neat feature that changes your photos into different forms of paintings.I can not speak to the usefulness of the program for creating art from scratch, as that is beyond my ability, but it is easy to make photos into art with this program.I do think to get the most out of it, you need a tablet.  The mouse works, but does not give you the fine control offered by the program.  I think if you are a serious artist you need to consider the issues brought up by other reviews about bugs.  I did not find them just using Painter 11 as a high end photo editing software other than the mentioned issue with copy and paste to a new layer which was finicky.  I am deducting a half star for that issue and a half star for the fact that the manual is really not useful.Overall a really interesting photo editing program that has already used up many of my hours!
We've used Symantec anti-virus stuff for quite some time and Norton 360 is mostly more of the same. It works well for anti-virus and general computer protection... although, I turn off a good portion of the 'security' related stuff as I find it intrusive and slow. Whether or not this is something you want to do will depend on how computer literate you are. As someone who's a programmer and runs a software company, it's critical to have good AV protection, but for things like phishing and whatnot I don't need software constantly monitoring my emails. Also the firewall is an improvement over basic windows, but if you're really serious about a good firewall, there are better products out there.I've also turned off the backup stuff. Buy a RAID 0 external drive, and keep critical data on that. You'll be better off.That said, for most users, this is a pretty comprehensive product. Most users are not going to be 'hacked' and really what you should be concerned about is viruses and phishing scams. Norton does a pretty good job on both fronts. Ultimately, they can't stop you from believing some guy in Nigeria has $7m for you or force you to change the password on your wireless router from u: admin p: password (or blank). So some common sense is still necessary.
At this price you're not going to find a better all in one solution to computer security. Norton has had its off years, but I think it's doing much better with this release. If you actually use it on three computers, you are getting a bargain. No anti-virus solution is 100% effective, but this will protect you against many of the risks associated with using a computer on the internet.
I've had this installed for a week and so far, I've been relatively pleased.  Prior to receiving this product, I had been using ZoneAlarm and Avast! for my security needs.  Norton 360 adds on-line backup and privacy sweep to the list so you can literally have one stop shopping when it comes to all of your security and privacy needs.To start off, I uninstalled my firewall and virus protection and rebooted.  I inserted the Norton disk and installation took off.  All in all, the installation process only took about 5 minutes.  Once installed, the program updated itself and I was running the latest version of virus and spyware definitions.Protection comes in 4 groups:  PC Security (firewall, virus, spyware), Identity protection (identity safe items), Backup (you get 2GB free), PC Tuneup (disk defrag, registry sweep, useless file sweep).  So again, as you can see, Norton is out to handle all of your needs in this one product.  The beauty of the product is that it's goal is to do all of the work in the background.  Basically, set it and forget it for all of the scans, backups etc.All in all, I'm pretty happy with this product for my Dell Inspiron 1.83ghz machine.  It has a light memory footprint (only increased my startup usage by 1% from 26% to 27%).Some glitches I've come across is the program randomly not starting at boot-up, the automatic on-line backup says it was cancelled, yet the files were backed up, and I've had problem getting to the support page through links provided in the program.I'll give it run for the next year and see if it deserves a subscription renewal at that time.
I struggled for months figuring out the best way to write a review for this program and, admittedly, spent too much time testing it out as 2010 versions of security software are already starting to hit the shelves.  After testing a number of antivirus and internet security programs over the course of 2009, I would like to call this the best of them all as there are many features I absolutely love.  However there are also some serious design flaws in this program that make it almost unusable.I will get right down to the most serious issue.  This program absolutely cannot be used in Automatic Program Control (APC) mode.  APC mode is the "set it and forget it" mode that is enabled by default and allows Norton to work behind the scenes to allow "good" programs and block "bad" programs from accessing the Internet.  Most people like this because they're not bugged with all the annoying messages about whether to allow a program or not.  Unfortunately, when I ran a series of firewall breach tests (thanks Matousec!) with APC enabled, Norton 360 failed in every single one(!)  This means if you mistakenly download a trojan or backdoor, if it is not detected via the antivirus database Norton WILL allow it Internet access.  In my experience, if APC mode is enabled, 360 will allow Internet access automatically to any program we execute ourselves.  Fortunately I can say that with APC mode turned OFF, Norton 360 was able to detect and alert me to every potential firewall leak and give me the option to block it.To help users disable APC, I uploaded an image to show you where this setting is enabled.  To do this yourself, open the Norton 360 main menu by doubleclicking the Norton icon in the system tray, click "Settings" at the menu at the top, then click "Firewall" (2nd option from the left), then click the tab at the top right that says "Advanced Settings".  From there, turn Advanced Program Control OFF and make sure Advanced Events Monitoring is ON.  Unfortunately this will mean that you will receive the occasional message when you execute an unknown program or a program tries to access the Internet for the first time.  It will give you information like the filename and the directory the file is located so you can determine whether the file is safe.  Once you select Allow Always, it won't bug you again.  In other words, it may seem annoying at first, but eventually you won't even notice it and it's much safer than leaving APC enabled.That major gripe aside, this really is the best version of security software Symantec has ever made.  Following the trend of "just enough to get the job done" computing that the explosion of netbooks has taught the computer industry, Norton 360 is stripped down and optimized in order to have a negligible effect on computer resources, even on my aging computer.  Installation was unbelievably fast.  It really is the fastest and most trouble free version of antivirus software that I have ever used.  Most of the menus are intuitive and settings are easy to find.  Scans and backups are automatic and behind the scenes.  Most things happen while the computer is idle and you won't get the annoying menus in your face while it's updating which always used to disrupt our work in the past.  Amazingly, customer service has improved too!Let's start with customer service.  Finally, we get something besides a FAQ to look at.  When we open support it will automatically install flash player if we need it, then scan our computer for potential problems.  If that doesn't work we can open a chat session and the person on the other end has the ability to fix things from their end if we allow them to (they'll ask first).  I did run into one problem, they'll assign ticket number for us to enter if a reboot is necessary.  When I accessed the Symantec website in order to enter the ticket number and reconnect I was unable to do so.  A serious issue that happened to me twice.  They say they are working on the problem. We'll see.  Talking to a human is an available option but still a fee service.  Regardless, this level of service is much improved versus others that send you to a FAQ or force you to wait days for a return email.Backups work well and you are allowed to select whatever you want along with system files if desired. Backup can be done to either the Internet (2MB max, more costs extra) or other hard drives, including external devices.  The only problem I run into is it seems to backup items almost every single time I let my computer idle or when I'm watching a DVD.  It would be nice if idle function could be set for a little longer than just half an hour.  Backups to CD/DVD are available but you will need to do this manually.  Now for the bad news, in spite of constant complaining by Norton Users, Norton 360 still will not do a complete clone of your system to another drive.  If your hard drive crashes, your backed up files will be safe as long as they were saved elsewhere.  As far as restoring Windows, prepare to suffer the joys of Windows reinstallation.  If you want a real backup system (hard drive cloning), I would recommend Casper by Future System Solutions.  I like the way backup works, but until Norton is able to restore our operating system as well as files I will always knock off a star.One nice feature about websurfing is Norton examines websites on the fly and will warn you if you are entering personal information in a website deemed unsafe.  When you Google Search, you will now see green checkmarks next to all sites deemed safe along with grey for unsure or red for unsafe.  In addition Norton 360 has "Identity Cards" you can set up that are similar to a popular program named Roboform.  By using the identity cards, you can enter repetitious personal information like your name and address and so on into webforms automatically whenever you wish.  A paranoid person like me does get a little concerned about entering personal information into Norton but I've learned to trust the encryption and it's a wonderful time saver.  Again, none of these features seem to slow down websurfing at all.  My only gripe is that the two icons representing Norton's services have to take up an entire toolbar and they won't allow anything else to be added to the large blank line that takes up precious space.  What gives?With APC mode disabled, the antivirus scans work as they should.  I have caught a few false positives which is problematic because it quarantines them automatically.  I have yet to find an option for it to do otherwise, even though I have the "remove viruses automatically" setting turned OFF.  It's also a giant clickfest in order to find out what files Norton actually removed.  After a scan (or whenever you return to your computer and start working), a popup will appear that tells you x number of files contained viruses, but then you have to click, click, click through a giant database that logs every action taken by Norton in order to find the exact filenames.  Once you find the files, there is an option to submit them to Symantec for review but the false positives don't seem to be resolved quickly.  The so-called Security History Database is a real mess and could use some optimization of its own.Now... all this said, it probably sounds like I hate this program but the truth is it's the most aggravation free program I have ever used.  Those gripes I have mentioned have been the only ones I have come across after months and months of use.  Aside from the APC problem, the program runs like a dream.  When you start an antivirus scan and realize that you don't even notice a reduction in performance, you'll know what I mean.  The pulse updates are truly awesome and everything that is supposed to work just works as it should.  You are notified of pretty much everything that you should know about.  Gripes aside, I still think Norton 360 is the best security software of 2009.Edit 11/4/09:  Found some of the notes I misplaced.* It's time Norton starts supporting the popular email programs for antispam that are not MS Outlook.* I miss watching all the blocks being moved around during a defrag.  It was strangely hypnotizing.* Each monthly report shows 'x' intrusions were blocked but there are no details in the database.* The backup process works fine but setup is really slow and laggy.* A nice feature is Delayed Startup to make your bootup times faster.  The problem is the delayed programs start about 5 min later whether you're working or not.  Some programs may steal focus.  The feature could be improved if Norton waited until there was no activity on the computer before executing.
NOrton still has it. The 360 for 2009 has everything you need to protect your computer without additional add ons. It's no different than McAfee's total protection. BUT...Norton has a wider user base which means you can find supported programs with ease. Many users have problems with McAfee's compatablility with some Vista programs.  Norton is your best bet for ease of use with other programs.
I am not a TechGuy.  If software is supposed to protect my computer, I assume it will do so with minimal intrusion into my computer usage.  I have had this on a Vista platform for four months.  It does not seem to bog down the computer, does not interfere with my work, and I don't believe any AlienGeeks have taken over my computer for their own nefarious purposes.  So by my standards, this software works.
Since Norton Internet Security was revised and stopped hogging PC resources, I have started using it on all of my computers at home and at work. It is an excellent product. Now with Norton 360, you are getting the entire internet suecurity package plus additional software that can help optimize your computer. There are some extended security features as well that are impossible for the user to evaluate, since the ideal perfomance is that you are never aware that of any of the problems that might have occurred. Antivirus updates are frequent and non-intrusive. Customization is possible, but for most people the settings that are the defaults are all that is needed. I would reccommend Norton 360 as an extended version of the excellent Norton Internet Security package.
I used this product on my sister's pc which I was fixing which was just riddled with viruses and spy ware.  Installation was easy and fairly quick - much easier than a number of other anti-virus products that I've used and/or reviewed.Also the 3 user license is nice.  I'd like to see that extended to 5 as the average tech savvy family that I know now has that many pcs and laptops operating out of their home.  3 is an improvement though, and definitely adds to the value of the product.  If you are comparing this to another product before purchasing, definitely pay attention to that.Her computer had one of the popular "FREE" anti-virus programs on it that my niece had installed in an effort to clean her mom's computer.  It is a testament to the value of Norton that it found **3** trojan that the UPDATED free av did not find or clean.  That's why this pc was having problems - the free av wasn't finding these trojans, and they kept downloading more and more.  It had crippled this pc.  I had to disconnect it from the internet to be able to install Norton.  If you have trouble, try that.Then it cleaned it and it was running without a hitch.  She's got an older pc only used for surfing, and the Norton itself slowed it down to a crawl when it was scanning.  I found I had to disable it until I added half a gig more memory.  This edition of Norton is getting better, but it is still a memory hog in my opinion.  There are other products that are good out there that do not do this - still, for a newer PC, Norton would be a top choice.  I was a network administrator for a number of years on a HUGE network - and we relied on Norton.  Their customer service is excellent.  Being the provider to a lot of the large networks gives them an advantage on getting access to the newer bugs too as they are submitted.  It's like, they have a bigger net.  That can be very important to business PCs- potentially a lot more than for home users.
I had to delete Kaspersky to install this antivirus--which I was glad to do, because Kaspersky drove me NUTS with its constant popping up and lack of user interface.  NASA uses Norton (my husband's computers all have Norton) and I have been happy with it in the past, but the program that the government provides is very basic and requires much babysitting.  This Norton, on the other hand, is simply fantastic.  (Took awhile to get there, but which I'll explain.)When I first installed this program, it took FOREVER to get set up and to do the first overall run (spyware, adware, virus, trojan checks; computer optimization, backups...etc.)  I'm talking like 2 days!  Now my computer is 5 years old (and is limited to 2gb of RAM which I have overclocked, but it's still slower than I'd like) so I can't blame the Norton on the long delays in running these integrated programs.  (Well, I can't chalk it wholly up to Norton...Norton has in the past been reported to be a memory hog.)Now that it is running and those first scans and backups have been accomplished, it is remarkable.  It backs up your data onto an external hard drive (or internet site or where ever you want it).  It optimizes your hard drive with defrags and cleanups.  It lets you know when your programs are out of date or unused so you can delete them and free up disk space.  It tells you if you have a hardware conflict (it turned out that mine DID, and it didn't even show up on the Control Panel).  Oh--and it opens the door to your Startup so you can edit which programs run when you turn on your computer--no need to do the Msconfig nonsense.  That's wonderful in and of itself.  Everything is automatic--you don't have to remember to update or run your scans--and it knows when you are idle and will scan and back up while you aren't using your computer.  Cool.It scans your email, remembers the addresses you automatically delete, tells you if it finds something, etc.I really love this antivirus program.  It does the job (so far, so good) and hasn't slowed down my computer during day to day activities.I highly recommend this product!!  :)
For many IT specialists, Norton probably wears the crown of derision for PC security solutions with McAfee a worthy competitor to displace it. Some criticisms were justified while a number of others could be placed in the same context as the missives fired at the Vista O.S., where holding the position as the market leader automatically sets up the product as a target.  I have been a user of Norton products for over twenty years, including each of the versions of 360 and although this version still has a few omissions I would like to see addressed, for the Home user who may prefer to devote discretionary time to endeavors beyond systems administration and maintenance, it is a worthwhile and recommendable option.For first time installers or users considering a return to the Norton family line, 360 is a comprehensive security suite with an array of processes and tasks consolidated in a single application. The complement of features can be found in the manufacturer's description above. Each of the features could be addressed through other resources and admittedly, a few of them might well be more effectively administered by standalone apps, but for the user who wants to set it and forget it, this product is arguably without peers.For current or past users who may have experienced a degree of frustration with system response time degradation due to the demands 360 placed on system resources and obstructive non-controllable initiation of the LiveUpdate program at what appeared to be the most inconvenient times, that process while it still exists, has been rendered a non-issue by pulse updating for virus definitions and the heuristic learning components in the latest version.  One of my PCs is an ancient CPU with 256MB memory that I keep around because it refuses to die and it is helpful in testing software products that are supposed to function in appreciably modest platforms. The earlier versions of 360 were distressing to use on that CPU but this new one is impressive. Norton also claims version 3 consumes less than 10 MB of memory and based on my monitoring of it, I have not seen it exceed that upper limit to date (two months of utilization with intermittent review of the task manager).Back-up options have been expanded and although back-up to an external drive or even an iPod is supported so far as I can determine it still does not support back-up to an NAS or Server or accommodate image back-up. One method to circumvent that omission was to use Norton Ghost for those options however the installation of version deletes past versions of LiveUpdate (required for Ghost) and with the improvements I've noticed in performance I am reluctant to attempt a re-installation of Ghost. This is the most significant flaw for my personal needs since it requires that I still use alternative methods to effect full back-up coverage. This also alludes to the primary distinctions between the base version of 3.0 and the premiere edition where the only difference I can determine is expanded off-site storage capacity (2GB versus 25GB), neither of which I have any intention of using.Other upgrades including the capability to manage Startup tasks, silent mode processing, revisions to network monitoring package and an improved registry cleaner (although it appears the cleaner is oblivious to Symantec junk), diagnostic recommendations - problematic for me as the results with different PCs on my network were mixed; in one case it inaccurately detected the amount of memory and processing speed.  And, the curious contention of a new web safe feature, a feature comparable to McAfee's site advisor and one that was already existent in version 2.0.One major negative of course is the cost as annual renewals via Norton appear to be more expensive than cancellation and re-purchase of a new copy the software. I don't compare this package to free anti-virus applications since the free options do not meet anywhere near as many maintenance requirements under a single umbrella.In sum, this product is not going to convince IT techs to return to Norton, for a plethora of reasons, however for the home user who wants a good comprehensive package, it looks like the best option out there right now.
The last time I used Norton was 2005. That version was horrible and caused many issues.I am suprised that Symantec has turned it around to make an outstanding product. Gone are the extremely slow boot up times. Gone are the CPU and Memory resource issues with active protect. However, when doing a full scan the CPU usage wil flucuate between 35% to 80% usage.  Yes that is high but the scanning will only take place when your computer is idle. So as long as you do not do a manual scan than you will never be impacted by the CPU usage.If you use Google Chrome, then the Norton Safe Web, Anti-phishing does not workWith Norton 360 you are protected in many ways, which is important in this day and age of the internet.The suite of solutions inlude- Antivirus- AntiSpyware- Firewall- Email Scanning- IM Scanning- Indentity Protection (Anti-Phishing, Safe Web)- Backup System (with 2GB of online storage)- PC Tuneup (Disk Optimization, Temporary file cleanup, registry cleanup, etc)The Online Storage of 2GB will be useless if you have many digital pictures and MP3 files. Personally I use Mozy for that.I do not recommend Norton 360 for PC Security and rate 4 stars because of the complete solution it provides but it is not perfect.
I was completely shocked at the improvement of this year's edition over last year's.  I expected slow and clunky software, but instead found more streamlined, user friendly software.Setting up Norton 360 3.0 was simple.  The new version deleted the old version and installed itself.  Installation took about 15 minutes, making me reboot several times.After it was up and running, it performed well.  It immediately found a Trojan without my having performed an initial scan.  This Trojan was probably lurking on my computer, which the old version of Norton completely was unaware.Then, I set up the back up software.  Norton scanned for important documents and found files I would likely want to back up (images/documents/music/etc).  I was to able choose which of these files I wanted to back up and given options on where I wanted them backed up - to an external server, external hard drive, DVD burner, and so forth.  Included in 360 is 2GBs of sever space from Norton.  Obviously, this isn't enough to back up images and music, but it is enough to back up important documents.Next, I scanned for viruses.  Norton found a few minor issues and deleted the malicious files.Finally, I defragged my hard drive, which took several hours.So far, I have been quite pleased with the new Norton 360.  It runs smoothly in the back ground and is far less intrusive than last year's edition.  I'm surprised that I can actually recommend this software.
For Anti-Virus software I used to be a Norton guy.  Then Norton's software got way to pushy and cumbersome, and just seemed to bog down my computer.  I then moved to McAfee which worked okay for a while, but I didn't like the interface and lack of control it gave me.  So now I am back to Norton and I am pleased.First of all while this program seems to run "lighter" (Uses less computer resources) then previous versions of Norton, you should realize that you will need a newer computer with plenty of RAM.  I know it sucks.  You have a computer that is four years old, still runs great for all the work you do and you just want to keep it protected.  Well I am afraid Norton 360 will bog your PC down.However if you have a newer computer with plenty of memory and power this is a really nice suite of applications to have.  The 360 product really does cover all aspects of the computer from internet security and virus protection to performance and networking.  It actually would be a good program for novice computer users or families with multiple users as it would help keep things straight and running well on the computer.Older versions of Norton seemed to have the habit of restricting programs from talking to each other, or allowing program to uses certain computer resources, you know conflicts of various types, this version appears to be much better at that.Another nice feature of this program is that it allows you to install the program on three separate PCs.  So if you have multiple computers in you home you can install this copy on up to 3 different computers.  So you do get some value from that, take it into account.So if you have an older computer I would recommend you choose a less comprehensive program like just the internet security software, but if you have a newer more powerful computer this may be a program you could use to keep your computer safe.
I have a Bachelor's of Science degree in Computer Science with a Minor in Security and Forensics.  I feel qualified to speak about this product as a professional in the field.  I am not an "expert" because I do not work in the "Virus" scanning or software field, and I do not work for Norton.  But I am a professional in the field of Computer Science and Computer Security.Note: I am putting the word "virus" in quotes, to emphasize that the word is a media creation, and is not entirely indicative of the real behaviors and traits of malicious codes and programs.  In biology, an organism can "catch" a real virus by simply being near it and/or exposed to it.  In the world of computer security, active acceptance of a "virus" is needed, in order to "get it."  This can include running unknown downloads, browsing shifty websites with an insecure browser, etc.  Security threats can come from a multitude of sources: websites, downloads, programs, scripts, macros, etc.  They are called all sorts of names: "spyware," "malware," "viruses," etc.  All of these names and categories try to order and control something which is by its very nature uncontrollable.  It is better to call is all "malicious code" and stop trying to categorize it.  But, for the purposes of this review, "virus" refers to a type of malicious computer code which is generally intended to do harm to a target computer, and/or to ferret out financial/personal information, and/or capture control of a computer to allow the "virus" writer to use it for illegal purposes later.First of all, let me state that I generally don't use any form of "Virus" security software.  I generally don't trust them, and I do not like their subscription model of business.  Over the years, I have used: AVG, McAfee, Norton, and lesser known products to CLEAN an infected system I was called in to look at.  But, I do not use the products myself on my own systems.  I generally use a simple firewall and on some more critical systems I will also use a behavior monitor to flag and block suspicious behaviors from software.  If one follows good computer security practices, security software above a firewall and possibly a behavior monitor (such as from ZoneAlarm Pro or PC Tools "ThreatFire" or SpyBot's "TeaTimer") are all you need.  Even with all of the security software in the world, you STILL have a chance of being hit, especially from a "zero day" threat.  Because of that, the only way to 100% protect your data, is to perform regular backups.However, I have to give Norton credit for giving this product a good "college try."  First of all, they are doing their best to protect against "zero day" threats.  A "zero day" threat is a threat on the day it is released.  This is usually a problem, because most security software, especially "virus" scanners tend to rely on program "signatures" -- the names, and code and makeup of specific virus files.  The "virus" is most dangerous on the day of its release, because the security software hasn't been updated to recognize it yet.  In the past, updates to get new "signatures" used to happen on a daily or even a weekly schedule.  This left a window of opportunity to get hit before the signatures were updated.  And frequently, once you have been hit, the "virus" will disable your security software, or render itself invisible to it.  Norton 360 v. 3.0 is attempting to combat this by literally checking for updates every 5-10 minutes or so.  Additionally, Norton sets up an automatic backup process which can be used to restore critical files after a disaster.  This will not help if your entire hard drive gets nuked by a virus, but it is better than nothing.So, how did I test this product?  I threw the proverbial kitchen sink at it, that's how.  Note, this product requires Windows XP SP 2 or greater to install.  The first test system I attempted to install it on was an original XP system with no updates.  It refused to install (as do AVG and MacAfee for that matter, just to be fair).  So, I installed it on a test system which I slightly more used than the older test system.  Once I had installed it, run its updates, and run all of the scans, etc. (it found nothing, which is what I expected it to find), I was ready to try to break it.  I networked a known corrupted system to the test system, and opened the network and file sharing protocols.  I began accessing files, moving known infected files to the test system, etc.  Basically, I gave the infected system the chance to take over the test system.  I also loaded known virus files of various types (including Unix/Linux viruses which have no affect on Windows systems) to see if Norton would spot them, and what it would do with them.Sure enough, the infected system started trying to get into the test system over the network.  And I started receiving pop-up messages from Norton telling me over and over again that "such and such virus, or process, or whatever" had been blocked.  It also dug up, within minutes, all of the known "virus" files and folders (even the Unix/Linux ones) I had loaded.  Okay, so it was good at blocking bad stuff from a few months ago, and known "virus" files, even from other operating systems.  What about zero day stuff?  I hit a "hacker" website with an unsecured version of Internet Explorer (v. 5) which is known to try to inject into insecure browsers.  Norton blocked it.  I then downloaded the source code to a "virus" the "hacker" community was promoting, and compiled it and ran it (I altered the source code so it wouldn't actually harm any of the files on the test system if Norton failed), and sure enough, Norton had a signature for it, and blocked it.  So, Norton 360 was able to repel attacks from a known infected agent.  It was able to catch all of the "virus" files I presented it with, it was able to repel attacks from a known bad website, and it was able to catch and repel a self inflicted attack from a "zero day" "virus."  Not bad.  Not bad at all.  For someone like my mother or grandmother, this is exactly the kind of product they need.  It takes care of the details, and leaves them (more or less) safe.The other features Norton 360 v. 3.0 has are fairly trivial.  It has a disc optimization wizard (read: defrag), and a cleanup wizard (read: delete temporary files).  Most of its PC Tune-up tools are either included in Windows, available for free online, or unadvisable.  Their registry cleaner seems OK, but any time you mess around with the registry, you are asking for trouble.  The backup function works fine, and can be scheduled to run automatically.  And the identity protection stuff works fine too.  If you are running Mozilla's "Firefox" you already have most of the tools that the identity protection offered by Norton offers, such as identifying insecure websites, etc.  It has too many features too really rate and enumerate individually.  I tested the major ones that an average user is going to care about.Now, on to my only major gripe about Norton 360 v. 3.0 (and all security software suites for that matter).  They claim, "Norton 360 3.0 [is] the industry's fastest, lightest, most complete security solution" and they claim that, "[it] is the fastest and lightest all-in-one PC protection solution available on the market today. [...] using significantly fewer system resources, so it won't slow you down: [...] It uses less than 10 MB of memory."Well, true enough, it generally didn't use more than 10MB of RAM.  But who cares about RAM usage?  Most PCs on the market these days come with 1GB of RAM, or more.  It is CPU usage, which is the problem.  And just like every other security software suite like Norton which I have used, 360 v. 3.0 is a resource hog, just like all the others.  Scans consistently topped 50% CPU usage.  The test system is a 3.2GHz, dual core processor, with 2GB of RAM, running Windows XP SP3.  When scanning, or doing anything CPU intensive, the computer basically freezes, or runs very slow, until the CPU has been released.  This behavior is true of all security software, so Norton cannot be dinged too hard for this, which is why I am only subtracting 1 star from the review.  However, they COULD have been a bit more honest in their claims and advertising.  The thing is a resource hog, plain and simple.  The main process running in system memory is pretty much always claiming 5-15% of the CPU, and whenever it is doing something more involved, then it regularly pings the CPU to 50% or higher.My only other complaint about the product is how chatty it is.  By default, it will pop-up and bug you whenever it has ANYTHING to report to you, including "tracking cookies" (which are not a real security threat.)  This gets annoying after the 100th pop-up telling you it has blocked something.  This behavior can be modified in the settings, but it is on by default.  Norton also will ignore you if you restore a file which it has identified as a "virus," and it will re-delete the file when it encounters it again.  This is a problem if you are a computer security professional, and part of your job is to archive and analyze security threats.  I had to encrypt the files I wanted to keep, in order to prevent Norton from finding them, and trying to delete them.  Good job to Norton on being so aggressive, but they need to make it easier for a professional to override the program.So, overall, I rate the product a 4/5, with it losing a star for its less than honest advertising about how "fast and light" it was, and for the other obnoxious behavior listed above.  I will not be continuing to use the product, because as I stated previously, I don't use any major security products.  But, from the tests I ran, I would be perfectly happy to recommend this product to any family member or anyone in the general public, so long as they had the money for the product itself, and to pay for the updates subscription.
I started using Norton back in the days of DOS (who remembers Norton Commander?) and stuck with it, blindly loyal, until about four years ago when I finally had to admit it did nothing but slow my computer to a crawl.But recently, knowing that myGrisoft AVG Internet Security - 2 Year Subscriptioncomplete had bloated nearly as much, I decided to try it again.I'm writing on a Toshiba laptop that very, very much needed reformatting.  It's a Satellite XP named Old Faithful. I'd given it such a workout that when Vista was being introduced, I bought a new model of the same machine still loaded with XP, just in case. I installedVipre Antivirus+Antispy Home Licenseon the newer one, and it's a terrific little program.But Old Faithful needed more help.  It really needed reformatting, which is why the newer computer was loaded. Before bothering to reformat, though, I thought I'd see what Norton 360 could do to speed it up.I uninstalled AVG and installed Norton.  That was six weeks ago and I haven't felt the need to go to the bother of reformatting.Norton cleaned Old Faithful and offers all sorts of advice and help to allow you to safely speed things up.  The program, while still resource-heavy while running, is much slicker than it used to be, faster than AVG's Security Suite, and, well. . . It was taking this computer five minutes to boot up before.  Now it's up in a minute.  Not incredibly fast for many computers -- but trust me, Old Faithful is almost as fast as it was when it was new.I'll probably still reformat, but thanks to Norton 360, I'll do it when I want to, not when I absolutely have to.
I've used Norton Internet Security for years, but decided to try Norton 360 because of its backup capabilities. The good news is that it works. The slilghtly bad news is that it requires a lot out of the computer... memory, operation, etc. I like it, but I guess that having a backup system comes with a slight price. Oh well...
I am not a full-time draftsman, far from it. What I've always wanted was perfect AutoCAD compatibility for occasional use, without paying for the full version of AutoCAD that I don't need.AutoCAD LT 2010 finally fills this requirement, and does it very well. I was able to open and edit AutoCAD 2010 files with no issues at all. Whether I was reviewing someone else's drawings, or creating drawings of my own from scratch, this package delivers nicely.Previous versions of LT have choked on some advanced AutoCAD features, and invariably the drawings I have to review include those features. Other times, I really need an AutoCAD feature that just isn't included in the LT version. LT 2010 includes everything I can think of, including things like opening and editing in-place of external reference .dwg files, support for publishing to plotters, object alignment, and a lot of the block reference features.It has almost everything...except it doesn't have any of AutoCAD 2010 3D modelling and rending capabilities, and it won't even print AutoCAD 3D images. This last one rankles a bit, because I inevitably have to call the client back and ask them to convert to a format I can handle, or print it themselves. I understand that AutoDesk has to reserve something for the premium product. But if AutoCAD LT 2010 just handled 3D printing, I'd give it 5 stars.Four stars for near perfection, with great AutoCAD file compatibility (except 3D).
autocad LT 2010 is a good substitute for professionals who need 2D drafting tools, but who don't want to pay for the full version of Autocad. This is NOT the tool for someone looking to make basic drawings of their home, business or DIY projects.I work for is a steel stocking and manufacturing company. We receive drawings from customers in Autocad format every day. All of our work is 2D, and Autocad is an essential tool in our portfolio of applications. The full version of Autocad is several hundred dollars more than this `Lite' version. That being said, make sure you compare the features of the Lite vs full versions at [...] so that you don't end up missing a feature that you need.This is NOT the program for an average person looking to do casual drawings, floor plans, flow charts, etc. If you are an average user, the best program to use for you is likely to be Microsoft Visio. While it cannot do many of the technical things that Autocad can do, it can allow you to make floor plans, simple part drawings, etc.Comparing v10 to previous versions:You are going to either love or hate the ribbon. I like it. So do the people in my drafting department, including people who have been using Autocad for 10+ years.The alignment functionality saves a lot of time. Worth the price of the upgrade by itself.Layer management has been improved. Also worth the price of the upgrade.If you are in need of training, or a refresher, I highly recommend the DVD-based training available through CADD Train - [...]
Sorry for the short review, I lost my Hard Drive with all of these programs on it. Including the review for this product. Because I no longer have the disks (its been 2 years) I can only write from recollection. I thoroughly enjoyed using this software and do recommend it in its latest iteration 2013. Autocad has been the standard for Computer Aided Design ever since PCs entered the market. This version 2010 while older does contain the necessary tools for a designer. If you are going to be doing any computer aided design, this is the software for you. Many of the issues with 2010 have been corrected in the subsequent releases.Now in 2013 that were not in 2010:Multi-functional GripsHide and Isolate ObjectsCreate and Select Similar ObjectsAuto-Complete Command EntryDelete Duplicate ObjectsContent ExplorerAssociate ArraysClickable Command Line OptionsProperty Edit PreviewViewport Change PreviewPoint Cloud SupportAutodesk Materials LibraryAssociative Surface ModelingEditable UCS IconIn-Canvas Viewport ControlsInventor FusionSurface Curve ExtractionContext Sensitive PressPullObject and Layer TransparencyHatch PreviewSend Hatches to BackInferred ConstraintsBase and Projected ViewsBlend CurvesCopy ArraySection and Detail ViewsStrike-thru TextModern User TemplatesDWG(tm) ConvertIGES, CATIA, Rhiino, Pro/Engineer, and STEP ImportAutoCAD WSInventor File ImportAutodesk Cloud ConnectivitySocial Media ConnectivityCUIx File FormatOnline License TransferMigration ResetMultiple Plot File Search PathsCustomization and Support File SyncAutoCAD Apps on Autodesk ExchangeThanks!
This is obviously the right program for a beginner who likes to play with ideas and designs but doesn't need the full out version.  This program is complicated enough to do the things you want it to do and it will do far far more.I set it up with Architecture settings because that is what I am most interested in, as someone who has been involved in restoring and renovating a hundred year old farmhouse-- forever.  I had been playing around with the program in terms of design but without really scratching the surface of what this program could do.  I put additions on our house and took them off.  I made plans for our yard.  I also designed a few things of furniture, which are best to never be made and certainly not sat on.It was fun.  I knew that there were more than half of the tricks in this that I wasn't even aware of, let alone figured out how to use.Once I had a book calledUp and Running with AutoCAD 2011: 2D and 3D Drawing and Modeling, this all changed.  This book clarified the program, teaching the user everything from the beginning.  Like many programs, you have to know what you want to ask it to do in order for it to work.  And in order to be able to use it, you need to do a lot of practice - a lot!One of the things that I found the most interesting is how accessible this program is.  I've been able to draw a sketch of my house and add to it one of the extensions we've planned on doing, by expanding the front porch.  This way when the naysayers in my family reject my great ideas, they can see them first.The largest flaw to this program was that I was not able to use if very effectively until I had a textbook.  This program came with 10 `recipe' cards which spoke only to using the getting started up to align and block attributes.  I would have been able to use it for a lot more things had I understood it better.My computers caused me a great deal of difficulty getting this program operational.  I had difficulty at first, because my computer was at the lower end of the requirements for RAM and was a little slower than necessary.  I added memory to the computer and that helped.  But then I tried installing Parallels and then Windows 7 on my MacBook Pro and found that most things I ran using that were a little sluggish, including this program.  These were all user errors, obviously.  Eventually I had to get a new PC for work and on this one, a Toshiba Satellite, all is well in my PC world.  It's incredibly simple when you are using the right tools.  This is a great and useful program!
This program is very good for 2D work.  It is very powerful and has a lot of tools.  I am new to AutoCAD and did have trouble getting used to it at first.  I asked a friend with more AutoCAD experience to give it a try and give me his impression.  He also liked it and felt it was good for 2D work.  That being said, he also felt that he preferred his older version (2002) and said he wasn't interested in upgrading.  He said he could make custom tools in his older version and this version doesn't appear to allow that.  The ribbon integration looks very sleek, but might actually make things more complicated.If you don't absolutely need to upgrade, there is probably no reason to.  If you are looking for new software, however, this is an excellent choice.
The main thing about Autocad LT 2010 is that you should first decide before buying it whether your needs can be safely restricted to 2 dimensions. If so, then LT can be a good and affordable alternative to the full 3 dimensional Autocad 2010.Some features in LT are welcome and perhaps somewhat overdue. Like True Color. It lets you define a colour using HSL or RGB, or by picking from an existing colour book. The GUI for this is easy to use.One cautionary note concerns the importing of Autocad files. You can basically do so, with the caveat that 3 dimensional features written using the full Autocad won't be readable under LT. [Which makes sense, after all.]Be aware that LT, while having less features than the full product, is still very complex. The first time using LT, when confronted with the GUI and all the menu items and options can be overwhelming and confusing. What LT offers is an extensive bunch of tutorials. If you have never used any version of Autocad, you need to invest considerable hours in taking those tutorials. There's no way to avoid spending time learning LT. Autodesk has carefully written those tutorials to provide extensive coverage of all the LT features. Having said this, you might still want to have an accompanying hardcopy text on Autocad; preferably a recent version.Speaking of complexity, LT is all about 2 dimensions; so we have objects that are equivalent to 2d images. Hence, like Adobe's Postscript, the concept of layers is used, as a powerful way to build up complex 2d objects. Interestingly enough, Autodesk recognises that you can go too far in this direction, by having too many layers. Layer management itself becomes necessary. The Layer Manager in LT and the improved capabilities of individual layers now means that you can reduce the number of layers and so hopefully reduce some complexity in your objects.Some features do seem to add to the complexity of the overall product while perhaps having only [how can I put this?] limited appeal. Like the use of non-rectangular viewport?! Who does this? I can see how this was coded. It's not difficult mathematically to make a bounding rectagular viewport from a non-rectangular one, using the former in manipulations, and then cutting down to the latter when doing a rendering. Still, it sounds more like a gimmick than a widespread need. This is how products get bloated; just like some latest features in Microsoft Office.
I had more less the same experience as most people who owned this product. It installed smoothly in my MacBook Pro with Leopard 10.5; installation is a non-event. The software announced itself with a scan and it took a litte while to run.Then that was it. About the only thing I noticed was my web browsing slowed down a little, barely recognizable. I am not sure it is because of this product, or other factors. Slow response could come from a thousand different things, so I really dont pay much attention.I generally never had problem with viruses on my Mac, but I think some precaution is good as I planned to use the Mac more for important stuffs like banking and shopping. I am doing those with my PC now, but got tired with dealing with constantly upgrading virus protection software.It seems like a good product. Like buying insurance, you have it and hope never have to use it. Not a whole lot of security software for Mac out there, so this is a good choice.
Trend Micro, Smart Surfing for Mac:If you run a Mac you most likely have no anti-virus or anti malware software running. That could be a mistake. As the Mac becomes more and more popular, having protection is a good thing. That's where this product comes in. One of the most common places to pick up trouble is while surfing the Internet. "Smart Surfing" is there  to protect you.To start with, the installation was simple and quick. Insert the CD and follow the onscreen prompts and installs just that easily.  Most of the protective tasks occur in the background and automatically. On my Mac Mini, I requested a full scan and it took about 20 hours to complete! That's a bit looooong but all was well. It will automatically update itself also to get the newest definition files.There really isn't much to notice, it all goes on in the background. You're protected against virii, phishing, malware and spyware.  It does its job quietly and efficiently. I felt no slowdown or stress under normal use. Full scans were a bit more forward but that should be expected. Good job reasonable price from a major security software company.
&#2951; Fuzzy Wuzzy's Summary:&#1150;&#1150;&#1150;&#1150; Recommended with warm fuzzies.To use a restaurant analogy, this bundling of stripped-down photo and video applications reminds me of the fixed-price appetizer-entree-dessert bundling that restaurants sometimes offer to entice diners to eat a meal there at a more moderate price than had they chosen whatever they wanted from the a la carte menu.  The bundle of applications included in this suite is actually very usable for photo and video beginners: VideoStudio Express for video editing, PaintShop Photo Express for performing basic one-click-does-it-all sorts of photo editing, WinDVD for playing DVDs and videos, DVD Factory for burning DVDs, and Instant Viewer photo viewer/browser.For photo or video beginners, I rate this collection of applications that is oriented towards spoon-fed ease of use 4 stars.  However, my main reservation (no restaurant pun intended) to this collection of software is that if you are either an intermediate or (especially) advanced user of photo or video editing software, or if you are a beginning user of this software who wants to progress into advanced "power user" levels of features, you will soon hit a wall with the limited set of tools and functionality that the VideoStudio Express and PaintShop Photo Express, in particular, provide.If you foresee yourself diving more into advanced both photo and video editing capabilities, I would skip a bundle like this and head straight for the higher learning curve, and likewise higher ability, of Adobe Photoshop Elements or even Corel's own CorelDRAW Graphics Suite X4 is far more powerful, albeit more expensive.  But in a way, the "you get what you pay for" law still applies here.  There are likewise far better video editing software out there, both commercial and free.  But as a beginner-level package for people who either are less literate with using software or do not care to tinker too much with their photos and videos, this is a pretty good and useful bundle.
The photo editing capabilities are there, but not very good--certainly not for a professional or an artist.  The video, however, is quite easy to use to make 'business-class' presentations; we are using this right now to create a video of a meeting we hosted with a country's prime minister, and feel that it is fine for this purpose.
Corel Digital Studio 2010 (CDS) is a seamless suite of four tools for video and DVD editing--PaintShop Photo, VideoStudio, DVD Factory, and WinDVD.PaintShop Photo is a nifty photo viewer with a multitude of printing options.  It filters for various color levels and special effects.  On the downside, PaintShop does not provide the most clarity and distinct finish on large photos.VideoStudio works well for organizing and viewing videos and does basic editing tasks, including triming, grabbing snapshots and fine-tuning colors and contrasts.WinDVD is a DVD player with typical features such as title and chapter search.  It is simple and uncluttered on the desktop.Finally, VideoSTudio makes conversion of video files in various formats simple.As a fairly unsophisticated user, this suite is totally adequate, easy to use and reasonably priced.