NOLO does it again!! What a gold mine!! Having and using Quicken WillMaker Plus 2011 is like having a lawyer standing nearby giving you FREE legal advice as you construct your will, page by page (and each will is tailored to the current laws and regulations of the state you live in). With every new page that opens the user has a corresponding Help page with informational advice, to help the user complete that one specific page. The will can be completed in one fell swoop (give yourself plenty of time to do this if you are completing it in one session) OR saved to be continued at a later date (note - while creating your will, or any important document for that matter -- remember to hit the save button often).The extra added bonus of the Living Trust is an exceptional accompaniment to this already highly-useful software. No stone appears to be left unturned.The bonus book - our Little Legal Companion" is not as flippant or useless as some of the reviewers seem to think -- this book has GREAT (FREE!!!!) Legal advice as well as some interesting jokes (comic relief?) and should appeal to a wide range of individuals.What's NOT to love about the Quicken WillMaker Plus 2011????NOTE: County and City Libraries and/or Community Centers should consider installing this program on their public computers so patrons can use it.
Quicken WillMaker Plus 2011 is an updated version of their WillMaker Plus 2009 - a version I already had on my Vista 64-bit computer prior to the install of the newer version.  Initially I thought about uninstalling the first version, but then I thought I'd see if the older version was detected, and if so, what would be the recommended action.  Much to my surprise the software not only recognized the older installed version, but it also transfered documents I had partially done in the 2009 version to the 2011 one.  It was seamlessly done, and both installation and this transfer took only 2 minutes!  Very quick and easy.This is great software for anyone who wants to create estate planning documents easily, and quickly from home.  It's also a great tool for home and family documents such as 'housesitting instructions'.  The personal finance documents such as 'Notice to Terminate Joint Credit Card Account' and 'Limited Power of Attorney' are the sorts of documents that few of us think about, but are very useful to have at our fingertips.Updates for this software are at the touch of a button, but support for this version ends on December 31st, 2011.  The makers do make the updates available for 2 years past that date however, so essentially you'll have 3 years, give or take, to benefit from the current versions of all these documents.Very easy to install, simple to use and gets the job done for almost anyone seeking a legal will, who lives in one of the 50 United States.  Military members can also use these documents, using their 'Home of Record' state.
Super fast install in Windows 7.Includes a small book called, "Legal Companion". It just gives you a few pages on each topic for a total of 200 pages. Too many topics to list here but a good reference first read when getting into any situation.I wasn't able to download "Nolo's Encyclopedia of Everyday Law" so I chose the 2012 option instead, "101 Law Forms for Personal Use".The 2012 version is out now so I would advise getting that one instead.Quicken Willmaker Plus 2012 Edition: Book & Software KitInstead of me going through the specifics that are already so well covered in other reviews, I chose to share with you additional material on QWP2011 instead.As far as programming is concerned its application reminds you of the basic text only style; no fancy graphics here. I don't say that to detract the value of the program. For example the legal manual provides legal and practical answers to help you create specific documents.I have been a fan of Quicken/Intuit products for well over a decade or more, and now have also been a fan of NOLO books; they are so beneficial at this point I have a library of them. This is a joint effort by those two powerhouse entities.For the cost of admission this program will at the very least provide you with a set of decisions you will need to make when creating your will if not sufficient thoroughness in order to provided you with the actually final document itself. Personally if you have a large family, or a complicated situation, I wouldn't hesitate to seek out professional legal counsel to avoid a lot of heartaches later to those you love.
To say I am impressed is something of an understatement! I had expected a fairly simple program that would "crank" out basic wills on request. while this program will do just that it can do much more.I installed the software, went through a brief software update and then made my very first will in less than 20 minutes. I am a fairly simple living person, if you own a vast empire, expect your will to take a little longer!The willmaker takes you though the process step-by-step, keeping it simple yet very professional. I had no trouble making my will and am now looking over the other documents it cad create.It can create a Health Care Directive, Financial Powers Of Attorney's Ececutor Documents and Final Arrangements and all are state specific.It comes with a free book called "YOur Little Legal COmpanian and an offer of a free e-book you may download upon registering the software.I cannot find ANY fault or negative with this program, it is complete, comprehensive and as I am over 50, a must have to be prepared in case the worst happens. (A close friend of mine was recently killed by a drink driver thus provoking my desire to have a will prepared)A great piece of software! I  am really impressed....
With WillMaker Plus 2011, NOLO pulled me closer into its orbit.  I got Legal Business Pro 2010 last year and started working with NOLO contracts and forms.  Legal Business Pro 2011 has been out for a few months:Quicken Legal Business Pro 2011. With NOLO software, you select your form, go through the tutorial and then save it in your "portfolio."  You can modify it later to further suit your particular requirements.I started Willmaker Plus 2011 by creating a very simple will, knowing I will modify it a few times before considering it done.  In this manner, NOLO orients us to take care of our legal matters.  While some people will always use an attorney because of either the complexity of their affairs or the sheer magnitude of their assets, most of us are not going to budget for a personal attorney to take good care of us.  NOLO helps us either do it ourselves or do as much as we can to limit our reliance on attorneys.In addition to using NOLO products, one might use a prepaid legal services plan.  These prepaid plans tend to offer wills as part of their service.  However, WillMaker covers a LOT more ground.  There are a lot of other documents in this program.  They are related to wills such as Power of Attorney for Finances; Health Care Directive; Property Workshop; Child Care Instructions; Pet Care Agreement and many, many more.  Looking at the list of documents, one can see that even with an attorney, one normally has a lot of work to do for these life events.Considering the ease of use, ease of installation, practicality and ability to modify and help manage one's legal affairs related to matters of a will and the death of a loved one, I recommend WillMaker Plus.  I've been using NOLO products for several years and have become fairly confident in my ability to manage my legal affairs.
I was impressed with this version of Quicken WillMaker Plus 2011, estate planning software.  I had no problems at all installing the program and using it on a Windows 7 PC, and for the sake of this vine review, I also tested installation and operation of a Windows XP PC as well.  Installation and setup on both machines were flawless.I used the "interview" to input my personal data and found that the process, including prompts and onscreen guide, were comprehensive enough to cover my needs for creating a will.  Once the data was input, my spouse was able to use a lot of the saved data to create a set of documents as well.  We were able to go back into the documents to make changes and add additional data as required, and found the software extremely easy to use for the entire process.  Our needs for simple wills and related documents are pretty basic, but we both felt that this program could handle much more than we threw at it, and also that it was much better than the two other programs that we have used in the past.Once the software is registered, you can download Nolo's "Encyclopedia of Everyday Law" and access their online living trust forms.Pros:  Easy to install, easy to use, forms or interview data input, easy to use help featuresCons:  None for my useExtras:  'Your Little Legal Companion: Helpful Advice for Life's Big Events' booklet, 'Nolo's Encyclopedia of Everyday Law' downloadable document, online 'living trust' form, and additional personal finance and home and family documents.
I've been using an old copy of WillMaker a friend gave me but decided it was time to upgrade.  I was a bit concerned about importing a will made on an older version of this program, and potentially losing all the work I'd already put into it.  Thankfully, the import process worked flawlessly.  After installing, this new version of WillMaker automatically found my will and asked if I wanted to import it.  After opening my document, I clicked through my will and supporting documents just to be sure something didn't get thrown off in the process.  And I'm happy to say it all went off without a hitch.  In fact, this 2011 version found many spelling mistakes my older version of WillMaker did not.  So now my will is better than ever and current with any new laws that may have changed.  And it's worth mentioning that this works flawlessly on Windows 7 Ultimate 64bit.Bottom Line -- there's nothing fun about making a will, but it's something we should all do.  If not for ourselves, but our loved one's we leave behind.  And Nolo's WillMaker Plus is an excellent and affordable solution.  They make a lot of great legal guides and I have several of them myself.  Their guides are often the first place I turn to when I need legal advice, and it's a lot cheaper than calling a lawyer!
I have not used Willmaker to draft a will before and found the process easy to follow and fairly comprehensive.  The software installed with no problem on my computer running windows XP.  The hardest part of the whole process was organizing my own documents so I could enter information into the program.  The software guided me through the process step by step with easy to understand instructions.  It is customized for each state and includes many other legal documents in template form.Even if you plan to visit a lawyer to review your will and make sure all legal issues are planned for, it is a good idea to use this software to organize your documents and prepare a simple will.  It will save time (meaning money) when you visit the lawyer and you will have a very good starting point that may just need a review.  This program is well designed and makes this whole process much easier and painless.
There are multiple versions of Quicken Willmaker 2011. This version,Quicken WillMaker Plus 2011is sold as software and includes a copy ofYour Little Legal Companion: Helpful Advice for Life's Big Eventsas a bonus feature. It does not however come with a printed manual. For those  who prefer manuals there'sQuicken Willmaker 2011 Edition: Book & Software Kit, which is sold as a book which includes the software. Both versions include  a free download of Nolo's Encyclopedia of Everyday Law upon registration. Also included is Nolo's Online Living Trust software.
Our Wills were due to be updated.  We didn't have many new issues to address but needed to renew it just to make certain it aligned with our current thinking and present values.  My wife had suggested we do this and I was not looking forward to sitting through the whole process again.I saw this and decided it might be a good way to get this task taken care of.  Seeing that it was from Quicken, I knew it would be easy to install and easy to complete.Sure enough, we sat down one evening with our old wills in hand and set off answering the questions, filling in our preferences, and before very long, we had updated our wills and completed this task.  It was far less difficult than I recall from last time, and the final results are very thorough and professional.  The few questions we had about using the software were answered well in the Help.The extra forms that come along with the package are also useful.  It was nice to have a bill of sale for some of the more substantial things we sold at the yard sale.Don't let the laws of your state decide what to do with your belongings and savings.  Take control of your choices and make sure that you have something concrete that defines in legal terms what you want to happen after you "move on".  The peace of mind that comes from knowing your final wishes will be followed is well worth the price and time to do this right.  And you will save money (and time) over doing this work with a lawyer...
I finally got around to using this, and it is easier and better than I expected. Works great for setting up a will, and even can set up Living Trusts. Well worth having.
This program is remarkable, it really is.  Included are lengthy, exhaustive lists, dozens of do-it-yourself legal documents, with versions valid in every state (except Louisiana).  Simple will,  living trust, powers of attorney, durable powers of attorney, revocable powers of attorney, disposition of estate, health-care directives, final arrangements, care-giver, and children and beneficiary documents.Quicken WillMaker Plus 2011can save you and yours some serious money ... not just the legal fees to prepare wills and trusts, but also through strategies that help you avoid probate. Probate is costly and time consuming, estates often take several years to wind through probate court before your beneficiaries. This program doesn't provide solutions for more complex estate planning, the kind required for estates with extensive holdings, say, multiple business and real estate interests. But for 90-plus percent of us, this will do the job.The program guides you through each form question by question - it's a bit rigid in it's navigation of the forms, but when you're finished you have a professional product a beautiful,Also included in the box is a "Legal Companion" manual, chocked full of information and advice on all manner of everyday legal issues, from parking tickets to credit repair, from buying a used car to changing your name, from starting a small business to adopting a child.  This manual is a nice bonus to a valuable program.
They say fences make good neighbors, but nothing makes better business than legally binding, clear cut contracts.If you aren't already using them, do it! Your business will be better off.And if you want to sell sometime in the future, protect yourself and your partners by having a clear cut understanding documented in writing.Once you go over the table of contents you'll wonder how you ever ran a business without this tool.  You can hire a lawyer to do it for you, and there are times when that is best, but for common everyday transactions, you need to understand your rights and your deals in order to thrive.Here's to your most successful year yet!
For those who need basic legal advice; for those who need simple-to-understand explanations of laws the affect the creation of or the continuation of a business; for those who're unable to have a lawyer draft a contract, then Quicken (& Nolo's) Legal Business Pro is a must-have.Legal Business Pro: Contracts and Forms 2011 is a cooperative effort by two companies:  Quicken and Nolo.Quicken is a software designer that primarily specializes in accounting and bookkeeping software.  And, they've produced this series of legal and business disc with Nolo, a 40-year old company out of California that offers free and/or low-cost legal services to the underrepresented.LBP 2011 is an update from last year's production, which I reviewed as priceless for the quality of information and the price.  The only thing I wasn't thrilled with was the pocket "law book" which I found to take away from the importance of the set.  I understood it was an attempt to make the package more palatable for college-age readers.This year, the set up is identical.  You have a no-frills grey interface with a header, drop-downs and side bar.There's also a link that you can access from the header or sidebar that takes you directly to Nolo's website where you can access more current and detailed information.  (* One important note, as of 11.28.10, if you install the software a message appears that says "software is no longer supported"--what does this mean?  That LBP2012 is about to be produced?  Some or all of the blank contractual forms are invalid?  No longer upgradable for Windows XP? - nothing is explained and yet the software, contracts and internet connection to the site all work fine.)The "law book" for LBP 2011 is much improved and looks more like a fun-fact book as opposed to a crude college-humor tome.What will I find inside of interest?Explanations and Contractual forms for:* Buying and Selling A Business* Buying and Selling Real Estate* Contracts For Goods & Services* Corporate Minutes & Consents* Forms for Forming A Business* Hiring Workers* LLC Minutes & Consents* Leasing A Space* IRS Tax Forms* Managing Finances* Financial Forecasts & Worksheets* Sample Letters and Policies.All in all, there's well over thousands of dollars worth of free legal advice here.  Considering a hour of consultation for a business lawyer is $200/ hr. here in Miami, this package alone will save you from seeing a lawyer until absolutely necessary.5 tremendous stars.
Quicken and NOLO proess have teamed up to create a great program that is invaluable for any business owner. Whether you are buying an existing business, building one from scratch or need forms for your current business venture, solo contractor working form home or a small business with employees, this program has just about everything that you will ever need.Included are the full texts of "Attract Investors with a Solid Business Plan", "Raise Busines Capital Through Loans and Gifts", "Start and Run Your Small Business", "Understand and Follow Employment Law" and "Make the Best Tax Decisions for Your Business". Each of these texts are searchabl and it takes the guesswork about finding the information that you need fast.You get all the forms for a business plan, finacial forgasts, profit and loss, as well as formation of a business, hiring employees, LLC minutes and consent fomrs, and contracts for goods and services.  There were just a couple of forms that I would have liked to find, such as a non-disclosure agreement for both employees and clients, although there was a non-compete agreement within the program. Of course, being in the entertainment industry, I would love it if Quicken and NOLO did more contract forms that are geared toward the media because entertainment industry lawyers are incredibly expensive!  However, this program is a great place to start and most everything within it can be tailored to any business needs that you might have.
This software is great.  It has a large selection of business legal forms ready for you to complete and customize.  It is so easy to use.  You don't have to be a lawyer to work the software, but you might want to have one review the documents before signing.  I highly recommend this software.  I can think of lots of uses for business owners.
This software is great for many different things. Anywhere from buying a house without an agent to starting your own business. This software also provides forms and contracts that you can print out, which would save a lot in legal fees. I'm glad I got this software. There is also advice on buying a new car, and things to look out for. This is very valuable information.
All I can say is this will get much of our financial paperwork in order.  I am very happy to have it and anxious to begin using it.  With Christmas time here, most of our free hours are spent shopping or planning the holidays, but once the year turns I will put this software to the test and I am sure it will do the job.
The Quicken Legal Business Pro book and application is a terrific addition to my business software arsenal.  Full of useful information, and a comprehensive collection of highly useable legal forms,  its a great help in getting your paperwork in order and standardizing your forms.  Highly recommended!
The pre-made contracts and forms are a blessing in disguise.  They are certainly very useful to get you going and give you an idea of what you may need to have in an agreement on many issues, however, if it's something really serious I wouldn't blindly use the forms here but edit them very carefully or have a lawyer look at them for you.One really good feature of this product are the fully sercheable books which is really nice to keyword something in and find as much information as you can.  You can google it too, however, you have to sort out a lot of useless information on Google, here, it's all organized and professional!Also:  buying this instead of the books individually certainly saves you a bundle, so might as well get them like this, sercheable, than in print.
Quicken's "Legal Business Contracts & Forms Pro" (2011) is a necessity for any business or for personal purposes and contains forms for all transactions most people engage in on a day-to-day basis including business loans from family and friends.  The CD-ROMs contain more than 140 contracts and forms as well as the complete text of five Nolo business books.  Some of the most useful forms include contracts for the buying and selling of goods or services, one of the main disputes that lead to the filing of small claims cases in court.  In years gone by, one had to go to a stationary store to buy these forms, one at a time, and now they are all together on this complete set.  Included are some of the sample letters that most people will need at some time or another (the product includes free legal updates through 2011): Limited Power of Attorney for Finances, Contract With Independent Contractors, Gift Letter, Confidentiality Letter.
This just might be one of the best investments you make this year; anyone that owns a small business, deals with rentals or just needs to manage a few basic financial issues will enjoy having the ability to save time and money by filling in a few forms without having to schedule time with an attorney. We own a small business and also a few rentals so have a fairly consistent need for simple forms on a regular basis. Without a doubt, it saves time and money but of course...you must still understand enough to make good use of them.Common sense aside, assuming you know your local and state laws as well as have the ability to identify what form best suites your purpose, this is able to handle many routine issues. Hiring an independent contractor to perform a bit of work? Protect yourself with more than a verbal agreement without having to make a major production of going to the attorney. Would I use this for every situation? Of course not but I would and have used it for many routine transactions and agreements. Just for example, I know someone who insisted upon having their attorney draw up the paperwork for a simple Quit Claim - it cost several hundred dollars for something that could have beeen done in 10 minutes and about the same amount of money (for the notary).Great product. Easy to use. Worked well with easy installation. Having been a long time NOLO user, this was a pleasant surprise to see the partnership with Quicken and yet quite competitively priced.
This set of docs and software won't substitute for a good attorney, but it will get you started in business for a minimal cost. And will shorten your visits with said attorney as you become familiar with the types of docs you need to be in business. A must for anyone with their own enterprise.
The software installed without problems on a Win 7 64 bit machine.  It was very easy to learn to use and always worked well. Highly recommended.
I am starting my own small business, the forms in this package are a must have, very informative. Right now I have gotten the most value out of the sample letters and policies, also forms for starting a business.There is so much information and books included in this software package. I have only touched the tip of the iceburg with this package, but as I get closer to launching my business it will come in handy, and hopefully save lawyer costs.So far extremely happy with this Nolo product!
This is a great product for anyone starting a small business who wants to save money on legal fees and forms. In fact, I wish I'd known about this software a couple years ago when I helped set up an LLC.You will find forms for Buying or Selling a Business, Buying and Selling Real Estate, Contracts for Goods & Services, Corporate Minutes & Consents, Forming a Business, Hiring Workers, LLC Minutes and Consents, Leasing Space, IRS tax forms, and more. It also includes financial forecasts and worksheets plus sample letters. Finally, you also get five free Nolo e-books: Attract Investors With a Solid Business Plan, Raise Business Capital Through Loans and Gifts, Start and Run Your Small Business, Understand and Follow Employment Law, and Make the Best Tax Decisions For Your Business. Nolo is my favorite business book publisher as the books are useful and easy to read and understand.This software will save you money and time. It uses a question and answer format to get you started. Then you can make changes to customize your particular document. As someone who has been through this, the most useful forms will be Partnership Agreement, Minutes of LLC Meeting, Contract for Services, Contract with Independent Contractor, and the IRS tax forms.
I have been a huge fan of Nolo business and tax books for the last year.  Nolo helped me to set up my S-Corp and understand the difference between the different tax entities.  I was happy to find this software package that includes over 140 tax and business forms and 5 Nolo ebooks.  Since the 2010 tax year isn't complete yet, I've only surfed through this Quicken software to see what is included.  I am very very happy.  It will make my 2010 taxes a breeze and help me run a more efficient office next year.
This is the pot of gold at the end of the rainbow for small business owners. It has all the material, forms, and suggestions a small firm could possibly need. Quicken is well known for its excellent software, and Nolo law is an institution that has provided valuable legal instructions and advice for years. The scope of this review cannot possibly cover all the advantages in  Legal Business Pro, but to name some: how to form a business--any of you who have ever tried to start your own company from scratch will greatly appreciate this guide on how to do this, including the corporate minutes and consents needed and the countless forms needed for a new business.The software covers how to buy or sell a business and how to buy and sell real estate as well. Dozens of contracts for goods and services are provided, a large section of how to lease, a variety of items on how to manage finances. Last, but certainly not least, the IRS tax forms on hand to cover small business needs without searching the net for them and then downloading. There are several dozen sample letters for credit application, email policy, demand letters and such.This valuable software also includes the full searchable text of five of Nolo's best selling books on business situations. Most small businesses cannot afford an in house attorney or have the budget to hire outside legal help. Legal Business Pro is the answer and it is regularly reviewed and updated by Nolo's expert attorneys and covers everything we can imagine a small business might need. This is truly a bargain in software and will save small business owners many hours of concern and expense. We recommend Legal Business Pro to every small business. Use it and profit.
This software works perfectly with Nolo's set of small business books.  In fact, it contains five additional Nolo books.  The forms included are perfect updates to the Small Business Legal Forms book by Nolo.  I love the included Business Plan book by Nolo.  TAx Savvy for Small Business and Start and Run your Small Business are also amazingly helpful.  Consider this a quick MBA in a box!  Highly recommended if you own a small business or are thinking about starting one.  USe these resources to get educated!  High-level categories of the included forms are:  Buy or Sell a Small Business; Buy and Sell Real Estate; Contracts for Goods and Services' Corporate Minutes and Consents; Form A Business; Hire Workers; LLC Minutes and Consents; Lease Space; IRS Tax Forms; Manage Finances; Financial Forecasts and Worksheets; Sample Letters and Policies.  The software actually walks you through each form that you want to complete, and includes help for each entry.  Complete the forms, read the books, then go see an attorney.  Save a bundle!
Nolo does an excellent job in bringing together over 100 contracts forms.  From buying goods to selling goods they have you covered. More importantly the type of business type you plan to form. Knowning if you are going to be a partnership, a LLC, or an independent contractor and the legal agreement you should have in place is important. However, there still may be some confusion, so you should the advice or a lawyer. Also the internet is your friend but of course be carefull of misinformation.Creating document are easy.  Open the document you wish to create, answer the questions you are presented with and your document is done.The software also includes multiple forms. Including various policy documents for when your business grows a little larger and you need to start implement various employee policies.  There are employee agreements, non-compete clauses, NDA, and various tax forms.There are 5 ebooks included to help you business plans, loans, legal guide, employment law, and tax information.This is a must have software for anyone just starting out in business. It is invaluable but as I have already stated you still should be hiring outside legal help.Highly Recommended
This is our first Quicken product, sinceQuicken Deluxe 97and it has already proven to be an indispensible tool for us.We normally resort to our vast library of NOLO books, that we already have, for most of legals that we need at any given time. But this software is a great addition and compliments them nicely. Plus, it contains 5 NOLO books in addition to the forms. It's a nice bonus feature for those of us who already use the NOLO books.Business contracts are part of our daily routine, it is nice to have precise and adjustable contracts on the fly.Highly recommend this bundle to anyone who has a business.
I absolutely love Rosetta Stone, it is very easy to install and easy to use. You can install it in several computers BUT you can only use it in one computer at the time because you need to insert the disc in the computer to use it.The method is very simple, you see the images, the words/phrases are written for you and then you repeat.Every level increases the complexity, you begin with the basics (time, weather, family, directions, etc)What I found very useful is the online tutorials and the audio companion (available in CD and mp3) to review on the go. AND what I like the most is that all the speech is by native speakers, this helps you with the pronunciation.The speech recognition feature is OK but I am not sure it works very well, at least for me.It includes a headset with microphone to use these featureThe entire software is interactive which keeps you engaged.The games are entertaining and very useful.As everything in life, this learning product will be beneficial ONLY if you spend enough time practicing.
English is my native language, and I don't personally need Rosetta Stone to learn it, much less the American variety.Our son, however, was born abroad and never even heard English until he was four. His first language is long since gone (unfortunately). But English remains his second tongue. As a young man with learning disabilities, processing any complex auditory instructions or communications often challenges him. With particularly difficult ideas, he can require several repetitions to understand fully. And English vocabulary is not his strong suit.This program, however, surrounds the listener and learner with language in a way that simply speaking with others, even in the same room, does not. Actually, the head set and microphone closely resemble equipment used in some special education classrooms, where children are given individual head sets to provide exactly such a "surround sound" effect. Head sets can enhance attention, focus, auditory processing and ultimately, understanding.If the method works for special needs students, it's no surprise that it has proved successful with normal adult language learners, suffering from no auditory processing, short term memory or other brain trauma-induced difficulties.Our son's speech therapists like the idea. He's been speaking English for more than a decade, but this program may reach inner regions of the brain damaged by his early life experiences.Clearly its developers did not intend this program for such a use. But we're grateful that it exists, particularly given its graded levels of language comprehension. It's perfect for our needs.
I am a native speaker of American English.  My mother in law - who is a native speaker of Russian - stays with us for a few months each year - so this product is for her.  She knew a few words of English already, but cannot converse per se.  This package has been of great use to her.  Her progress has been limited to the first group of lessons - so she has a good ways to go to complete the whole package.To date, we are very happy with this product.  She sets herself up with the headset, and repeats word and expressions back into the software - which uses a pretty solid speech recognition engine to rate her results.  This is all done at her own pace, and the machine is infinitely patient!  She has tried various ESL (English as a Second Language) local classes, but seems more comfortable with Rosetta stone.Simple everyday expressions are slowly built upon, along with accompanying pictures and phrases pronounced by a native speaker.We have a long journey ahead of us for her to achieve fluency, but 'the longest journey begins with but one step' - and Rosetta Stone is an excellent first step.
I have experimented with "Rosetta Stone - English" for many, many months now. As an instructor of English, I was curious if one would receive a better education at one's local community college (which would be fairly inexpensive) or via Rosetta Stone (which is actually less than many community college courses). Now, I feel compelled to note that while I have a Ph.D. in English, I do not have a degree in ESL (English-as-a-Second-Language), so please keep this in mind when making your selection. (And, since many of the previous reviewers have detailed the contents and approach of the product, I merely comment on the convenience and results in order to prevent redundancy.)Like many, I find the work-at-your-own-pace aspect to be invaluable. Not every person can invest time in a traditional class: family and work often prohibit taking a regularly scheduled class. Not to mention, if one's life necessitates missing even a single class meeting, it is often a massive struggle to catch-up. (Many of us many remember how this felt when we studied a foreign language in high-school or college). Rosetta Stone genuinely allows one to set a slower pace. And, certainly, the contrary applies. Those who are truly committed to learning the language as well as those who are "fast learners" will appreciate not being held-back by those who are struggling in a traditional course.Now, many find the "dynamic immersion" approach daunting. However, I found it to be highly effective (and as close as one can possibly get to "total immersion" with computer software). I think that instead of panicking, one needs simply to surrender to the process. Rosetta Stone is the Cadillac of language software because it is highly effective. So, I think that just maintaining faith in the fact that this software does work will assuage all worries. I learned Japanese through Rosetta Stone after unsuccessfully experimenting with several other "cheaper" programs. I can positively testify that Rosetta Stone produces results. And, from what I understand and have seen of the English version, the same applies here.Finally, many students inquire with me if one should supplement Rosetta Stone with college classes. And, while I completely commend such zeal, I think it could only prove confusing. Professors work at a different pace and have varying priorities ... I feel that these could fall in conflict with this software. So, while it may seem surprising, I would begin with the software exclusively, practice with native speakers whenever possible, and request frank feedback from these native speakers.Rosetta Stone is a boon to those who are self-motivated (i.e. do not require a professor to motivate her/him to invest in the work via quizzes). Combined with practice (and weigh-ins) with native speakers, this system can actual save one money ... and, in many cases, prove abundantly more convenient and successful. Kudos to Rosetta Stone!
Everything you need is in this box.  Yes, the headset too.  This product has all 5 levels.  My friend can not say enough good about this.  He is becoming fluent in English and finds it to be an excellent way of learning.  It is easy to install and use.
I received this from Vine, but since I already speaking English as a first language, I gave to a friend of a friend who has practically no usable English. He's been using the product for about 4-6 weeks now and there's an appreciable improvement in both the sentence construction and accent. The course itself is massive, and there's enough to material to spend 3-6 months at an hour or so a day.The Rosetta Stone method may not be for everyone, since there's a lack of formal grammar training and it makes no attempt to explain anything in the speaker's native language (it works by matching pictures with words and phrases). But from what I can see, if you practice regularly and follow the exercises, there's no doubt that you can significantly improve your conversational and basic writing abilities in the language very quickly.
Rosetta Stone English is the gold standard for language learning products.  I have reviewed some of the knockoffs before, and I have been very pleased with them, especially when comparing $30 to $600 as the price point, but I have to say that none of the other language learning programs really compare to the Rosetta Stone method.As a native English speaker, I didn't personally have much use for the English version, but I did find it very useful for two purposes.  As a teacher, I have used this program to help English Language Learners (what they used to call bilingual or ESL) and the progress is not only visible, it is readily apparent.  Nothing I have ever seen results in quicker progress with my students.  Another area where you might not expect help is with certain speech impediments.  Using the included microphone/headset, I have seen this help with articulation errors in native English speaking students.  It is no replacement for speech therapy, but it is an excellent compliment to such therapy.The Rosetta Stone method is very visually based, showing you pictures and accompanying vocabulary.  This isn't a typical, by rote memorization program though.  Where this differs is in the interesting way in which the program builds new vocabulary on similar vocabulary that you have already learned with the program.  This not only helps you with your new vocabulary, but it also continually reinforces what you have already learned.Learning is fun, with built in games that hold students' attention.  Anyone can include language games, however, what really impresses me with Rosetta Stone is the way it holds students' attention even when not playing a game.  Everyone I have set up with this program has been fully engaged until I pulled him off it.  This is a rare treat in education.One of the really cool aspects to this program is what they call "native socialization."  That's just a fancy way of saying that you get to use what you learn talking to real people online.  Unfortunately, this feature is blocked by my school district, but I tried it at home with my son.  I can't fully review that aspect, except to say that it worked flawlessly from a technical standpoint.  I would like to see how it works with the ELL students, but then, living in America they really get that every day anyway.Of the other included bonuses, one is an iPod/iPad application which I am unable to review due to a lack of Apple products in my home (I use a Pre).  Another is the included headset with microphone.  It also works well, though not as well as my Jabra Halo for the speech recognition aspects.  I also found the headset to be a little small for me, so it got uncomfortable, but it was just right for my son.All in all, I highly recommend Rosetta Stone English if you can afford it.  It really is the best product out there for language learning.  While there are some very good and far less expensive alternatives, Rosetta Stone will get you the results you seek.  If you compare it to a college course in a language, Rosetta Stone is actually cheaper than most, and far more effective!
I let a friend use this who kind of already knows english but needed some help.I would highly recommend this product for children or adults. It will help you to learn in english, speak, and even write in english.Rosetta Stone is the best language software you can find. ALOT of time and energy was put into creating this, that is why the high price tag is on the purchase price. The way the material is presented is incredible. It uses different types of medium - visual, to interactive, to audio. You quickly feel immersed in the training and dont feel like your being talked AT but rather talked to, and like your communicating with - not being directed to do something like a robot should obey.
I'm an American, so it may seem ludicrous for me to review the merits of a Rosetta Stone series in learning the English language.  However, I have learned Spanish and French at university settings, and I can tell you, unequivocally, that this Rosetta Stone set is worth every penny you will spend on it.  The money it will cost you to take five university courses will probably, at LEAST, quintuple the amount that you will spend on this highly usable, fun, and intuitive Rosetta Stone Program.This program comes with games, live practice sessions, and practical exercises that were actually kind of fun to participate in.  I am surprised at the level of immersion a strictly online application is able to achieve.  Before I used this product, I felt a set like this would lack social interaction with other native speakers, and learning pronunciations, backgrounds, and some sort of framework as to why a word is pronounced the way it is.  A frustrating aspect of any language course at a university is that you are sped (or slowed) along at whatever pace is dictated to your instructor, thus losing some continuity and flow of the learning process.  When one is forced to learn a language in a certain time frame it can either cause a lot of stress for those who don't understand concepts, or bore those who feel like they have a good grasp of the material.  This set is very useful because you can learn at your own pace, challenge yourself if you feel up to the task, and never get caught in an annoying time schedule.  Taking public language courses can be corrupted by rules and regulations, and this set counteracts that notion.  Of course, universities have their own versions of online tests and practices, but none are as colorful and vivid as the ones I've experienced in this set.  Rosetta Stone has an online community of users that I checked in on several times, and it was filled each time with people waiting to practice and speak with others.  The volume of interaction was huge compared to my university experience which is essential in learning a new language.A great deal of production and attention to detail was put into this Rosetta Stone set, and the level of immersion and exercises is not only high, but very enjoyable and interesting.  It might be harder to understand how useful this is without ever having taken a university-taught course in language, but I'm now sold.  Frankly, I was a little skeptical of how this would work, because learning a new language ultimately needs to be a social experience, and hearing and witnessing native speakers in action is essential in becoming a skilled speaker.  However, this set does a fantastic job of capturing that social interaction, and even manages to be a little more exciting in interacting with others via the internet and phone.Highly recommended!  I'm looking forward to diving into my Italian Rosetta Stone set now!
Rosetta Stone is one of the best programs out there for any language. Its pretty good if you are just learning english or even simple want to enrich your language with better vocabulary or simply to speak with the right accent. Especially as the other reviewer stated, its a great tool to help kids learn the language where english is not a native language.With the feedback and progress tracking and the ability to use it at ones own convenient, it is definitely worth the investment.
GUEST REVIEWER  ! MRS KNOW IT ALL ;bI know the English language, but even if you were born in the U.S., you may still not know the English (American) language.  I would highly recommend this product for small children with the help from their parents.  Your kids will excel in English classes, just by learning how to speak/write the English language properly.  Rosetta Stone is the best language software you can find.  It is fabulous, you have a lot of fun while learning and the material is presented in a very thorough manner with plenty of visuals, audio, and aids. Another bonus is the added interactive feature and immersion, along with on-line help and tracking your progress. The microphone also allows you to have immediate feedback as to whether you are pronouncing the words correctly. I highly recommend this product for individuals with small children.  This product will take you from the basics and further beyond.
Rosetta Stone is the standard software based language teaching system these days. This comes through rather ubiquitous advertising, but more importantly through mostly living up to what they say about their own product.Rosetta Stone works, if you are willing to put in the time and have the right expectations.Essentially, Rosetta Stone is a conversation language tutor that provides adaptive learning through increasingly more difficult pictorial and audio interaction.  This interaction builds vocabulary and grammar by introducing new elements while securing the foundation of previously learned material.It does not substitute for rigorous language reading or grammar studies.  But it is a great tool for getting practice and training in how to speak the language as it is spoken. I have used this system for both French and German.Obviously, I already have some proficiency with American English, so my interest here is not as much Rosetta Stone for those new to American English. Rather, my interest here is for those who are struggling with good spoken English for whatever reason.  So many English language development programs are oriented towards children (think Sesame Street). Rosetta Stone, however, is more geared towards adults, though not at all inappropriate for children.  Which makes it a great tool for all ages.So much of learning to speak proper English involves practice and training with those who already speak the language.  Sadly, however, in many contexts children and adults are not regularly around people who speak with facility.  This program provides a great structure for learning more consistent speaking patterns that would be essential in most any work environment.  Which makes it, I think, great for schools or tutors or others who want to provide extra tools for practice.I heartily recommend Rosetta Stone.
Since learning a language from software is not exactly the same as learning a language from going to live in the country itself, I suggest picking up the Rosetta Stone software 1 level at a time, like this French level 1. That way you know if you are able to learn from the software, before investing even more money into it. Since total immersion into another country to learn is not always an option, Rosetta Stone it the next best thing. While a class environment might work better for some, there's not always time for that either. Sometimes there's just enough time on the weekends, or in the evenings after work to get a few hours of studying in. Or maybe you just don't want to sit in a school like classroom, trying to learn from an instructor. That's where Rosetta Stone comes in.Rosetta Stone tries to be more than just a computer program. Instead it's interactive, and is a cross between software and an at-home classroom Spanish lesson. The software comes with a headset and microphone so that while you are learning, you also speak into the headset and respond to questions. The software helps one learn how to pronounce the words and practice what you've learned to help retain it. Unlike a classroom environment, you can work at this at your own pace, which I appreciate. When I took a Spanish class, some of the students flew ahead of me, while the rest of us were just trying to keep up. Rosetta Stone lets a person learn at the pace they learn at (fast or slow) so they don't end up missing anything along the way. I'm more comfortable learning from the program as well, than in front of a group of strangers .While going to France and living there for a while is probably the easiest and fastest way to learn French, Rosetta Stone is the next best thing, and a more realistic option for most people.
So far this has been great fun for me and my kids.  The learning system is very immersive and might seem daunting at first, but they do such a great job of breaking into down into very simple pieces that if you just "go with it" you'll find it really works.  My kids are picking up far faster than I am, but that's to be expected.  They're young, they hear several languages a day at school, and it's much more natural for them.  That said I'm picking up a little French and I'm just trying to have fun with it.  One of my kids is far more focused on it and he's picking up a lot more than I am.I think as long as you are willing to put in the time this really works.  A casual user like me isn't going to get more than a few phrases, but a serious person can and will learn.  I like that it is reasonably kid friendly, though younger kids will need an adult to help things along.  Overall a great product, and while expensive, you are getting your money's worth (considering what a class would cost).
Rosetta Stone Version 3: French Level 1 sfotware is intutive and easy to use. It has different exercises to test both visual and reading comprehension. The software grades the user's performance and will work on problem areas. It is dynamic immersion - there is no english anywhere once the lessons begin.Two minor drawbacks (one style and one substance) hinder Rosetta Stone. The style issue involves the use of pictures. Rather than exclusively use cultural situations and settings, the pictures depict a myriad of cultural situations and settings. I suppose it is both cheaper and easier to do this when Rosetta Stone offers programs in 31 languages. The second issue involves the microphone and voice recognition software. Basically, it doesn't work. You can say almost anything and the program will grant you a passing score.
Rosetta Stone V4 French is better than a college class, better than any other language-learning system, certainly better than any combination of books and CDs. Not only is RS as effective as immersing yourself fully in another language, it's effective in the SAME WAY as moving to Paris or Frankfurt or Rome. You learn the way a baby learns, no translations, just examples and repeated emphasis. Brilliant, brilliant, BRILLIANT, and the new online component makes it a social experience as well! HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.
Bring French to life!If your child is taking their first year of French or you are ready to head off on vacation and want to learn the language yourself, Rosetta Stone is a great learning tool for you both!  Version 4 comes with the learning lessons, headset with mic, app to use with your iPhone or iPod Touch for on the go learning and access to a virtual community online for lessions, games and chat!  I really don't think you can ask for more from a product.My only regret is that I didn't know about this product sooner! I certainly would have bought it for each one of my children throughout their schooling! What a GREAT product for homeschooling as well!
I got this product for my sister who enjoyed taking 4 years of French in high school.  Here is what she had to say about the product:>>>THIS IS AMAZING! I loved working with this product! I picked up on the words and phrases very quickly, and it was fun to do. They show you pictures and then show you the French word, pronounce it for you, and then you say it. It reviews the same things in different ways so practicing the words is not dry and boring. You can do it on your time and at your own pace. It also teaches you the four areas of language - speaking, listening, reading and writing. It offers activities that have you practice a combination of skills (reading and writing over listening and speaking), as well as lessons that focus on just one of the skills. I would highly recommend this product to my fellow peers! I am excited to try French Level 2 and learn even more!&lt;&lt;&lt;I asked her if she had tried any other language learning products that she could compare it to and she said she had not, but she was very happy with this.
I've been trying to learn French on my own for many years, without success.  I lack the time to take another class, and the money to go to France and immerse myself in the language, so I was fairly sure that I would never make much progress in learning this beautiful language.And then I got this wonderful package. It is amazingly complete, with everything I could imagine and more in a language learning package.  It even has a microphone so that the software can evaluate my pronunciation and help me improve. In just a few weeks I have made more progress than I did in two years of French classes.If you are serious about learning a foreign language and have the time and self-discipline to use a home program, I give this the highest recommendation.  Otherwise, a long trip to immerse yourself in the language and culture will have to do.
I am thoroughly enjoying my Rosetta Stone TOTALe (pronounced toe-TAH-lee) French software.  I did once use a two week trial of Rosetta Stone Spanish (not TOTALe), and although I enjoyed it, the TOTALe course is many times better.The TOTALe course has four parts: Rosetta Stone Course, Rosetta Stone World, Studio and Audio CD's.  The Studio and World are what sets this apart from the regular Rosetta Stone course.  They are absolutely phenomenal.  More on that later._________________________________Before I delve into the actual course, here are some interesting facts you might like to know.AGE RESTRICTIONS AND MULTIPLE LEARNERSThis software can only be installed on one computer.  However, I was able to add my two children to the software course.  According to the Rosetta Stone customer service department, I can add up to five users to the Rosetta Stone course, as long as they use the same computer.My children cannot access the Rosetta World, because they are under 13.  I changed my son's age to show him older than 13 and found that he could not access Rosetta World because only one user is allowed to use Rosetta World.  However, I was given the option to purchase Rosetta World access for him at a *very* reasonable price.ACCESS FROM MULTIPLE COMPUTERSAlthough I could only access the Rosetta Stone Course from the one computer it's installed on, I can access Rosetta Stone World from any computer with an internet connection by simply signing in on their website.Personally, I like Rosetta Stone World interface when accessing it directly from the software on my computer rather than through my Internet Explorer.  Signing in is much quicker.  When I do it through a web browser, I have to suffer through signing in with my password and waiting for it to check my system.EXTENDING THE COURSERosetta Stone offers users the option to add levels 4 and 5.  Online service can also be extended for a reasonable price._________________________________WHAT COMES IN THE BOX1) Quick start pamphlet.2) Installation CD's for levels 1-3.3) Activation card for 9 months of online access.4) Audio CD's for Level 1, units 1-4.5) Stickers for the keyboard to customize it for special French accent marks (so the user knows where to find the keys).6) Headset.SOFTWARE AND HEADSETThe software installed on my Vista system without a hitch.  I'm not sure how well it works on other systems.The sound and voice recognition with the headset is wonderful._________________________________So here I go dissecting the course itself.CUSTOMIZE YOUR COURSEEach student may customize his course by choosing one of four options:1) reading, writing, speaking, listening (recommended)2) reading, writing, speaking and listening -- extended (more repetition)3) speaking and listening4) reading and writingIn providing this review, I have chosen option 1.AUDIO CD'SThese are to be used in conjunction with the course.  I suppose they could be used to supplement some other language course, but one could not learn the language from the audio CD's alone.  They are completely in French, with the exception of an English speaking man telling the listener to listen, or listen and repeat.  No translations are given.  The phrases come from the flash cards we see during the lessons, so they trigger associations.ROSETTA STONE COURSERosetta Stone is total immersion.  I've found it is the most wonderful way to learn.One example of a typical lesson: The student is shown a series of flashcards along with very short sentences.  Maybe it's four different people with a ball: a man, a woman, a girl, a boy.  The speaker says, "The man has a ball."  "The woman has a ball."  "The girl has a ball."  "The boy has a ball."  So the student knows the one common word is "ball," which must be the round thing.  The word that changes, that must describe the man, woman, girl and boy.Sometimes, I'd know a word, could match it up, but didn't know what it meant.  I had a strong desire to look it up, but I trusted Rosetta Stone would one day make it clear.  Well, after seeing the word (in my particular case, it was "to have") numerous times, it finally dawned on me what it meant.  I don't even know when it happened, it just became clear.  And so it goes with other words.Total immersion can be very challenging to people used to traditional teaching methods.  The need to know and translate every word can be strong, but I can attest that context will eventually make it clear.This course is broken up into levels.  French has levels going all the way up to 5.  I was told by the Rosetta Stone customer service rep that I should be conversational by level 3.  Levels 4 and 5 delve deeper into the culture.The structure of the courses is as follows:  There are five levels.  Each level has four units.  Each unit has four core lessons followed by varying numbers of sub-lessons.  So, level>unit>core lesson>sub-lesson.The core lessons take about half an hour each and it gives the overall gist of what is to be worked on during the sub-lessons.  The sub-lessons are only 5 to 10 minutes long and deal individually with different facets of the core lesson, like vocabulary, grammar, spelling, etc.  By taking one to two sub-lessons per day and about one core lesson per week, I can finish one unit per month.STUDIOThe studio sessions can be scheduled for any time slot available.  From my experience, it is best to finish a unit before taking the studio lesson for that unit.  The session may be repeated as necessary.The studio session is like a live, online classroom with a native speaking teacher.  Students log in at the appointed time.  We can see the teacher, but the teacher can only hear us.  She shows us many of the cards we see during our course lessons and individually asks us questions about them.  She also asks us to speak to each other in a very controlled way.  I intend to take a session every week in order to have a live teacher correct my speech and to gain more experience speaking and listening.  This in and of itself is worth the price of the TOTALe.So far, my studio sessions have had between two and four students (including me).  They last 50 minutes each.ROSETTA WORLDAnother way TOTALe shines.  In my box was a card with an activation code good for nine months of Rosetta World service, which I could pay to extend (and I might very well do just that).1) Listen, read, or listen and read stories.  The stories are unlocked as we progress through each level so that the vocabulary isn't too challenging.2) Play solo games.  Three games are available.  In one game, we much listen to the speaker describe a card and we must find that card.  Another game is a memory card game where we match the picture to a written description of the picture.  The third game is a bingo type game where we listen to a story and must choose words that come up in the story on the bingo card until we get a bingo.3) Duo and Simbio.  These modes contain all the Solo games plus five more games to play against another player.  In Duo mode, we play against a French learner.  In Simbio mode, we are matched up with a native French speaker who is learning our native language so we can help each other.Both Duo and Simbio modes can be played via keyboard or microphone.  I am finding most people prefer keyboard.The World hours are from 10 AM to 10 PM Pacific Time, although I've been able to play outside that time slot.  There aren't many players most days, just a few, but enough to be able to interact.  The Duo rooms are more active than the Simbio room, where I'm only finding one player if I'm lucky._________________________________PROS:+ easy to learn+ voice recognition software+ live teacher+ interact with other learners+ interact with native speakers+ may add up to five learners to the Course on one computer+ may access World from any internet connected computer+ may pay to extend course and online access+ IPad and IPhone aps availableCONS:- difficult for learners who insist on translation- can only be installed on one computer- additional learners do not have access to World (but one may pay to add access)- children under thirteen not permitted in WorldSUMMARYI love, love, love Rosetta Stone TOTALe.  It has enabled me to speak French without being self-conscious.  I can access live instructors, repeat any lesson I don't understand.  My children can be added.  I can enter the World from anywhere.  Oh yeah, there are iPod and iPad apps (which I can't review but they sound great).  What's not to love?***********************************UPDATE:  The World hours are now 9 AM to 9 PM Pacific Time, but I have been there outside those hours.  As long as someone is there, we can play a multiplayer (2-player) game.  Otherwise, solo mode is available anytime.Studio sessions are very flexible.  They must have gotten more coaches or else the coaches are working more hours, but I can schedule a session for any time from morning to evening, 7 days a week.  This is not true for all TOTALe languages, so it's a nice feature.************************************UPDATE #2:  ADAPTIVE RECALLI did not have Adaptive Recall in my initial review, because I did not know it existed.  It has been about 3 1/2 months since I started my lessons and 2 1/2 months since my original review.  Now that I have entered Level 2, I've had the chance to experience Adaptive Recall and have found another reason to love TOTALe.Adaptive Recall takes me through little review lessons from the past so that I don't forget what I've learned.  Apparently, depending on how well I do, the review lessons will repeat more or less frequently.  I have the option of skipping the Adaptive Recall Lessons, if I desire.  I didn't skip them.  I found them very helpful.******************************************UPDATE #3: It's been about six months since I started Rosetta Stone.  Something amazing happened today.  I was taking a studio session and as the coach asked me questions or asked me to interact with another learner, I was able to respond without fishing for the words, mentally doing translation gymnastics from English to French.  I opened my mouth the the words spilled out.  It was far from proficient, but I was able to express myself more fluently than ever before.  I surprised myself by not thinking in English.  Wow.******************************************UPDATE #4:  It's now April, 2011.  I've been at it for awhile and still enjoy my lessons.  There has been a recent bug in the Rosetta Stone World.  When I'm there, if I ever hit the backspace button (which happens a lot, because I frequently mistype, especially in French), it kicks me out of the game.  This was not previously an issue.  I hope they fix it.UPDATE #5:  The problem with the backspace button was caused by the Adobe Air update.  Per technical support, I uninstalled version 2.6 and installed version 2.5 and my problem is no more.*********************************************UPDATE #6:  I was kicked out of a studio session today for using a wireless headset.  Too much echo, they said.  Only wired headsets allowed, folks.  (They did send me a wired one free of charge when I complained that the one I got with the Rosetta Stone had broken.)*********************************************UPDATE #7:  I've been at this for about a year.  My French cousins just came over for a visit and I think I understood a lot of what they were saying to each other.  Can't hold an intelligent conversation yet, but I can probably get around in Paris and the basics are okay.  That's not bad.  I'm midway through level 2.  The games section seemed to have died down.  Not many people there, but I don't spend much time there anymore, so maybe they are there when I'm not looking.  The studio courses have opened a lot of slots, so I can take classes just about whenever I want.  They even email reminders now, which is helpful.

Like all of the rosetta stone products, the V4 French language learning pack is one-of-a-kind, and an excellent tool for learning a secondary language. French, to me, is more difficult to learn than some other languages, and, I believe this software will be the most helpful to those who also have an alternative learning method for this language (for example, in a classroom setting or with a tutor). I definitely believe the Totale experience that is part and parcel of Version 4 of this software is a welcome addition, regardless of the language you are learning.The software, itself, is also fairly easy to install and use. (It does not take a computer genius to do so!) One thing that people need to understand if they are going to use this product to learn any language, is that, it still takes effort on the part of the student to adequately learn a foreign language, even with this the help of this software. If you are expecting a "quick fix", then you will probably be disappointed with this or any similar product. One thing this software can do, is to make the learning experience a fun experience, and, with Totale, a shared experience. Like so many things in life, the student will receive aid from this software commensurate with the amount of effort they put into learning!
When I opened the RosettaStone box and saw that a headset with microphone was included I got a good feeling. Using the software confirmed the feeling.  RosettaStone is pricey but I learned much more using this software than I have using much cheaper alternatives. If you can afford the price this is worth it.The software is truly interactive and leads you from one step to the other. I have used other language systems where I was not sure where to go next.There is a large emphasis on speech recognition software that helps with pronunciation.  My experience has been it is much easier to learn to read and write a language rather than speak a language.  Worst case you just take a language dictionary and look up a word. It is much harder to do that while you are speaking.After about five years of Spanish in school I went to Spain and found I had trouble conversing with people with any speed at all or following what they were saying. I have spoken in very simple French to a couple of friends who speak the language here and while I am still learning I have high hopes. I hope to visit France one day and have a better a better experience using this software.The games are entertaining enough to be worth playing and using.  They feel more like games than lessons.The set includes four language learning software disks, twelve audio companion disks as well as a headset with microphone.I am still early in my learning curve since I have never spoken French before so I will update this in a month.Update: I have learned a lot with this software and am pleased with my progress.
Rosetta Stone is certainly a leader in language software. The French Level 1-3 set demonstrates why. Not only does Version 4 TOTALe feature the teaching software, lessons, interactivity, and games to make French-language acquisition fun and enjoyable, but it also includes access to additional activities online.As someone who took four years of in-class French, I can say without hesitation, that I wish I had learned the language this way. It would have been much more enjoyable and allowed me to learn the language more quickly at my own pace.I highly recommend it.
I'm a big fan of Rosetta Stone and I've tried several of the previous versions of this software. They've made a nice improvement with the addition of online services that further help you to learn the language, in this case French. The only hard decision you need to make is whether the price is a deal killer. I can't help you there, except to say if you've got the money this is a great product and great language program. It makes learning a new language much more fun and painless than other programs. My other favorite product out there is the Pimsleur language CDs. For example, if the price of Rosetta Stone is too much, you might giveFrench, Basic: Learn to Speak and Understand French with Pimsleur Language Programs (Simon & Schuster's Pimsleur)a try.
As someone who's struggled learning French from 10 years of schooling, I'm generally skeptical of language learning tools since I suspect my ability to pick up a second language isn't that good. I'm pleased to say that after 2 months of using this an hour a day the results have exceeded my expectations, and I'm not even finished with all 5 levels.The Rosetta Stone approach is simple: they present a series of images, sometimes with text and sometimes not, and you either have to select the correct answer in a form of visual multiple choice, or speak a response that's tested by their voice recognition software. There's not a word of English in any of the material, so it works through 100% immersion by having the student associate the images with the sounds of the words and their spelling. Advocates of this learning method point out that babies learn languages exactly the same way, and everyone grows up being able to speak their own language.The key to success with Rosetta Stone is being able to commit an hour or day, or some regular period of time, and completing all the exercises. There's no memorization involved or learning of verb tables or tenses or any of the other technical elements that can seem confusing in a textbook format. While you might not end up with a pitch-perfect accent or the ability to say extraordinarily complex sentences, it certainly provides all the building blocks to give you the confidence and fluency to continue to the next level. Additionally, it includes 15 months of online access to a native French community, where you can really start developing the skills you've acquired from the software.If you're serious about growing your knowledge of French, and you have the time to commit, Rosetta Stone is a great resource - it's not cheap but it's less expensive than the equivalent in a language school. Just one technical caveat: I found that the voice recognition only worked well with the headphones they provided rather than existing sets I already own.
My teenage daughter uses Rosetta Stone to assist with her High School language studies.She previously used Rosetta Stone French 1-3, so I welcomed the opportunity to try the latest full version.When I inserted the application disk to begin installation, the computer (PC Win Vista 32-bit) could not immediately launch nor even recognize the disk. After a few attempts of manually launching it, I got it to work.  The first thing we noticed was the improved user interface from previous versions. The colors and pictures seem more detailed and the overall presentation seems more polished. The new headphones are also more comfortable and seem a bit clearer, including the mic (which picks up less background noise). The interface and hardware improvements became even more noticeable as more options and studying opportunities were presented. The new interface and improved headset are great for playing the included games, reading stories, and communicating with other users also learning your language. The included TOTALe online content adds another exciting dimension to learning.  My daughter enjoys the additional content and many new learning opportunities as they unlock during her learning process. She is eager to unlock new content regularly and quickly. She also enjoys interacting with other users online. The plastic credit card type activation code is much better than the previous paper printed activation code.  The design makes it very obvious that it is an important document and decreases the likelihood of inadvertently throwing it away.If you are new to Rosetta Stone, the easiest way to describe it is to imagine watching those public television learning shows when you were little.  Remember how they made little games and activities out of learning vowels and how to spell?  Well, that's the best way to explain how Rosetta Stone works, only instead of the honor system, it has speech recognition capability and will measure your ability to correctly pronounce the words/phrases.As a French Student, My daughter enjoys the repetition, both visual and audio. Although she is starting this latest version from the beginning again, she found herself remembering words and phrases more quickly as she progresses. The program makes it so fun to immerse yourself in the language that it doesn't feel like lessons at all, but rather more like a fun game.  I look forward to seeing her make much more progress as Rosetta Stone makes more content and immersive hands-on opportunities available. She plans to utilize the program throughout the year in conjunction with her school language studies.* Pros - More Abilities to further practice, Easy Installation guide, Profile Builder in order to establish an identity on the web, and the option to set reminders of progress and practice. Microphone is clearer and more designed for comfort, picks up less background noise. Repetition is key, Easy photos, clear pronunciations in instructor's voices, easy distinguished installation key, 15 Month TOTALe Online Subscription included (For the games, stories, and live talk sessions), FUN!* Cons - Initial issues with starter disk, expensive.
First off let me tell you what this won't do.  It won't teach you how to be fluid in French. It won't teach you the intricacies of reading French.  And it won't teach you without you putting in a regular commitment and work.Let me then tell you what it will do.  It will build a very strong foundation in French speaking that will help you develop your skills further in advanced settings.The format is like the other Rosetta Stones, a graduated course of vocabulary and conversation that builds on previous knowledge slowly so that you are always adding more while always reviewing.  While some of the pictures and the conversations are updated in this newer version, the overall approach stays the same.  Which is good, because it works.  That is, it works if you are willing to put in regular time, ideally every day, for a long stretch over months of dedication.When I started this I was not quite a beginner, but I was needing a huge amount of review and so started from the beginning.  My wife spent four years in France, became near fluent when she lived there, but has been back in the states for about six years.  She started on level four.  Both of us were pushed to fill in our gaps and renew our language skills without too much bother.What sets this package apart is the online opportunities it offers to get more focused training and interaction, so that you are not limited to the conversations in the program itself, which would eventually (after a while) come to an end.If you go through this you will certainly sharpen your skills and gain a level of speaking comfort that gets you started in learning the language more fluently.  What's also great is that this isn't 'book' French. Last May my wife and I went to Europe and I was very pleased how this program got me into actual conversational French as it is actually spoken.  Something that many classroom courses don't do.  Indeed, while this is somewhat expensive, I'd say it is better than a couple of years of beginning classroom instruction. Though, again, this program won't take you into fluency, so you'll need more conversational practice after you finish if you want to get that far in speaking.If you're interested in learning French, this is a fabulous way to get a solid foundation. I highly, highly recommend it.
Rosetta Stone language courses are about as impressive as computer based courses can get. These are NOT the kind of course you purchase if you want to learn a couple of phrases for your upcoming vacation, instead - they are what you buy if you want to become as close to fluent as you can possibly get. This new line (Version 4 with TotalE) builds upon the past products from Rosetta Stone. I've used several of these in the past (to learn German and French) so was very interested to try out these new versions.The version I'm reviewing here is for the top of the line French package - which includes levels 1,2,3,4 and 5. In addition to computer based training, V4 also delivers online training with native speakers and a form of social networking, which helps complete the immersion factor.Lessons are extremely well organized, and you are led through the courses at your own pace. One of the best features of the packages is the voice recognition. This is important, because when you are learning a new language, it is just you and the computer, so you need something to check your progress. Included in the box is a good quality headset, and I found that it picked up my voice and pronunciation quite well. Because this is such an extensive course, I've only made it into level one, but I'm already more confident at feeling I'll accomplish what I set out to do - learn French.This of course brings up an important point - you WILL need to be committed to this. You'll fail if you only spend 10 minutes a day at this. You really need to set some time aside each day, and keep up your training. When I skipped a five day period, it took some catching up to pick up where I left off. The software is extremely comprehensive - in addition to the training, you also get the online portion and even some basic language skill games.Then there is of course the price - at $779 for the top of the line package, this is not your everyday language course. But when you put this into perspective and consider how much time/cost would be involved in a one-on-one course and immersion, you'll realize that the cost is quite reasonable. But once again - don't compare this to a 200 page language course book at the local book shop - this is way, way more valuable.Of course, you do not have to start with the 1,2,3,4,5 package - individual lessons start at just $229 and will get you a very good start at the basics of the language. Once completed, you will not only have a decent vocabulary, you'll also master grammar and pronunciation. But most importantly, I feel that the course give you confidence. Because you can actually talk with native speakers in the online portion, you won't need to travel abroad to put your new skills to the test.If you are sitting at home wishing you could speak more than just English - this is how to pick up a new language. And thanks to the various levels, you can pick your own level of skill you want to accomplish. Just think - in under a year, you could master the art of basic communication skills in 4 or 5 different languages.
I wished I used this method to learn Italian.  Previously, I learned from a few sources, which included an audio CD and several "Instant Italian" pocket guides.  Having tried the Rosetta Stone method, I cannot go back to the other ways.  It works.The Rosetta Stone method breaks down and simplifies language learning more intuitively than other programs and methods I've tried.  It does not emphasize grammar rules or vocabulary lists.  Rather, it provides an environment where you learn by associating words with images.  This curriculum follows some of the basic principles in many immersion education programs, and mimics the way language is taught to a small child.  In my opinion and experience, this association method helps to increase retention, and makes learning much more intuitive.This package has a very good speech recognition system integrated into the program.  This helps to improve the learning process, since it gives feedback on accent and pronunciation, and improves your ability to speak as well.What I liked:Interactive software - I was able to apply what I learned after each lesson.It also comes with a headset+microphone to help with the pronounciation.  BIG PLUS!Audio companion - I loaded up these lessons on my MPT3 player and I was able to practice while driving to and from work.Online Lessons - I liked the practice sessions, and having native Italian speakers is a huge plus.I was able to perfect my pronunciation with this set.  There is an online community that you can join and participate with others online.  It's a very nice addition, and something that seems exclusive to Rosetta.  However, this feature is only available without extra cost for 3 months, after this trial period it is $25/month, or $149 for 15 months.  I finished the software lessons, went through it again, and then used the online feature.What I didn't like:My only issue is the price.  It is very expensive!  In some sense, you get what you pay for, and with this you pay a premium.  However, if you want to learn Italian on your own time, and you can afford it, I highly recommend the Rosetta Stone.
I've always found learning a new language to be a huge challenge. Never was able to get past the bare basics in high school language classes (German) and, despite the fact that both my parents were born and raised in Italy, I've never been able to get much traction in Italian either.The Rosetta Stone software, however, is making a difference. No, I can't say that after using the software for a week that I'm fluent in Italian, but I am making progress. It's a very comfortable way to learn the language, especially since it's self-paced and offers tools (the headset/microphone) to help out with pronunciation, a particular stumbling block for me. Since I'm so slow at picking up a language (and self-conscious about it), I'm finding this type of robust, immersive self-study to be far more effective than classroom learning.A minor nit to pick -- I wish the headset quality was a bit better since it's such an important tool in the process. It's adequate, but given the price tag for the product, better sound quality and usage comfort would be welcomed.This is only Level 1 Italian, so the language skills taught are just the basics. Think of it as a way to get your feet wet with a new language. If you're serious about becoming fluent in Italian or looking for more than just the ability to "try on" a new language, then you'll want to get the advanced versions (unfortunately, at a much higher cost).It is a very fun way to learn a language. If you're willing to put in the time, it does produce results.
I was thrilled to get the Rosetta Stone and be able to begin a lifelong desire to speak Italian!The software was very easy to load and use. The simple approach to learning a language as a child does was one terrific idea!I agree with other posters that to become fluent you will need to purchase more than just this level 1 program. However, this does allow you to learn some simple things and I do feel you could communicate enough to get your idea across.And, it is FUN to do! I'm enjoying it immensely!
I had reviewed a couple years back Rosetta Stone's V3 software.  Little has changed at the core of the learning system, which is by far and away a good thing.  If you're not familiar with how this program works, it is truly the most "natural" way to learn a language.Let me explain (if you do know how this works skip to the next paragraph for updates on the new features).  This program does the best it can to mimic a child-like learning environment, which is what everyone needs to learn.  I really mean it.  Think of it this way: how do children learn a language?  They imitate what they hear and see, right?  They do not have a concept early on of memorization.  Children do not memorize language, grammar, vocabulary, sentences, etc...they repeat what they hear, associate what they hear with what they see, and make mistakes as they go, slowly correcting themselves with guidance and observation and trial and error.  This program does the same thing, but with you, an adult (or so I presume for most readers of this review).  It shows you a picture, associates the word visually, and then through audition.  You then practice back by seeing, choosing, saying the words that you have learned.  You'll make mistakes, but will self-correct with this program just like a child would.  Practice will not make perfect, only permanent.  Hence, when you do practice, make sure to do it slowly and really understand what it is that you're saying, seeing, and hearing; this program makes it much easier than reading a book alone, or just listening to audio cassettes; it's truly an all-encompassing programs.  Memorization and just repetition is NOT the way to learn a language, and friend of mine who did this for 4 years (think Highschool) cannot speak a single sentence even though they were A students.  I, having been blessed with a teacher who forced us to live the language by all the ways that a mind can comprehend it, never memorized the language, and can speak it very well now (no medical terms, but good `ol conversation and banter).So, what's new here compared to V3?  I was pleasantly surprised that at least one of my previous suggestions in a previous review was taken seriously.  I had mentioned the need for you to practice with native speakers in order to really get the hang of a language.  And now, you get this chance with a short free trial.  I had also mentioned in the old review to make learning the language fun, as anything that's fun is instantly remembered for the long term better as we all know.  Rosetta Stone included games to play and enjoy.  I'm very happy that this company really listens to its customers and updates its products, instead of sticking to its guns thinking they figured everything out.  Two thumbs up for that.I HAVE NOT (reason forthcoming), yet tried the online sessions with the native speakers.  There's a reason for this, and I really hope you take note of this before purchasing this product.  First, I don't recommend purchasing level 1 of this language (and logically of any).  I want you to ask yourself why you want to learn this language?  To learn how to say "pants" and barely speak or comprehend a sentence, or to actually learn to have some minimal conversational skill?  I'm going to take a wild guess and say you fit into the latter category.  It makes no sense to me to "try" out learning a language and barely learn anything for such an EXPENSIVE program!  Unless you have money to burn skip buying the incomplete set, please.  I recommend that if you are REALLY truly serious about getting the hang of a language to a minimally conversational degree with just the software then get the entire set and save yourself money in the long-run (quite a bit I might add).  Then use the online native speakers to help you master your conversational abilities.  BUT, I emphasize, DO NOT waste your money activating your free trial of the native speaker engagement sessions (and games) until you have complete the entire program.  Why in the world would you take precious time and money to do such a thing when you'll just be able to spit back the names of colors and buildings back to one another?  Wait until you get semi-coherent and put your hard earned dollars to work only then, after mastering the program.  This is precisely why I haven't activated the free trial yet, I want to really get the hang of at least the portion of the program I got to review until I speak to a native speaker.
I've used other Rosetta Stone language sets before, and I have become an enthusiastic advocate of the series ever since I first popped the discs into my computer.  This series does a very thorough, professional, and entertaining job of introducing concepts, pronunciation, and culture to the user which makes it fun and intuitive to learn.  One aspect that all users of of this series should think of is the considerable amount of money you will save by taking the Rosetta Stone courses over university-taught courses.  I fully endorse the university experience to everyone, but one part of my education that I didn't appreciate was the way my foreign languages were crow-barred into a tight window dictated by the school's curriculum.  I know that time is a factor in all classroom environments, but in my experience, foreign languages are best taught with more time and patience given to the student.  This set really promotes that idea, and manages to have a great deal of social interactivity as well.This program comes with games, live practice sessions, and practical exercises that were actually kind of fun to participate in. I am surprised at the level of immersion a strictly online application is able to achieve. Before I used this product, I felt a set like this would lack social interaction with other native speakers, and learning pronunciations, backgrounds, and some sort of framework as to why a word is pronounced the way it is. A frustrating aspect of any language course at a university is that you are sped (or slowed) along at whatever pace is dictated to your instructor, thus losing some continuity and flow of the learning process. When one is forced to learn a language in a certain time frame it can either cause a lot of stress for those who don't understand concepts, or bore those who feel like they have a good grasp of the material. This set is very useful because you can learn at your own pace, challenge yourself if you feel up to the task, and never get caught in an annoying time schedule. Taking public language courses can be corrupted by rules and regulations, and this set counteracts that notion. Of course, universities have their own versions of online tests and practices, but none are as colorful and vivid as the ones I've experienced in this set. Rosetta Stone has an online community of users that I checked in on several times, and it was filled each time with people waiting to practice and speak with others. The volume of interaction was huge compared to my university experience which is essential in learning a new language.A great deal of production and attention to detail was put into this Rosetta Stone set, and the level of immersion and exercises is not only high, but very enjoyable and interesting. It might be harder to understand how useful this is without ever having taken a university-taught course in language, but I'm now sold. Frankly, I was a little skeptical of how this would work, because learning a new language ultimately needs to be a social experience, and hearing and witnessing native speakers in action is essential in becoming a skilled speaker. However, this set does a fantastic job of capturing that social interaction, and even manages to be a little more exciting in interacting with others via the internet and phone.This is the second foreign language set I've used, and I'm having a good time learning Italian, at my own pace.  It's important that users make a push to learn and to not take too much time in immersing themselves in the concepts with a foreign language, but it's a huge plus to be able to allow oneself to fully grasp an idea before they move on.  Rosetta Stone allows that window to be more flexible, and ultimately clears the way for better and more effective learning.
I got Rosetta Stone Italian Level 1 a few months prior to a vacation in Rome, mainly because the last time my wife and I visited Italy, we went without knowing any Italian and all... and that made for some frustration.I speak Japanese and some Spanish, so I am familiar with the challenges involved in learning a new language. However, Rosetta Stone made it easy and fun to learn very basic Italian. This allowed me to keep the travel book with frequently used phrases in my pocket when asking questions at shops and for directions, mainly.The main problem was once I asked in Italian the person usually would speak to me in Italian and I had to confess, in Italian, that I only knew a very little Italian. So at least they could understand what I was able to say! Thanks to Rosetta Stone I was comfortable not only listening but also speaking Italian because I had so much practice doing both.I'd give yourself at least 2-3 months before trying this in-country, but the pace in which you learn is really up to you. There are so many options that I didn't use... like the online lessons, the games, the community. I just didn't have the time for those and found the basic tutorials quite sufficient (and excellent) but it's great to have those options.
The sum total of five or six years of language study in high school and college: ciao, aloha, hola, merci, and da fa hojo.  My French teacher still laughs about the time I gave my dog a small bone and told him bona petite.  Once when I was in the French consulate getting a visa, the woman asked me how I was going to travel around France without speaking French, and I told her, "I speak English very well," and in all honesty, merci, spoken correctly, works most of the time.I have read about the Rosetta programs and longed for them.  I just knew that the Rosetta programs were the key to my success in learning new languages.  No more cassette tapes in the car!  No more translating by asking Coley to tell me what it says or punching things into Google.  Did we end up speaking Italian?  Not really.  You still need to put concentrated effort into it.This is an interesting program.  My teenager and I have been using it for a while and had a great time practicing.  We pretty much make up stuff when we need it.  A friend of ours who spent a number of years living in Italy was not that impressed with our accents but she still thought it was amazing.  She said we needed to spend more time practicing and less time goofing off.  C'est la vieOops.  Wrong language.
This is my first attempt at learning a foreign language outside of a classroom.  I took 3 years of French in high school and 2 years of Spanish in college.  I'm only a few weeks into the process with Rosetta Stone and I am picking up Italian quickly. It's similar to my other European languages because they are all based on Latin.  So far I'm enjoying the way that Rosetta Stone teaches me.  The interface is very easy and the lessons follow a logical order with one lesson building on the previous. I'll continue using this software post an update as I'm further along.  So far so good!
GUEST REVIEWER  ! MRS KNOW IT ALL ;bMr. Know It All and I felt it would be nice to learn the language of our ancestors (Italian).  Rosetta Stone is the best language software you can find.  It is fabulous; you have a lot of fun while learning and the material is presented in a very thorough manner with plenty of visuals, audio, and aids. Another bonus is the added interactive feature and immersion, along with on-line help and tracking your progress. The microphone also allows you to have immediate feedback as to whether you are pronouncing the words correctly. I highly recommend this product for anyone wanting to learn a new language--as this product will take you from the basics to a few levels beyond.
I already have the Rosetta stone spanish version and it is so easy I absolutley love it. I was wondering if it ws going to be the same or not but I should not have had any doubts...It is a fantastic product. So easy to learn with and I love it :)
My grandparents came from Italy and while I never met them I always wanted to learn Italian.  I have never been good at learning languages but thanks to Rosetta Stone I am finally learning Italian.Rosetta Stone is like a game. You start by matching spoken and written Italian words to various pictures and then getting tested to see what you have learned. At first this seemed too simple and I wondered what I was learning but after doing a number of lessons it starts making sense.There are writing lessons where you learn to spell the words as well. These match the words you learned previously.One great feature is a headset with a microphone which allows you to speak the words. The headset with microphone is comfortable to use and connects to a USB port on your computer.There is a speech activation feature that transfers what you are saying to graphs on a screen. If you are not pronouncing a word correctly you can see the correct voice pattern and how yours differs. You keep on going until you pronounce the word right. You can even hear how you pronounced the word since it is recorded on the computer somehow.This is a great feature on a computer learning program. In a class you have a teacher to correct your pronunciation.  With Rosetta Stone you get something better since you see how you are mispronouncing or correctly pronouncing a word.There are also audio only cd's that can be used with a cd or mp3 player.  These remind me of the records I used to use to learn languages when I was a kid. These are great at reinforcing what you have learned.Finally there are online activities that allow you to practice with native speakers.I had a couple of questions when it came to installation and found customer support to be fine.I am learning Italian so I am pleased.  It did not seem like it would work at first and then it started clicking and making sense.
I am a big fan of Rosetta Stone. I love overseas travel, but I don't have the time or patience to take courses that tend to vary wildly in quality and effectiveness. I prefer self-paced learning, and I haven't found anything that comes close to Rosetta Stone's TotalE system in terms of effectiveness. If the value of language training comes from how much you have learned when you complete it, then Rosetta Stone's TotalE training is a relative bargain.I had the chance to test drive the brand new Rosetta Stone Italian Level 1-3 Set in advance of a family trip to Italy this summer. At the outset, I spoke a little Italian, but my vocabulary was limited to the basics. I worked through each of the Italian Level 1-3 sets and was astonished by the difference the unique Rosetta Stone interactive method makes. Instead of listening to boring, repetitive recitations, I was able to actively interact with the software to polish my speaking using the included mic and headset. This approach makes a HUGE difference in terms of building your vocabulary and language abilities and retaining what you've learned. And while I wasn't able to entirely complete the training before writing my review, I expect continued excellent results as I progress through the rest of the system.
I've written a review of Rosetta Stone based on my husband's interaction with the program's Spanish edition being that I already speak it fluently. So I was more than willing to tackle Italian. I have always wanted to learn the language and this has nothing to do with my life long, and most likely afterlife, affair I've had with Marcello Mastroianni. The language just works for me. So I was more than happy to sit down at the computer and give it a go. It goes without saying that the way the program works is totally at your own pace. It allows you to feel at ease and is simple enough that even if you guess at what you are seeing on screen by the end of the first lesson that guess seems logical. Trust me, it will make sense once you become familiar with the program.The reward doesn't come from pushing through the flashcards or games or interaction with members of the site, the reward comes from not truly being able to gauge the level of your comprehension. An example of this was on a recent cab ride with my husband, the radio was tuned to a spanish station and my husband found himself translating the lyrics to me underneath his breath. He was completely FLOORED by what he learned in such a short time using the Spanish edition that he began fiddling around with the Italian one too.Another tip would be to immerse yourself in the language as much as you can. For me, it's all about movies such as 8 1/2, Amacord, Il Postino, etc, with subtitles turned off. Also, fill up on Italian TV, newspapers, articles, cooking and anything else that the web has to offer that will hold your interest. Italian Vogue's website is working for me as well, it's all about learning words and idioms that Rosetta stone won't teach you but you will want to pick up.Again, this program is well worth the purchase, but go at your own pace. Try out level one just to see if it works for you. From what I've used of this, and their other program, you won't be sorry.
I absolutely love Rosetta Stone,I just received this Italian version but I previously bought the English version and Spanish Version as well. I like this system because it is very easy to install and easy to use. You can install it in several computers BUT you can only use it in one computer at the time because you need to insert the disc in the computer to use it.The method is very simple, you see the images, the words/phrases are written for you and then you repeat. The examples ans lessons are read by native speakers so this is useful to imitate the accent and pronunciation.You can take advantage of the on line tutorials and the audio companion (available in CD and mp3) to review on the go.It includes a headset with microphone to use the speech recognition feature.This product is recommended for people 13 an older.I love that it is very interactive and I can work at my own pace.
Rosetta Stone is the market leader in language education and this, Rosetta Stone Totale Italian lessons 1-5, is yet another effective entry in the Rosetta Stone line. This product immerses the student in the Italian language, teaching eager learners how to speak Italian in less time than with traditional classroom instruction.Rosetta Stone Totale Italian follows the same Rosetta Stone formula that has made the product so helpful and so useful to students of foreign languages. Rather than teaching via memorization, Rosetta Stone teaches more directly. Students are given exercises that deal with direct conversation and include special speech recognition software. The Rosetta Stone system provides instant feedback, letting the student know exactly where he/she is excelling and where improvement is needed.Among the helpful features, the one I like best is the RS world feature. It allows the student to converse directly with a native Italian speaker and the two speak back in forth in both English and Italian. Through this direct immersion, the student quickly learns how to pronounce certain words and, most importantly, how to put everything together into complete sentences and conversation. This system is much more effective and it teaches the language at a much faster pace than with ordinary, classroom langauage instruction.If there is one word of caution I could give to anxious students yearning to speak fluent Italian it would be to not set your expectations too high. Yes, the Rosetta Stone system is effective and millions of satisfied customers swear by its methodology. But regardless, you shouldn't purchase this product expecting to speak perfect, fluent Italian by the end of the fifth lesson. Some people, based on all of the positive reviews they read, purchase this system and expect miracles. Then, the product doesn't deliver the impossible and so they rate it lower. You won't speak perfect Italian after using this product, but your foreign language prowess will improve.Learning a foreign language is part of many individual to- do lists, but classroom instruction isn't the best way to achieve this goal. A system such as that provided by Rosetta Stone is far more effective than reading a book and while the price is high, the final results are certainly worth it. The cost of Rosetta Stone is still less than that of most instructional classes and the learning curve is shorter, making this a very good product for the determined student.
This Rosetta Stone "Italian Level 1-5" is the best way we have used to learn any foreign (to us) language. We have theRosetta Stone Spanish (Latin America) Level 1-5 Setand it helped my daughter go far beyond her High School classes, so gave this one a try when she wanted to learn Italian in college.The secret to getting the most out these programs is to start slowly and get the fundamentals down. Then be sure to take full advantage of the on-line "native language" speaker exercises once you build up a basic vocabulary.This program works!Highly Recommended!CFH
I received this a year ago and still am slowly going through the lessons. I haven't taken advantage of any online sessions but slowly go through the lessons time permitting- I am planning on going to Italy in 2013, so will focus more when the time comes closer but a little every week has been the perfect speed for me, and really enjoy the lessons and how they connect pictures, sound and words together- Its been a year, and I am just starting lesson four so this can be done at your own speed.. The only downfall this way is you lose the online services, but to be honest I haven't used much of the services anyways..Again for people like me, not in any hurry I still feel I am getting the benefit!
My daughter and I are all a bit dyslexic so traditional types of drill and kill to language does not work well.  This software has several learning modes that keep us interested.  We have all are going at our own speed and enjoying having a new language in our house.  My daughter's grandmother is from Italy and it is fun to be able to speak to her in he own language.  It is very to encouraging to be able to speak so quickly with confidence.  If you are afraid to use a language you'll really struggle to learn it.  This software does a good job of helping us feel comfortable using from the start.
Yes Rosetta Stone carries a higher price tag but I find that the program does work with time and dedication.  The Italian 1-5 set is loaded with language sessions and by the time you complete level 5 you will be able understand Italian.  That being said Rosetta Stone is not for everyone.  If you have many distractions at home or if you are easily distracted then this program may not be for you.  To be successful, you need to plan accordingly.  Layout a training plan with enough time each week to practice.  I set aside 2 to 3 hours each week.  If you have kids, you need ensure understand when you are practicing.  Another recommendation prior to starting is purchasing a better headset because the one that comes with the set is cheap. They will work until you can get a better headset. Finally you should have an Italian to English Dictionary handy for when you unsure of the word during your lessons.  You can also have Google Translation up and ready when you hit a snag.The program is easy to use and it goes through a large amount of repetitions do drive home basic language.  You also have to say the words properly before you move on. Rosetta Stone has doe a good with keeping you interested with the lessons and games. With Totale the interaction move to online. The studio session allow to speak with a native speaker.  This is why I believe if another family member or friend is using Rosetta Stone at the same time it is helpful to expand on your training.If you want to learn another language, Rosetta Stone will work.  There is no shortcut.  You need to make the time and effort.  As I mentioned above if you have too many distractions then classroom training is most likely a better option for you.I would recommend this product to friends and family.
Like all of the Rosetta Stone products, the V4 Italian language learning pack is one-of-a-kind, and an excellent tool for learning a secondary language. If you need to learn the language quickly and expertly, then I believe this software will be the most helpful to those who also have an alternative learning method for this language (for example, in a classroom setting or with a tutor). However, if you are learning Italian for your own personal enrichment, and have the luxury of some time, then this software should take you where you want to go. I definitely believe the Totale experience that is part and parcel of Version 4 of this software is a welcome addition, regardless of the language you are learning.The software, itself, is also fairly easy to install and use. (It does not take a computer genius to do so!) One thing that people need to understand if they are going to use this product to learn any language, is that, it still takes effort on the part of the student to adequately learn a foreign language, even with this the help of this software. If you are expecting a "quick fix", then you will probably be disappointed with this or any similar product. One thing this software can do, is to make the learning experience a fun experience, and, with Totale, a shared experience. Like so many things in life, the student will receive aid from this software commensurate with the amount of effort they put into learning!I gave it 5 stars because I believe it is the best software of its kind on the market today, but that does not mean it is perfect. Mostly, this has to do with policies set forth by Rosetta Stone as a company. Their license for this software only allows you to install it on one computer. At the price they are charging, this seems just plain greedy. Also, they definitely have a little monopoly going when it comes to pricing their software, as they only distribute their product to "authorized dealers", which enables Rosetta Stone to ultimately control the price the consumer pays. They have a good, unique product, so they get away with these shenanigans, but they lose respect in the industry, too. I guess that is a price they are willing to pay.
I've been meaning to try out Rosetta Stone software for some time, so when the Italian version came up, I jumped at it.  I had taken some Italian classes in the past, but never picked up much Italian and had to stop due to work constraints.You've probably seen/heard the ads on Rosetta Stone and were skeptical.  I was.  Despite all the hoopla and ads you see and hear, this is probably the best way to learn a language.  It's like a video game on steroids where you start learning the language immediately.  I kept wanting to go back to the lessons because it was so darn fun.These lessons are in Italian, and while not all is intuitive, I got it figured out pretty quick.  You hear speakers and match words and phrases to the pictures.  After a while, I got to the point where I was choosing pictures almost as fast as they were speaking.  Did I make mistakes?  Sure, but it tells you right off and you can try again.It's' not just pictures, but that is a big part of it.  I took the listening course and found I understood the phrases better than I normally would.  The grammar is remarkably useful and while I didn't start off with the traveling phrasebook other language courses use, I felt like I learned pronouns, verb conjugations, word gender and other useful things.  I felt that I was learning a language and not just some useful phrases.What's really cool is that with the software is an audio CD to listen to in the car and online workshops and classes to get more training.  I'm pretty amazed how quickly (2 short sessions) I got through the first lesson of the first disk and mentally started putting meanings with the vocabulary even though they never said X means this.Overall, it's enjoyable and now I'm really thinking I might learn another language like Italian.  Yes, it's costly, but well worth it if you want to learn a language.  My thought?  Once you have the basics of the language syntax, the rest is just building vocabulary.I'm not an idiot. I'm going to be going for my PhD, have 2 ancient languages under my belt (Latin and Anglo Saxon) and have learned a smattering of Italian, Japanese and French.  So far, this seems the best living language course out there.
Let me preface my review by telling you that I LOVE Rosetta Stone products and I am a huge believer in reinforcing learning at home.  This version of Rosetta Stone has all the latest and greatest to offer you!Bring Italian to life!If your child is taking their first year of Italian or you are ready to head off on vacation and want to learn the language yourself, Rosetta Stone is a great learning tool for you both!  Version 4 comes with the learning lessons, headset with mic, app to use with your iPhone or iPod Touch for on the go learning and access to a virtual community online for lessions, games and chat!  I really don't think you can ask for more from a product.My only regret is that I didn't know about this product sooner! I certainly would have bought it for each one of my children throughout their schooling! What a GREAT product for homeschooling as well!
Over ten years ago I purchased my first Rosetta Stone language software. At that time I bought Spanish for my young son.  It was a good program and I used to make him do lessons regularly.  Unfortunately, I didn't stick with it over the years--but those early lessons helped build a good foundation and it has helped him in his current High School Spanish class.I was impressed with the program then--and I am more impressed with the newest versions and the online activities it provides. If you really want to learn a foreign language I feel this is the best choice (unless you can afford private lessons--or spending an extended time in a foreign country).The lessons involve a variety of different activities, listening, speaking, and even writing. Being able to sit at my computer with the headset on (one comes with the set), and repeat the words is really helpful. I haven't actually tried any of the online activities (I'm a bit shy), but I feel I will when I become more comfortable.  As an educator myself, I am very impressed and interested in the variety of teaching methods Rosetta Stone uses.I may get the chance to travel to Italy within the next two years.  I feel confident that if I stick with this program I will be able to communicate at a decent level when I get there.The cost of the program is high, but it is equivalent to taking a three-credit course at a Community College.  I believe this course will provide me with more than what one sixteen week course will.  The online subscription itself goes for 15 months.If you want to learn a language--my suggestion is Rosetta Stone software.
I already speak spanish fluently but my husband doesn't. So he went right to work on it, it took him ages to progress. But that was OK. I would watch him nightly and he seemed to be having a blast, blurting word after word into the microphone and any other outside activities that he could to enrich himself in the language such as reading spanish newspapers and following a telenovela. We began having small conversations in spanish, nothing major, just causal and while he wasn't fluent and you could see the wheels spinning, he was learning and after a while the pace of what he learned and could retain became quicker. He seemed to be having so much of a blast that I wanted in on the fun and started to run through things. It didn't matter that I already knew the mechanics, Rosetta puts you at such a peaceful state while learning that you can't help but want to move forward. It also helps that you are doing things at your own speed/connivence. Well worth it.
Whats not to like about this ProgramITs teaches liks your best Spanish Teacher.Its have a very easy user interface.Well thought about.Can talk back to work on pronunciationsIphone appHeadset and microphones too are included.Its Spanish all in a box.Its almost like a game and learning spanish is fun and not tedious.EAsy InstallationCAn learn on the go b ripping it to ur ipod or iphoneExcellent
GUEST REVIEWER ! MS. KNOW IT ALL ;-bMr. Know It All and I felt it was time learn another language and Spanish seemed like the perfect one to start with----considering the obvious catering to the Spanish speaking people in this country.  Well, this product is fabulous, you have a lot of fun while learning and the material is presented in a very thorough manner with plenty of visuals, audio, and aids.  Another bonus is the added interactive feature and immersion, along with on-line help and tracking your progress.  The microphone also allows you to have immediate feedback as to whether you are pronouncing the words correctly.  I highly recommend this product for anyone wanting to start with the basis of the Spanish language.
This is such a fantastic and easy product my 6 year old grand daughter used it when she was here and has picked up some spanish words already. Now when a product can be easy enough for a child as well as not too simple for an adult then it is a great product in my book. I haven't had the chance to get too deep into it but so far I can see where I will be able to learn easily with this. I have already been able to pick out a few words I hear in the stores so I can tell if someone is asking me a question about a certain thing. This is great.
I started out skeptical. I was ready to point out every flaw...but after a while I LOVE it. As long as you have less of the expectation of the infomercials, this is an EXCELLENT introduction to a new language.There are so many small yet super innovative things about this program. For example, if you try over and over to get the pronunciation right and keep failing, not only can you click an icon to hear it again, but you also have the option to open a screen that will playback your voice and show the 'voice printout' alongside the correct printout! How cool is that?!  After finishing a lesson that includes some basic words I was brave enough to try the interactive games. And the games are so fun! I spent last night online for hours playing games with other Rosetta Stone users in other countries. They match you with similar levels of people so you never feel 'stupid'.I can not roll my 'r' no matter how hard I try. It can get discouraging when over and over you get the noise indicating a mistake. I switched from the included headphones to the mic on the computer and then my less-than-perfect 'rr' was accepted.If the program freezes, no worries, just shut down and re-open. That only happened once for me. Other than that, it was easy to load.There is also a feature (FREE!!!!) called Mobile Companion. You download a speaking lesson for 'on the go', when you aren't on the computer.I won't go into any more of what it does, because if you are reading you probably already know.Now, if you have an iPad, not an iPhone or iPod, but the iPad, you will see that there is a note on the Rosetta Stone box indicating you can use the Mobile Companion with an iPhone or iPod. I followed the online instructions to get it to load on my iPad, without success. I accessed the tech support, which was easy and they were very polite, but was told there was no way to load on the iPad. I found a way!!! Do not follow the website directions. On your iPad, do NOT go to iTunes as they tell you to do, go to Apps. Then search NOT 'totale', but 'Rosetta Stone', and choose the free app. It will ask for your email and password, and then you're in! Just remember, it is only for 3 months, then an additional fee applies. A good tip...when you first install this program on your main computer, do not select the option to start your 3 month online support. Wait until you feel confident enough to take advantage of the games, live online lessons with other students (!!!), etc. Then log in to the 3 month extras. You will want every day of them.Is it worth the money? Rosetta Stone pretty much has the market on home language learning. It can only be installed on ONE computer, and you can have up to 5 users. Do not buy thinking you can share it with your friends, or even with a family member on an unshared computer. If the whole family uses it on a shared computer, it is certainly worth it. If you like all the extra little touches that no one else has on a language program, it's worth it for the individual.I have to go now. In a few minutes I have a live online lesson that I scheduled!
I have never used Rosetta Stone before - although I have wished to use it for at least 6 years and expand beyond English and my limited French.  This program is fantastic - easy to set up, and easy to start.  And yes, you really will begin speaking another language in 10 minutes as you may have seen advertized.The lessons are quite addictive and fun.  Instead of looking at a book and trying to learn conjunctions of verbs, you look at pictures, listen to a native speaker, and then repeat (or fill in) when prompted.  This is how we all learned our native language...seriously, does anyone consciously think about verb tense unless they are writing?  The lessons start with core lessons, followed by various combinations of vocabulary, listening, pronunciation, grammar, reading, writing, and speaking.  The pictures are engaging - filled with bright colors to hold your interest.I've invested money in both books, tapes, and cd's that I thought could do the job of Rosetta Stone.  Big mistake. Instead of going for all that, I should have saved up for this.  I am notoriously hardheaded when it comes to language, even though I have the necessary desire.  I also tend to get distracted from tasks, which makes me a poor candidate for learning language through almost every system.  You can pause, exit out of, repeat, and/or pick back up where you left off in every lesson...and you can go at your own learning pace.  I'm actually learning and thinking about my immediate surroundings in Spanish!If you are truly serious about speaking another language, look no further.  This program is an investment in your future...whether you need this for travel, business, or personal reasons.The box includes a start up cd, lesson cd's, a headset with a mic, audio companion cd's for a cd player or MP3 player, and stickers for your keyboard to simulate those in Espa&ntilde;ol.
I used the Pimsleur system (a listening only approach) for Japanese some 10 years ago and it was very helpful (I used it while commuting to and from work). But then again I had many years experience living in Japan and the 3-courses mainly sharpened my existing skills. I think it would have been challenging to a new-comer to the language.Tackling Spanish as a complete beginner, however, there is no comparison: Rosetta Stone has nailed it.  The system is fun and very interactive. I've been amazed at the online community that it includes.The software takes the drudgery from learning a new language and actually makes it fun with optional games and "live" interactive chats & activities in a addition to the basic course (which in and of itself is worth the price of admission).My only feature request would be that the software remind me each day to "dive in" and complete my next phase. I solved this by simply added it to my computer's calendar (15-30 minutes a day) -- but would be a nice-to-have.I really have found no cons to this system. Even the included headset works great and is quite comfortable.I'll be getting the Japanese course next as a refresher since it's been some time since I've used it.  I can see now why everyone raves so much about Rosetta Stone: It Rocks!
Rosetta Stone language courses are about as impressive as computer based courses can get. These are NOT the kind of course you purchase if you want to learn a couple of phrases for your upcoming vacation, instead - they are what you buy if you want to become as close to fluent as you can possibly get. This new line (Version 4 with TotalE) builds upon the past products from Rosetta Stone. I've used several of these in the past (to learn German and French) so was very interested to try out these new versions.The version I'm reviewing here is for the mid-level 1,2,3 package - which includes levels 1,2 and 3. In addition to computer based training, V4 also delivers online training with native speakers and a form of social networking, which helps complete the immersion factor. The online portion included provides access for 12 months, after that you'll either be done learning, or you'll need to purchase an extension.Lessons are extremely well organized, and you are led through the courses at your own pace. One of the best features of the packages is the voice recognition. This is important, because when you are learning a new language, it is just you and the computer, so you need something to check your progress. Included in the box is a good quality headset, and I found that it picked up my voice and pronunciation quite well. Because this is such an extensive course, I've only made it into level one, but I'm already more confident at feeling I'll accomplish what I set out to do - learn Spanish.This of course brings up an important point - you WILL need to be committed to this. You'll fail if you only spend 10 minutes a day at this. You really need to set some time aside each day, and keep up your training. When I skipped a five day period, it took some catching up to pick up where I left off. The software is extremely comprehensive - in addition to the training, you also get the online portion and even some basic language skill games.Then there is of course the price - this is not a cheap language course. But when you put this into perspective and consider how much time/cost would be involved in a one-on-one course and immersion, you'll realize that the cost is quite reasonable. But once again - don't compare this to a 200 page language course book at the local book shop - this is way, way more valuable.Of course, you do not have to start with the 1,2,3 package - individual lessons start at just $229 and will get you a very good start at the basics of the language. Once completed, you will not only have a decent vocabulary, you'll also master grammar and pronunciation. But most importantly, I feel that the course gives you confidence. Because you can actually talk with native speakers in the online portion, you won't need to travel abroad to put your new skills to the test.If you are sitting at home wishing you could speak more than just English - this is how to pick up a new language. And thanks to the various levels, you can pick your own level of skill you want to accomplish. Just think - in under a year, you could master the art of basic communication skills in 4 or 5 different languages.
I was skeptical in learning through Rosetta Stone - it is heavily advertised - in malls, airports ....After trying this product for the last 3 weeks - there is no doubt about the fact that this product does a full immersion into the language.My only exposure to spanish so far has been with "Dora the explorer" ! and so far I have picked up a few words and started framing some super simple sentences in a matter of 3 weeks.
Software may not be the best way to learn a language, but total immersion into another country to learn is not always an option. While a class environment might be the next best thing for some, there's not always time for that either. Sometimes there's just enough time on the weekends, or in the evenings after work. Or maybe you're like me and just don't want to sit in a school like classroom, trying to learn from an instructor. That's there Rosetta Stone comes in.The Rosetta Stone software tries to be more than just a computer program. Instead it's interactive, and is a cross between software and an at-home classroom Spanish lesson. The program comes with a headset and microphone so that while you are learning, you can also speak into the headset and respond to questions. The software helps you learn how to pronounce the words and what verbs go with which tense (in the case of this Spanish set, the difference in the masculine, feminine, plural tense, etc). Unlike a classroom environment, you can work at this at your own pace, which I appreciate. When I took Spanish classes some time ago, I found that some of the students flew ahead, while the rest of us were just trying to keep up. Rosetta Stone lets a person learn at the pace they lfeel comfortable with (fast or slow) so they don't end up missing anything along the way.While going to a Spanish speaking country and living there is the best and fastest way to learn Spanish, Rosetta Stone is the next best thing, and a more realistic option for most people.
One of the hardest things to overcome in language learning is the desire to translate.  If someone says "la mujer bebe leche" you don't want to think "the woman drinks milk" you want to derive the meaning right from the Spanish, and to go from intended message to Spanish when you speak.  Translating will throw off your speed and can mess up your grammar, if the grammar of your native tongue is different from that of the language being studied.There is almost no English in this.  Instructions, where needed, are in English, and the rest is in Spanish.  You learn the word for "woman" and the word for "man", then you get a picture of a woman drinking and the program says "la mujer bebe" (the woman drinks) and you click on the woman drinking.  It never explicitly teaches the word for "to drink", you just figure it out from context. The upside--you stay in Spanish while learning Spanish.  The downside--the brain cheats, so you only need to understand part of the sentence to get the right answer.  The program exposes the learner to the same word in a variety of ways to help instill it.The program is engaging, entertaining, and effective.  It's the next best thing to taking a Spanish class.
I have never learned another language and at 54yrs old I want to keep my mind as sharp as possible. My review will be a progressive one as I go through each level. I had some computer issues so I got a later start but let me tell you Rosetta Stone tech support is FANTASTIC. If you are planing to use this on a computer than is running Windows XP make sure you have service pack 3 and 1GB of RAM for it to run correctly. All that being said here is what I already know.I am just finishing level one and I am scoring 97% to 100% on all of my sessions! It is so much fun and you can have the words or phrases repeated as many times as you want. It will not let you continue until you say it to a satisfactory level. How does it know this? Well it comes with a very high quality UBS headset with microphone, that is comfortable to wear and works perfect. In between lessons there are CD's you can play and hear and repeat all the words you have learned on the computer. I keep these in the car. I find myself with Spanish words running through my head all day.Not only do you get the great computer program but you bet 15 months of one on one sessions you can schedule with real time Spanish speaking people online. That is like a personal private teacher. Also you can play games that help you to reinforce what you have learned solo, or duo with someone they match you to who is at your level. Then Simbo with a native Spanish speaking person.There is only one thing I personally am struggling with is there is no English interpretations in any of the lessons. I was wondering what was the meaning of La, Las, Los, El Ella. I got a great book here on Amazon called the first 1000 words in Spanish. It explains the male and female of nouns. I had already figured that females have the a and males the o added, this has helped me a slow learner very much. Many people will not need this help but I do have some memory and cognitive issues. That being said I am learning! To me this is nothing short of a miracle.After I finish level 2 I will give you an update. I had wanted to get Rosetta Stone for years and had tried some other brands to no avail. It lives up to it's high reputation. If you want to learn it is the best bar none!
Having lived in different countries, I have always been fascinated with languages. This is the first time I have ever used a software to learn a language, and I have to say I do like it. It is more engaging, interactive, and gives a methodical form of instruction to achieve the best results. The software was easy to install, and I encoountered no trouble there. It starts with easy sentences, pictures and reiterates the same in different ways. I have only gone through Level 1 and it is time consuming. I think that with the right commitment, while it may not be possible to be fluent in the language, I can atleast master the foundation of the language. Fluency always comes with practice and also exposure to the language by watching television, reading newspapers etc. It is a great starting point to build a solid foundation, and I do recommend Rosetta Stone. The only downside is that you should be prepared to devote time to this with 5 levels. The good thing is the flexibilty we have with this software to learn a new language in our homes without going to a formal school.
Having tried a few other language courses in addition to this one, I haven't found one yet that will make you fluent using only the materials provided.  But I believe some are much better than others at giving you a good solid basis on which to build toward fluency and Rosetta Stone is one of those programs.  It works by showing you pictures of situations and activity, hearing an explanation in Spanish by a native speaker, and then clicking on the picture that is associated with the spoken phrase.  It becomes kind of like a game which makes it fun to use.  The thing I like the best about Rosetta Stone V4 TOTALe: Spanish is that it teaches by immersing you in the language, similar to the way you might learn by being in a Spanish speaking country.  It is a more natural way of learning than reading a text book or memorizing phrases.  It tunes your ears to the correct usage of grammar without having to memorize a bunch of rules.  After a while, a sentence just "sounds right" or "sounds wrong."  I find that I often hear and understand the sentences or phrases right away rather than translating them in my mind first.  You are also asked to repeat phrases or words, using a supplied microphone and the speech recognition software built into the program that will tell you whether your pronunciation is right or wrong.That said, there are a few things that I thought could be better in helping me to learn.  The way the program works is by introducing words and actions through pictures depicting the activity or circumstance.  For example, you might see a boy running, a woman running and a man running.  You see and hear the phrase, (In Spanish) "The boy is running."  You have to click on the correct picture that shows a boy running.  Now at first, since there isn't any English at all, you aren't sure if the person is saying, "The boy runs", "The boy is running", or maybe "The boy is jogging."  Of course, each lesson builds on prior lessons, so eventually you become clear on the exact meaning of the words.  But I think a few English descriptions would be helpful, especially at the start.  Occasionally I wasn't sure what the program wanted me to do, but that was mostly in the beginning and became evident after a while.Another thing I think could be improved on is the CD review discs that you can use in the car or load onto your mp3 player for practice when you aren't sitting at the computer.  The words and phrases that you listen to and repeat are only repeated once.  Very often, especially when listening in the car where there is often traffic noise, it's hard to hear the correct pronunciation of the word.  And when listening to sentences it can become even more difficult.  The noise from a treadmill or other exercise equipment can also make it hard to hear.  I would like to see at least the essential or newly introduced phrases repeated a second time.  On the other hand the actual core program that you use on the computer repeats everything or you can click as many times as you desire on a sentence or phrase to hear it again.  Words are also repeated in other sentences and situations many times and part of the way you learn is by repetition.The program's voice recognition can also be a problem. It's hard to know sometimes if I'm just pronouncing the word correctly or if the recognition software is quirky.  On long words I can see where my pronunciation may not be correct but on a simple word like "pan" it sometimes gives me an incorrect tone when I'm sure I've pronounced it correctly.  Other times I repeat the word once and the "incorrect" tone will sound half a dozen times. Now some of this could have to do with my computer not picking up my voice correctly.  When it keeps happening I write it off to "just plain weirdness" and go on to the next word.One of the functions of the program is the online activity, both playing games and speaking to native Spanish speakers and non-native speakers that are also learning the language.  This can go a long way in learning by practicing speaking in somewhat normal situations.  And the games have you learning while playing.  The only problem with this is that the online access expires 15 months after you register it, and you have to register in order to use it.  Also, only one person in the family can use the online access, so if you have more than one family member who wants to learn, they'll be limited to the core lessons and audio companion discs.So how does Rosetta Stone compare to other language programs?  It seems like I've used hundreds of different language tapes and CD's over the years, and after a lesson or two, I start to miss words that I can't quite hear or understand and get lost and the CD's end up in a drawer somewhere gathering dust.  The only other language course I've used successfully is Pimsleur French, levels I, II and III.  That course was all audio, that you listen to in the car or on an mp3 player.  In some ways it was more accessible since I do a lot of driving for my work and just on errands, so I used it every time I was in the car.  But being all audio with the exception of a short word list with each lesson, I had to do a lot of reading on my own in order to be able to read the language.  I would say that I'm conversant in French, but not fluent.  With Rosetta Stone, because I'm seeing the word written and hearing it at the same time, I think I do less translating in my mind and I understand more quickly.  Now part of that may be because Spanish is more phonetic than French.  I would say that Rosetta Stone and Pimsleur are the only two language courses out there that are worth investing in.  Both are quite expensive, but this is one of those times where you get what you pay for.  I think I may buy a couple of the later levels of Rosetta Stone French, just because of the ability to see at the same time I'm hearing French spoken and to have access to French speakers with the online activities.Using this program consistently is the best way to learn.  I would say at least 4 days out of the week if not daily will keep you progressing without forgetting what you learned in prior lessons.  With any language, one of the best things you can do is to start trying to read magazines, books or going to websites that are in your target language.  A basic verb book is also a great companion as it a translation dictionary.  Rosetta Stone is an excellent way to get a good strong basis in Spanish and it's a fun way to learn.  Two thumbs up for this program!
I have always struggled with learning a new language. I travel overseas on business and for pleasure and it is incredibly frustrating to arrive at my destination only to find all the expensive and time-consuming language training I endured has left me far short of confident in my vocabulary and abilities.I decided to try a different approach this time around. I wanted to learn Spanish, and I had a chance to try Rosetta Stone's incredible Spanish TotalE Level 1-5 Set. Unlike other computer-based language training, TotalE is an extremely varied, engaging set of tools that I found easy to use and very effective.Instead of following the traditional method of throwing out tons of unrelated words and phrases without regard to context, TotalE leads you through the process of assimilating your new vocabulary IN context with sections on commonly needed things like questions, the weather, directions, locations, telling time, how to order at a restaurant and give and other common interactions.With TotalE, you get to interact instead of just listen. The Spanish TotalE Level 1-5 Set includes a mic and headset, which allows you to speak along with the "guide" and have your progress measured over time. Corrections are quickly rendered, and you tend to absorb the material much more quickly using this unique interactive approach.While Rosetta Stone's systems are not cheap, they are incredibly effective. And if you value your time (and the quality of your interactions in foreign lands), I urge you to invest in this sort of total-learning system to ensure that you don't end up with a limited vocabulary in your travels.
I have had this program for a couple of months now.  It is awesome.  I already had a basic understanding of spanish, picked up from Spanish speaking coworkers over the years.  I can say what I need to, but it sounds sort of like "me want to eat lunches with yourself today?" instead of "do you want to got to lunch with me today?"  Basically, they would understand what I was trying to say, but I sounded dumb.  This program is changing that quickly.The software installed easily.  Well, easy in comparison to some other software at least, I find most installations annoying so it fit in with the rest.  It seemed to go as easy as most do.The program starts easy and progresses as you learn.  This allows for you to learn at your own pace.  It is basically phrase/picture association.  This works well for people who visual and auditory leaners.  You see a picture and hear the phrase to describe it, then get to use that info to go through additional photos.  This makes getting through the parts you are confident in easy, and helps you learn quickly in the areas that you need the work.This program is a major undertaking.  Not to be started by the casual learner in my opinion.  I would recomend it to anyone who can devote at least 30-45 minutes a day to it.  I dont think it would be effective for people who would use it for a few minutes every Saturday.  If you cant make it to a class for Spanish, but need more than just a book, this is perfect.  My opinion is that it should be treated as a class would be treated, meaning you have a set time commitment you should attempt to stay with.The learning starts basic, and progresses into more and more complicated language skills as you complete it.  It is well though out and progresses logically, allowing to learn foundation items that are built on as you go.This is a great software program for anyone who really want to or needs to learn Spanish.  The cost is not cheap, roughly similar to a Spanish class at a community college.  I feel you will learn significantly more with this than you would in a standard college language class, as long as you take the program serious and devote the time to it that it requires.Highly recomeneded to anyone who needs to learn Spanish and is able to commit to the program.
Better interface than Outlook 2003.  Cleaner with a nicer calendar.  I installed Outlook 2007 and OneNote 2007 as stand-alone Office Upgrades alongside an Office 2003 install.  No problems.  I had seen reviews where other users say a reinstall screen pops up everytime they switch between 2003 and 2007 products.  That has not happened with my install.
Like the whole new 2007 Office Suite it takes a bit of getting used to.  However from the get go things are so much more intuitive with Outlook.Scheduling meetings is easier.The look and feel of the mail, calendar and contacts are by far easier to navigateFlagging for follow up is easier and the ability to set and personalize flags is quiet easyI love how much easier it is to set the out of office notification.It is just easier to navigate and meets my needs so much better.So far this is the second best update in the Office Suite (Power Point being the #1 best upgrade)
If you haven't seen or tried Office '07 yet, you have to!  This is the most user friendly version of any software product out there (and not just the Outlook, you'll find all new ways to use Excel!).  Having the option to add photos and/or logos to your contacts, it's just beyond explanation on how easy it is to use Outlook, now.  Plus, the design is very easy on the eyes.  Would highly recommend!!
Having used a McAfee product in the past with which we were very pleased we were eager to try the McAfee Total Protection.  It is as effective as we had expected.Undoubtedly, the McAfee protection we were using was sadly outdated, so we were glad to find the added advantages of this edition.  One only has to read of the mounting numbers of computers affected by viruses, identity thieves, and fraud scams to know how important the best protection is.  We feel we have this with McAfee.If you've been as relaxed as we have been about upgrading protection on your computer, we suggest you give this a try.  We believe you'll be well pleased.
This is easy to install and provides good protection. Add to that three users and it's a real value of a deal.I am very happy with it and would recommend this to anyone needing it.
McAfee is THE name in computer software protection.  Pure and simple, there's nobody out there creating a more safe, secure environment for systems that rely on their information being locked away from predators who make games out of spying on your unsuspectingly in an attempt to hack into your computer and steal your identity.  We live in a dark, dangerous online world now, so you had better be confident in your anti-virus software.  I SURE AM!
I can't change the rating stars on this, so I will just preface my edited review instead.  My enthusiasm for this product would be total were it not for McAfee's inability to resolve a simple problem:  How to register the product so that the defense files would be updated regularly.All that was accomplished after 5 separate sessions with McAfee Support was the exhaustion of my patience and the rising of my temper.Go ahead and try this product, I still mean everything that I wrote below.  Maybe your version will install and register just fine.  My version won't and I'm returning the CD to McAfee.==========================Maybe I wouldn't be so enthusiastic about McAfee Total Protection 2008 if I hadn't had such a bad experience with Microsoft OneCare.  That said, for me... this product is everything that OneCare is NOT!  It's easy to install, taking only a few minutes on my Vista-powered machine and it nicely coexists with all of my software and peripherals, even to the point of finally (yes.. finally) making the network connection between my Sony Vaio notebook and my wife's iMac work.How ironic is it that McAfee could coexist better with Vista than Microsoft's own product?If you're confused by the disparity between various reviews of McAfee Total Protection 2008, I can't say as I blame you.  But in truth, that's the nature of the beast when it comes to personal computing these days.  Memory usage, processor speed and cache responsiveness will influence what works for you (and against you) while the guy next door working with a different configuration will get totally different results.  So with that in mind, here's a link to the PC that I installed this product onaSony VAIO VGN-N220E/B 15.4" Laptop (Intel Pentium D T2060 1.6 GHz Processor, 1 GB RAM, 80 GB Hard Drive, DVD RW Drive, Vista Premium) Black.  You can decide for yourself it it's close to the configuration of your machine.I've been using McAfee anti-virus protection for a few years now so that was a no-brainer.  But the spyware protection and anti-phishing functions are great.  Total Protection gives me instant validation of some of my spam-related fears, preventing me from letting my curiosity lead me down an internet rabbit hole.Whereas OneCare could never seem to coexist with myLinksys WRT54GS Wireless-G Broadband Router with SpeedBooster, McAfee practically kissed the router on the cheek and got on with its business.The first backup that I performed with Total Protection not only went smoothly, but I was able to back up documents, music and a ton of jpeg images to a flash drive with an almost unbelievable compression ratio, leaving plenty of room to spare.  Uh... OneCare not only could back up the same data to that drive, it couldn't allow me to change the destination, hosing up mid-backup.Another function that seemed to get superior results was in the Registry cleanup.  Keep in mind, I just used OneCare to "clean" registry three months ago.  That said, Total Protection found plenty of things to fix and remove, and I have better system performance to show for it.Last but not least, I like the ability to digitally "shred" confidential files.  Any CSI or Law and Order viewer knows that no computer file is ever truly clean of deleted files but with Total Protection I feel much, much more secure.Bottom line... for me, Microsoft OneCare was definitively NOT the answer.  McAfee Total Protection 2008 DEFINITELY WAS!
I have been using McAfee Total Protection on my desktop and a Norton product on my lap top.  I'll admit I'm lazy.  I want to set it up to do gaurd my computer, do updates seamlessly, and fix a range of "no brainers" w/o me having to do much.  I also want it to not pop up and ask me questions every time I run a program.I feel this program strikes a good balance of Great Protection and running in the background w/o a lot of user actions being required.
Look, I could write a review that tries to coddle those who are having a problem with this McAfee Virus Scan program, but for me, it is like finally arriving after a sea of disappointments. (I am talking about McAfee VirusScan Plus 2008-3 User Newest Version) Make sure you remove all other antivirus programs, and firewalls first before loading this McAfee Virus application. I have never seen an antivirus program that works properly with a 2nd antivirus program loaded at the same time.It includes a Security Center, Virus Scan, Personal Firewall, Easy Network, and Site Advisor.First of all forgive me for writing such a long review, but there is a lot of ground to cover. For those who like the short version, with less information here it is: Norton slowed my DSL connection down by a third. I spent a day with Verizon, couldn't figure out why all of my other machines in the network were getting 756k, and this one got only 4 or 500 tops. Then I removed Norton, and bingo, instant 756k. AVG free edition is nice but takes a lot of boot up time while it updates upon every single boot up, unless you disable that feature, then it sends out your Outlook email with a message that your antivirus is out of date, and this email could be dangerous, or something like that. Zone Alarm used to be the best, now they are nearing the worst. My Windows 2000 machine went blue screen after an update, took me 2 days to figure out that was the problem, so I removed it after discovering the problem in a forum, and it solved it. Also ZA after recommending it to my friend, would not work at all in a Windows XP Media Center machine. Ask ZA and they say they no longer support it in Media Center. 50 bucks down the drain. Now it takes my XP regular edition SP2 well over 5 minutes to boot with Zone Alarm Security Suite, and I mean WELL over 5 minutes; it's ridiculous. I removed it to load this McAfee Virus Scan (MVS), and the machine immediately booted in only 2 minutes and 15 seconds to the point I was able to bring a Google page up. So I loaded this MVS and the machine booted in only 2 minutes and 45 seconds, once again to a Google page appearing. In both cases I clicked on a Google desktop icon as soon as it appeared, and then waited for the results. It clicks, goes dark blue, and waits for everything else to load, including MVS before it will allow a page to appear. So MVS took only 30 additional seconds to load, and according to Scotty the watchdog in WinPatrol, it loads about 7 .exe files. So that is fast. Now that is with a machine that is loaded up with a ton of programs.I first loaded MVS in my home office machine, in the same network, with the same configuration, Asus A8N SLI, AMD 64 3200+, 1Gb ram. The home office machine with MVS loaded, gave me the same results but in approximately one minute before I could get a Google page up. (This is an edit, I actually timed the boot up, and not counting the time to type in my password, it booted in exactly 42 seconds) Boot up to Google in only a minute with MVS, and in 2 minutes and 45 seconds in my overloaded machine that used to take well over 5 minutes with Zone Alarm. I'm sold.While performing a scan it did not affect the performance of the machine, either in surfing the web, or opening programs, even the intensive programs like Dreamweaver MX 2004, or Photoshop CS2.When loading do as the quick start guide says, put in the CD, then choose the option of loading from the web. It's a 45 Meg download, but it's the latest.Manage network feature, it recognized all of the other machines, and components with an IP address in my network. It recognized my Windows Server 2003 R2 Edition, but gave me a status message of a request to upgrade to an operating system of at least W2000 or later. I guess that is because of W2003 security, blocking scans.Before I even acquired MVS I did not understand exactly what they meant by the 3 user allowance, and couldn't find anything on it, so I want to share that with you. Did they mean that you could load it on one machine sharing a network, and then scan individual drives across the network, the same way early ZA did, or does this mean you can put it in more than one machine for full protection at all times. Fortunately it means the latter. I loaded it in the home office machine, registering it in my name to be able to get virus updates, and created a user name and password. Then I went into the other machine, dropped in the CD, did a complete install, but when the registration page came up, I logged in instead, and it instantly completed the registration for me, reminding me of my user name and password, and congratulating me on the installation. So it is a 3 machine complete install, that is cool, or should I say way cool.I know this isn't about MVS but I advise you to get a free copy of CCleaner from the web. (Google it.) It cleans all the junk out of your computer and you can run it quickly before entering sensitive password sites for example. It cleans out your cache, cookies, etc. in only a few seconds. When you run it for the first time, it will take several minutes to remove it all, for example a ton of web pages you have been surfing, that your machine checks first, before drawing it from the distant server. A slooooow way for your machine to have to work.McAfee has been around for a zillion years, they have been a leader, and from the performance of this product so far, they have totally aced it. You can see all of the other antivirus and firewall programs I have tried, and this one according to boot up time, and scan speed is the best. It scanned my office machine quickly, although I did not time it accurately. It scanned several gigs of data in what seemed like 10 minutes. My other machine with 230 Gigs of data takes about 5 hours with Zone Alarm, because I am using their older 7.0 version, it took 3 times that long with their newer version that works with Vista and XP. I am using it on an XP machine. Once again, had to get rid of the update, and go back to an earlier version.Look I can't speak for everyone, or everyone's machine, but all I know is I am totally impressed with this McAfee product, and hope and pray they don't go down the tubes like Norton, and Zone Alarm did. (I have not used any recent Norton products, but Norton was the best when Peter Norton was there solving the DOS problems, almost like a miracle man, then from about 10 years ago, everything of theirs I tried was junk.) Sorry for the pointed remarks, but sometimes you find a product, after spending years in frustration, or at least you find something that works, then it goes bad, and finally, finally, something that really works great like this MVS. For me, my hat is off to McAfee. 150 Stars and counting. Highly recommended to say the least.PS: I noticed another reviewer was having problems logging onto online acounts, so I put it to the test, logged into my bank account, which is a 3 step process, and also my online server, and did not have any problems. If I have any, or notice anything after using this product more, I will come back and edit the review. All of the essentials place this one at the top for now.
Five Stars!!! McAfee VirusScan Plus is an outstanding product and an oustanding value. I was previously using Norton 360 Version 2.0 and it was an absolute dog, slowing my computer to a standstill. But this McAfee is just the opposite. Excellent virus protection, easy installation, McAfee SiteAdvisor, easy computer scans, and NO slowing of my computer. My computer is safe and I'm not pulling my hair out!
This works much better than Norton. It's faster, easier to install and does a great job. Happy here!
I don't want this to be a boring review, but this is just the latest excellent product in a long line of excellent McAfee products. It does everything you would want in VirusScan software, and at a competitive price, too. If you're in the market for anti-virus software, you should definitely give McAfee VirusScan plus 2008 a try.
Im not a computer expert, so I can only review this item to my skill level.It was very easy to install.  It even gives you the option to download instead of installing with the CD, that way you dont have to download updates immediately.  Took about 6 minutes to do the whole install, including downloading the software.As for the effectiveness, well, I havent gotten any virus' I am aware of.  The spyware, popup blockers also appear to work well.  Its hard to say how well it works since I dont have any problems, but isnt that what we are paying for?I would gladly recomend this product.
Here is a note before I start off on the detailed review: I noticed another review which complained about his computer being very slow after installing McAfee antivirus - even I did noticed the slowness but that was only on the second day, maybe McAfee is trying to do some additional scanning or something like that, after 1 or 2 days, the system will be normalAntivirus software market is very mature - both the market leaders in Antivirus - McAfee and Norton/Symantec offer equally good virus updates and protection.But there are a few factors which make McAfee stand out:* Cost - McAfee 3 user license costs $42 compared to $85 for Symantec(atleast as of this this day)* Comprehensive protection - McAfee protects against Spamware and Viruses* On access scan - This is something which you will hate as well as equally like :  The Antivirus will always keep running in the background and scan each and every website you visit, each and every program you run.  This will slow down things a little bit, but the protection is comprehensive.I have noticed that McShield much faster than Symantic in On-Access scanning* Easy to share : A 3-user license is very easy to share, you get to create an online account with McAfee with which you can download the latest version of antivirus on any computer and install it
I like for the simple fact you get a email spam protector, firewall,anti virus etc all in one For the price tag its a bargain. I have a older dell and It hasn't slowed me down one bit and that included I have all the the sims 2 games installed and you would of think if anyone's computer it would of slowed down it would of mine. I am running xp and no problems. It works great too with outlook express for spam , getting rid of those junk emails like from survey companies etc.  The antivirus portion is good as IT always has been from this company. Its a good product and good to use for one whole year before having to renew the subscription. I intend to keep this kind of product around for a long time. I like Mcafee and use them frequently or AVG free but I rather use Mcafee they are more known and better protection over all from them. Thats all i wanna say bout this product. Other then its one of the best security suites going .
Easy install process. It also will update your other versions. The best thing about this particular version is you get 3 uses. It's a huge advantage over the competition. So far it is doing a great job blocking spam from my mailboxes. The spam that my normal application ie. AOL misses gets kicked out by McAfee. I love it!  Get it.
I added  this to my granddaughter's laptop and my other grandchildren's desktop to make sure they stay protected while surfing and searching and I am very pleased with the protection McAfee offers.  I have McAfee on my desktop and laptop and would never go back to Norton.
I love McAfee. When our McAfee membership ran out on our computer, we installed this easily and it is a huge relief to have it securely backing up our system in an easy to understand manner. I am not a computer geek so I really appreciate the clear way in which McAfee explains your options and choices when something unexpected comes along while you are working on your computer. I use my PC professionally. I cannot afford to be caught in a situation where I lose my work or my computer gets messed with while I am caught unaware. This sound and efficient product is something I depend upon daily.
Back when we owned only one computer, McAfee was the anti-virus software we used.  After my husband became a certified system engineer and our home network grew to rival that of some small companies, McAfee remained the brand we counted on.  We still do.  This is an excellent suite of anti-viral and utility programs and a great value for money.  In a word -- well, two words -- buy it.
I've been using Windows Live OneCare for six months now and overall I'm extremely pleased. When I ran Norton and McAfee it tended to slow my system down and I never felt I had complete control and knowledge of what was going on in my system.Unlike the version being offered here however, mine is a 3 user license which worked out perfectly for our home desktop computer and the laptops owned by my wife and I.Our home desktop computer gives me an up to date report on the status of our other systems, so I know if I need to run OneCare on them.This system defrags, empties cache, updates anti-spyware and anti-virus software, and has anti-phishing. It installed perfectly on both our Vista and XP Systems. Also, to install it on our additional computers it just asked for my login and then the CD installed the software automatically and added the additional computers to the account.
I have been using Microsoft's Live OneCare System for about a year-and-a-half, and I went to the 2.0 version about three months ago.  I've got to tell you though, I wasn't too happy about using it at first because of two factors:  1) Microsoft seemed to be linking a lot of things to this "Live" concept, and 2) The program seemed like it was making a lot of promises it couldn't keep.  On the first matter, I still have some concerns; on the second matter, it has lived-up to its promises.After almost a year, Microsoft upgraded my product to 2.0, and then when I added another computer to my LAN, I used one of the three licenses that came with the new version of OneCare to extend my HUB's subscription.  And it did so without a problem.  You will notice on the picture I uploaded from my individual computer (see customer images), that my subscription will renew in three days.I don't know about you, but at work I've seen what not keeping-up with your virus protection and firewall protection can do to someone's computer.  Mine hasn't been hit, but other's have and we use Norton's and McAfee at work with each computer set for automatic updates.  At home, since I have a LAN, too, I wanted to make sure I didn't have similar problems, so for the past three years I tested several products, namely Norton's System Works, Norton's 360, e-Trust (Computer Associates), and OneCare.Having used Norton's for over 12 years, I have been disappointed that they are doing less with their products, and I really became disenchanted when they didn't offer their firewall protection with System Works.  Then, it seemed I couldn't find System Works, and I had to use 360, which was a mere shadow of System Works.  It grated me that I had to buy one product, then buy their Internet Security, too.  I, also, didn't think they were on top of the virus situation as much as they used to be.  Then, there was an issue about renewals that did not go into effect when they should, and hour long waits for tech support to help correct the problem.So, I tried e-Trust, and I didn't have any qualms about it, at first.  At first it sent out e-mails, often times several times a day to update the software virus protection.  Then, it went to an automatic check whenever you booted-up.  Then, came the renewal.  I had it on two machines and was successful only on one when it came to renewing my subscription.  Now, batting 500 is great in the major leagues, but not when it comes to protecting my computer.OneCare, though, has lived-up to their promises.  At first I had it on one computer, and it performed a massive back-up that took all night (200 GB's... this was with version 1.0).  Subsequent back-ups went quicker for only the new, or changed, files were updated.  Adding 2.0 to other computers produced a back-up on individual computers much faster, 1 to 2  hours, depending on the computer, with amounts in the 100 GB range.  With 2.0, I've been able to have one centralized back-up on an exterior HP Drive.  I, also, have back-ups performed on each computer with various other drives: Seagate's FreeAgent, and Simple-Tech.In total, I have four computers set-up on OneCare.  Two are on the hard-wire, and two are on a WiFi connected to the hard-wire, with my laptop's back-up on another computers external drive (I added the laptop the day after writing this review, which gives me the 4th computer on the network.)  One benefit I've seen of using OneCare is that the new computer's version usually recognizes the printers on the network, and it asks me if I want this computer to have access to it.  If it doesn't, and I am not a networking whiz, I have just loaded the drivers for a printer that is on the network, and it then easily finds that printer and finishes out connecting the printer with that computer.Once I set my schedule of the tasks for OneCare, I've let it do it's job, and I've had only one issue, and that's not a OneCare problem... On the iMac, I have both Mac OS X and XP Pro running.  With XP Pro, I have OneCare  installed.  When XP Pro updates itself, it cannot download and install all updates, so OneCare gives me a "yellow," or caution warning.  After manually having XP Pro on the iMac finish its download, everything goes "green," which to me is a great place to stop this review.OneCare has greatly simplified my life.  Version 2.0 is better than 1.0., and you can have from one to three computers covered with one subscription.  Also, when I extended my subscription, it added the year onto my current subscription several months in advance without my having to call tech support to straighten out a problem.  Regarding subscriptions, you have to have a "live.com" ID activating your initial, up to, 3 subscriptions  (for me this was a "hotmail.com" address).  If you have more computers to cover than 3, you will need a second "live.com" ID.  Renewals are around $49.00 for one year's protection for up to three computers.  Unlike some virus programs, like Norton's, you cannot uninstall OneCare and then install a newly-purchased, unused copy of OneCare, unless you install it under a different "live.com" ID.  (BTW, I learned this the hard way, yet the Microsoft folks were quick at straightening it out (866-ONECARE).)As the say on TV sometimes, I"m a happy camper, and I'd recommend this product to anyone wanting to protect one computer or several on a LAN.  Be sure to check-out the pictures I uploaded to give you a better idea of what type of information you will receive from OneCare because that generally will tell you more than what I did about its capabilities.
Windows Live OneCareInstallation:Pros:Easy installation (Insert CD and Run, does not require the manual directions).Can be left on in background while installing (does not interrupt activities or require closing other programs).Fast installation (Normal internet connections only need 5 minutes).Cons:Requires restart after program is done installing.Program - Virus and spyware protection:Pros:Does not block any one program without your permission.Very easily customizable, contains a lot of detailed tabs.Automatic updating (which also does not interfere with computer usability).Huge virus, worm, trojan, spyware and other potentially unwanted software database knowledge (which, as mentioned above, isconstantly updated).Monitors "virus-like" activity.Cons:"Allow once" button is not there, even though "Block once" button is.Hard to navigate for newer computer users.Program - Online ID theft protection:Pros:Completely blocks the sites that are scams by redirecting you to a page that notifies you that the website is unsafe.Cons:Only works with Internet Explorer 7.Program - Wireless network Security:Pros:Fixes the loop holes and the problems that would cause a network connection to be potentially unsafe (stops hackers).Makes connection private so other people that are close proximity to network cannot connect to and waste bandwidth.Cons:Does not work with all routers.Program - Managed Firewall:Pros:Checks all data transfers for viruses.Includes automatic updating (which also does not interfere with computer usability).Detects and adjusts security for when you connect to a less secure network.Cons:None.Program - Onecare Circle:Pros:OneCare circle useful for monitoring other computers status'.Can preform high priority actions on computers that are connected to hub PC with the hub PC.Cons:Only up to 3 computers can be in the OneCare circle.Can ONLY preform high priority actions from a hub computer (no option to allow preforming low priority actions).Program - Backup and Restore:Pros:Can back up on CDs, USB, Network sharing, and external hard drives.Lets you choose completely what files to backup on computer.Can back up several computers at once, choosing to back up to one location or customizably seperate locations for certaincomputers.In event of dataloss, program will help easily restore data.Automatically updates in a scheduel manner programs that have changedEasy to understand menu.Cons:None.Program - Preformance Tune-ups:Pros:Disk cleaning.Automatic full-pc scans.Checks and removes unused programs that cause slow down and aren't used.Checks for new or changed files that need to be resaved.Checks for missing security and critical updates from Microsoft.Checks for PC and program settings that might be hurting your PC's security or performance.Although Tune-ups are slow (and slow down the computer's use), they can be preformed while you are sleeping and while the computeris unused.Gives you and easy way to fix the problems on your computer.Cons:None.Help and support:1 year FREE help and support.Unlimited customer care.
First encountered Microsoft's Windows OneCare in 2005 as a Beta project that I participated in. Wouldn't have gotten involved except that I had found Symantec's Norton AntiVirus to have become a real resource hog, and the products from McAfee weren't any better, despite their claims. I had been a loyal user of Norton AntiVirus since those days that Peter Norton was still running his innovative company, one that pioneered anti-virus applications as we know them... but that was then, and this was now.I dropped the Norton products after a series of problems that were well-documented in the 'computer geek' community, and began to install Grisoft's AVG Free anti-virus on some of my systems. About a year later Microsoft released it's Beta test of Windows OneCare, and that seemed to be a product with few bugs and a lot of promise. When the Beta test was over, however, I standardized my computers with AVG Anti-Virus Free Edition, and that continued until late last spring when I saw an associate's installation ofWindows Live OneCare 2.0and listened to his reasons as to why why he had switched from Symantec's products.Initially I downloaded the trial version from Microsoft to test it out, but within two weeks had become convinced that this was not only a competitively priced product (other products have only recently caught up), but it's resource footprint was small. It didn't seem to interfere with normal operations or offer obnoxious reminders of how my computer was being protected.Windows Live OneCare runs quietly in the background, doing its job well and quite unobtrusively. It's licensed to be used with up to three users, and right now is protecting my agingHP Pavilion a210n Desktop PC, my son's laptop computer and my notebook. It does a good job of protecting our PCs from outside security hazard while keeping things on the inside running smoothly, performing disk cleaning and file defragmentation in the background. Our files are backed up to a connectedSeagate FreeAgent Desktop 250 GB External Hard Drive, and once set up properly has required no intervention whatsoever. All of its updates run quietly via Microsoft Update, and this has kept my systems up-to-date with the important security updates.Pros:* Very reasonable cost for what it does.* Runs quietly and effectively in the background.* Excellent monthly reports on activity.* Has an excellent two-way firewall.* Automated backups to external hard drive or USB storage devicesCons:* OneCare interface is different, may seem somewhat awkward.* Other anti-virus and firewall programs need to be removed.This product isn't perfect; no security application that I've encountered to date is. The occasional reboots for updates are irritating, but all applications of this type have them to work properly. The Windows Live OneCare interface is different, and may seem somewhat awkward until you get used to it, but it does function properly. Had laughed last spring when I read that OneCare had mistaken Skype (the Internet telephone application) for a piece of malware, but have see similar false reading from almost all of the anti-virus and security applications on the market over time.The above remarks may sound picky, but they're really not; they're just a personal reflection of what I've found while I've used this product. But all things considered, and especially since it's so well-behaved as it runs quietly in the background, doing its job quite unobtrusively, Windows Live OneCare is a real 5-star application from my perspective.Please note: I'll be posting helpful info about this product and possible updates in the Comment section below this review, so be sure to check there as well.
Windows Live OneCare is the all-in-one PC security and performance service designed specifically for Windows XP and Windows Vista-based operating systems. It helps keep your PC's internal workings in order and protect it from outside security threats.The all-in-one PC security and performance service is designed specifically for Windows XP and Windows Vista-based operating systems.OneCare automatically helps protect personal and financial documents, music, photos, and whatever else is needed.  The 3-User is a deal, even though I only have two computers.  I found it to be easy and efficient without any bugs.  Keeping within Windows products when you are using a Windows base only makes sense.
So often you get an anti-virus program that just completely bogs down your entire system, rendering it useless.  With Windows Live OneCare, you don't even sense its there, even when doing a disk check.I ran this on my mother's computer since she has a knack for downloading viruses and it found a good number of them.  We got everything cleaned up, and to date, it's been quite a few weeks, none have been found since.Her system now runs smooth and serene.  Wonderful job, Microsoft!
We bought Corel "Painter Essentials 4" for my teenage son to see if he had any interest in digital art. We learned the program together and I was very impressed with the ease of use and power of this software. We installed this on a fairly powerful laptop running Windows Vista and have no issues with speed or stability. Here are my observations:+ Great Tutorials; take the time to read the directions and watch the videos - greatly shortens the learning curve+ Easy to Interface; tools are laid out intuitively and are easy to access+ Good Tablet Support; while not needed to get full use, we have aBamboo (Small) Pen Tablet with Pen Only, and it works great with this programThere really are not any serious negative issues with our experience and it completely exceeded my expectations, especially for the price.Highly Recommended!CFH
Corel Painter Essentials does a great job mimicking natural media. The various watercolor, pen and charcoal tools are particularly excellent. The ability to work in "thin" media and to go back and digitally rework areas is wonderful.The "thick" media tools (oils and acrylics) are good but not great. Still, they are fun and produce a close-enough approximation to make them worth playing around with. (I don't have a graphics tablet, so I should mention that these tools might be better served by a Wacom tablet than by a mouse, like I have.)The interface takes a little time to get to know, but once you've been working with it for a while, it becomes intuitive. Artists and illustrators might find this the perfect application to "finalize" their real-world pieces digitally; its touch-up capacities are solid. Or they might find this app shortens the brainstorming process considerably, making the move to the real-world easel that much easier.This app is good for adults and kids alike.Nice job, Corel.
'Corel Painter Essentials 4' is an inexpensive, easy way to perform sophisticated image manipulations that is much more cost effective and to the point than competing products like Photoshop.  With the user in mind at all times, you will be able to take Painter Essentials out of the box, open up your first image and begin to perform manipulations and improvements with the greatest of ease in way that you didn't think were possible before.  With a simple interface and quick access to all your favorite image tools, you can do things like turn a photo into a pencil drawn picture, crayons, watermarked, or even the basics like inverts and black & whites.An argument can be made for why someone wouldn't want to just buy Photoshop instead but I say why not just buy the milk when you don't need the cow??  A cow is a lot more work than just popping open a carton of milk and I think that analogy works very well here.  If you are a regular every day user who wants to be able to perform effects on your photos without having to deal with the bulk of Photoshop in terms of options and cost, you owe it to yourself to pick up Corel Painter Essentials 4, I guarantee you will not be disappointed!!!***** HIGHLY RECOMMENDED
If you don't want to spend hours trying to learn photoshop but want to have some fun with your pictures, this software is for you.  There are a variety of textures, brushes, and shapes you can use, and it doesn't take long to learn the software.  There a lot of things it won't do, but for the price its a good deal.  If you don't know what a layer is, you should be just fine with painter.One big plus about this software is its compatibility with both Mac and Windows (including vista).  As a user of both, I appreciate not having to buy a separate version for each.  Wacom tablet support also works well, and provides for a much richer painting experience.Overall this is great software for the novice-intermediate user.  Advanced users may want something a little bit more powerful (and expensive), but for many this should do everything they want and then some.
I have children 14, 11, and 9, and I was looking for software that would appeal to their creative side.  I am a fairly sophisticated software user, and used to do some programming myself, but had never really ventured into these type of painting/art programs.Bottom Line: I was blown away by this program, totally impressed!!Why?#1 It's easy to use out of the box--- many of the controls are easy enough to figure out just by using them, it installs easy on both Mac and PC systems (I installed the program on both an old eMac and a low end Vista laptop successfully).#2 It's really powerful--- once you really get into the software, it's amazing all the different brushes and textures and effects that you can do to make really impressive art.#3 The tutorials are first rate--- A thick instruction manual that actually is well written, and actually teaches you about basic principles of art and painting.  There are also a whole series of video tutorials included free.  You can tell that a lot of hard work and frankly a lot of love went into this, which is a rarity for computer software these days.#4 It's a great value--- For all you get, the price is very reasonable.  And check the company's website, if you're still not sold they were at the time of this writing offering a 60 day free downloadable trial.One more tip:  Get even a low-price graphics tablet to go along with the software--- you'll be glad you did!
Corel has produced a nice product that at a good price.  This product is meant to compete with Adobe Photoshop Elements.  It tends to be about $10-15 less than Elements, though both have the same list price.  The added photo painting routines make this a fun product for those who want to creatively edit pictures.Pros+ Nice interface that feels familiar to Photoshop Elements users+ Great price!+ Nice photo painting routines and included brushes for quick photo painting+ Great included tutorials and documentation to get you up to speed+ Works great with graphics tablets or standard mice+ Minimal memory and processor requirements (works on older PCs and Macs)+ Very nice brushes, pencils, pens and papers provide range of textures+ Runs much faster than Paint Shop Pro or PhotoshopCons- Separate learning curve for current Photoshop users- Some photo painting macros are simply blurring techniquesThe main features that make this product stand out are the added brushes and textures and the photo painting routines.  These are essentially macros that can turn your photos into drawings, oil paintings, watercolors, etc.  Some of them are better than others, including the charcoal drawings and impressionist paintings. Others are amount to little more than blurring.All of these techniques can be done with full blown graphics programs.  PE4 just makes it quicker and easier to do those things.The included tutorials are nice and will help you get up to speed if you are not familiar with the product.  The interface is relatively intuitive.For those who are Photoshop devotees, learning a separate product may not be worth it.  But for those that have not yet invested in Photoshop, the cost of Adobe's full products must be considered.Adobe Photoshop Elements 6Adobe Photoshop CS3But at this price, this is a good product for anybody who wants to take advantage of the added brushes and photo painting techniques.Give it a try!  Enjoy!
After trying out this software I am sold 100% and will definately be using this for a long, long time. This software allows users to turn their photos into beautiful works of art. My favorite is to take my childrens pictures and turn them into impressionist paintings or watercolors. I have not yet tried the freehand painting/drawing as I am truly not a good artist, but I have become very good over time at editing photos to create professional quality works. Some of my photos have even been used commercially.The photo editing portion of this software is what I will be reviewing today. The simplest and easiest way to start out using this software is the use the auto-painting feature. First you select a picture you would like to work with. Then you click on the auto-painting feature where you can select from among 18 different painting methods such as impressionist, chalk, watercolor, pastel drawing, and illustration. Then you apply the auto-painting. It takes a few minutes and then your work of art is finished. If you would like to restore some details (such as eyes) you can also do that with a couple of clicks. The end result is just gorgeous. You can even customize your paper type (canvas, linen, etc) and your brush size to get the perfect picture.If you are looking for a new and exciting way to work with photos, or you enjoy using online painting programs, this is definately a great product. I can imagine avid scrapbookers will also enjoy using these "paintings" in their scrapbooks.
Corel's Painter Essentials 4 software allows you to express yourself with as much creativity as you can bring to a project.The software package includes approximately four hours of tutorial video on various techniques - auto painting photographs, tracing, sketching, freehand, and more.  These lessons are very entertaining and well presented. The instructor is so enthusiastic he makes you feel eager to get started on a project.  The tutorial video quality is excellent.  The tutorial is everything you'd hope for with a graphics package.  Watch the lessons back to back, or choose the applications and techniques in which you're interested.  There is a substantial manual in the box that reinforces the tutorial.  When you've mastered these basic lessons, there are links available for more user support - everything from tech support, to user community forums that can help you figure out how to do what you envision.  So the support and instruction is virtually unlimited and ongoing, which is good to have with a package that does as much as this one does.Painter Essentials 4 works at many levels - from novice to professional.  At the most basic, you can open an existing photo and let the software "auto paint" it with impressionist, modern, classic oil painting, watercolor, pastel, chalk, sketch, or dozens of other modes.  The results, even at this level, are amazing!  You can customize the automated techniques by changing brushes, color schemes, paper quality and more.In addition to automated projects, you can do a lot of things starting from a blank canvas.  With the addition of a tablet and pen, the user can control the pressure and width of the brush work.  There are hundreds of options available with brushes, colors, shapes, etc.When you're happy with your creations, there are instructions for printing your work as a project (for example, greeting cards). There are even options to choose a company that will print your work on canvas and mount it as a gallery wrap on a wood frame.Beginners will enjoy the amazing and professional looking results they can get with their photos using nothing more than automated techniques.  When they are ready, they can take off the training wheels and start customizing.Serious artists will appreciate the flexibility of the program and the virtually unlimited freedom to create.Highly recommended!
I had no problems installing or using this software. I did not read the manual nor watch the video. I found this to be very intuitive and powerful. I'm very technical though.I spent way too much time with my computer thanks to this product. I just wanted to remove some red eyes, but couldn't help myself from trying out all the special effects. I made a great family "painting" for my Christmas cards using this product. I even made some family "coloring books" for the kids. When I finally got around to removing the red eyes from my digital photos, that was easy too.I have a friend who swears the Adobe is much better, but I'm not artistic and $500+ for a software package is too much for me. This was just right. I highly recommend this to anyone who wants a low cost but powerful photo editor.
I have to say that my favorite part of Photoshop has always been the ability to put photos through different filters and make them look like paintings, stained glass, etc. Well, for a guy like me, Corel Painter Essentials 4 is like having my toy box filled with my favorite stuff.If you like to draw, paint, or do weird and creative things to photographs, then this software is for you.
Whether you're using a Wacom tablet or just a mouse, you can quickly achieve painterly styles either free hand or with existing art and photographs with a few clicks and create unique pieces of art with minimal effort.Being a user of Photoshop for about 14 years, I can tell you, this is not a competing product - it is a complementary product. The two do very different things in very different ways. Great for amateur artists or professionals, Painter 4 Essentials has great video tutorials to get you started.I installed this on two different machines to test it out - once on a one-year-old MacBook that has the older video card w/ 64MB of shared graphics memory and on a new (early 2008) iMac with a 512MB graphics card. The difference is striking on performance. While this product would probably be great on one of the newer MacBooks with 144MB of shared memory, it stuttered and was slow on my older MacBook. It flies on my iMac... and this is clearly due to the graphics memory differences and not because of a moderate processor jump.I'd recommend anyone trying this new out of the box to sit through the tutorials at least once to familiarize themselves with the interface - to me, it was not initially intuitive.Fun, affordable, powerful product.
Who says you can't be creative with a click of a button?  Create your own masterpieces with a few simple clicks!  It's definitly EASY!  That sold me for sure!
I've been teaching for many years and have depended on Office 04 to make the best of my presentations and of student projects for evaluations and for parents during conference and have been pleased. But I must admit that Office 08 was a must needed improvement.The main goal of Office 08 has to give your presentations a lot more pop and to make it easier to do so. The templates are better in Office but overall Word isn't drastically different. I didn't have any hiccups trying to kick off 04 for the newer version. It all went smoothly.I don't have any issues with Office 08, in fact, I like it better than 04 just for its drop down menu alone. As I stated earlier, it's not a HUGE difference from 04 and for those who don't rely to much or need to upgrade will be fine with 04. But for those who found some nagging instances in 04 might want to upgrade. The price is worth it for more intuitive software, I don't have a problem paying for something that saves me time, 08 is definitely worth the price.
We have used MS Office on Windows machines for years, and decided to try it on our Mac.It installed without problems and worked just as we expected. If you are moving from a PC to a Mac and want to use familiar software, MS Office for the Mac is your choice.
Nothing like using the familiar MS Office product on your Mac! The interface is beautiful, all commands responding properly and full compatibility across platforms. What more can I say?I use Windows at work and often work at home with my laptop. No longer. I now can carry my work on a flash drive, plug into my Mac at home and continue working. Not that I recommend it, but using your Mac certainly makes it a bit less painful.Installation is quick, only about a quarter of the time it takes to install Office on Windows. Upon completing the installation, Office downloaded the latest service pack. Downloading the sp is much longer than the installation itself. But there was no hickups, it was smoothly done.Try it. You'd love it.
I've used a number of versions of Microsoft Office on my Macs over the years, and I can't imagine life without it!  The installation was a piece of cake, and the programs run smoothly.Sure, there are a hundred features I'll never use, but Entourage is open on my laptop all day, every day.  It syncs perfectly with my iPhone calendar and contacts, and manages my email elegantly.  I use the calendar daily.  I've never understood the appeal of Apple's separate calendar/email/address book, when Entourage integrates all three so perfectly.Microsoft Word and Excel are the same applications I've come to rely on over the past versions and years (again, with a hundred new features I'll never need in my current work).And of course, everything integrates perfectly with PC colleagues.  What's not to love?
As I unpacked my new Macbook Pro, the enclosed iLife was a killer does-all addition to a stellar Apple laptop. I loaded the new MS Office with glee. Microsoft runs fast, and flawlessly on the laptop, unlike the chuggy versions (aside from Word) of the Apple past. The funky docX save feature is a bugger: save a doc in docX and it'll be tough for most earlier Macs to open, but just upgrade: word is now a strong contender for very good layouts that, until now, I'd thought was beyond Microsoft. for a Quark/InDesigner like me, here is the MS version for newsletters and business use that really looks terrific and is easy to use. Plus, I'm a returning student, so using the school's recommended Word is the correct approach.Entourage and the rest included and a recommended alternative to, ahem, the other options for email and online communicating. Faster, no baloney: SWEET.Excel is the standard for spreadsheets: Much as I adore other apps that come close, stick with Excel and it'll always work best.Well done, MS! I'm happy and working without fear of problems!
Let's face it Apple does some things great and well  Microsoft has mastery over the office environment.  This package is easy to use, Mac friendly and is the common language of corporate america, like it or not.  I have used PCs for years at work, even though I prefer the more intuitive (and stable) platform of the Mac. I know others have complained of crashes but fortunately it works well on my machine.I look at these package as an essential toolkit for the work world. Plain and simple it is a valuable addition to my software library.
My  granddaughter uses PowerPoint and Excel at school and we have never owned a copy of the suite for home.  Since it was delivered 3 days ago, she has not shut off her computer.  I am hoping to do what many of us as adults do...have her teach me how to use the Suite.  So far, I am thrilled with the product.  Nothing could have made her happier and that's what the world is all about!
This is a feature rich update of the Office:Mac program. The user interface is elegant, and very Mac-friendly.Initially I had some difficulties with the program - first, it would take a very long time (upwards of 20 minutes!) to launch, and the program had real problems with Font menus. A few simple tweaks to Word, and to my font management software solved these issues. Now all my Office:Mac 2008 applications open swiftly and work smoothly.A problem I had with the 2004 version of Word in particular was that there was a slight lag between keystroke and monitor update, so my typing was always a few words ahead of what was visible on my screen. With the '08 version, this has gone away.If there is a flaw in the program, it would actually have to be that the new Mac-like interface has changed where tools and features are located, so I find myself having to learn my way around the program all over again. I hate to say it but I miss the old menu and toolbar structure.Otherwise, the program works beautifully.I'd update the star rating here to 4 1/2 if I could - can't do that when editing reviews, sorry.
The whole suite, boiled down to a student edition, had me wondering what was left out. Well, nothing. But a few major bells and student whistles are added, and that's why I'm really happy for this one.Word's ease of producing excellent layouts is terrific, and between the spreadsheet giant Excel and the "must have" student tool PowerPoint, Entourage and Messenger for Mac (I REALLY hate Safari for email).The daily schedule keeper (My Day) is a desktop PDA looking thing, and habit-forming as well as handy as heck, but the added color tabs and homework-specific features for the student edition are awesome. I've yet to try the audio extras, but you can add 'em to papers, which should be another valuable extra for improving any paper or presentation (and let's face it, if you can grab an extra few points, they add up). As an adult student, yeah, I'll use this all, and bibs, which are a royal pain for me to switch styles back and forth, are simple. That's the operative here: simpler, easier, styled for school.Excel's formated bank account spreadsheets are excellent. I know that iLife is loaded into Macs, but at a good student price, hey, buy this already, you'll use it.I am running this on a MacBook Pro laptop, so how it'll run on a Power PC is unknown, but if you're a student and can swing it, dump that old Mac and cash in on student discounted lap-topping. Our eMac is now on another kid's desk. Kharma paid back: I got this MS bundle of excellence that cries out to dump your old (or bootlegged) Word suite and kick up your GPA with Office: Mac. I have NO regrets!
Microsoft Office 2008 for Mac provides a fully-featured solution with few if any bugs that I've encountered. It does a lot of updating, but it updates with no problems and I haven't had any loss of data issues throughout my year and a half of using it. Everything has functioned properly... Why can't all of Microsoft's software work this flawlessly? Aside from the rhetorical questions, I see no reason not to recommend this product. If you need an Office suite for Mac, this is a safe way to go.
Face it, when it comes to productivity software, there's MS Office, and then there's everything trying to be MS Office. So why not just get what works the best? And of course, on the Mac OS, which is FAR SUPERIOR to any Windows setup, Office is even better. There's not much to say about this other than: GET IT AND GET TO WORK! :)
I am a PC user and also have a Mac MINI. I use office in my everyday tasks. Office is the standard and just works so well why try anything else unless it is free or almost free. Over the years I have tried the others and had a lot of problems. It is nice having office on my Mac now.
If you own your own small business and need a better way to keep track of accounting costs and expenditures, 'Microsoft Office Accounting Professional 2008' is the perfect solution for you!!  With the well known Microsoft layout, if you are a user of Outlook or any Office application you will be able to start using this application right out of the box with barely any instruction at all.  Easy to use, wonderful on the eyes and it will let you easily import data from Microsoft Money or QuickBooks, this is a joy to install.  With integrated access to eBay and PayPal you will quickly be able to have a web presence for your company and anything that you would want to see (charts, graphs, tables, etc.) is abundant and available.If you are a current QuickBooks user and like the Microsoft layout you might want to make the switch.  If you are still using pen and paper to track expenses and see where the money is coming and going, make the jump to the 21st century and UPgrade to a better way!!***** RECOMMENDED
This is an excellent source for keeping financial records at your fingertips.Perfect in organizing all important financial records.It has become the one place I keep my necessary information and I feel it securely registered and plain and easy to access.I recommend this to anyone needing to store business records in an easy acsess secure place.
Personally, I am in awe of anyone who successfully ran a Home Based or Small business before the advent of computer-based software applications, and the best recommendation I can offer for Microsoft Office Professional Accounting 2008 is I completed the installation, transferred essential information from other applications and was able to generate basic business flow documents in less time than it took to write this review.As advertised, with only rudimentary accounting acumen it is quite likely most users will be positioned to generate quotes, invoices and billings within minutes after installation. The quick start menu, which looks a lot like the XP/Vista control Panel, is conveniently organized and is easy to follow.  Pertinent business information such as customer and vendor lists, employee records, financial accounts, product information and the like can be transferred from existing spreadsheets, other accounting packages, or entered manually.  If you need to build from the ground up, the application also includes templates for each of the aforementioned information segments that do not require much more familiarity with the underlying applications than the ability to follow precisely laid out screen generated instructions.The screen display is very comfortable for Office Suite product users with Top menu bar (no ribbons!) as well as a left side navigation bar where individual business segments like vendors, customers, employees, reports and banking information are accessible. Tasks for each component are displayed in flow chart form and essentially guide you through the necessary steps to complete any required function. This application is an asset for the small business as it includes a complement of tools beyond requisite accounting and expense tracking. As soon as the company screen is opened, the user is offered an up-to-date snapshot of business status that is customizable to your individual needs or interests. It has built-in email integration for completion of cover letters for electronic mailings, facilitates online selling via ebay and credit card management with PayPal.  For those who employ outside accountants or bookkeepers, remote access can be enabled.  One feature I already find indispensable is one time entry (well, nearly one time entry) of client information.  From prospect letter to 3rd collection notice, client information can be transferred to the appropriate document in the space of a few keystrokes. The program also features a tickler file for nearly every piece of communication I need to send out or business area that requires immediate attention.I do not wish to imply the learning curve is shallow because I have encountered a number of features that will take some time to fully exploit and some screens have fields that will require further investigation via online tutorials or search at Office live website. As is common practice in today's environment a physical manual is amongst the missing. However, whether one is transitioning from another financial management package, transferring data from Excel or building from scratch, this application is extremely user friendly and should not result in loss or downtime during the transition process.  I find it much more intuitive than QuickBooks Pro, and as I descend deeper into the vortex that is Microsoft, I can't help but to appreciate the convenience of seamless integration with other Office Suite products.My most significant complaint with the software would be lack of connectivity with Microsoft Office Live Small Business. Although I could build a bypass via Business Contact Manager and Excel, for the time being I do have to duplicate some fields of client information at the Web hosting site and locally. So, cut and paste will not go the way of user manual for a while yet.  I also haven't figured out if I can replace the generic quote and invoice forms within the application with the forms created in Word with the customizable templates. It's only a few additional keystrokes to use the ones I built but it is an additional step that may be avoidable.This is one package that is well worth the money.
In a nutshell, I've used QuickBooks, Money, and Peachtree Accounting off and on for the last twelve years to manage our business. In the end, I sometimes find these programs to cumbersome to outweigh the advantages of a simple file system and hand kept books. However, with the surge in technology and where it can take your business, I find that Microsoft has gone above and beyond in the development of this software. Here is what I really like about this software:1. It integrates with Paypal and EBay for an additional $10 per month. You can list items for sale on eBay right from this program, and when the item sells, in real time it will update payment status, account for fees, and provides a very easy to use simple accounting system to keep track of everything without spending several hours per week doing this yourself. If you sell on eBay, simply put, YOU NEED THIS!2. It's integrated with Paypal. When you need to send an invoice, you can include a link to be paid by credit card through Paypal. It keeps things professional and easy. If you don't have a credit card merchant account this is a very good solution, especially for very small businesses that would like to start accepting credit cards.3. Your accountant can remotely access (with your permission) your books and update them, then synchronize the information back to you to keep your books up to date without in person visits.4.  You can manage your payroll through this system for only $14 per month. They automatically calculate your employment taxes and you can print checks right from this software. This is the cheapest payroll solution I've ever seen. Plus, since it's built in all your business financial information is in one spot and you will get a true picture of your business without cumbersome integration of data from other sources.5. The templates are amazing. Whether you need to create an invoice or a packing slip, it's there and ready to use. This will save you time and money over hiring a print shop or using another application.Since this integrates with other Microsoft products such as Outlook, email, and more, you will seamlessly be able to use information across these applications. I really love this product. It did take a few tries to install correctly. Once it was installed I began using it right away. The user interface is familiar so the learning curve is much smaller than if you were to embark on learning another accounting program.The Microsoft web site has a free trial download of this program, and also has an express version with less features that they offer for free.
I've read the other reviews of this product here, and there are clearly a lot of negatives. Some people find this program too big, some find it too small.I found it just right.When I contemplated self-employment, I had several concerns, including whether or not I could actually keep the wolf from the door that way, but my largest was the thought that I would have to keep records of some kind. I don't have a talent for that. When my sixth client sent me a contract, I searched diligently for a book called, say, "The Smallest Amount of Accounting Knowledge You Need to Avoid Getting Thrown in Jail," but didn't find such a thing. All the books I could find seemed to imagine that I was -- well, an accountant.Office Accounting Professional 2008 doesn't assume this. It is bossy software.You know what I mean about bossy software. It reminds you to apply payments to invoices and nags you about putting in people's names correctly and won't let you charge people for "June."In general, I don't like bossy software. Bossy word processing programs often just don't understand complex syntax and don't have as large a vocabulary as I do, and I really don't need my computer to warn me that I haven't been properly introduced to websites.But the bossiness of this software means that someone like me can put her data in correctly enough to send it off to the accountant -- and there is a system for doing that, too.I scoffed at the set-up poster, by the way, but it was nice to have some large paper showing all the steps in order. I had no trouble getting the software installed, everything was done by wizards, and overall I found the whole package reassuring.Now, I have no employees, and I have no interest in eBay, so I sympathize with those who felt that there were more parts to this than they needed. However, I found that this package has just the amount of power I need for keeping track of hours, jobs, clients, income, and expenditure. If I have employees some day, I won't have to learn new software. I can foresee needing to use the banking features, so I'm glad they're there. The extra features don't hamper my use of what I currently need, and I've had the experience before of spending more on trading up than I would have if I'd bought something more powerful to begin with.I would strongly recommend this package for small businesses.
As someone who has used Peachtree for my small business accounting needs for years I always felt that while Peachtree was a good program, it was far too comlicated and bloated for the average small business user.  I wanted something that, quite frankly, made doing my books a snap -- as easy as writing a letter -- and I found it with Microsoft Accounting Professional 2008.First off, let me state this -- if you are an average user of the Microsoft Office suite of products then Accounting 2008 is going to be a snap for you to use.  They have went to great lengths to make sure you don't need an Accounting degree to understand it.  A lot of the features not only integrate extremely well with Office 2007, but will remind you a lot of using Office (minus the ribbon interface).One of the really nice features of Accounting is the ability to add third-party add-ins.  Out of the box you get an integration module for Paypal, so your invoices can automatically generate Paypal requests and Accounting can automatically classify and deduct the fees for it from the appropriate accounts.  As your business grows, and you decide that you need to do direct credit card processing, Accounting 2008 lets you integrate with CC processors directly -- again, handling managing the costs and fees for you.Dashboards are another strong feature of this product.  How is my business doing?  What is my accounts payable looking like?  How much cash do I have on hand?  All that information and more is available through quick, convenient dashboards.  You can drill down into the dashboards to pull up reports to see more detailed data.If you use Business Contact Manager for Outlook then you are in for a treat -- it integrates directly with Accounting to help you track not only customer information, but also communications and marketing camapaigns!  No more having to hunt and search for emails sent months ago or wondering if your marketing campaigns via e-mail are working.All in all, I couldn't be happier with the product.  I think it has been a welcome upgrade from Peachtree and thanks to its integration with other products really brings my business into a 360-view.  I know immediately how well things are doing, what my customers are up to, and what needs my attention.If you own a small business then do yourself a favor and give this a try.  I think you will be pleasantly surprised.
Great program to simplify your world of small business. A bit sluggish at times, but it's nice to have all the information in one place.  I would recommend this program to all small business owners...ebay business...keep track of sales!  Be organized for next years tax season!
If you are faint of heart when it comes to massive computer programs, then run away now. CorelDraw Graphics Suite x4 is a fantastic program, but as I say in the tile if you have never used a program like this be prepared for some trial and error. However, there are over two hours of tutorials on the DVD. Watch them, and then watch them again. They do help and there is tremendous benefit there.I would go into the specs of this, and the different programs included in this suite. But I fear I would totally screw it up. So, instead I'll talk about my experience with it.First off I am a very novice user when it comes to programs of this sort. However, after some trial and error and watching the tutorials. I have gained some type of profecieny with the program. Not nearly what an expert can do mind you, but the more I tinker with it the more I think I will find some things out.The interface, while daunting, makes sense and is laid out in a very understandable way. But, the first time you see all those options and choices you will be in awe.This is a solid program and certainly lives up to the Corel name.
I am not the typical "power-user" professional graphics artist who would typically purchase this product, but I wanted software that could do drawing and layout for a wide variety of projects.I installed CorelDraw on an entry level Vista-powered laptop.  Even though it was under the recommended system requirements, the program still performed well.  The menus and other workflow areas are well-designed and intuitive.To test out the learning curve for a "amateur", I chose for my first project designing a book cover for a book that I am self-publishing.  I set up the workspace, imported photos & text, manipulated some graphic elements, tweaked formatting, and then exported the drawing as a jpg. Sweet.  All without even looking at any documentation.Speaking of documentation, it is extensive and well-done. There is help within the program, video tutorials, and written manuals.I've only scratched the surface of this program, but I am already very impressed.  CorelDRAW is superior software.
CorelDRAW Graphics Suite X4The Unleashing:The first thing you'll notice when you get this is the fact that it's a very compact box. What could be in this thing?For starters, there's a huge descriptive spiral manual which lists in alphabetical order every single font, background, etcetera that you could ever possibly use. This is immensely helpful if you are a better reader from paper, or feel it's easier to read from the format of the book (due to its spiral binding) instead of the library database from the program.Next in the box comes a graphic user guide for when you need any help on any of the thousands of tools at your disposal. The 458 pages that are included will be sure not to leave you puzzling when you need something specific done. Fortunately, unlike most other products, the book is easy to navigate and won't force you to end up reading a full chapter to get one piece of knowledge on how to use a programs feature properly.For newer people (and some intermediates/experts) the box comes with a handbook that includes insights from the experts. Just from a quick gaze, anyone can tell these tips, in synergy with the user guide, will lead to an extremely easy time using the program. The tips that you can find in there are detailed to a point where anyone can understand them and moreover include tricks for shortening your time that you spend on projects.The final kicker is that the box comes with a Quick Reference Card. This isn't a card as much as it is a four-page laminated medium-sized chart. Each page contains shortcuts and enlarged icons for people who need help finding them or, as originally intended, for reference. In short, perfect for people who like lists.Installation and extras:The CD that comes with the product is extremely easy to find, comes in a durable paper sleeve, and has its serial key on the back of it (a perfect design for people who are used to not finding the key buried inside one of the thick manuals). When you insert the CD, it will go to a menu describing what you would like to do. All that's needed is to click the installation button and install it, which takes little time to complete, and is only about one gigabyte of hard drive space. This is amazing for computers with not much hard drive space, and is definitely small in size compared to the hulking higher size (up to multiple gigabytes of memory) programs you may see.If interested, after installing, you may go back to the other options included with the menu. In total, including the installation option, there are 4 menu selections you may make. There are the installation extras which include a huge library of selectable graphics and fonts, which is mainly for experimentation, outgoing designs, and overall perfection of detail. Next, you may watch as many as 18 training videos, which is useful for describing and to help people who learn visually. Finally, there is a nice screen saver and wallpaper for people who enjoy the look of, or otherwise use CorelDraw.Lastly, there are other programs that you may install with it if you deem necessary. All of these are useful and used for different things. Definitely helps organization.The program itself:For a program that is so immense in library database and tool amount, it is actually relatively easy to navigate through any of the menus that are at your disposal. The program has been set up in a way that is unique, making things fast and simple.The most enjoyable aspect is that you end up doing very little of the work, because most of the tools will do it for you. All that's required from you is that you guide the program on what to do, and it's almost as if it completes itself. Even drawing something manually becomes easy with the tools, especially when you want to shade, color, darken, brighten -- mostly anything. The tools are seemingly endless and customizable, meaning that if applied correctly, you will never be without an automatic ability to adjust objects, text, drawings, layers, and etcetera.Final impression:Ultimately, most of the knowledge you will learn comes from experience, and this program is definitely not something that will leave you learning nothing. The books are only there to help you and advance you along the way when you're stuck. Moreover, learning how to do the things in the program itself can be helped along with the books, but with such ease of use, you will find yourself having more fun than it being a chore. Just from a few days, even as little as a few hours, you can feel you have learned more and gotten more experience from this program than from many of the the others available out there.Rating:This program deserves nothing less than a 5/5. It's easy to use, has a well-made interface, and finally, can lead you to the perfecting of your technique.
CorelDraw and and its Suite have been around for a long, long time. Since the late 1980s, in fact. At one time, CorelDraw was the leader of the pack and made its founder Dr. Michael Cowpland a very wealthy man. Dr. Cowpland was long ago replaced after he led Corel into hard times.For many years, CorelDraw offered tremendous bang for the buck. Not only was CorelDraw a competent vector illustration program competing with Adobe Illustrator and Macromedia FreeHand, it came with 10,000 mediocre, but usable, clip art images and 1,000 fonts.Almost 20 years later, it is still in production - and that says a lot. Not many software products have accomplished this.The CorelDraw Suite includes CorelDraw X4, Corel PHOTO-PAINT X4 (a PhotoShop workalike), Corel PowerTRACE X4 (a bitmap to vector conversion program), Corel CAPTURE X4. Bitstream Font Navigator, a print duplexing utility and a service bureau pre-flighter.Much to their credit, Corel still includes a reasonably comprehensive printed manual. There aren't a whole lot of third-party books on Corel products and the programs are complex. The printed manual is welcome.CorelDraw is still widely used, particularly in the industrial market. It is less expensive than equivalent Adobe products, though not necessarily easier to use.I'll cursorily treat the lesser applications first. Bitstream FontNavigator is a great tool for managing large numbers of fonts. Simple to use, dependable and capable. Corel CAPTURE is a screen capture program and nothing to write home about.SnagIt V 8.2is far more capable. The service bureau prep application is fine for those who need it: most won't. The print duplexing application is okay, but not as sophisticated as some other standalone applications.Installation on a moderately powerful AMD based Windows XP computer was trouble free. Response from all programs on a basic nVidia graphic display adapter was adequate. On a state-of-the-art computer, these programs should fly.CorelDRAW is an excellent vector graphics illustration program. It is the equal of Adobe Illustrator. In some ways, it is easier to use than its Adobe counterpart - but in others, it is not. One thing should be kept in mind - this program is not for those who expect to learn it in ten minutes. But for a newcomer willing to work with the manual, CorelDRAW can be learned reasonably quickly.CorelPAINT is a competitor to Adobe PhotoShop. But it is not a strong competitor. It is just about as capable as PhotoShop and a lot less expensive, but the interface is not as comfortable as PhotoShop's. PhotoShop is also supported by dozens of third-party books and tools that will teach you how to do everything and anything with PhotoShop. Corel PHOTOPAINT lacks such support, though you can learn from the PhotoShop materials.Overall, the CorelDRAW Graphics Suite remains a formidable competitor. It offers nearly all the capabilities of Adobe Illustrator and PhotoShop in an affordable package with the added benefit of the extras like the fonts and clip art. For those who need high-end vector and bitmap editing capabilities, the package should definitely be on your short list, particularly since Adobe merged with Macromedia.A good buy, worthy of consideration.Jerry
I'm going to do a short review here and say that Corel has some advantages over Photoshop for photomanipulation or editing. Where Photoshop Elements (a fine piece of software) has you estimate or use your monitor and judgment for fixing photos, CorelDraw's Photo suite has an Integrated Image Adjustment Lab --and it tells you how you are going to affect the data on a RAW image, losing image quality by various adjustments. Instead of eyeballing what you are doing, you can retain maximum detail in highlights and shadows using their sliders and suggestions. When you exceed the limits and start to lose detail, an exclamation point crops up on the slider, showing you that you have degraded the photo quality. This is probably the best photo editing software I've used for that reason.While I like the competing PhotoShop Elements for ease of use and the fun effect, CorelDraw has more professional features and the interface for photoediting is full of information yet easy to use. Big thumbs up.
I run a moderately large website and do all of my own graphics.  I look for a simple, effective and creative tool to help me with banners, photo cropping, buttons and layouts. I have used a former Pantone product, xaraX and loved it. Pantone seems to understand the "artist" in me and I've found it's interfaces very easy to use. In this extended pack of goodies you'll find clip art, photos, tools and resources for when you need a bit of extra help. The training portion of the DVD was very informative and easy to follow. I used the logo making program and got great results. I am not a technical person and am one of the few people that don't care for Adobe or Photoshop very much. CorelDRAW may be just what you're looking for in graphics and photo software, all at an affordable price. The software uploaded easily in about 5 minutes. I would recommend having a tablet to do some of the more fine-tuning on some photos and graphics. I am very happy with this product!
CorelDRAW Graphics Suite X4 is a collective powerhouse of design software that can be used for all manner of design and publishing situations. Included in the package are: CorelDRAW, Corel PHOTO-PAINT, Corel CAPTURE, ConceptShare, and the Bitstream Font Navigator. There are also a bunch of small applications (like a bar-code wizard, etc.) that are quite helpful when needed.Thankfully, CorelDRAW comes with a video product tour, and hands-on project tutorials that make learning the designing process much simpler. Hints on the right side of the page are there to help out if you ever need them.The interactive tables and professional templates that come with the software are impressive. They are simple to use and make it easy to add data to a newsletter or report. I really like the way you can arrange the templates by type (like brochures, business cards, posters, newsletters, etc.)The CorelDRAW Graphics Suite X4 package is well worth the price to anyone who needs the comprehensive assistance and utility that it brings. This is the tool that will help you take your ideas and turn them into professional graphics for logos, signs, newsletters, or web graphics. Highly recommended for the home publisher or the for the busy office.
Okay... I've been using the CorelDRAW Graphics Suite X4 for over two months now.  I resisted the urge to review it right away, because the darn thing is so complex and multifaceted that I feared my initial positive reaction would be dimmed with greater exposure.  Not to worry!I've been using (maybe I should now say `was' using) Adobe Illustrator for some time, but this is far superior in terms of usability and functionality in my opinion.  I don't mean to go on an anti-Adobe rant, but if you're constantly clicking the right mouse button, cursing and then going to the menu bar for a simple command like `copy', then hallelujah an alternative is here!  I sometimes think that Adobe too often sacrifices usability and convenience in their quest to produce a kickass product that will work with Windows without looking like another Microsoft product.  There, I've said it... deep cleansing breath... and on to the remainder of the review.The CorelDRAW X4 graphics functionality takes second chair to nothing else I've used.  So much so that I wish my employer would allow me to use it, instead of the Illustrator (oops... I didn't want to badmouth those guys again).  And the PowerTRACE application produces far superior results than any other graphics trace I've ever used, period.With all of that, you might think that the Photo-Paint component would be an afterthought, barely more than an enhanced version of innumerable free photo editors available with Microsoft or Google (Picasa).  But it's nothing of the sort.  I've been grudgingly using Photoshop Elements (sorry, I just can't stand the gallery nonsense that they put you through) for a while now, but Photo-Paint is now my editor of choice; better enhancement and ease of use make this a new fave for me.For all of the detailed specs, read the ones in the product description above the reviews.  You don't need me to parrot any of that back.  Suffice to say that I found the suite to be easy to install, way easier to work with and producing far more satisfying results than any graphic suite I've encountered.The `oops' in all that is that now I may have to upgrade my digital camera, in order to get even more benefit from the darned thing.  Is there any chance that Amazon Vines might need a review of the Pentax K10D 10.2MP Digital SLR any time soon (wink... wink...)?
I've created graphics for years, but have primarily relied on Adobe and Macromedia products. Recently, I began to take notice of CorelDraw and was very impressed with the features and reviews. To be honest, CorelDraw x4 exceeded all my expectations by a long shot. Not only is this program easy to use, but it's easy to learn. They included 2 hours of DVD instruction which is helpful for both beginners and experienced users of graphics programs.CorelDraw x4 is essentially 4 programs in one. First, and most important to me is Corel PHOTO-PAINT X4. I found this application to be very powerful, along the same lines as Adobe Photoshop. However, side by side, Corel PHOTO-PAINT X4 was better at manipulating the particular images I was working with. Their auto adjust feature most of the time was able to correct my photos over 70% of the time.  The effects and adjustments menu is extensive and useful. I still don't know every feature, but I am sure I will master this program with the help of their Corel Tutor, help screens, included user's manual, and 2 hours of DVD instruction.Next is their vector graphics program, CorelDRAW X4. This is a graphics creation and manipulation program, like Adobe Illustrator. If you don't know what vector graphics are, they are mathematical calculations that draw lines and other graphics each time an image is enlarged. It allows you to blow up an image to infinite amounts without getting the bitmap and pixel distortion you would get from making a simple enlargement. This is what all professional design studios use, and it makes it easy to take graphics and turn them into billboards, posters, car wraps, t-shirts, and more with perfect results. You can also use this program to design beautiful brochures, logos, business cards, menus, and any other design and layout project you have. Ten thousand clipart images are included with this program, so you can save some time and money as opposed to buying these elsewhere. They also give you 1000 photographs.A nice product also included is called Corel PowerTRACE X4. This allows you to take bitmap images and convert them to vector images. I didn't even know something like this had existed. In the past I would recreate images that were vector graphics, which was time consuming.Finally, the CorelDraw x4 includes Corel CAPTURE X4 which is a screen capture program. This is useful if you are creating instruction manuals, saving game screens, and just about any other reason you can think that it would be useful to have a screen capture.Overall, I am thrilled with this program so far, and hope to keep uncovering new possibilities as I learn more about this program. Novices would be advised to either be patient and learn from all the included resources or take a class on this software before frustration sets in. I recall my early days in using graphics programs, and they can be a bear.
Let me preface this review by telling you that I am not by any means an expert.  I have never used an earlier version of CorelDRAW, nor any of the competing Adobe products so I can't make any sort of comparisons.  My experience has been with less powerful and comprehensive programs such as Microsoft Publisher, Picture It (yes I'm a bumpkin) and Macromedia (now Adobe) Fireworks.These are my impressions of the product so far:The product installs from DVD with no problems (I am running Windows XP on an Intel 2.4 GHz duo-core processor). All of the installation options are clearly presented.  Inside of the box is a comprehensive User Guide, a Handbook containing insights from experts on various aspects of graphic design, a book index of the fonts and clip art contained in the program, a quick reference chart, and a decal. I like the fact that they included hard copy documentation rather than having everything on disc (although they have it on disc as well).Since I have never used a graphics suite like this before, I was sort of bewildered when opening the programs for the first time.  However, the user guide is very helpful.  Included on the DVD are 18 training videos that cover various common tasks, and these are very helpful as well. Everything is clearly and cleanly laid out.  As I watched the videos, I was amazed at what the programs are capable of doing.  Now whether these features are pretty much standard with this type of software and Adobe has the same stuff, I couldn't say.  All I can say is I was totally impressed by CorelDRAW's capabilities.  I also enjoyed listening to Scott Georgeson, the narrator, with his British accent. He was not some dull, droning instructor!Of course Mr. Georgeson makes it look easy since he knows what he is doing and I don't, but being able to replay and slow down the videos, as well as refer to the user's guide was a big help and allowed me to get started on the programs. What seemed daunting at first became a lot clearer and easier after I got started.It seems to me that Corel has made a huge effort to produce a powerful and comprehensive product that is user-friendly.  One criticism I have heard over and over about Adobe is its steep learning curve. Te documentation included with the CorelDRAW suite goes a long way towards enabling the user to start making good use of the product in a short period of time. It's very well-thought out.I'm very eager to increase my competency on this product and put it to good use.  So far it has been very impressive.  This is something I am sure I will make good use of in the future. Corel has done an excellent job of making this suite user-friendly without sacrificing any features.
There are three considerations when I think about CorelDraw Graphics Suite X4.1)  What you get for the price.2)  How it compares to industry leading programs like the Adobe programs3)  Overall satisfaction and usefulness.In comparison to other programs this is a great bargain.  While more expensive than some some of the introductory photo, layout, or graphics programs the capability of CorelDraw goes far beyond any of those.  In fact, within seconds I realized there is no comparison to such programs and instead we have to jump to looking at the high end software which can run for about 1200 dollars for an equivalent package (this is Adobe CS3 Design standard).So the price for a very robust suite of programs is very good here.How does it compare overall to the Adobe programs, if cost wasn't an issue.  Very well in fact.  Surprisingly so, especially CorelDraw.  While my experience with Adobe Illustrator is far from extensive and I still consider myself a novice at CorelDraw I feel safe in saying that CorelDraw is not quite as robust as Illustrator.  That being said, CorelDraw has amazing strengths and depending on the user might even be preferred.I've used Corel's Painter program a fair bit over the last few years and know that no program matches its ability for natural media painting.  CorelDraw picks up on this and offers a lot of direct manipulation. Instead of depending on yet more windows or menus, there is a wonderful ability to just get in and shape and form, making CorelDraw feel more plain fun and natural to me.  And even if it is not as robust, this quality means that for many tasks, maybe most, CorelDraw will be quicker and easier and more fluid.CorelPhoto-Paint is not even close to Photoshop.  But that's fine.  It is not meant to be a direct competitor to Photoshop. It is meant to do advanced image tasks for use in graphic design, where the images are not themselves the primary goal.  As such it works great.  It is very easy to use, easy to pick up and works quite well.  It's a great companion program to CorelDraw.The reality is that in professional circles mastery of Adobe products are almost required.  However, the bloated quality of Adobe programs means that there is almost always way more than a specific job requires.  For those who are starting up, getting into their own design, or otherwise want to do extremely high quality work the CorelDraw is a very, very good choice.  Because of what I feel is the ease and fun of use as compared to Adobe I will likely often open Corel now as my first choice.It's a great product and I highly recommend it to anyone who does not need to use or cannot afford the Adobe programs.
The CorelDraw X4 Graphics Suite does so much that a litany of all the features would run into pages of text.  The primary programs in the suite are CorelDraw for page layout and vector based drawing, and Photo Paint for digital image editing and retouching.  In addition to these two main programs, the Graphics Suite also includes CorelCapture, Duplexing Wizard, Bitmap Font Navigator, and an Extras folder with clip art, digital images and fonts.One of the first things to love about this package is that the installation disk is segmented.  There are drop downs that allow you to install as much or as little of the program as you need or want.  One section is for the program itself, a separate section is for the extras - clip art, photos, fonts, etc.  Even the fonts are available with a drop down that lets you deselect some that you might not use.  Since the package includes fonts in Latin, Greek, Japanese, Korean, Cyrillic, Hebrew, and more, there might be some that you are not interested in.  It's a nice space saver on your hard drive.  I've loaded the entire software package on a one year old Gateway laptop running XP.  The installation was smooth and there haven't been any issues running the programs since.  As with any graphics program, if you're planning to use this on a laptop or an older PC, please make sure you can meet or exceed the system requirements.You're going to need to spend some time familiarizing yourself with the programs and learning all the features.  Corel has provided a generous amount of documentation, reference material and instruction to make it easier to learn and use these programs.  The install disk includes 18 video lessons total ling over two hours of instruction.  If you are familiar with any of the previous versions of Corel Draw, you can check the "Highlight What's New" feature on the toolbar; this brings up a drop down of previous versions (9 through X3) - choose the version you're familiar with and all the new features that have been added since that revision are now highlighted on the tool bars.  Regardless of your familiarity with previous versions, a Hints Palette is available to present tips and help for the selected tool.  The package is heavy with documentation including a Digital Content Manual, quick reference card, and a new CorelDraw Handbook.  Additional support is available though the Corel website, including many tutorials, tips/hints, assistance from a very large user community with forums, blogs, galleries that allow others to comment on your work, and more.If you are a graphics professional you probably use, have used, or work with images created in Adobe Photoshop.  CorelDraw X4 has enhanced support for Adobe Photoshop CS3,  Illustrator CS3, PDF 1.7, PDF/A, and Adobe Acrobat 8. This certainly makes it easier to exchange files with co-workers and clients.If you are a hobbyist doing occasional graphics work, CorelDraw includes over 80 customizable templates (with designer notes) to help you create professional looking projects.  However, hobbyists should be warned this is not a simple what-you-see-is-what-you-get package. This software does a lot; in the right hands, it will create spectacular graphics. If you don't think you're going to have the time to spend learning to use this very comprehensive package, you may want to load the trial version of the software before making your decision.Highly recommended for users willing to make the commitment to learning to use the many features.
If you've been looking for an alternative to Adobe's CS3 -- or something that does everything it does and more -- then look no further, my designer friend. CorelDRAW Graphics Suite X4 has it all, and the full version I used also has user-friendly manuals that can take you from absolute beginner to impressive expert. Really great stuff, especially the trace feature, which preserves scanned line art and makes it scalable without any loss of resolution; it does this by turning all the lines into vectors. EXTREMELY COOL software for the professional or anyone who wants their work to look like it was done by one.
The Corel line of graphics software has always carried the burden of being the second choice and often the second experience of Adobe software users. Those who encounter the software after experience with the main Adobe-produced rivals (Illustrator and Photoshop) will experience it very differently than those who are looking to learn professional graphics from the start with Corel.Though I am a very experienced user of Adobe products, I tried to experience Corel Draw (the vector graphics portion) and Photo Paint (the bitmap graphics portion) with an eye toward evaluating it as someone who wasn't already comfortable with a different interface, but who was interested in a professional level graphics package, as well as someone who may decide to transition away from the pricier Adobe products. I will offer my perspective from both of these viewpoints:As a newcomer to pro graphics:There is a lot of power and flexibility. Photo Paint offers alpha channels, lighting effects, masking, and a good selection of filters for those who want to "play" with images. It is able to open and save to a variety of file formats and can rasterize vector images. A lot of functions are quite intuitive (e.g., image straightening, filter effects), though programs with the breadth and depth of a professional program have a great many levels and no one who is new to them can grasp them immediately or without underlying knowledge of what all the terms mean. It's important not to mistake this graphics package as one designed for the hobbyist or person looking to modestly tweak images for web pages. The complex functionality it possesses is to allow folks working in industries that need finer work to get it done and it certainly allows for that and more.In terms of how easy it is to understand the programs, CorelDraw is definitely a lot tougher to grasp, but that is the nature of vector graphics programs. However, I do believe that the way in which points (which are called "nodes" in Draw) are edited when working with Bezier curves could be more intuitive. Having to select each node and change its type by clicking a button in order to alter the way in which the control handles work is tedious. It'd be much better to have a modifier key to "break" curves where desired.The help files and tutorials are excellent and I had not trouble tracking down information to help me do what I wanted to do. However, an absolute beginner will likely need to do the video training for more hand-holding than I required. It's hard to get your head around the way computer graphics work, but Corel certainly provides the tools to try if the user is willing to take the time to learn. The software can only take you so far when it comes to something this complex.Corel also provides a huge variety of templates, clip art and fonts which Adobe does not. This makes the entire package more appealing to folks who work in publishing but do not create custom content and mainly want to tweak clip art or stock images.As an experienced Adobe user:One immediately resists every part of the interface which does not conform to what one is used to in Photoshop and Illustrator. This is much more troublesome in CorelDraw since drawing works best when one can use the tools effortlessly to gain the desired result. If you're looking to make the change to break free of Adobe's higher prices, the first thing you have to do is be patient with the interface differences. Some gritting of teeth may be involved. You'll likely find, on the whole, that some things are better in Corel's interface and some are worse compared to Adobe's, though Adobe's interface has a more professional and polished feel. The filters in particular sometimes have a cheesy and clunky feel to them, though they are easy enough to use.The second thing you have to do is make sure that all of your native file format files (.ai and .psd) have been saved into more universally accessible formats (EPS, TIFF) as neither PhotoPaint nor Draw will reliably open all Adobe native format files. In my tests, native Photoshop files always opened but sometimes with missing layers. When I attempted to open an Illustrator native file, I was told the file was compressed (though it was not) and that it needed to be re-saved in an uncompressed state. Resaving as an EPS file fixed the problem.Conclusions:* If I wanted to prepare myself for work in the graphics industry and wanted something less expensive than the Adobe CS package, I'd not hesitate to buy this suite to learn the ins and outs of professional graphics, particularly if I were planning on working freelance. However, I'd keep in mind that most publishers will work in Adobe software and I may need to learn their software eventually if I were to pursue office work.* If I were working in a publishing industry which did small amounts of editing of vector and bitmap images and needed to do color adjustments for professional printing, I'd seriously consider the Corel Suite though I'd investigate how effective the color separations worked for my particular needs. However, I would not rely on it for layout work (nor would I rely on Illustrator or Photoshop for layout) unless I only worked with flyers, brochures, posters, or other very short documents.* If I were an Adobe user looking to break free of the expensive shackles of Adobe software, I'd have to think long and hard before making the change as there would be some productivity loss getting acclimated to the interface and some differences in functionality that I may not want to accept.
CorelDraw's Graphic Suites do the work of several graphic programs (both pixel and vector based) combined, and although they might not be as fancy as Adobe's graphics software when combined with each other and a host of add ons, they give you more than what most people--even graphic professionals like myself--would want at less than half the price. CorelDraw just keeps getting better and better, and this version is the best one yet.I've been using CorelDraw for years, and for years my fellow digital artists have told me I need to "upgrade" to Adobe software. I studied computer graphics on Macs using Adobe programs at a digital-art school, but when I came home I practiced the same things using CorelDraw. There really wasn't much of a difference, except that the Adobe interface was prettier but oddly a little less intuitive.All my friends pushed me to buy a Mac and get Adobe software. "It's the only thing artists use," they said. "We just don't use PCs. Macs are designed for creative people, and so is Adobe software.""But Adobe programs cost more, and you have to buy several to do the same things as one CorelDraw Suite," I replied. "Some things that come standard in CorelDraw require add-ons in PhotoShop or Freehand, and that means you have to pay even more."They pointed out deals for students. I could get Adobe software for about half the retail cost. That made sense for something I needed, but what I already had for less than half the price of one of those programs was already fulfilling my needs. Did I really need to spend that much more to be like everyone else?I talked to a friend who ran a graphics studio. The artists working under her all worked with Adobe programs ... and she would fix their mistakes in CorelDraw. Then I went to work at a newspaper, where I created illustrations on my PC using scanned images and CorelDraw's Photo-Paint from the CorelDraw Graphics Suite. I exported my images in PNG format, and the layout artist had no problem putting them into pages in the software on his Mac. They looked fine in the newspaper when they were printed.So while Macs and Adobe might be the industry standard, you won't be left out in the cold if you save your money and choose not to join the crowd.Two last things:1. As with all graphics programs, there is a learning curve. However, if you already know one kind well, like PhotoShop, it shouldn't be too hard to adjust to another, like Photo-Paint, which is a part of this suite.2. CorelDraw tends to try new things with odd numbered releases, so the odd numbered ones tend to be a bit buggier than the even numbered ones. It's usually best to wait for an even numbered suite before you buy.
This review has been long in the making as I've struggled to find reasons to delve deeper into this massive software suite. I have no complaints about the user-friendliness of the programs. Corel is not hard to figure out and there are plenty of tutorials and help resources included. I've never attempted to use a graphics programs before, let alone the previous edition of CorelDRAW, so this was all new - and intimidating - to me. But I needn't be intimidated by anything other than the sheer volume of applications, because the drag-and-drop for formatting and such made things fairly easy to handle.I wish I could say I was a business owner, because in that case I would have many more uses for this program. Fooling around with the program for review purposes, I was able to create mock-ups of webpage layouts that looked pretty good. With more motivation (i.e. practical reason for using this) I am confident that I could do pretty well with DRAW. There are a lot of photos, clipart, and templates included - you can tinker around with this stuff for hours and hours. Not to keep driving at the same point, as much as I like this software I would love it if I had more I could apply it to. Perhaps in the future.It takes up quite a bit of room to install - it requires a DVD-ROM drive (which should be pretty obvious from the product name that includes DVD in brackets) - and it took a long, long time to actually install. Not that I am complaining, I don't have the greatest system in the world. It is a fairly new computer though, so if you are working with a computer that you have been planning to upgrade -- I recommend doing so before trying to put this on your computer. I have no point of reference to compare this to, having never used a similar product. But I certainly have no complaints and no reason to bother with anything similar  - this does it all.
Long-time Photoshop user here, and I have to tell you that I am impressed with how far Corel has brought its suite of graphics software in the few years since I've used it.  In spite of it being a suite, it isn't bloated with a lot of specialized applications.  You get a good, solid image handling program, a vector-based drawing program and a screen cap one.  No website builders, 3D stuff or video applications which are likely to take up a ton of space on your hard drive and never be used.In many ways I find the drawing program better than anything I've seen from Adobe.  The controls are far more intuitive.  And in fact, since one of the ways I judge how well a program performs is by how easy it is to get it up and running at a basic level without reading any of the manuals, I'd have to say that in many ways the whole suite is as good or better than Adobe's offerings in the intuition department.  If you can handle Photoshop, you can certainly learn Corel fairly quickly.There's a lot I could say, but I'd prefer to recommend that you check the program info on this page and see if it sounds like something you can use.  I don't think you'll be disappointed in the quality, nor do I believe you'll be defeated by the learning curve.  I think you'll find this suite well worth having either on its own or as an addition to the graphics programs you already use.
CorelDRAW Graphics Suite X4 is amazing.  Whether you are touching up photos, or drawing graphics, it has everything you need.  I use Adobe Illustrator CS3 at work as I am a Web & Graphic Designer.  When I had the opportunity to get this software for home, it was a great opportunity.  I must say that I like CDGSX4 as much or even more than Illustrator.  But, I'm not here to compare.I like the way that CDGSX4 can trace a scanned or bitmap graphic and create a vector version which can then be later manipulated.  This is a very useful feature.I used this software to design plans for a room addition we are doing and I found it easy to use all the tools to accomplish this in a relatively quick time.  In fact our contractor says he is looking to buy this software.It also lets you export your drawings in a number of formats including .PDF.  It also lets you import many different formats such as Adobe Illustrator.I highly recommend this software to anyone who is into graphics.  It's easy to use, a lot of tools and the suite also comes with photo software that supports RAW format.I haven't found anything about this software that I found hard to use, or didn't work correctly.The installation was very quick and easy.  I have Vista Ultimate.  No problems with it whatsoever.If you are in the market for a graphics program.  This is one to seriously consider.
I have never used Ghost before. Prior to this, I have used an older version of Acronis True Image. While True Image is a more feature-rich piece of software, Ghost is super simple and easy to deploy. Easy to manage backups, intuitive simple interface, highly recommended! I do, however, find that the backups are very slow, even on my fast system. However, they run nicely in the background and do not slow the system down.
This is probably Norton at its Ghostly best.With two major versions of GHOST available, the ENTERPRISE being the other significant one, this one is likely the Home or the lower cost end. For the purposes of this review, I am looking at an out of the box use.GHOST installs easily easily, and requires only .NET 2 as any sort of technical prequisite.The system requirements need to be changed on the box, based on my experience, since 512 will not do it, and for all higher level functions ( Cross network Backup, and Rescue Disk Boot) the Software and Disc works with only 1 GIG  or more. The Back up function is fast and easy. I am used to using Ghost explorer in ghost files, but in these backups, the ghost explorer function is in the file as is the recover button. And the annoying habit of creating multiple files in aBackup is basically gone; in the large disk backups I did, I could get as high as 300 gig without any problem at all. I also tried cross network backups at my home network, and whilst it started, found the destination, and started to write, it failed for reasons un-related to the GHOST software ( My Security software stopped the event).The rescue Boot Disk is superb. In its out of the box form, it behaves like ACTIVE DISK and Boots to a series of Menus which include NETWORK, with networking services, PC Anywhere Thin Host, Ping a Network Computer, and UTILITIES which include a MBR repair tool, as well as a series of very good Partition Table Operations and repair kits.All of these are the basic elements, and can be just about infinitely configurable; the key issue is that you DO need One Gig of Memory.
This does everything it says it will do. A good choice for those who need these services on their computers.
Combines exactly what MS should have included in Windows, namely antivirus and a backup system.  Still going strong after almost 20 years!
First, let me just say to those that already don't know:  Before even thinking about buying this, visit Norton's website and download a 15-day trial, to see if it works well with your system.It seems to me that Norton 360 is a program with a huge ego:  If installed on a new clean, freshly-reformatted PC, it will serve you well.  As advertised, these are the features you get with the pacakge:AntivirusAntispywareEmail scanningAntiphishingRootkit detectionIdentity protectionWeb site authenticationNetwork monitoringFirewall protectionAutomatic backup and restore2GB secured online storagePC performance tuneupsAutomatic updates*Embedded supportOptional antispam and parental controlsOne aspect that I noticed is its no longer a system hog like it used to be.  It even scans, defragments and mantains your system while your computer is idle.However, if your machine is no longer in the "new, fresh" state, get ready to face some problems.  It seems like it complicates things with other utility programs that may have already be installed on your machine(thats why I said "Big Ego.")I had problems with Norton 360 when I installed it on a PC that was reformatted half a year ago and it didn't run too well: freezing, hang-ups and Live Update complete stopped working.  It was also difficult to uninstall.However, on a newly bought PC it worked pretty smoothly so far with no complications.But don't take my word for it.  PC Magazine has an extensive review on it.  EDIT:  Amazon took the link off...I guess we're not allowed to post 3rd party links.  However, if you google "Norton 360 review" it will be one of the top links.
I wanted to come back and edit this review. I have found that converting to Vista has 2 problems. One is that it is not compatible with "older" hardware, and 2 it is not compatible with "older" software. The good news is that you can load Vista in a dual boot environment, and boot to your Windows XP operating system, or Vista. (Requires having the XP disc of course) All you need do is partition your existing drive, and reload, or add a second drive. My latest excitement is getting Vista 64 bit which is of course the wave of the future and partially here now, and then you can run existing 32 bit programs on XP. Every generation has this problem. Old DOS days, and the evoution of bits, ever increasing capacity, and incompatibility with the old. Ok, enough of this, on to my original review.The thing I like the most about Windows Vista Home Premium is that it is touted as the pinnacle application to run your media center through. I have the ATI All in Wonder TV Tuner Card, and although AMD has acquired them, and totally revamped the software that accompanies it, it still is not as easy and intuitive as the media center that is built into Vista Home Premium. After all Media Edition Windows came out several years ago in XP, and Microsoft has had plenty of time to mature it, and take advantage of user feedback to improve it.I am fully aware of the annoying pop up windows for security, and the incompatibility issues with hardware and applications not specifically designed for it. The issue of hardware problems is of course solved by using, or acquiring a new system. My IBM Pentium II 300 will not load Windows 2000 because of the hardware issues, and my applications that are more advanced, such as Photoshop CS2, and Dreamweaver will not run on an AMD K62 500 machines. I have newer more powerful XP machines for that. I do not throw away old machines, I add on, and network them.We can look at Vista as a hardware hog, or we could look at it as an operating system that is designed to be running your DVD with over 4Gigs of data to process, while surfing the web, and possibly have a scheduled television show go into auto record at the same time. You need 2 Gig of ram, even though 1 Gig is advertised as the minimum.My excitement is in the media center. There is a movement toward the tv converter boxes. With the government supplying $40 instant savings coupons, that you take to Best Buy, or Circuit City, or Radio Shack, and plop down the 10 or 20 dollar difference, and walk away with your new converter. Most of the stations are already broadcasting digital along with the analogue signal. I saw weak stations that are snow on the screen, turn into a super clear signal by turning on the box. Auto record your TV stations? I have the Ultimate TV service, which is like Tivo, and don't want to watch TV without out being able to record what I like, and being able to skip over the commercials. Now you can watch auto record shows, and skip commercials right in Windows Vista media center. With the converter box, I wonder what the motivation is to purchase satellite or cable service, other then some specialty channels. I am getting into Podcasts, and video broadcasts from all the major stations available online.Is Windows Vista have it detractions? Yes, but go into any Circuit City, Best Buy, or any computer store, and play around with a new computer with Vista on it, take it for a test drive. You will find it is easy to use, and intuitive. I think the overwhelming problem that most people are having is trying to use it on hardware, or software that is not compatible. Of course some of the existing hardware, and software does work with it, but what does not work is more apparent then what does not.I have experienced the change, when new operating systems don't work with everything that I am used to, but I found Vista to be very close to the XP look and feel, with the option to go to a classic mode which is even more like XP.A couple of supplemental hardware items you may want to consider; The LogitechLogitech diNovo Miniwhich is a great media center remote control, that is an actual mini keyboard. With the push of a single button you can toggle between keyboard, and media center remote control. With Blue Tooth technology, you can operate your media center up to 30 feet away.Another item that I am having a love affair with is theWilife DVS800I LukWerks Indoor Starter Kitthat enables me to set up cameras, and use my PC as a security system. That is another reason to use 2 Gig of ram. Try as I might, I realize that larger hardware capacities are here to stay as long as you plan on expanding into some of the new capabilities that are becoming commonplace in the PC platform.
Well, I have to say I really like Vista, but before I say anything else, I need to say this. If you want Vista, get a new computer. Don't use an old computer and expect Vista to work well with it. If you have to use it, get Windows Vista Upgrade Advisor to see what you need for your computer.Well, with that said, Vista works well for me. I love the new graphic user interface, because of the Aero effect when it makes the borders transparent. I like the fact that it asks me whether I want to install something, because sometimes I need to rethink whether I should install a program. I mainly had the problem of installing things I did not need to install and as result it ended up slowing my computer down in the long run.Well anyway, I use a laptop, so I really like the networking feature. It makes it more simple to find and connect to a wireless network. I also like the power plan feature for those times when I don't have my laptop plugged in. I can just pick a power plan that is appropriate for the time that I'll be unplugged to the wall. If I don't want to use too much power, I can set it to the lowest power plan setting. If I want to use the normal amount of power as if I was plugged in I can set it to that, too.So Windows Vista is great to me. It's just getting us ready for Windows 7. However, if you're a gamer, you may want to look at the game requirements for Vista, because you will more than likely need more processing speed and RAM.
The product arrived extremely fast. Friends in the know say my 1.5 GHz 1GB RAM system will not run Vista. Waiting for more hardware...
Overall the vista experience has been very pleasant as I upgraded my computer.If you are moving from XP/98, make sure that you do have the following:* Min 2 GB RAM* Your CPU is atleast a Intel Core Duo/Celeron with high clock speedI am currently running a Intel Core Duo with 2 GB and the performance is actually better than what I expected - there is a slight degradation of performance, but that is expected when you upgrade.What is the best thing I like about Vista ?- Great UI :  the windows looks is awesome, looks very stylish and cool- Media center : This is bundled only with the 'Home Premium' - so make sure that you go for it.  If you have a TV tuner card - you get some of these for less than $30, you can watch live TV on your computer.Infact, vista will get your cable provider details and downloads the information in a easy to use format - it display movie titles as DVD covers which makes it so easy to see what kind of movie you want to watch.  I really love this feature and this is one feature for which I would like to use vista.About SP1:SP1 is supposed to have fixed many security vulnerabilities:* Provides 3rd party anti-virus access to the APIsto be able to work on kernel patch protection in x64-bit Vista.* Decreases chances of of people hijacking vista traffic because it allows signed sessions for remote desktop (you might have used this if you were working for a big corporation) - if not never bother about this
I have been a Microsoft user since DOS days. Like most Microsoft customers, I have my love/hate relationship going on with the company and their products. Also like most Microsoft customers, I always reserve some skepticism for any new Microsoft product until the product has fully proven to me of its merits.When big M pushed out its major OS update, I didn't exactly jump on it. Especially with all the negative press, I didn't even plan to upgrade perhaps until the time I upgrade my computer system. With my participation in Vine program, however, I was able to test out the system, and here are my findings/opinions.First of all, Windows Vista is designed for the latest and greatest hardware configuration available. To fully benefit all the modernized UI bells and whistles, you need to set your expectations in a realistic manner: if you have a five-year old graphics card, &lt; 1GB of ram, and sub-P4 CPU, you can still use the OS, but you are better off disabling all the fancy eye candies in order to get acceptable performance. The particular computer which I have installed the Vista on has a dual XEON processor, 2GB of RAM, and a very decent ATI gaming graphics card. So I have the luxury of checking out all the highly-hyped UI eye candies. Let me just say, with sufficient HW, all these UI enhancements do indeed work as designed. While we are on the topic of UI, I must add that the UI, in general, has been overhauled. It is evident that MSFT has hired some professional industrial/graphics designers to work on the UI, a lot of UI inconveniences in Windows XP, which we have more or less taken for granted, are eliminated and improved. The new UI is more intuitive, prettier, and (with sufficient HW muscles) faster.A lot of the negative presses have been targeting the fact that the new OS is not compatible with many older devices and software. Being a software professional myself, I certainly understand the pain in maintaining backward compatibilities. In term of Windows, there have been THOUSANDS and THOUSANDS and THOUSANDS of devices and software accumulated over the years - many of which were not even written in a way that's compliant to Microsoft's 3rd development guidelines. In my opinion, if you want your OS to be fundamentally rearchitectured, you HAVE to sacrifice some backward compatibility. I feel Microsoft has done a decent job in this regard, out of all the software and peripherals that I have, the only thing that no longer worked after the OS upgrade is an extremely old Logitech webcam. I went to the Logitech website, and they do not have XP driver available for this device. My point is, customers need to be realistic about what an OS maker can do to make sure that devices and applications floating out there will work with the new version of an OS. Sometimes, it's simply impossible to maintain backward compatibility.In summary, I was well aware of the HW requirement for the new OS, and I expected certain incompatibilities with the OS upgrade. Even with these previous formed concerns, the new OS has proven to be decent in term of backward-compatibility and improved performance with the recommended HW configurations. So my recommendation is, if you are prepared to face some early-adopter pains and have the solid HW to back it up, then this OS is for you. Otherwise just stay with XP and wait until Vista has been fully adopted.
Usually, I live on the bleeding edge of technology, but after reading reviews that advised holding off on this one until you performed a hardware update, I held back. In retrospect that was very good advice. Those with older single core processors will not gain very much through an upgrade from Windows XP. That said, I have upgraded my system and brought its operating system up to date with Vista. There is a lot to the OS, and I cannot say that I have tested everything, but here are my observations, along with a couple of cautions to be aware of.My copy is on DVD, so there was no disk swapping, thank you Microsoft. Installation on a fresh hard drive was smooth; I opted for a 64-bit installation that caused certain problems, but nothing that a little money couldn't solve. Caution: it is possible that not all of your old plug and play devices or add-on cards will have 64-bit drivers available (I lost my Airlink wireless network card and my Haupage WinTV PVR card).Microsoft boasts of the upgraded security, but then I run a virus/intrusion suite anyway so I don't see much from this other than home network issues. Caution: sharing files between home network systems, while not impossible, will require that you jump through some new hoops. The graphics for the desktop have been upgraded and are indeed nice. Caution: one reason older systems should avoid the upgrade, better graphics comes with a cost in processor cycles.I have been working with Windows since its initial release and had gotten used to accessing many of its more advanced features. Caution: on Vista I am finding the need to relearn where everything is, from access to familiar items like the control panel to digging into the registry, almost to the point of buying a secrets of Vista book just to come back up to speed.Overall, my opinion of Vista is good, even if I do need to struggle with the above issues of replacing older hardware, reestablishing my home network and cresting the learning curve.P-)
COREL ULEAD VIDEO STUDIO is a digital movie editing software program which is easy to use. In addition to my personal use to product review it, by himself my twelve year old taught himself to use it to make YouTube videos from recordings of him playing video games and made title pages and subtitles.We wanted to use this product to create short movies for fun and to edit family home videos for better viewing experiences (cut out the garbage and to summarize). This product is fine for that use.We also can add text such as titles and textual information in the video.Our family is happy with this product and I rate this 5 stars = I Love It.
If you're looking for expert opinion - do not read another word.  I'm very far from an expert re computers and software (say as far as from Texas to the moon).  A really challenged computer person, I'm usuallyreluctant to try anything new or different.  It makes my day when I can log on and travel about, send and receive emails, and search.Nonetheless, I'm here to say that this worked for me.  I have nothing with which to compare it because this was my  first time to try any sort of  video enhancement or editing.  I used to envy all the folks who put up their videos on YouTube and never really dreamed that I'd be able to do it.  Granted, I did have a little help but after the initial lesson everything went smoothly.I like very much the ease with which we can share movies and pictures with relatives and friends on various devices.  Why, I can even do voices and add special effects.Who would have ever believed that I could do this?  Certainly not my husband!
I had been using Windows Movie Maker to publish videos on YouTube and other sites. While Movie Maker is essentially free and powerful enough to accomplish many of the general tasks needed to polish up a video clip, it lacks some features that are found in Corel Ulead 11.5 Plus.Corel Ulead Videostudio allows you to view samples of video effects in the thumbnails section, giving you a better way to sample the effects before you apply them as your transitions. The title and text boxes allow you to easily crop and move them around in the video. Microsoft's Movie Maker was extremely restrictive with placing text, or it was difficult to manipulate. With Ulead's Videostudio, the interface was extremely intuitive and easy to master. I was able to add background music, text, and transition effects within 5 minutes of installing the program. The number of formats available for exporting the final product is nothing short of impressive. Ulead offers H.264, WMV, MPEG-4, Blu Ray, HD DVD, DVD/VCD/SVCD/MPEG1/MPEG2, and HDV in 720p/1080i.The bonus disc includes a few extra programs such as WinDVD8 (DVD player) and MediaOne (photo editor). MediaOne is a very simple program and lacks too many features to make it a worthwhile replacement for Paint Shop or Photoshop. WinDVD8 is simple to use and works well for playing DVD movies on a PC.Pros:-Affordable-Powerful entry/intermediate level video editing-Works on slower PCs without any problems-Impressive number of export formats available-Large selection of filters/attributes to apply and edit for your clips-Almost full control over the exported file settingsCons:-There are some commands added to your registry that start up various applets during a fresh boot of the PC.-The installer asks if you want to install the Google toolbar in your browser.Overall, if you are looking for a better way to express your creativity and personality using the magic of audio/visual presentations and want to keep it within a decent budget, Corel's VideoStudio fits the bill.
I've had a love/hate relationship with Ulead products in the past when they were an independent company. The products were generally good, but usually had quirky interfaces and relatively poor documentation. I used to use their photo editing program, but finally gave up on it. It had lots of nice features - but, overall, the programs had a steeper learning curve than I felt was necessary.Corel purchased or merged with Ulead. I know that Corel had seen some hard times, but having recently tested their CorelDraw package, I knew their products were still pretty good. So I elected to test the Ulead VideoStudio 11.5 Plus.What a pleasant surprise. Ulead VideoStudio 11.5 Plus installed on an XP machine without a single hiccup. The user interface is aggressively simple and they even include a pretty decent printed user manual, though the type is small.The interface can be fairly described as intuitive and even the newest user will soon figure it out, particularly if they consult the online  help or manual.There are storyboard, timeline and audio views. This is not intended to be a heavy duty video editing program. Everything is designed to be as easy as possible and the designers have succeeded in reaching that goal. Chromakey, automatic editing and some other reasonably sophisticated features are available and don't require a knowledge of rocket science.VideoStudio accepts all the ordinary inputs and AVCHD, one of the first programs to do so. Multiple output formats are available, including to iPod (H.264) and YouTube.Overall, VideoStudio 11.5 Plus seems to be aimed at the video editor who needs enough power, but not so much that they have to surmount a steep learning curve. I found the program to be very stable under Windows XP. I performance and response were crisp.On the whole, this program is on a par with Adobe Premiere Elements for a lower price. Not a bad deal at all.Jerry
First, let me say I love Corel products - menus are intuitive, easy to load, easy to use. Corel Ulead VideoStudio was no exception.For under $100 (list price of $129, Amazon price is currently $59), please do not expect professional editing software. I found no problems whatsoever in my experiments, but I'm a complete novice in video editing, was not working with large files or Hi-Def.Most importantly, please note that a newer version of this software (Corel VideoStudio Pro X4) is available for the same price or less (list price of $99, Amazon price is currently $59).Nonetheless, I believe this version (11.5+) is still valid (works with Win XP/Vista/7). HOWEVER, Pro X4 has a LOT of new features I wish I could play with: stop motion tools, time-lapse effects, create/burn in Blue-Ray, add 3D (even includes glasses) ... so unless you find a deep discount on the old version, check out the new version first. (And, I hear rumors that a Pro X5 will be released soon).
Video editing and authoring is generally an expensive proposition, and while this program is not perfect or professional gradeCorel Ulead VideoStudio 11.5 Pluspacks a wallop of features for a VERY good price, at least compared to what this software has historically cost.The amount of export options has to be a big plus, and it includes the ability to easily format any video file or project for any of your mobile devices including your iPod, iPhone, Zune, PSP, etc.  That's a huge thing that many people are looking for.Some of the newer options like HD and BlueRay authoring aren't going to get wide use immediately, but they are must-haves for the growing HD crowd out there.Within Video Studio there are a few basic options.  The Movie Wizard is a quick and dirty import and export tool.  This is the easiest option to choose to convert, trim and condense video files.  There's also a bunch of templates included for standard transitions to add some openings, endings, fades and credits.  Once again, even with the Wizard alone you can really clean up some video files fast.You can even import them directly from you digital recorder, but I opt to save my files and import them afterwords.  I always like to have a backup seperate from what I'm working on, so this makes it easier for me to keep track of my import and export areas.In the full blown Video Studio tool you can open up video and audio files and add them to a project.  The benefit of that is that you can merge and splice your files and add custom transitions and graphics to really make your videos pop.  Once again, there's a lot of features here.  You really have to spend some time playing and exploring.Media One is kind of an extra, but it makes it easy to do some basic graphics and picture stuff to add to your videos.  Another extra is Intermedia DVD player, which is included on many OEM system software packages but didn't come with my box.  So that's a nice extra too.One positive thing is that there are a bunch of tutorials and help file documentats included on your extras disks.  There's also plenty of clips to play with and test your skills on.  If you haven't done video editing before that's probably the best place to start.Still, I think this program is user friendly enough to do basic things like import / export and conversions out of the box.  Since most people will want to start by collecting all their videos, that's a nice plus in terms of the usability.One con I have to note is that converting videos to certain formats seems to use pre-set frame rates that take some time to customize.  And it seems to convert some of these formats frame by frame, instead of using much faster file conversion techniques.  Behind the scenes it may be doing more, but for this price I don't really mind waiting a few minutes for my files to convert.I also own the Pinnacle software that comes with their integrated hardware offering,Pinnacle Studio MovieBox Ultimate,Studio Ultimate Version 12.  While there are more basic versions of the software that are closer in price to this guy, I find that the Corel Ulead software is more stable overall.Don't get me wrong, the Movie-box ultimate package is a great value because it includes the hardware interface.  If you don't have all the connectors you need, that might be a good alternative.  But if you just compare software to software, Corel Ulead stacks up well against Pinnacle Studio Ultimate.Truth be told, for this price I have to forgive the other minor cons I noted.  That includes mainly that the menu and icon graphics aren't the snazziest.  Still, compared to Apple's Built-in editor and Windows built-in movie editor (from Vista Ultimate) this guy includes more formats and features right out of the box.  And once again, for what you get this is really a great value in software.Definitely check this out.  The Corel site has some clips and information to get you more used to the kinds of things you can produce.Enjoy!!!
When I first received this program I was a little bit intimidated to use it. I had used free slideshow software in the past to create product slideshows for clients, and was happy enough with the results. Had this product been available back then, I would have been thrilled.When I first installed this software, I was not entirely confident in using it, but since my teenage son often makes youtube videos of his garage band to share with the world, I put him to task learning this software.By the next morning he quickly and easily tutored me in how to create slideshows, use the templates, add in my own music tracks, add text, and burn CD's. Yes, all of that in about 10 minutes.Once I started using this software I found it to be a breeze to learn and easy to use. The wizard function walked me through easy tasks giving me the confidence to try out some of the more advanced features. I was able to take about two dozen short video clips of my daughter doing her happy dance at Disney and turn them into a fun video complete with her favorite music.When creating slideshows, the templates will pan and zoom your photos making them look like short videos, and it's easy to edit the amount of pictures to fit a song length perfectly.What I like most about this software is it is so flexible and supportive that it has room for me to grow. It supports many camera phones, it burns high def and blue ray discs as well as standard dvds, it uploads directly to youtube.My son also wants to try out the Dolby Digital 5.1 surround sound features, and even though I can't comment on how well that feature works, I like the fact that this very affordable program includes features like this to grow with us.My next project is I'm going to chronologically organize my families Christmas pictures and set them to holiday songs. I felt the template themes were a bit light. The only obvious themes were school play, wedding, baby, and vacation. It would have been nice to see holiday themes such as Fourth of July, Christmas, Graduation, and Thanksgiving, for example.I also plan on filming many of my children's school plays and concerts and producing free/cheap DVD's for the school rather than hiring that service out as we have in the past. From what I can tell, my videos already look better than what the other company has produced for us at a great cost.
Video editing is something new for me.  I only recently purchased a videocam so I can write only from recent experience and only about this product as opposed to comparing it to other editing programs.Loading the software went smoothly, although it seemed to take longer than average to install. Once installed everything worked properly, though.The software comes with a 168-page user's guide that covers the various features and tasks of the software.  While the print is rather small, the guide is easy to follow and to the point as it leads the user through the necessary steps.I did a simple task, taking a video file of a piano recital, adding chapters and burning it to DVD. Everything worked as it should, and the software comes with various templates that made the process easier. I also originally added some subtitles to the file but removed them in order to keep things as simple as possible. It was very easy to add and remove them.  Everything works on layers progressing on a timeline as you mix and add things, making it pretty easy to produce a decent video. For an amateur like me, this product has more than enough features for my needs and I am eager to explore and experiment with them.For the money, this is a nicely-designed product that is pretty easy to use and comes with all the features most "amateurs" will need. I am very happy to have received this as an Amazon Vine sample but I would not hesitate in purchasing it or recommending it to others. It's worth the money.
Video editing is one of those tasks I'd like to get better at but have never gotten around to actually getting better at.  My experiences in this have been enduring constant frustration with Liquid Edition 6 and then some video editing solace with Sony Vegas.  With my recent upgrade to Windows Vista I not only was one of the few absolutely delighted with the switch I also found a nice, extremely user-friendly video editing program in the new Windows Movie Maker.  Of course, Windows Movie Maker is also rather limited.  What it does it does well. But if a person wants to go beyond that they had to take a rather big leap to the next levels of programs.With Corel Ulead VideoStudio I find an amazing progression from absolutely basic/entry level to highly functional and flexible.  Again and again recently I have found Corel to be the master of designing programs that are both highly capable and highly oriented towards the user experience.  Meaning their programs do a lot and are always surprising how easy they are to pick up and use.  This video software is no exception. It has the user friendliness of Windows Movie Maker with substantially more capability and options.The learning curve is very slight.  Not because everything can be picked up quick but rather because Corel has approached this program understanding that not everyone can spend the hours and hours learning about software before getting to a real project.  Instead, they have built in different modes of working.  From the really basic Wizard that is a lot like movie maker to a more robust editing context that allows for a whole lot of creativity.And within that more expansive creativity they have made for a very wonderful ease of use, with the layout and the functions quite easily recognizable and quite easily applied. The arcane qualities of most video software are pushed aside for very clear, very obvious tools.At each step I found myself easing my way into more and more knowledge.  And that's another quality I've noticed with Corel. The software itself is a teacher in a way.  And not a boring one. Rather, unlike so much headache inducing software (Liquid Edition) this Corel was actually fun. Again the emphasis on the user came out.No this is not as robust as some other programs.  But it is also significantly less expensive and significantly less resource demanding. I used it on my high quality Dell XPS 710 quad processor, 4GB, up to date video card, Windows Vista desktop (noticing it was faster than other video programs). Of course it worked well on that.  I also used it on my Dell e1405 XP laptop, bought for battery life, that has no video card, sound card, and only 1GB of memory.  It didn't run as fast, of course, but it still worked great. Surprisingly great.I'm absolutely pleased with VideoStudio and will be heartily recommending it to friends and family. I've not gotten even to the full extent of learning this program--I'm excited about applying Flash to future video projects--and yet I don't feel like I'm missing anything.This is an ideal mid-level video software meant for people who want to step up in their production but don't want to, or need to, invest in the higher level programs. It's very user friendly, very processor/memory friendly, while offering a wonderful progression of capability for any level user--whether the absolute beginner or the master wanting to do something quick and without bother.Love this and look forward to a lot more video work in coming months and years.  Corel has made it actually fun.  And that is a huge thing for those of us who don't particularly love sitting in front of the computer all the time.
This program is still the best program on the market for amateurs and other levels of the everyday user and maybe even a few `pro-sumers' like me. If you're a parent and your goal is to just very simply create some nice looking home movies to burn on DVD and distribute to other family members or even upload directly to Youtube (which is a very nice feature), then Ulead Video Studio is looking like the best program out there for doing so. It's also, by far, the easiest to use and understand while not forfeiting presentation quality and features doing so. The learning curve on this is very fast and dedicating a mere ten minutes to the manual will yield pretty impressive results.Some folks might think that you'll have to invest thousands of dollars on a new Mac so you can have a new version of iLife and do all this without having an intimate knowledge of video editing or processing, but this really is a much better and a much cheaper alternative. While buying a Mac is always a cool prospect, you may not have to do that just yet.The only drawback I could find was in using the built-in `Movie Wizard' which is a bit restrictive, even though it's `drag and drop'. Creating movies this way, renders your footage faster and gives you a much grainer, or lower resolution end result. If you can avoid using this feature, I would, as having the ability to fully control the output settings is an absolute must.
I'll admit that I had my apprehensions about this product after reading some negative reviews claiming that it doesn't work with Vista.No problem whatsoever here. The features are truly eye-popping, including such cool stuff as changing aspects, output, colors and audio qualities. You can even speed up and slow down voices.I would give this product my unqualified highest rating. Well done!
Added this to my HP with Vista and it makes my DVDs come alive.  Even though I have a standard dvd drive in my box, I still found the dvd to have more punch to it over windvd 8 that came preinstalled on my pc.
I installed WinDVD 9 Plus on a computer running Windows XP SP 2. The screen has 1920 x 1200 resolution. WinDVD 9 installed without problems.Probably the strongest benefit this package provides is the number of media formats it will play: DVD-Video, DivX, RealPlayer, QuickTime, Windows Media, AVI, H.264 and MPEG-2 HD Transport Stream (M2T). Additionally, WinDVD supports AVCHD, Blu-Ray from Hitachi camcorders, HDV video, recordable HD DVD or Blu-ray media such as HD DVD-R, BD-R and RE discs and HD-Rec discs (HD DVD video recorded on standard DVD media). One can certainly call that versatility. (By the way, you need to have QuickTime and RealPlayer installed to play those formats.)I was unable to test any  of the Blu-Ray formats or the AVCHD.I did test DVD-Video, DivX, RealPlayer, QuickTime, Windows Media, AVI, H.264 and MPEG-2 video - and all these formats worked well, which is surprising since so many programs overstate their capabilities. With regard to these media formats, Corel's claims are accurate.One Corel claim, however, left me scratching my head: WinDVD will "convert standard DVDs to crisp high-definition video with outstanding color and clarity". Frankly I was unable to see a differene in playback from standard commercial DVDs. Perhaps a more discerning viewer might see a difference because of WinDVD 9. I did not.The User Interface is simple and uncluttered, which is nice.Operation was smooth and I haven't encountered any crashes yet.Overall, I think WinDVD 9 is very capable and versatile video playback software. In my eyes, its most impressive feature is the number of video formats it will play - that is really a very cool feature. I am also impressed with WinDVD's stability so far. In the past, I've sometimes encountered difficulties with video playback software. So far, WinDVD has been very well behaved.Jerry
I installed Corel WinDVD 9 Plus on my Sony VAIO VGN-N395E laptop (a complete description of which can be found here at Amazon), and it installed without any problems at all. I imagine that I might have had a problem had I failed to read and heed the information on a card that was in the WinDVD box that begins, "IMPORTANT: Please read before installing Corel WinDVD 9." The bottom line is that if you have a newer version of RealPlayer 6.0 and/or Quicktime 7.1, you need to deselect these players when prompted to install them during the installation process. Failure to do so, the card says, may result in error messages.Because several other reviewers had problems installing WinDVD 9 I was extra cautious about installing it. I did my best to check that my laptop met the minimum requirements for the software, and as far as I could tell, it did.My laptop's DVD drive does not play Blue-Ray DVDs, so I cannot take advantage of WinDVD's Blue-Ray capability. I am nevertheless very pleased with how WinDVD handles playback of regular DVDs. The laptop came with Window Media Center as part of Vista Home Premium. WMC is capable of playing regular and HD DVDs, but visually there is no comparison between a regular DVD played using WinDVD and a DVD played using WMC.To test the DVD playing capabilities of WinDVD and to compare it with WMC I used Notes on a Scandal and Disk 2 of Dexter Season 2. Given a choice between watching a DVD on my laptop using WMC and watching a DVD on my fat-as-opposed-to-flat-screen Toshiba TV, I'll choose the TV. But with WinDVD the clarity of both images and sound not only makes what I get with WMC pale by comparison, it is better, though a lot smaller, than the image quality on my TV.WinDVD allows you to use something called All2HD technology to give regular DVDs "high definition playback on your PC." Using a 1-10 scale, I would say that DVDs viewed on my laptop with WMC are at a quality of 5, DVDs viewed using WinDVD without the All2HD technology are a 7, and with the All2HD technology tweaked just right, the quality is a 9. (I found that moving the All2HD setting to the maximum level resulted in images that were overly "sharp" and unnatural looking, whereas setting the level just a little above the level for regular DVD playback resulted in a sharper image that made the regular, non-All2HD setting look dull by comparison.)The only problem I have encountered using WinDVD is that sometimes after restarting a DVD that I've paused, I see some feint but noticeable horizontal lines flickering on the screen. I've found that pausing the DVD again and restarting it right away seems to make these lines go away. Otherwise they go away by themselves after a couple of minutes. Wondering why this happened I consulted the troubleshooting section of the WinDVD manual, and the only information I found that might be applicable had to do with "the DMA setting of your DVD drive." I followed the instructions in the manual to check this, but the instructions did not apply to how things appear on my laptop. I then searched for "DMA" in the Windows Help and Support feature on my laptop. I learned that DMA stands for Direct Memory Access, and by following the instructions I was able to confirm that DMA was turned on for my laptop's DVD player, and according to the WinDVD manual, this is as it should be.As I write this review, Corel offers trial versions of WinDVD 9 Plus at their website, and I would think that anyone who is considering this software would want to try it before buying it. I got the software as part of Amazon's Vine review program, but would I buy it, and how much would I pay? In the past I've considered buying a standalone portable DVD player, but I wear reading glasses for close up viewing and the screens on the portables are too small. The Vaio screen is 15.25 inches on the diagonal, which is okay for me for watching DVDs. If I did not have WinDVD on my laptop, I doubt if I would watch many DVDs on it, mainly because the image quality is relatively poor. With WinDVD on it, I think I will watch a lot of DVDs on it. So how much I'd be willing to pay for WinDVD would have to do with how badly I wanted to use my laptop as a good quality DVD player. Would it be worth $99 to me? It would, but I try to avoid paying full retail for stuff, so I would prefer to pay $79 or less.
I got this software in the hopes that it would help my PC play movies (and home movies) better.  I bought a nice Sony monitor for my HP media system but I am still looking for improvement.  I figured I would give this software a try to see if it lived up to its advertising.  Verdict - it does!First off, it was a breeze to install on my Windows XP.  No complications.  Secondly, it plays nice with my existing software.  It didn't attempt to crowd out existing media software.  I hate it when software refuses to allow any other comparible software on your computer for it to work properly.As to the quality provided by this software - excellent!  It allows for both HD and Blu-Ray discs as well as exotic formats that my existing software would not play, all at a crisper and higher resolution (this will also depend on the quality of your monitor).  I find the most change in my home movies.  The images are sharper and the anti-blur technology actually works.  The audio enhancement is a nice feature too!I would recommend this software for an enhanced visual and audio experience.  Is it necessary?  No.  The difference was not monumental but noteable.
I have to admit, I was not expecting much out of this.  I feared the worse, such as error messages and my system freezing, etc... yes, I am a pessimist.  But, I am quite surprised and pleased.First of all, it plays anything.  I was thinking this was disc only, but will support most every file format and can possibly replace any other media player you have enough to remove it... giving you more space.Obviously the appeal to this version is the ability to play "Blu-Ray".  But, I have to say, normal DVDs look a heck of a lot better and clearer.  Everything looks better.  You have better control of contrast, color etc.  It really turns your computer into a great media-center.I decided to dig up discs that just would not play on my laptop, and whatever this software did, I have no idea, but I can now run anything.  So this actually resolves issues, and did not create them... that's a first!There is no learning curve here, and you can buy without having to worry about anything technical.  Just install it, and when you play your media, you will have full control of what you are doing or watching.I am thinking the list price is a bit much.  I would say about half the LIST price would be a good deal.  So it's about 4.5 stars.  But based on my personal result, it's worth 5.  If it's at least 25% off list, I would say it's a good buy.
First off, let me just say that I don't own a Blu-ray player and my review is based on DVD's only. Most of the review, however, will most likely apply to Blu-Ray as well.>> Video EnhancementsHere are just some highlights:- De-snow, De-block, and up-sampling:De-block reduces pixelation and up-sampling is a filter that fills in extra pixels to improve picture quality. I am unable to see an appreciable improvement in the picture quality of the DVD's with these enhancements turned on. The De-snow option, however, significantly reduced video noise and dramatically improved picture quality on some of the DVD's I played.- Trimension All2HD:Enabling this option helps convert standard videos into "high-definition". The improvements are definitely noticeable - Trimension All2HD reduces noise and makes the picture more crisp. However don't expect the picture quality to be "just like HD." There is even a split screen (or Demo) option where the left side of the screen has Trimension All2HD enabled and the right side doesn't so you're able to see the difference between them.Here's a caveat - Trimension All2HD is CPU-intensive, so if you have a slower computer, it may slow the other programs running on your computer.>> Color AdjustmentsIt goes without saying the WinDVD comes with the standard adjustsments such as Brightness, Contrast, Hue, Color, and Gamma correction. Apart from the Brightness, the colors look great on my player with the color adjustments left at their default values.>> Audio Enhancements- Virtual Surround Sound:If you don't have surround sound speakers, you're in luck. WinDVD uses the patented SRS TruSurround XT technology, which takes 5.1 or 6.1 multichannel content and virtualizes the channels for output to 2 speakers. The result is an immersive audio experience - impressive and the best virtual surround sound I've ever heard coming from 2 speakers!>> User InterfaceThe user interface is a pleasure to use. I've read complaints that the controls are not intuitive - I don't understand why - but for me I was thrilled at how quick and easy it was to control the application:- Click once anywhere on the screen and the menu bar and play controls show up. Click again to hide them.- Double-click to go into full-screen mode. Double-click again to restore.- Right-click for a popup menu for some quick options like play, stop, repeat, forward, and most of the controls you'll need to navigate through your video.- Audio/Picture enhancements and all other options come up in a window overlaid on the video. You can make adjustments (Trimension All2HD, De-snow, color, etc.) on the fly (dynamically) while still being able to navigate your video (pause, play, fast-forward, etc.) unlike some applications where you have to dismiss the windows before being able to access the video controls.>> UsabilityMy biggest complaint about usability is the application can be sluggish at times particularly when Trimension All2HD, SRS TruSurround XT, and other CPU-intensive options are turned on. On my 2.5 GHz computer, WinDVD can take a couple of minutes to respond to mouse-clicks while it changes the mouse pointer into an "hour glass." Even though the video playback is smooth, it can become out of sync with the audio at this time. However, once the options are fully enabled, video playback returns to its full functioning capacity.Overall, despite some issues with the application being sluggish at times, I'm very impressed with the Video/Audio quality. Plus, WinDVD gets high marks for its very user-friendly interface. I was especially blown away by the virtual surround sound feature. So to wrap it up, WinDVD has my vote on being one of the best players!
Reading all the reviews for this program, I was concerned that I'd gotten more problems than solutions. Now I've put those concerns to rest.  This little program is a gem, at least on my laptop!Installation was smooth and quick.  No problems at all.And the results?  Spectacular. The clarity of my videos has improved greatly.  I used some of the controls for enhancements, but even before that, the picture was much improved compared to the picture produced by my old video program. Audio is good and will be even better when I hook the laptop up to my stand-alone speakers.I have yet to receive my blu-ray player, but I see no reason why the play won't be as good or better than what I'm getting now.  This is a great little program.Don't be discouraged by a few negative reviews.  If this program works on your computer (mine runs WindowsXP and has 2 GB memory), you could see a much improved video and audio output. I highly recommend WinDVD9.
WinDVD has been a standard player for a number of years.The bonus with these previous players, was that the memory footprint was small, and the use of all of the computer resources was not as great. Along comes WinDVD 8 Silver and sets the tone for a new capability in the family.You can now watch the DVD on the PC, manipulate the audio, and make screen snaps, both stills and moving ( Great for reviewers, and fans who want to send off a memo to a fellow fan on their latest purchase), as well as the tools to manipulate the captured stills.With WinDVD 9, we now have a moreactive format of this must have software that handles multiple disk types and formats in the process. The audio capabilities are now out of this world. I had previously used several little freebie add-ins to boost my audio on DVDs that were either 2.1 or had faulty mastering, now you can do the push through on WinDVD 9.THE VIDEO AUGMENT with the software is better than anything short of re-editing it to your own specifications.It either fixes on the fly, or you can set it do repairs or changes as you want it to. A word of caution, you better have a seriously good machine to put this on, I don't mean just the Motherboard. Get the Best Video Card you can afford, and the best audio ( preferably one which also has DTS ), but take a quick look at the WinDVD 9 specs, because your machine will need the power more than some standard players; however, if you have a 30 inch or more widescreen PC Monitor, be prepared to be severely happy.
Having been a longtime user of WinDVD in its earlier versions, and long before Corel bought them, I was glad to come across this product as I badly needed to replace my 2002 version that I was still running.I installed this on a relatively new version of Windows Vista Home Premium SP1 and experienced absolutely no problems at all. Just a word to those installing this program though for the first time. This program forces you to add the dashes ( - ) when you're inputting the serial code to authenticate the installation. In all the years of inputting serial codes, this must be the first time I had to put in the dashes. After it errored out several times and I kept checking it, I scratched my head in wild wonder until it occurred to me to make the adjustment.You also have the choice to install Quicktime, which most people should already have and Real Player. In the old days Real Player was the absolute last thing that you would want to put on windows as it had a nasty habit of corrupting the registry. These days, it plays nice and gets along well in the classroom with others. I've used Real Player without any issues for the last two years.Even though this program advertises clearly on the box that it's for Blu-ray, you do not have to have a Blu-Ray player to install and use it. One of the benefits of the program is that it has some of the best 1080i upsampling capabilities of any program currently on the market for the same money.Out of curiosity I was able to watch several movies that were graphically superior with the program. I watchedThe Prestige,Blade Runner - The Final Cut,Casablanca(a must see in high def) andHarold and Maude(a real "film" with film qualities and drawbacks and a good test DVD to check out all the cool features offered. The All2HD feature on Casablanca does an incredible job with the blacks and multi-gray tones. But I don't recommend it for older color films that haven't yet been restored as the program works overtime trying to really make it "pop", which causes repetitive video lagging. In these cases I recommend:In Enhance Video: Cinema Enhancement - Upsampling - Sharpness.If you check these boxes, you'll see a fantastic image without the interference of lag. The audio enhancements are also interesting, but limited depending on the system that your using or connected to.  I didn't do anything greater than the default settings as adjusting the audio just caused the sound to seem artificial. These settings are more for home movies or lower-budget films that could benefit from such tampering.This is a fantastic program and from what I can see, and the best program to have on your PC to watch movies with.The screen cap feature is also easy to use and produces nice quality caps for those that run websites dedicated to just such a thing. I placed two up in the photo section. No, that's not me holding that newborn.I guesssince I mentioned this, I might as well put in a link just in case you weren't aware.
As an analyst I tend to take things apart and be critical of even the smallest things.  Before I began looking at this product I read all the reviews to see if I could reproduce any of the problems others had encountered.  None of the problems in other reviews manifested themselves.  I am running a Dell system with Vista Ultimate, 4G of Ram, a 500GB HD and two LCD displays.  One of the displays is HD and the other is not.  I tested all features on both screens.The application installed without a hitch.  I did screen shots of each of the install screens, all feature menus and parts of some of the movies I viewed.  The problem I found was that the screen shots of the movies were not as high quality as what I was seeing on screen so they were of little use.  I found that the menu items were very intuitive and provided very nice options.  I do not have a BluRay DVD drive so I was unable to test that aspect of the application.  Once I get a BluRay drive I will post an evaluation of that feature.  However I do have a BluRay DVD player on my LCD flat panel TV and tried to compare the output of the computer/WinDVD to the TV.  The WinDVD produced a very high quality result and the interface was far better and faster than what Media Player produced.  All in all I found this product to be high quality, stable (it did not crash, skip or lockup) and delivers what it claims.Addendum:  I have used the product for a while now and really love it.  I have two flat screens a 22in non high def and a 24 inch HD so I have compared the output and done some other analysis and found the quality of the product to be first rate,  The only problem I have had is when I am dragging the window from one screen to another it sometimes crashes the app.  All that being said these things are probably machine based rather than software based.ADDENDUM 2:  I recently switched to Windows 7 and this product installed and worked well.  It plays Blu-ray disks much better than Power DVD which was already on my system.  ONe note.  It appears that this application looks to find out if your displays can display 1080p and if it doesn't see it then it skips a bit.  Once I set my displays to HD 1080P it worked great.
I am not someone who watches many DVDs on my computer (that's what my LCD is for). Currently I have Nero 8 on my PC (Dell 710 XPS H2C with dual 768mb graphics cards) and I have only been mildly pleased with it.  The video quality never seemed very good (comparing to my LCD TV).I was anxious to see what WinDVD would be like. Well, installation was smooth.  Everything installed nicely.  Upon completion I popped in a couple of DVDs and ran them through Nero and WinDVD.  At best I was expecting them to be the same; I was in for a pleasent surprise.  There was a definite improvement in the video quality with WinDVD, everything looked sharper.I was having a problem with Nero not playing menu systems back properly.  Many times the menus would have nasty green lines in them.  This did not happen with WinDVD.WinDVD is simple to use.  The controls are straight forward.  Using WinDVD was nothing but a pleasure and I would highly recommend it to everyone.
I watch a lot of movies on my laptop usually as a second TV/dvd player in my bedroom and also when I travel on flights.Here are a few key things which I would look for in a software DVD/blueray player:(1) Crisp video & sound qualityThe video quality is excellent, I've installed WinDVD on a 15" XP and a 17" Vista laptop - the video quality is superb.  I have not tested 5.1 or 7.1 audio, but as per the specs WindDVD plus support various Dolby formats - I should will be able to make use of this once I get myself a 5.1 logitech speakers !I currently have a 2.1 speakers and the audio quality is excellent.(2) Ability to play multiple codecs & formatsIf you just play your movies out of DVD/blueray discs - skip this section.  Most of the commercial movies gets distributed as DVD/BlueRay, but however on the internet there are many different types of codecs (compression) and video formats - try to download any video from a torrent or any internet site and there is a 75% chance that you may not be able to play it on your windows media player or any of the freeware available in the market.  For videos downloaded from the internet - you will have to typically download additional codecs from some unknown/unrated 3rd party sites and view the videos.  (ofcourse unless you have windvd)Also if you have a digital camera - some of these record video in .mov format which your windows media player will not be able to play - you may have to download Apple quicktime.With WinDVD - you have support for almost all the popular formats and codecs - I tested playing videoes in multiple formats and it plays flawlesslyI find this to be most useful feature in WinDVD Plus.(3) Smooth and reliable playback:I've used DivX player till I got this one, it is a nice player - but it has one annoying problem - the DivXplayer skips playing certain sections of the video on a random basis - I face this problem regularly since I play a yoga DVD and DivX randomly skips certain portions of the video, since I have done this yoga many times over, I know that it has skipped and play it back.WinDVD plays flawless video - no jerky video, skips.(4) Ability to control volume/pause on a regular basis:WinDVD has some cool buttons for pause on and volume control, the pause button is big and easy to click whenever we want to pause and take a break.Apart from all these WinDVD plus comes with a lot of other nice stuff- Easy to install - takes hardly a few minutes to install and get it running- Timestretch - Lets you adjust playback time without affecting audio quality- video enhancing - not many players have this, definitely not your hardware players.  I could not make out any noticable differences since I have high quality video files, but if you have snowy videos, it can make it look and feel better
To my surprise, I have discovered that WordPerfect is NOT dead!  It can only get better from that antiquated software of the early 90s, and Microsoft blew them away.  But, I guess there is reincarnation!I like the program, and what I like is that one can open this to be strictly WordPerfect style OR, get this...you can have it open this in a Microsoft Word mode.  Excellent option!  And when I become more acquainted, I may choose the WordPerfect mode.But I can't help but think that these software programs should create simple, easier to use, usable programs.  The average user will never get to some sections.  And why would we need the  And you need to purchase the impressive Corel Visual Intelligence, which is mainly geared for businesses.The WordPerfect Lighting for creating notes seems redundant to a Word doc, and I see this program as unnecessary, not extremely beneficial.  For a busy Word professional, I'm quite sure it can be helpful, or if you have nothing better to do, go for it.There are many neat features in WordPerfect, so many that one needs to experiment with and compare to Microsoft Word.  Excel too, has some great benefits and features that you have not seen in Word, and with time, you will learn them.If you want to incorporate your email setup to the WordPerfect email, you have that option.You can learn a lot from this WordPerfect program, unfortunately, the average user doesn't have a whole lot of time for learning more software, new software, or complicated software.  But all in all, this is NICE !!.....Rizzo
I've been a WordPerfect user since the days of DOS. I've tried other programs but WP always has been the best choice for the type of documents I write (research reports with lots and lots of graphics, tables, charts, etc.). So I can't claim this is a unbiased review since I knew before I opened the box that I would like the program.So, the main thrust of this review is to answer the question "If you're a WP user, is this a worthy upgrade?" Short answer: absolutly!I've been using WP 12 for quite some time. I tried X3 when it came out, but while some of the new features were nice, it didn't seen ready for prime time. The PDF editing in particular - that was the main feature I was looking forward to, but it was very hit and miss in execution. Nothing else really distinguished X3 from v12, so I stayed with what I knew.X4, however, is a different story. The PDF capabilities have been clearly improved in X4. No, it's still not perfect and probably never will be. A complex PDF with lots of graphics will cause it to gag, but basic PDFs read in and out without a hitch. Can't tell you how much time that saves me!The platform itself seems a lot more stable than X3 -- occasional crashes was the main reason I went back to v12, which has been rock steady for me. So far, X4 is running as well as v12 and appears a bit more speedy on complex tasks such as huge merges and sorts.Bottom line -- if you're using v12 or before, this is an excellent upgrade and one you'll be very happy you made. It's a bit less certain if you're an X3 user -- if you find it stable, and are happy with its PDF capabilities, then you won't see much change going to X4. If, however, you find X3 unstable or need a more robust PDF environment, X4 is worth the upgrade cost.
This is a very good program and I feel it can replace word, it has the funcionality of word plus some extra cutomization, it is easy to use, I think a little easier than word is. Built in PDF functions, supports word documents, you can select a block of text and instantly resize it to fit a specified number of pages, come with templates, clipart, fonts. Look out word you have some stiff competition here.
This package offers so many functions and fun nine hundred Clipart Images, seventy five + templates, allowing you endless options and creative function.Installation was under thirty minutes.An e-mail address and toll free number are provided for additional help.I had no difficulty with it and I did watch the tutorial provided, which was also very helpful.I am very happy and satisfied with this product and would recommend it in a heartbeat.
WordPerfect was my gold standard, way before Microsoft Word, which I ended up using because it was the standard at work.This word processor does not hang up my computer like Word does, and it will process PDF files, which is pretty awesome. All in all, I prefer it to Word, and since you can go between formats, no need to use Word if you don't want to.There are some intriguing online services that come with WordPerfect:WordPerfect Lightning - Web-connected digital notebookwhere you can compile information from the Web, email and other documentsOpen and view PDFs, WordPerfect and Microsoft Word files (viewer)200 MB online storage account is included.Supports older file formats, including out-of-date Word that Word won't support (cool if you have some very antique files.) You can configure the program to emulate Word keystrokes you are familiar with.All in all, affordably priced and full of great features. Big thumbs up.
I have to confess: I'm now a pure Mac user. But since I had already received this product, and Amazon really encourages us Vine Reviewers to post reviews, I contacted a friend who has this, too, and asked him to type something up. Above is his title and star rating; here is his review:Is this new WP worth it? Yes! I liked X3 OK, but this blows that away. I especially liked that it hardly crashes, and that the PDF features are so much improved. Compared to Microsoft Office, it's easier to use and much faster. I also liked the training CD. If you're familiar with Mac products, think of this as the PC world's version of iWork.
First (and most importantly) I must point out that WordPerfect Office X5 is available for about the same price. Currently, you can find new copies of both X4 or X5 for under $40.So I obviously recommend getting the newer edition for the same. But I have not tested X5, so here are my comments on X4:I have always loved WordPerfect, and as expected I love X4. For almost 2 decades now, WordPerfect has earned a well-deserved reputation for excellence, and in my opinion it's much better than Microsoft Word or putting together a quick Word document.I also strongly recommend Open Office, an open source, completely free office suite. I've used Open Office almost exclusively for the past 5 years, and it's great for "light" word processing, and it's spreadsheet is more than adequate. However, if you are a heavy user, need templates like label templates (Open Office is not great at this), or need somewhat sophisticated word processing functions (like image integration), WordPefect is hands-down the best in my opinion.Additionally, WordPerfect opens any PDF into Word Perfect. It saves in just about any format (including .docx). Others have touted the optical character recognition (OCR) feature, which can convert a scan to text. This in itself is actually not a big deal - almost every scanner has bundled software that can do this. But having it build into the word processor means you can take a JPG image (such as a scanned receipt) & convert it back into text.If you already have X4, I doubt that I would actually recommend upgrading to X5 - I don't plan on it. But if you're looking for a new word processor, I would suggest checking out X5. As for X4, I give it an easy 5-stars.
A better-priced solution to Microsoft mania!!! Anything the "Suite" can do is here, easy and loaded with just EXCELLENT tutorial help!Can't help but keeping this simple: it blew us away at home. We needed tutorial support. Well, all packed in and respectfully easier to use.Wordperfect's database is perfect. Wordperfect's word processing app is perfect. It supports PDFs, great presentations and mail as well. Every bell and whistle we were looking at from Microsoft, not to bash 'em but well, is here and more expansive and at a better price. Works SEAMLESSLY with Word freaks! You'll just look so much smarter!
I have been using Microsoft Office Word for two years and this program blows them off the map. I don't want to list all the items this program offers, but I do want to show examples, which I think would be more helpful.  This program will work with any other document program you have and enables `cross-platforms' which means it will work in MAC or PC.WordPerfect X4 has four modes:  WordPerfect Mode, Microsoft Word Mode, WordPerfect Classic Mode (5.1) and Microsoft Legal Mode.  You can choose whatever format style you are already comfortable with.  You can also open any PDF (.pdf) file you want and manipulate it in any fashion.The "Perfect Expert" feature allows you to work in any specific format (business cards, visual elements, graphics, tables, etc.).  The big plus with this program is the "reveal codes" button, which enables you to `split the screen' and change anything in your document by clicking on a `reveal code' item.  It's fast and easy and you can see the results immediately without having to save it first.  I really like using `reveal codes'.I used WordPerfect X4 to edit a document for my SCUBA club.  I could change the photos layout, fonts, size, colors, etc.  It looks great and now I can present a trip to my club that I want to organize and make it look snappy.Quattro Pro X4 is a little more outside of my comfort zone, but I was able to enter information from my "Quicken" ('the long way' to organize and print out what I have spent money on - groceries, doctor, recreation, etc.)  It totals and adds items easily.  I don't think I will use this a great deal, but it looks like anyone who is familiar with spreadsheets will really enjoy it.Corel Visual Intelligence SE was another program that I doubt I will use regularly, but I could see where I could easily create charts, graphs and `pie-charts' to represent what I spent my money on.  Again, this also is easily manipulated by using the drop-down tools or `reveal codes'.I really like Presentation X4.  This is where I could actually take photos, graphics and text and create a `slide show' in the PowerPoint fashion which is really powerful.  I am still working on this with SCUBA shots and graphics to present my proposed trip to my club. Windows has a similar program and this is just as easy.WordPerfect Mail is a good tool, but I am so comfortable using Outlook Express, that I eliminated this shortcut as I just want to be comfortable with what I already know and use.  But from the looks of it, it seems to have all the regular features any Email program has.The second CD has an enormous amount of Clip Art, Fonts and Icons - there are literally thousands of them and you can find anything you want for any type of graphic use you need.  It's like an encyclopedia of graphics.What really impressed me with this entire program was the tutorial.  If you sit down and devote a couple of hours to seeing what WordPerfect X4 has to offer, you'll really appreciate all of it.  It's easy and slow enough to fully understand.  You can also fast forward or rewind back through any episode.The final clincher for me was when I had serious trouble installing the program for the start.  It seems my Windows Vista was fine but was missing one little .dll file for some reason.  It was a rare case.  Corel Support was emailing me back and forth with suggestions and then got on the phone with me for 30 minutes until it was resolved.  They were great - no waiting and no `press button menus'.  My problem was as simple as missing one little .dll file and they solved it.  They said no other problem like mine had surfaced before.  I'm a happy camper and can see that I'll use this program in more ways than what I have so far.  I feel like I just scratched the surface.
Many marvel at the longevity of WordPerfect but the truth is, it was always ahead of its time. Having begun my word processing life with the classic "blue screen" of WordPerfect 5.1, it quickly outpaced the competition.When Microsoft Word came on the scene however, WordPerfect began to suffer. It was true that Word 97 was actually easier to use than its WordPerfect counterpart. Many concluded that WordPerfect was on its way out.So how did it manage to hang on? Lawyers. While it may seem that the entire world was using Microsoft Word, the vast majority of law firms used WordPerfect - all the legal secretaries were trained using WordPerfect and the legal profession is allergic to change.WordPerfect began to cater to the legal user - with the feature which automatically generates a table of contents, table of cases and table of authorities. WordPerfect was also there when the United States District Courts began mandating electronic filing in pdf format. It was WordPerfect (and not Word) which first implemented the feature which allowed the user to publish documents to pdf format (without the need of a scanner or Adobe Acrobat).Still, there was resistance to WordPerfect because, for many, Word was easier to use. WordPerfect X3 changed all that. X3 went so far as to allow the user to configure X3 to behave EXACTLY like Word.Which brings us to X4. While the folks at Microsoft have taken the regrettable step in Office 2007 to switch to the .docx document format, WordPerfect X4 still fosters interoperability - again behaving like Word and even converting .docx documents.Why is .docx so regrettable? Most people do not pay much attention to how they save a document. In Office 2007, Microsoft has now changed its standard from .doc to docx. The positive (I guess) is that a .docx file takes up less space on the hard drive. The negative (the big negative) is that .docx is not backwards compatible - meaning, someone using Office 2003 cannot open a .docx file - only users to Office 2007 or other consciously interoperable programs (Like WordPerfect X4).And unlike the obtuse approach Microsoft has taken to .docx a WordPerfect document created in X4 can be opened in X4, in X3, and in WordPerfect versions dating all the way back to WordPerfect 6.One of the most incredible features X4 adds is built-in advanced pdf capabilities. Now, you can actually open pdf documents right in WordPerfect. In addition, it has OCR feature which will actually convert to text pdf documents which were scanned. Again, for the legal community, this is an invaluable tool.Why should X4 cross over intothe mainstream? Frankly, because it is better than Word. It is easier to use. It is exceedingly interoperable. In short, it does everything Microsoft Office does - only better.
WordPerfect Office has always been a viable office suite but is often overlooked and eclipsed by MS Office when considering office suites. I personally have been using Lotus SmartSuite for years (an even more obscure packages these days), so I likely will have a different perspective than most people who try WordPerfect Office. I have used WordPerfect in the past, and though some of the features are familiar and comfortable, there are some appreciable differences between this version and the versions I used in the past.Rather than address the whole suite in one paragraph, I will discuss the different applications individually. Obviously the applications integrate and communicate with one another so I will not spend too much time discussing that.Obviously, the crown jewel of WordPerfect Office X4 is WordPerfect. WP has always been a very capable and reliable word processor, designed to be clean, clear and easy to use. Even sitting at a blank document after starting the application, the interface is clean and relatively intuitive. I especially like the visible margins that can be dragged and dropped right on the page, as well as the slidable tab stops and indent markers. The basic word processing functions are all readily available in the default toolbar and there are more toolbars that can be turned on and off. Complex functions and advanced features are available through the menu system. Adjusting setting is pleasure through the semi-graphic settings dialog, and everything I sought was well organized and straightforward.I have imported some Word documents into WP, and the import is accurate in the majority of cases. Sometimes there is a slight reformatting that makes things look a little funny but it requires only a minimum of adjustment to correct. The only disappointment for me is that I could not import Lotus WordPro documents as well, but such is the price one pays for using older, obscure packages such as SmartSuite.I have also imported PDFs - this office suite touts the fact that it can import PDFs so I have been putting that claim to the test. The imports are largely successful, save the occasional formatting glitch. For exporting, though, I have yet to see it mess up, though I have not tried to export anything complex to PDF. There seems to be little need for Acrobat with this suite, though the reader is still handy.Quattro Pro is the spreadsheet application that comes with this suite, and it performs remarkably well. It is a fully capable program that can put together complex spreadsheets that are on par with that of Excel. And, it does an admirable job with importing and exporting too. It can import Lotus 123 spreadsheets as well, which is helpful to me.Both WP and Quattro Pro have XML import/export capabilities too, which adds to their value if you need to work with XML.A really interesting feature to me is WordPerfect Lightning, a virtual file cabinet for storing sticky notes, pictures, documents and other bits and pieces of information. It is similar in concept to Microsoft OneNote, though not as visually stimulating (or overwhelming). Corel kept it simple and as such the main window is more or less a tree view of documents that have been saved therein. Built in is a screen capture tool as well as a miniature editor for writing quick notes, and there's an interface to WordPress. This is absolutely one of the features of WordPerfect Office that I appreciate - I have always liked this kind of tool and I will be using it a lot to keep my stuff organized.Presentations is the Corel equivalent of PowerPoint. I will confess to having not used this much, though I have tried importing PowerPoint slide shows. The import worked for the most part but some of the special effects are lost when the import took place. Otherwise, it appears to offer the same base feature set as PowerPoint.WordPerfect Mail is the equivalent of Outlook. I am no fan out Outlook, so this application was worth a try. I found it to be functional and capable, though it does not have the same volume of features of Outlook. Then again, it does not have the same bloat problem Outlook has either. It bears a striking resemblance to Outlook Express, though the interface is slightly more cluttered and busy. It has built-in Bayesian spam filtering and a built-in calendar. It does NOT have a newsreader though, which is unfortunate but not unexpected. While it's a nice application and it is suitable for what I need, I do not feel compelled to adopt this application.An extra application in the box is Corel Visual Intelligence, a strange beast that can be used to analyze data and prepare data relationships. While I have looked at it and it is an attractive application, this is not something I need and really did not give it a close look.Included with the suite is a plethora of document templates, fonts, graphics and other goodies, as well as a training CD.WordPerfect Office X4 is a very capable and admirable suite of office tools. It claims to be compatible with MS Office, and it is. It's Adobe-friendly too, which will present a cost savings. There are a lot of extras packed in to the package and a good help system to assist. Overall, this is an excellent package with outstanding value and I can recommend it heartily - I am making the switch.
This is a clean, no-nonsense upgrade that current WordPerfect users will love and that will inspire Microsoft Office users to take a second look. (It is also less expensive than Microsoft Office). For specifics, please see the product review as well as the many positive user reviews posted here at Amazon. Be assured, this product is worth every penny you spend!
I've been using WordPerfect Office X4 Standard for a month now, and I've been very pleased.Background: I received a new laptop computer for Christmas and hadn't installed a feature rich suite like this, and was using Microsoft Works in the meantime. I've used Microsoft Office 2007 at home and at work, as well as tried Open Office at home. The last time I used a WordPerfect product was back in the mid-90's.I was pleasantly surprised, but yet skeptical that WordPerfect could put out a product to compete with Microsoft Office. Not only do they compete, but they compete well.One thing that sets this product apart from Microsoft Office is the ability to create, edit, and even password protect PDF files. The only exception to this would be if the PDF that you are attempting to open was already password protected. In that case, you would need a different product if you intended to edit it.This suite also includes WordPerfect Lightning. I have to be honest, I didn't have a clue what this was when I installed it. It's like a lite version of Microsoft OneNote. I didn't know how powerful it would be until I started putting it to use. Lightning is a digital notebook that runs swiftly and easily on your desktop (when it's opened). You can screen capture any portion of your screen at any time and save it to a neat, organized folder for later use. For example, if I wanted to copy a paragraph or an image from a web site I just click "snapshot" and then clip out the part I want and it immediately stores to a folder. I can then easily organize the folder of snapshots, type up notes, and then send the entire folder over to Word or WordPerfect and it instantly creates a document in those programs. This is nice for putting together random thoughts, reports, and organizing research. Students will love this when researching on the Internet for school. The only downside is that I could not figure out how to capture the url easily. I suspect it does capture the url for reference, but I didn't figure that out.Next, the spreadsheet program, Quattro Pro, can run in Microsoft Excel mode which is great if you are comfortable working in Excel and know the menu layout and shortcuts. It also runs in Quattro Pro mode, or Lotus 1-2-3 mode. You can also publish your spreadsheet as a PDF right from the file menu. This a fully featured spreadsheet program that does not lack anything.WordPerfect X4 also runs in four different modes, so you can work in the environment you are accustomed to. Those modes are WordPerfect X4, Microsoft Word, WordPerfect Classic 3.1, and WordPerfect Legal mode. This program is actually more compatible with older Microsoft files than the newest version of Microsoft Office. In fact, this can open more than 60 file types, even new ones like OOXML and ODF. If you are trying to learn a richly featured word processor like this one for the first time Corel makes it easy with several types of support. First, there are two hours of DVD instruction to get you started. Next, there is a hand-holding program called Perfect Expert that basically guides you throughout the entire document creation process. In addition, there is CorelTutor, which is a standard index/search for specific help items. For example, you can quickly and easily look up how to create footnotes by just clicking on CorelTutor, typing footnote into the search box, and then step by step instructions are displayed. Anything created in this program can also be saved as a PDF file. As for PDF handling, since it's converting it, the format will not be 100%. You may still need to go in and fix the document up, but regardless, you are now editing a PDF document without spending $279 onAdobe Acrobat Standard 9. In my opinion, this is a HUGE benefit to this software.I did not try Presentations X4, but if you are familiar with PowerPoint, this is the Corel version. My son makes a lot of PowerPoint projects throughout the year at school, so this should come in handy. It says that you can publish your slideshow to HTML or Adobe Flash.WordPerfect Mail is also included in this suite. I found it difficult to set up the outgoing mail server, but my incoming mail server worked. I emailed customer service to ask about specific settings to find out why my outgoing mail server is not working. I'm sure it's user error. The program is set up to automatically convert your existing Outlook or Outlook Express account, but does not have automated account set up for Gmail or Windows Mail. I hope to see this in an update in the future. We just have to set up the account the old fashioned way until then by putting in your outgoing and incoming mail servers, ports, passwords, and authentication/ssl settings.Finally, this suite includes (free) a 200 Mb online storage account with a mailbox. You can receive/send mail, store pictures, documents, and mail, as well as share documents with one other user. Accounts needing more than 200 Mb of storage or more than 2 collaborating users will find the service gets pricey. The online storage account is especially useful for sharing lightning files.Two final thoughts, since this handles more file types than MS Office and includes PDF publishing and editing, I would say to give this program some serious consideration. In one months time I have not had the program crash on me even once. It's very, very stable, and very rich in features, support, and training.The final thought is to recommend that you install everything the first time. I left out Lightning and Mail during my first installation (thinking I wouldn't use/need them) but I became so impressed with the other programs that I went back and tried to install Mail and Lightning. For some reason on my Windows Vista computer it wiped out the rest of the programs and only left me with Mail and Lightning. Perhaps I did it wrong. It's easier to remove a program than to try to reinstall/install separate portions later.
I am very pleased with WordPerfect Office X4. I hadn't worked with WordPerfect in over 10 years, but it did not take me long to remember why I loved WordPerfect in the first place. For me, I just love how it conforms with my style of creativity and workflow. This suite is the creative person's easel and palette for data, words, and information organization. And it makes me smile.The one item that quickly got my favor with WordPerfect Office X4 suite is that Corel includes Lynda training CD so you can quickly become familiar with the suite of programs. Since the CD is yours at home, you can access it anytime to refresh your memory on any if the included programs in the suite. I found this to be a real plus since it had been years since I used WordPerfect and my previous training bent towards Microsoft Office. Lynda got me up and running with WordPerfect faster than if I had to do it alone.The next item that I started using that quickly became valuable for me is WP's Lightning. Much like Evernote, this program allows you to save your clippings for later use or reference. While I have used Evernote for this in the past, I found Lightning much more useful as Corel added Lighting to the right-click menu option. This makes it SOOOOO easy!WordPerfect, the word processing program, is charming all on its own. It is my preferred choice out of the giants out there available. I have used Microsoft Word (a fine program) and Open Office (another fine program - and free nonetheless), but after re-acquainting myself with this new and improved WordPerfect, this is the only one I want to use.I haven't even tried the spreadsheet program yet, but I have plans to move my financial information on there. I don't doubt that it will serve my purposes well.There's a great many other WordPerfect Office Suite features that I haven't even scratch the surface with. There's so much that I wonder if I will ever get a chance to discover them all.Well, one flub did occur: I did experiment with opening a PDF document as an editable document in WordPerfect. This is one of the features the WordPerfect advertises as being able to do. It did it, but it was horrible. It was gibberish with only a handful of recognizable words. I think the graphics and layout threw it off BIG TIME. I haven't tried it again, but I don't see the need for this feature for myself...yet.Overall, I've been very, very pleased with Corel's WordPerfect Office X4 Suite. It's everything I need, I enjoy using it, and it works so well with the way I think and work. It's the creative person's sweet of suites.
Sorry to knock on poor Microsoft when they're already down with their "operating system" Vista (the only reason I haven't upgraded my computer), but WordPerfect Office X4 Standard gives you everything that Microsoft Office does, but without contributing to the great homogenization of the software world. Give it a try!
Wow, I am finally out of the dark ages with Wordperfect Office!  Some very neat features, such as the password protected pdf files.  I, for one, did not need that feature, but I am sure there are some out there that do!  Installation was a breeze and it's very easy to use and navigate!
I LOVE WordPerfect, have been using it since before Windows so I have had 5.1, 6, 9 and 12.  Just recently, I purchased the standard edition of WordPerfect Office X4, one for my XP workhorse and one for my husband's Windows 7 model.Since this item has been reviewed for nearly two years, I won't duplicate the other comments, especially those that go into depth with what the suite can do.  Let me say, however, that I have used and enjoy the fact that Quattro Pro is interchangeable with Excel.  As a writer, I always preferred WP's capability to Word's and still find it the superior word processor.  Now with a neat clipboard like Lightning and the wondrous capability to write or modify PDF files without memory hungry Adobe Acrobat, I'm in heaven.I performed a clean install without a problem on both machines.  Decided not to use the email program because I love my old Eudora and prefer not to change.WP Office X4 is Vista compliant; I also find it works beautifully with the Windows 7 64 bit machine.Kudos to Corel!  Again!
I'm not going to say too much on the product because a lot people that are alot more versed said some really great things before me. I will add that this version of WP was one of the best I have used thusfar, and that the upgraded features are really upgraded and not just put-me-offs. If you want a list of the newer features, read the ediorial about the product because it goes into painstaking detail about everything you can do and more.If you want a user's point-of-view, buying this is a good purchase and will fit well into your computer needs.Recommended.
Been a user of streets since it first came out a long time ago.  I love the program so looked forward to this update.  I never had the GPS unit previously, so I enjoyed the GPS it really caught a signal quickly and accurately tracked.  It's a pity that streets and trips has lost much of its lustre over the years with standalone GPSs now so affordable and online mapping sources having taken over.  But still, I love streets because I can quickly map and get detailed stuff printed without ads in the way or getting confused.  Scrolling is super duper fast since it's all native to your PC, no remote caching is done.
I have been using the 2007 edition of Streets and Trips for quite a while, and found the 2009 edition to be a good improvement.Apart from the expected map updates, GPS navigation has been upgraded with text to speech capabilities. Unfortunately, it uses a raw Microsoft Anna speech engine, which sounds HORRIBLE. For example, instead of route "US 51" the software says "us 51" (as in the objective case of "we"). Same thing with "SR 51": the program says "senior 51". The intonation is all wrong as well, making it extremely hard to understand (unlike dedicated GPS navigators). Microsoft Anna was never developed with route directions in mind, so I think that MS should have spent some time to adapt it for this software.BUT, bad text to speech is better than no text to speech at all. For example, you CAN understand highway exit numbers, so if you frequent a lot of highways you'll find the text to speech useful.Another nice little improvement is automatic rerouting. If you miss a turn from the route, you won't hear Anna repeat "Off Route" indefinitely (like in the old edition), but instead it will automatically recalculate a new route and supply you with the new directions. Extremely useful!The interface has been improved to a certain extent as well. The buttons are now larger so it's easier to use while in a vehicle (of course, you still need to pull over when you need to make major changes, or when you want to find a point of interest).Another good thing:  you can use the old GPS receivers found in the previous editions with absolutely no issues. This means that you don't have to buy this particular edition, but instead you can opt for the significantly cheaper Streets and Trips w/out a bundled GPS receiver.Overall I would say that this software is worth the upgrade. The text to speech features and automatic rerouting alone make this a must have if you use Streets and Trips for GPS navigation.
Microsoft's 2009 Streets and Maps comes with a small GPS and all of the software guts needed to stay on track perfectly, so perfectly, in fact, that my daughter took it for herself and is using it in another city. "Could you write a book report on it?" I implored. Still waiting. But between her laptop and the MS 2009 package, she's never had a problem from state-to-state. That's a lot of driving, and sometimes into districts that defy maps. That's a short endorsement, but as a dad, I'm not worried about her getting lost... ever.
This is some seriously cool software. Not only can you plan your trip coast to coast or just around the city, but Streets and Trips also provides real time GPS navigation. With updated street-level maps, Streets and Trips helps plan your outing with over one and a half million destinations - even more if you use the online search. The price is right, so give it a try!
Years ago I owed what I think was the first version of this product and it didn't work very well.  This product however works really well.  The menus are a bit confusing but as far as tracking goes this is a good product.  I  used it while on a trip along side my Magellean GPS and it compared well.  The PC version is a little slower than the standalone GPS but it is a nice alternative to buying a more expensive GPS.  Another pro is you have a bigger view of the map and can zoom in and out.
Let me start with two observations.First - this is serious business software and not to be confused with run-of-the-mill GPS software. There's a reason why it is priced at about 10 times its stablemate, "Streets and Trips".Second - I'm in total awe of this software ;)With that out of the way, here's the rest of my review.# InstallationI simply went with all the bells and whistles, and installed it on a budget notebook (Vista 64 bit, AMD Turion TL-60, 4GB RAM, 250GB HDD). The software installed fine, and runs like a dream. In over a month of using it, I haven't experienced any serious issues.# User InterfaceA lot has been said about the "kludgy" interface. And, yes, the toolbar icons are ugly. However, when you're driving at night, and your spouse is trying to click icons in a moving vehicle, I'm sure the wisdom of fat icons will be more readily apparent, and you'll praise the programmers who gave you nice juicy targets to click on.The user interface is largely pane-based. Each pane is independently closable and resizable, but not dockable. I found this fairly pleasant, and it never cramped my style.Navigation  around the map is fairly intuitive - click and drag to move the map; the mouse cursor on the edges turns into scroll arrows; and double clicking zooms in. Contextual menus on right clicking also give you the right level of control.The one non intuitive aspect is that to create a region, you must actually right click and drag. Then to zoom in, you click inside that region. But it works.# FunctionThe main purpose of this software is to support "location based applications". In other words, this software works by allowing you to project the non-location portions of your data onto a map. To make this happen you need to begin with data that has location (street, city, county, state) attributes as well as non-location attributes (such as sales figures, inventory numbers, and demographic data such as age and income).You then tell MapPoint what location attribute to use in generating the map, and what non-location attributes you wish to represent, and sit back and prepare to be amazed.When you consider that you can have this data sourced from a variety of data sources (natively from delimited text files, Access databases, Excel spreadsheets, and via Microsoft Data Link); and that you can program MapPoint applications using the .NET suite to access the MapPoint ActiveX control and its rich object model; and that you can integrate MapPoint with your PowerPoint presentations and Word documents, you have an amazing amount of power at your disposal.What is positively astounding is the level of visualization you can achieve with this software.You can pick the type of "data map" you want to create (push pins, pie charts, shaded areas, bar charts, etc.);  how  you want to represent "data ranges" on your maps (unique values, quantiles, continuous ranges, etc.); as well as customizing the colors, pushpins, etc. that make up your finished visualization.Yes, it can do routing and GPS - but that's just icing on the cake.# Why this rating?What excites me most about this software is that its one of those rare products that take about a couple of hours to figure out, and then take a lifetime to master.The possibilities are truly endless.If you have a need for location based visualization - you owe it to yourself to download a trial version of this software, and run the tutorials. For the investment of a couple of hours, I can bet you'll come away as one of the converted.Good luck!
Unlike many other reviewers I have not used any previous editions of this software, but I must say that as a first time user to this software, I highly recommend it.  Unlike web based map solutions, it allows you to drag around the map with no lag or loading times (assuming your computer meets the recommended specs).The software is ideal for small business owners because you can enter a set of destinations and it will map you the most gas efficient route to get to all these destinations.For many uses, Google maps is all you need, but if you're a pro and need more in depth mapping data, you won't find a better piece of software than Microsoft MapPoint!
I've wanted MapPoint for about four years now but had hesitated to purchase because I wasn't sure it was worth the price. After using it for two days now, and going through the tutorials, I realize just how powerful this software is.For the average home user looking for a routing solution, this is overkill. Just stick withMicrosoft Streets & Trips 2009orMicrosoft Streets & Trips 2009 with GPS, or for free, use google maps or mapquest.This software is integrated with the US Census Bureau so you can import an excel spreadsheet of data, and using MapPoint, create a map to help you make business decisions. I was able to import our client list, and then overlay sales data with income, age, and other demographic information. This would be very useful to target mailings by carrier route because you can compare your current results geographically and see where your advertising dollars are best spent.You can also map your appointments and then block off an area you want to cover, and put in a starting point, and it will map the most efficient way to make all appointments.That is just the tip of the iceberg, this has so many more really useful features.I found the MapPoint tutorial to also be very useful, one of the more useful tutorials Microsoft has put out. If you are using the tutorial, I recommend running two monitors so the tutorial can sit on one screen and MapPoint can be open on the other screen.Four years ago when I wanted to get this software we were thinking of starting an organic produce home delivery service. Now that I've been able to put this to the test, this would have been the perfect solution for routing deliveries.For those who are on the fence about buying this software, Microsoft offers a 60 day free trial. You can download it right at the Microsoft web site and then use the built it tutorial to see if this is a product that can enhance your business. If not, you've wasted nothing but your time.Another great advantage to this software is that regardless of your Internet connection, you can always have maps and routing information available to you as long as this is installed on your computer or laptop. It also has coupons built in, so you can enter an address, and it will show you coupons for attractions and dining nearby.If you plan to use this as a backup or primary gps in your car, I would recommend buying the version that comes with the GPS receiver,Microsoft MapPoint 2009 with GPS.
Want to make your summer road trip smoother and more exciting? Just install the MicroSoft MapPoint 2009 and plug in your stops for turn by turn directions. Easy installation and user friendly to boot, MapPoint 2009 is the perfect copilot for the vacationer or the business person. Plus, you can use your GPS receiver with MapPoint to track your location and even give you audible direction. Highly recommended.
This is a robust mapping program that goes beyondMicrosoft Streets & Trips 2009to add features such as the ability to input data from Excel or Access.It creates clear driving directions that can be emailed as a picture or as an attachment.  The map (either as an attachment or as a picture in the email) is high quality and easy to read.  The email with map and directions was only about 260KBAnother great feature is you can customize fuel cost and MPG city/highway to get fuel cost estimates for the routes that are being plannedAnother handy feature is the ability to turn a map into a web page then easily integrates it into your site with either a simple web creator or one such as Front Page or Dreamweaver.This is probably much more robust than what I needed but it will serve me well being able to email customized directions to my home office for my clients.  In the future I may use it as a tool to map where my clients are located and perhaps develop some marketing tools.If you are looking for a more robust mapping program to intergrate with data this could very well be the ticket.  If you are just looking for some good mapping program consider Microsoft Streets and Trips.
I have GPS, Mapquest, google, etc. to get me from point a to b.  Mapquest can do that but the real power of this program is to map data in order to build a visual database that can assist you in marketing to specific demographic and geographic target.Since I utilize MS office products, I found the interface and data exchange simple to administer.Very cool product.  Gives the "little guy" access to vital information to grow your business. Find the answer to "Where shall I look for my next big deal?"
I installed MapPoint on a Vista 64 bit computer and an Atom Netbook with Windows XP and it functions perfectly on both.  MapPoint is a must for the serious / business users; it has all the features of Streets and Trips plus powerful data mapping, information analysis, and communication tools.It is very powerful.  You can basically search by street to any location in the USA and Canada plus it also has street level coverage of Mexico.It is easy to use.  You can type in a street or just click on the map.  You can put in start and end locations and MapPoint will map it all out for you so you can streamline those travel plans.If you want to see detailed data information on different areas such as age, population, etc. then this program has it.  This is great for business users so you can target certain products to certain areas.  You can also use the maps etc. in your Microsoft Office applications (such as Word, Excel etc.) to create your own specialized documents.Once you get rolling then you can plug the GPS receiver in your car into your computer and then run MapPoint in the full screen navigation mode to follow that route you already planned earlier.  It even has voice direction.I really enjoy using this software, it has all the features of a good navigation program plus it is a powerful mapping and information tool.  The functionality is near perfect which is as you would expect from Microsoft.
Notice the title.  This product worked well for me, but as the commercials say, your results may vary.  I can only tell you how I am configured and what my results are.First of all, I give any product 5 stars if it does everything I expect it to do without any unpleasant surprises.  If it does more, all the better.I am running Windows XP Pro with SP3 and all updates.  I have video and photo editing software and Office 2007 Ultimate.  Those are my major software applications.Is the product/company reputable?  Yes.  Kaspersky, while not having the name recognition of Norton or McAfee, is heavyweight enough to be used as the AV engine by major third party vendors (GFI for one).Does the product slow me down or conflict with anything?  No.  This is a pleasant surprise.  Until I received this product for review, I didn't even put AV software on my computer because past results with Norton and McAfee were disappointing.  They slowed my system down and bothered me with warning messages more than I'd like them to.Is the product complicated?  No.  It has a clean and simple user interface.Is the product comprehensive?  I think it does a good job of covering the bases: File/Memory security, Email/IM security, and Web traffic security.  It also performs anti-phishing.  It creates reports (but I never use that feature) and can repair some types of damage done by malware.This product protects my system and most importantly, does not interfere with or slow down any of my important applications.[...]
I have used Kaspersky Web protection in the past and I really liked it.  But, being the kind of person I am, I enjoy trying new things.  I guess this does give me the right experience to compare the new Kaspersky Anti-Virus 2009 & Maximum Spyware Protection with several other brands.I have loaded this on Microsoft XP.  First, I like the automatic HOURLY updates.  It works in the background and I don't even notice it. Second, it uses less memory than any of the other security programs I have used.  It runs faster also.The back of the box KAV2009 comes in compares it with Norton, McAfee, Trend Micro, and Microsoft security programs.  Of course, KAV2009 compares VARY favorably to all of these.I highly recommend KAV2009.  I think it is better than Norton 360, McAfee, and previous editions by the Kaspersky Lab. So smooth, so out of the way, so fast. . .  Buy this one!###12/19/10UPDATE: The new 2010 Kasperskys Internet Security is astonishingly better.  No other Internet security program has such complete coverage.  I really liked the 2009 program, but the 2010 is just so much better that I can't believe I was so easily satisfied.
I've been a fan of KAV for a long time, and this version only increases my love of the product.  As with all editions of KAV, this is very light on the system- it will NOT slow your computer down.  Additionally, unlike Norton and McAfee, this product can actually detect AND remove just about any virus.  Whenever somebody tells me they have a virus that their other software cannot remove, I recommend the KAV trial to them to get rid of the virus- and so far it has always worked for them.  The biggest downside to KAV is that it's interface is not the most user friendly, and some of the options they ask you to choose from may not be things most computer users are familiar with.Overall though, this release of KAV continues to build on their record of releasing great antivirus software, and I highly recommend it.
I have been a Norton user for the past five years, after migrating away from McAfee, and this product has given me back some of the features that were in my original decision to switch to Norton (some of which have been taken away in recent versions of Norton Internet Security (IS)).I have reviewed recent McAfee and Norton 360 releases and had been using Norton IS prior to receiving this product.The install was pretty smooth although I did have to exit the first attempt to uninstall Norton IS, the second attempt completed in a few minutes with no problems on my Windows Vista 64 system. Setup was pretty simple as well.Access to the settings is pretty easy and modification does not require a PhD (although, I have to admit that there are some settings that I have no clue about, and thus leave alone). Boot up is comparable to Norton IS, as is the memory footprint. Ease of modification gives it a one up on Norton.Bottom line, I really have no complaints, and have switched off Norton IS to use this product (McAfee isn't even an option in my mind). P-)
I used to use Norton until it became so bloated and slow. I'm very happy with Kaspersky. It does everything I want it to, and nothing I don't. It updates itself every few hours. It's stopped everything bad that I've needed it to. It doesn't slow my systems down to a crawl, and it has worked 100% perfectly on my systems. I couldn't ask for anything else. I run it on a Vista and an XP system. No problems on either.
The Good:*Sea of features that go beyond your regular anti-virus program.*Very light on the system's resources.*Speeds up your Internet Explorer launch time.*Simple User Interface in easy-to-understand language.The Bad:*The program seems to temporarily freeze at times without a warning when you request to generate a report, but it doesn't crash and returns to normal within a minute.The Bottom Line:*As I picked up the box, I read the back for some of the features.  Most of the features such as anti-virus and phishing weren't surprising to see.  It was pleasing to see features such as rescue disk and system restore included as well.  However, one line did jump out at me and it read: "Will speed up Internet Explorer."  I've tested about half a dozen popular anti-virus programs, but I don't remember any of them promising that part.In order to avoid the placebo effect, I decided to install the program on a family member's PC, without telling them about the features.  A few days have passed and surprisingly I was informed that all of a sudden, the Internet Explorer did launch noticeably faster(Keep in my that I didn't ask the direct question about the IE) after Kaspersky was installed.  Other than that, Kaspersky does a superb job protecting your system from viruses, spyware, trojans and other cyber garbage that can attack your system.
My rap with Norton & McAfee has always been that they insinuate themselves into everything and are more troublesome than they are helpful.  Installing those programs has always be like trying to unravel a spider web.  O(n the other hand, Kaspersky Anti Virus 2009 works unobtrusively in the background without annoying pop-ups reminding me to fix a tracking cookie or some other nonsense. One can scan new files only w/o scanning everything on the computer & the scan adjust to user activity. There are automatic hourly updates, the program blocks Phishing, scans HTTP traffic, restricts unknown application activities and will restore correct settings in the event of an attack.  It promises and delivers premium protection (single user version.)
Truth be told, my best male friend  is a group manager for Symantec, and so I will never quit using Norton Products, however, some are better than others, and also in the interest of the truth, I have lost several computers that were under the protection of Norton products due to something malevolent slipping by. I have had one computer that has been primarily under the protection of Kapersky and that computer has remained safe the whole time. It doesn't do the things that System Works does, nor what 360 does, but it has remained safe, which is exactly what it promised.Kapersky also never seems to slow down the work I am doing, which again is exactly what is promised. So if you want a program that repairs registry errors and fixes problems, you may want to go with Norton System Works, if you are concerned with identity safety you may want to go with Norton 360, both of which are great products for what they promise, except as I say, Kapersky has protected me better from malicious infections, and that is quite a bit of value for the money. I plan on always keeping at least one PC on Kapersky, it hasn't let me down yet.
I enjoyed installing Kaspersky, but I really enjoyed how it worked.It has an indicator telling me how my PC is running, the overall speed and howmany updates are available. I was cleaning out my PC to find multiple Trojans andpieces of spy ware that Norton could not find. I recommend it for all techs, homeusers alike.What makes it really interesting is the fix it now capability. Please give it a goand you will not be dissatisfied.
Over the years, I have tried many different anti-virus products.  I chose this one because Kapersky seems to be the standard for anti-virus protection!  This program installed seamlessly and worked as it was expected.
Installation was simple and straightforward.  The installer first checked the Kaspersky web site for an updated version of the program.  If available, the program will download and install it instead of using the version on the CD.  You do have to enter a registration number, activate, and create an account.  But the cool thing is, after you create your account, you can generate a license key.  If you download and save the key, it will save you all the hassle if you have to reinstall.  You simply re-install and import the key file to activate.  I installed it on a laptop running a 2Ghz dual-core Intel CPU and 2 GB of RAM.  Overall, performance is good.  Scanning is quick and pretty accurate.  I set the scan settings to max everything, max hueristic, scan all files, aggressive scan, deep scan, scan within archives, etc.  I expected it to run a good hour or more, but surprisingly, it only took about 1/2 hr.  I did get one false positive, but it was due to the high hueristic setting and you are warned in advance of the possibility of false-positives. I did appreciate the fact that although Kaspersky initially reported it as a detected virus during active scanning, it caught it's mistake at the end of scanning and reported there was no actual threat. To verify, I performed an online scan with a different product which, expectedly, yielded negative results.  Kaspersky also blocked and warned me before I entered a compromised web site.  So I give web security an A+.  The impact on my system has been minimal.  Startup and shutdown are relatively the same as they were  before installation.  CPU and memory usage are minimal and the product can be easily deactivated temporarily for things such as software installations and CPU-intensive activities like photo/video editing. I am able to multi-task without issues, (even with demanding apps), with the resident scanner running. Overall, I am satisfied with the ease of installation, accuracy of scanner, use of system resources, and overall performance of product.  Whether you're an advanced user or the set-and-forget type, you'll like Kaspersky Anti-Virus.
It feels wonderful to finally have a good anti-virus product that doesn't slow down your computer. Installation was a breeze and took a couple of minutes from popping the CD in and following simple instructions. After that, I restarted my computer and it's worked perfectly ever since! This particular one is a one user product so you cannot use this on other computers. However, the program is so good, I intend to get rid of my old software and replace it with Kaspersky. The only downside is that I wish it was a 3 user product and had firewall protection as well. Other than that, I highly recommend this product.
I recently was running Trend Micro on my computer and when the subscription expired I wanted to try a new Anti-Virus software, because Trend Micro was really slowing my computer down. So after reviewing tons of Anti-Virus software , I bought Kaspersky. Now the installation is pretty easy but, if you get stuck, just go to their support center and they will help you with any problems. So after I installed the software it had to do an update and restart, but after that you are ready to go! Now compared to Trend Micro, this program flies! My web pages load instantly, my programs load faster, and pretty much a completely faster system. Now the best feature this software has I think is where it will adjust how much RAM it uses, based on what you are doing. So say that you are trying to load a youtube video and you want all your power to go to that, Kaspersky will automatically adjust how much RAM it is using, to let you watch your movie and then will boost back up when your computer is idle. My son loves it because it is perfect for playing games, especially those high end graphics games that all the kids love. He has noticed a big difference in the speed that the computer manifests now as opposed to running Trend Micro.It does EVERYTHING that Trend Micro did (& more) , but better! :-) We are pleased!It is definitely a better value!
I am new to Kaspersky products. I usually use another anti-virus program but I wanted to try Kaspersky.  I loaded Kaspersky on another desktop in my house to compare the two.I found Kaspersky easy to load and it did not slow down my machine like some anti-virus programs do. My computer started quickly as well. One thing I hate is having my computer take forever to start and I have had that happen with some other anti-virus programs. According to the box Kaspersky as well as Norton were by far the best programs when it came to the number of MBs used and the quickest when it came the time it took to launch Internet Explorer. This has been my experience as well.I like the screen layout. Online security, system security and anti-malware features are easily accessible as are scan, update and protection features.I called customer support with an installation questions and found the representative to be knowledgeable and very professional.This is a fine product and very user friendly.
This product works well with Vista Windows.  I keep purchasing the new yearly editions and it has kept my computer clean for the past three years.
I've been a Trend Micro user for many many years now and I am a very happy customer indeed.  If you need an easy to use solution for virus protection, firewall, and just the ability to use your computer without worrying about any nasties that you will get on the web or email you HAVE to try out this product!  It's a great bargain at the price point its at, the customer support is fantastic and it's an easy to use product all around.  I love it and continue to upgrade every year.***** HIGHLY RECOMMENDED
I am using a laptop with only 1 GB of RAM, and no matter what Microsoft says, that's really the minimum that you can operate Vista Home Premium with.  Lots of programs struggle for memory to work smoothly, lots of things only "sort of" work with Vista, a common complaint.  This works and doesn't slow me down, and really impressed me.  I was very unhappy with the brand of Internet Security software that came bundled with the laptop, it made the machine sluggish and incredibly slow to boot up.  Trend doesn't, it boots up smoothly, it doesn't cause lagging when using programs, and I'm thrilled.  Its definitely a five star success on a system that has no extras.  I'm shopping for a new desktop, and this is what I'll use there too.
This is actually my second time using Trend Micro's Internet Security. So far, I am pleased with the improvements that have been made since my last purchase of this program. The interface is plain, but simple and easy to use. A full scan of your computer might take a while, but a handy feature lets you scan in the background while you work on other things. Time will tell how effective the program is for catching and cleaning threats, but so far, I'm pleased with what I've seen.
After being very satisfied with Trend Micro's pc cillin 2007, I was eager to update to their Internet Security 2009, which even in the non-pro form seems to have all of the features I appreciated before - namely the Firewall, Virus Scanner, and Spyware Removal.  Personally, as strictly a desktop PC user, I find any other features of most Security Suites superfluous.  However the price to purchase the Pro version of Internet Security 2009 isn't much more than this version and seems to offer some useful features for those with laptops.Trend Micro's software was easy to use before and this 2009 version was a breeze to install and update.  After inserting the cd, clicking two buttons and restarting my computer, I was ready to go.  The program loads up in your desktop icon tray automatically so you can access it easily as with most antivirus programs.  The main window of the program is clear and easy to use, unlike some other software I've tried.  You have status notifications for things like when you last updated, scanned, and if there are any conflicts with your firewall, etc.  You can also click on the left side of the window to change the settings or access the various tools.  It all works very quickly and cleanly.Of course, the most important part of this software is it's efficiency.  I find that no antivirus catches EVERYTHING, especially if you don't take the most obvious precautions, like avoiding clicking on suspicious links.  However, in my experience Trend Micro catches the prevalent virii and even gets rid of all the spyware other software picks up on.  Also it will tell you if you have to update windows and other programs with security patches.  Best yet, the software runs without any noticeable hinderance to system performance and while scanning you can easily pause and resume or run in background to manage your system resources appropriately.
I work for a technology company.  This is the brand my employer uses, and our techs all rave about how good a job it does.
I have used this for sometime and I find it to be much better then Mcafee which we used for several years prior, our networks are much more protected and we have had less problems with this service.
Please note that I am by no means an authority on software of any variety. That being said, from the perspective of a layperson, this version of Trend Micro's security software appears to be doing a sufficient job protecting me and my computer from our respective selves. The first point to mention is that setup is extremely user friendly, even with regard to some of the specific software settings. At this point I have probably meddled with the configurations as much as I ever will, as I have only utilized this product on my home PC. Nonetheless, I have taken further steps customizing my security settings than I have ever done previously simply because of this software's ease of use and thorough, yet simple, explanation of available functions. One such customization option that I have now utilized for the first time on any security software is the parental control/web browser settings. The ability to restrict specific categories of information, images, and data, as well as descriptions of each category, allows one to feel confident in what they are blocking and what they are allowing on a user specific basis.Beyond the actual customizable functions, almost everyone probably has the same question: will this security software slow everything on my computer to a screeching halt? After a little use, it seems that this particular software has not had the same ridiculous stopping power of other security platforms that I have utilized in the past. That is, as of this moment, I am pleased with my ability to utilize this software as the issuing company recommends while continuing the use of any other applications simultaneously. All in all, I am not disappointed and, perhaps, pleased (if such a thing is possible when dealing with PC/Internet security software).
I have been using TrendMicro (TM) products for a few years now. This product is similar to the others, though it appears that TM has differentiated their line some offering more of less functionality depending on your needs. The Internet Security bundle does quite a bit for the money. It allows protection for up to 3 PCs (this is fairly common in this segment). The software allows for automatic updates, detection, etc. What I like most about this software (in comparison to some rival products from Microsoft and Symantec) is that the scan engine is fast and not a resource hog. I do not notice the typical decline in computing performance with the TM scan running that I do in other packages. Good work TM! I have had no infections on any machines using TM software in two years.
I have Trend Micro's Internet Security on one computer at home and Bit Defender on another.  I have to declare myself thoroughly delighted with both of them.  I knew Trend Micro from 8 or 9 years ago when I got to know it as a free online system scanner.  I used it several times to rid myself of pesky viruses that McAfee could not deal with.The specific thing I like about the Trend Micro is that it really doesn't slow the system down at all, while providing apparently great protection (I've had no virus problems that I'm aware of).  Some antivirus programs I've used really slow the computer down and make looking at pages on the Internet a drag.  But the Trend Micro has been almost invisible.I have been very happy with the feature whereby it clears out the malicious cookies that are downloaded onto my computer through surfing the Internet.  Each day it deletes spybots and data miners without my prompting it.If you are looking for a very fine internet security program I can definitely recommend this one.  My assessment is based on only one month of use, but that has been a completely incident free month.
I don't have any major issues with Adobe Photoshop Lightroom 2 (APL2). But an annoying gripe for me and what needs a little bit of work is automasking. I don't lean on automasking, but it does come in handy. And on APL2, It's far from perfect. It does seem to take a little bit more time than usual, but is not total pain. A RAW file may take a little bit more time, a tiny delay, but it's not a snail's pace, a more equipped computer will help. You will still need Photoshop (APL2 can't invert masking) if you want to get in depth with masking, but the integration between the two programs is easy.But that's not a main deterrent. I still give this product five stars just for its excellent cataloging skills and ability to get your stuff to the web. You won't master it in a day. The learning curve for APL2 is not that steep but it is does offer its share of complexity. But the main selling point is its zippy-ness. APL2 handles the majority of the work you throw at is with ease and that's why I'm using it.
I am a Photoshop CS3/Bridge/Adobe Camera Raw user, and when Lightroom 1.0 came out in beta for user testing, I downloaded it and tried it out.  At the time, I didn't see much use for the application, and my other Adobe applications seemed to offer me the same and better, so I opted not to add Lightroom to my photo processing arsenal.  I took this most recent opportunity to tryout Lightroom 2.0 however, because of all that I've been hearing about its improved functionality from fellow photographers - I wanted to see for myself what it could do.I've hardly scratched the surface on this feature-rich application, but there is much to admire here.  With Lightroom, Adobe offers a photo-centric application (as opposed to Bridge, which attempts to be everything for any user from any of Adobe's applications, including audio, graphic design and video applications) that is sleek and professional and very, very useful.One of its main strengths, and I believe its main purpose, is as an organization database for the ever-growing amount of digital images today's modern photographer typically accumulates.  I've found Bridge to be a sluggish image viewer - point it to a folder of several hundred RAW files, then go have a 20-minute tea break until it's done setting up the previews.  With Lightroom, you can import your images into the database in one go and forever after they can be viewed immediately whenever you open the application.  I've been amazed so far at how quickly I'm able to access images in Lightroom and get started on the selection and editing process with very little lag time.RAW file editing functions are immediately available in Lightroom (in Bridge you have to open a separate Adobe Camera Raw application to begin edits, another 60 seconds at least), and much of what you can do in Adobe Camera Raw is available in Lightroom as well - exposure adjustment, curves, clarity, etc.  There appear to be some differences, however - for instance, unless I've missed spotting it, Lightroom appears to lack the one-click convert-to-B&W; feature that ACR provides (I would expect to see this in the hue/saturation/luminance tab, where it exists in ACR).  Lightroom now allows spot editing (although no selections), which my current version of ACR can't do, in some cases saving me a trip into Photoshop altogether.Overall, I've been very pleased with how much editing functionality Lightroom immediately makes available to me and thus how far along I can get in my editing before I need to open Photoshop to finish things up - not having to bop around among two or three applications at once throughout most of the workflow saves a lot of time.I have yet to have a need for or tryout the Slideshow, Print, and Web tabs of the application, so I can't provide any critique on those in this review.So five stars to Adobe Lightroom 2 for its sleek, intuitive interface and PS CS3-worthy suite of editing tools.  All this functionality in one single application provides a welcome improvement to speeding up the photographer's workflow.
I'm a big fan of Adobe products.  They've set the bar very high, so I've come to expect a lot from them.  That being said, they still manage to impress me when they update their products.Such is the case with Lightroom 2 - they've put things in this release that make a good product even better.There is so much here it's hard to know where to start, but I guess the thing that I've been playing around with the most is the Adjustment Brush and Automask.  WOW!  Thanks Adobe, you've made my life so much better.  These tools are must have and there's no going back for me now.Non-destructive adjustments that you can apply with a brush?  Yep!  This greatly increases my productivity and reduces having to use Photoshop.  This is a good thing for me.Lightroom has always been about productivity and make no mistake it really helps digital photographers with their workflow.There are lots of other things packed in this release that I really like, such as the graduated filter.  A nice tool for adding that subtle finesse to images.Lightroom still is a great way to manage a digital image library and process images, but it's so much more.  An updated interface makes it easier to use and it handles camera RAW nicely.  I've not had any problems.This update is greatly appreciated and really helps my with my microstock image processing.
Adobe does it again with another addition to its excellent collection of photo editing software.  Adobe Lightroom 1 was a nice step in the direction of creating a program which focuses more exclusively on photography than Photoshop (as all PS lovers will know, Photoshop is really a swiss army knife for editing photos, creating digital paintings, and manipulating the heck out of images) Lightroom 2 takes a second giant leap in that direction, creating a program which has more substantive image developing tools, a faster, sleeker interface and a robust feature set which may cause some die hard film photographers to turn off their red lightbulbs and fire up their computers.In essence, Lightroom 2 combines a digital darkroom with a powerful image library component.  It makes it easy to catalog and sort images with a level of detail that has been impossible before now.  Its a simple matter to import images from a digital camera or hard drive into the Lightroom Library, and then to label works with quality ratings, meta tags, keywords and even copyright information.Once the images have been imported, the Develop module offers a broad spectrum of enhancements.  There are some easy to use and uniformly excellent presets, as well as very flexible professional quality editing tools which use all the great editing capabilities of Camera Raw - and even allows you to apply those tools to other file types (jpeg's etc). The editing tools are all non-destructive, which means that your original photographs remain unchanged - you can always undo your edits quickly and easily.Installation of software took less than 10 minutes, including the registration process.Upon first launch I was prompted to download an update to Version 2.1.  Download and update took (literally) seconds to accomplish.  LightRoom was open for the update- no restart was required.It took just over 90 minutes to import my first batch of nearly 9000 photographs from my 2008 collection.  From then on I have been happily using Lightroom to sort and categorize my photos, and to apply a series of simple formatting actions to prepare them for import into Photoshop.  This program will not replace Photoshop in my workflow but its already proved to be a time saver at the import level.  I'm looking forward to delving into it more deeply to find out what else is in there!An update:Since writing the original review, I've reached a point where Lightroom is the first stop for all of my photographic images.  It will do everything that Camera Raw does in Photoshop, but with a bit more precision. Its Library tools are amazing and now that I've integrated Lightroom into my workflow, I can't imagine how I kept track of things without it!The fact is that many of my camera RAW images never even make into Photoshop CS4 now.  More and more CS4 is tabled for more esoteric work compositing images, and creating painted images, and LR has become my primary photo editing tool. Whether you are a Photoshop Master, or a neophyte looking for a way in to digital photo editing, Photoshop Lightroom 2 should be in your shopping cart!
I had no expectations for this product so i had to go through it slowly. I tried the previous version and didn't see much use of it.I have been using Photoshop for too long to go for a shortcut application.I have been using Lightroom 2 for 1 week now and I have had no reason to do anything in Photoshop except the healing effect which is helpful to clean the dust and lens spots.LR2 can do almost anything and might be a good reason not to spend those $$$ to get CS4 which is getting too complicated even for someone who has used it for 13 years.
I've been using Lightroom for a little while now and I'm definitely hooked on it.  It really helps you organize your photos so much better than you'd be able to do without it.  Not only that but it integrates the power of "camera raw" right into Lightroom so that it becomes an integral part of the workflow.Lightroom is a great tool to have, but it doesn't replace Photoshop.  Photoshop is still essential to have, especially if you don't work in camera raw.
As a lifelong Apple user, old Art Director and Adobe fanboy, I was extremely happy with Lightroom 2. NOT Photoshop Lite but IS a darkroom guru! Superbly designed for pros to enhance the heck out of images to pro standards, period. My highest recommendation to Adobe for turning me on to Lightroom. Have Photoshop? you probably have the CS and thus can live without SOME of lightroom, but I love the way it helps me track my tons of stuff in an orderly way. KUDOS ADOBE!!!Organizing! As a designer AND archivist of thousands of images and many more to come, I needed Lightroom's capability to keep them all sorted, properly imported and with the opportunity to go back and undo changes (very, very smart!).Adding sepia and effects is much simpler than Photoshopping; photographers don't want more unnecessary junk, they (we) want to get to where we want to go and back up to the right one. Here ya go!Filters and whizbang stuff are terrific. Ease of transforming for web or print and everything in between is great. More than I'd asked for!!!Downside: Loads a bit slow on mine, but expected on older Macs. Time for an upgrade to compliment this fantastic new app!Upside: Organize! Adjust! Clean up! Post and look totally brilliant with your photos! Even a novice can look pro here, and that's no exaggeration. Old "Photoshop tricks" are mastered here and wonderfully great to work with.
I travel quite extensively, and as a result, I take a lot of photos of places I've been and things I've done. After a while, you need a system in order to manage photos. I've been using Lightroom since day 1, and it's taken over as the only tool I use when it comes to photography.Lightroom has 5 modules: Library, Develop, Slideshow, Web and Print. It's designed to take your photos from the moment you plug your memory card into your computer to output. From the management standpoint, I've gotten a little obsessive-compulsive about labeling/keywording/catalogng my photos - Through 30,000 photos, I'm able to search for photos with criteria from keywords to camera info so I know where a particular friend is (e.g: Tim at the Taj Mahal.) Even with 30,000 photos, the Lightroom catalog handles it without a problem.Non-destructive editing is the strength of Lightroom. Without touching the original file, I'm able to edit and revert back to any point - from a few different RAW file formats, TIFFs, DNGs and JPGs.Things to consider:1) Lightroom isn't that expensive when you compare it to Photoshop CS4 and Adobe Bridge. It's also the same price as Apple Aperture.2) Lightroom is resource intensive. You'll need a beefy computer to make sure this works as fast as you do.3) In Lightroom 1, the Develop tool did about 40-50% of what I needed it to do. I was able to edit photos in Photoshop and able to go back and forth. Lightroom 2.x does 90%+ of the editing I need to do with my photos.4) Dual monitor support means laptop + my 24" LCD is making for one mean processing machine.5) The web galleries are fully customizable, just like everything in this program. I suck at web design, so I'm not able to take full advantage of this feature yet.The only problem with a program of this magnitude is that you need to really invest in training videos (Kelby, Luminous Landscape) and books in order to take advantage of everything.$300 is a small price to pay for a tool that's powerful as this. Even if you bought a starter SLR and need a great tool that will allow you to make the best of your photos, you can't go wrong with Lightroom. It's the best photographic investment I've made. I can't wait to see what a future version will bring.
I installed and used this software on Windows Vista 64 bit and Windows XP SP3 computers without any problems.This is my first time at using Adobe Photoshop Lightroom 2; I have been using Adobe Photoshop in conjunction with ACDSee Pro 2.5 Photo Manager so it was interesting trying software which integrates directly with Photoshop.  I rely a lot on photo management programs for home and business use so I really felt like putting this one to the test.My first impressions of Lightroom 2 were how simple it is to use.  Once you start it, the interface has 3 main panels; the main display is in the middle panel with left and right panels for the features. The interface is very neat and easy to understand.  At the top of the interface you have five choices: Library, Develop, Slideshow, Print and Web.  These encourage you to take everything step by step which is a good approach.The `Library' is where your pictures are. Here you can `quick develop' and edit your pictures one at a time or mass edit all of them to speed up the process.  The mass edit is a must if you are processing a lot of pictures so superb for professional users.  You have options such as size, color and custom presets to quickly automate the process. The next step is `Develop'.  This has the presets again and the opportunity to see the differences they make by comparing `before' and `after'. This feature is amazing and also a lot of fun.Also not forgetting that you can use this program in conjunction with Adobe Photoshop at any time you want during either the `Library' or `Develop' processes by selecting `photo' and `edit with photoshop' on the top menu.  This is important when you want to make special touches to your pictures and it is cool that it integrates well with the best photo editor out there.Once you are satisfied with your results then you can go to the final process of either `Slideshow', `Print' or `Web' depending on what you are doing with the pictures.  Here you can add the extra content associated with each one.  So for instance if you choose `Web' then you can create a customized webpage, if you choose `Slideshow' then you can create a customized slideshow and if you choose `Print' then you get customized print options.These final processes together with the chance to mass edit at the beginning of it all makes using Lightroom 2 amazingly quick so it improves your workflow to a very high level.  When it comes to this then to say this software is a must would be underscoring the program.  For home use it is tremendous but when using it under pressure and for business then it is astounding.  I've used it consistently for the last few weeks and now I could not imagine preparing for events and meetings without it.Final Conclusion - it is difficult to cover all the features of powerful software like this in one review but I would say this is an excellent photo management program which is easy enough for amateurs to use but with the power, flexibility and speed to satisfy professional users.
Where do I start.This is a great package.  I used to open all my photos in Camera Raw and catalog them using bridge.  Adobe Light Room 2 has many more features and is non destructive.  I shoot almost exclusively in RAW and then convert them to DNG.  LR2 allows for spot correction, graduated touch-up, and some masking features.  The only drawback that I can find is that if you are new to the Adobe tools it is a bit overwhelming.  I use Kelby training and have gone through many of the videos which have helped me catchup quickly.  For $20 per month (less if you are a NAAP member) you can view all of their training as much as you want.  Back to LR2 - I am still finding new ways to do things but I think this is a great program.  One feature I especially like is the presets.  They give the user the ability to do some basic editing on all your photos.UPDATE:  I own the entire Adobe Suite and use Photoshop quite a bit but always send the photos through Light Room first.  It is much easier to get the photo just right in LR first so you don't have to use extensive masking etc. in Photoshop.There are a number of little things that could be handled better such as the import of photos and the location of imported files.  But wait - LR 3 is due out in April 2010 and the public beta is available on the Adobe site.  All of the things that I found a bit cumbersome appear to have been fixed.  Recommed trying LR 3 beta even if you don't have LR2 this will give you a chance to see what it is like even if you don't think you need it.  But you will.
Well, to start with, I am a professional photographer and I have used version 1 of Lightroom for quite a while - pretty much since it came out.  I really like Lightroom, and I recommend it to anyone, amateur or professional, who takes a lot of images.  If you go on vacation somewhere wonderful and bring back 100 photos, Lightroom probably isn't for you, but if you routinely shoot a few hundred exposures or more on a weekend trip or a one day professional assignment, then you need it.  It's that simple.So, in this review, I am going to talk mostly about what's new.  There's quite a lot.  The two "inside the engine" things that got me excited are support for 64 bit operating systems and multiple monitors.  The 64 bit thing just makes it faster if you have a 64 bit operating system.  The two monitors let you see the grid view on the second screen while you work in loupe mode or develop on the other one.Another new feature is an adjustment brush that is local, making it easier to dodge and burn when necessary, and, if you sell print packages, you will enjoy the new ability to arrange multiple photos on a page.I couldn't really find much in the way of negatives to say, so I won't try.  If you like Lightroom 1.1, you will love this version, and if you take a lot of photos and haven't tried Lightroom yet, what are you waiting for
In the past I've tried earlier versions of the Rosetta software and I have to say they've made some good improvements with version 3. I like the way the software flows, the interface is less cluttered, and the quality of the photographs they use seems to have improved. This kit comes with the program, a supplemental audio CD set for level 3, and a USB headset with microphone. As soon as I plugged the headset into my Windows XP computer it was recognized and became active.The program itself is set up so you can get going pretty quickly and learn by speaking, listening, and clicking the picture on the screen that corresponds to the word you heard. There is no English spoken, only the language you are learning.This program also includes a CD to supplement what you're learning with the software. This way you can keep practicing on the train or in your car.All in all a well thought out easy to use system for learning a new language.
The Rosetta Stone programs are wonderful for anyone who wants to self-study a language. The lessons move along well, but they also repeat words and phrases enough that you can absorb them.I have installed Rosetta Stone software on both a PC (WinXP) and a Mac (OS-X), and have not had a problem on either system. Installation went smoothly and everything worked the first time. Installation does take a while, though, so expect to spend at least 20 or 30 minutes to get up and running.Chinese is a difficult language for me, so I have struggled more with these lessons than with other Rosetta Stone courses I have used. I like the fact that I can review the lessons until I feel comfortable with them.You will get out of this course what you put into it. If you are willing to spend the time, you should be able to learn enough of the language to be able to converse. (Reading and writing lessons are also included, if you wish to use them.)
I was a bit skeptical about this product when I first saw it (and the price tag), but after giving it lots of use for the past few weeks, it is clear that this language learning software is the best.  I've used other software programs in the past that have left me more confused than I was when I started.  This program actually has speech recognition to ensure you are doing everything correctly (and the speech recgonition actually works well), and if you are doing poorly on something it will automatically review that concept with you in a later lesson.The software worked a lot better than I expected, and the interface is really nice- easy enough for a computer novice to be able to use with ease.  If I had to list a complaint about the product it would be that the course focuses solely on speaking the language, and doesn't really show any Chinese characters, but then again, learning the 2000+ character alphabet wouldn't be something I'd want to do anyhow.  The price may seem high, but if you think what you might pay to take Chinese classes somewhere, the price is fairly reasonable.I highly recommend this software to anybody who is serious about learning Chinese, and is willing to devote a set amount of time each day to working on it.  If you aren't willing to work at it, the software isn't going to magically implant the language in your head.
This is not like French class in high school! No grammar, syntax, or conjugation!I really want to say, I'm very excited by this product. I've always been intrigued by the possibility of learning Chinese, but each time I looked into the options, I quickly gave up. The other books and tapes I've looked at are difficult and "flat", as in uni-dimensional. You either repeat what's on the tape ad nauseum, or read what's in the book ad nauseum, you get the idea.The Rosetta Stone Chinese program is very different. It's multi-dimensional in the sense that it gives you several ways to learn. You can use the computer-based tools to speak and get instantaneous feedback. You can use the Audio Companion CDs in your car (actually, on my iPod!) to practice while driving or whatever. Within the computer based tools are several ways to learn, including a cool Milestones test that inserts you into a real life situation where you have to speak the right answer. I was actually intimidated to try this for a few hours, because I didn't want to screw up, but eventually I tried it, screwed up, and learned more by doing so.I really like the Rosetta method of presenting you with visual images and spoken language for you to repeat, then visual "puzzles" for you to deduce the correct response. This is very natural once you get into it. It took me a while to get the "rhythm" and patterns of the language, but this method in particular helped me over that hump. That's the main reason for my 5 star rating. I couldn't get that from a "flat" book or tape series.This set includes everything, including the computer headset and  microphone, so you just drop it all in and go. It worked flawlessly on my vintage 2006 Windows XP laptop.Important: You are going to have to set aside time to learn Chinese with this or any other system. Five minutes here and there won't work. The program is broken up into lots of modules, so it is easy to focus on a small amount of related material at once, but FOCUS is the issue: I recommend 30-90 minutes at a time with no distractions (audio or visual!).The downside: I don't think I'm  going to become fluent reading or writing Chinese from this system. I didn't expect to be able to read written Chinese, so I did not reduce my review for this limitation. Perhaps others will have more luck, because the features are there to help you read two kinds of Chinese writing, but I don't think that part is going to make me literate. I can recognize some Chinese characters at this point, but there are thousands you have to know to be literate.By the way, if you want to get a taste of the Rosetta Stone method, go to their web site where they have an online sample of the watch-listen-try system (for Turkish!). The online sample does not include the instant feedback on your spoken words included in this package, or the Milestones or other features. It just grades your point-click responses, which will give you a taste. Plus, there's a Michael Phelps testimonial video about the Chinese program (recorded before he won all the medals in Beijing!)
This is easily the most comprehensive language instruction package I've ever seen. With four separate units, each split into several different sections -- including listening, speaking, vocabulary and grammar -- Rosetta Stone provides hours and hours of easy-to-use instruction in learning to speak the Chinese language like an expert.A language package like this requires the user to be a self-starter. There's nobody pushing you to use it or assessing your performance. The lack of feedback might prove challenging for some users. But if you're willing to push yourself, this system really works.Rosetta Stone comes with a high price tag. But if you're serious about learning Chinese, and have the discipline to follow a program on your own, your purchase will be money well spent.
Admittedly, being a westerner, getting a good grasp of a vowel mad language like Chinese, is very difficult.  I have only met one westerner who claimed he was able to learn Chinese MUCH easier than Latin based languages such as Italian or Spanish, et al.  Suffice it to say, he's the exception.But in the spirit of the recent Olympic games I decided to put my faith in Rosetta Stone, in helping me learn Chinese.  It is very slow going.  The program does a good job of easing you into the basics of the language.  Starting with easy words and relating them to pictures.  Note, that unlike a conventional course, you're not going to be getting any true grammar lessons; you won't have to sit and memorize how to convert a word from past to present, or male to female, or singular to plural.  The beauty of RS, is that you'll be eased into intrinsically learning it as you go, almost without thinking about it, as you continuously relate words and phrases to pictures.One other thing I must add, that like French, Chinese is heavy on proper pronunciation.  The only way you can learn this language even a little bit is to several (I should say many) times listening to the word/phrases being spoken and repeating them back to the computer, trying to match up your pronunciation with that of your computer teacher/expert.  This is not easy for me, but the program lets you go at your own pace, unlike a conventional class, and won't bug you if you're too lazy to one day sit down at the computer.  But I must underscore that with an Asian language, to a western mind, you must practice everyday because it is extremely simple to forget a word.  That is what the audio companion of this package is all about, and for Chinese, is worth spending the extra money for, as opposed to the RS package that doesn't have the audio companion.  Take it along with you, maybe not to pronounce the words back as you hear them (people on the train may think you're mad :-), but to at least remind yourself of what you learned the day before, and mentally repeat it back to yourself before you continue studying after work/school.  That way, you won't have to bother reviewing and wasting your time, and instead will be ready to move on to the next section.
This is not an in depth review. I've just started with the Rosetta Stone Chinese. I know it will be year or maybe even never, that I will be fluent in this lanuage. But Rosetta Stone's learning processes are well known for all their language study programs. I've personally used French, German, Japanese, Hebrew, and now Chinese. I'm comfortable with their methodology and know that if I'm willing to put the effort in, on a regular basis, I can get to a decent level of proficiency in a new language in a year's time. Now a decent level of proficiency is not the same as fluent but it's worthwhile if your interest is in learning.If you want to learn to read, write, speak, and understand a foreign language, and you're willing to dedicate regular daily time to do so, I don't think you'll find a better self study program available than Rosetta Stone.
I'm still working through the basics. So far, this is an awesome package. Chinese is tough because of the strange alphabet and the language is totally different from English. Even though I have a busy schedule, I'm still able to learn Chinese bit by bit in the time that I do have. This is an expensive package, but worth it. It's nice to be able to go at your own pace. I would not call myself intellectual, but Rosetta Stone makes learning languages a fun hobby.Included in this package are:* printed manuals (very nice - a lot of software packages neglect these)* software CDs for all 3 levels* audio companion CDs for all 3 levels* USB headphone and microphone setThe software allows you to focus on the aspects of the language you want to learn first and provides you a total immersion environment. Rather than dull repetition, the software guides you through the learning process with related graphics so you see & hear the words at the same time.Even with all the goodies, the work isn't done for you, as with anything if you want to learn it, you do have to put some effort into it.
Okay, so maybe you don't know anyone who speaks fluent Chinese, but you really want to learn the language through immersion with feedback, long accepted as the most effective way to learn a new language. I've reviewed Rosetta Stone products before, and the Chinese Level 1, 2, & 3 Set with Audio Companion is again head and shoulders above anything else out there. You use the software at home, and use the CDs for immersion when you're out and about, whether driving, shopping, exercising, or even -- if you can get away with it -- working! It's truly an amazing system and the Chinese course continues their winning streak.
My kids are taking mandarin at the Charter Scholl they attend.  I thought this would be a good addendum to help them with the Class.  I have done the Danish and German Rosetta Stones in the past.  I did get a lot out of the German one but I had taken a German class in college.  The Danish one not so well as my pronounciation of Scandanavian vowels is lacking.  Fortunately the Danes speak American English.The Mandarin course is a bit different in that it teaches Chinese Letters too though you can decide to do the entire course using only the Roman alphabet.  I found the software can be as easy or as Challenging as you wish.The Course is presented in three sections.  A basic, intermediate, and more advanced sections.  You create a profile for yourself and based on your age and gender the software will compensate for you on its voice recognition software.The best thing about the course is the voice recognition.  You say the words and the system tell you if you are correct.  I can't pronounce English very well so I'm not quite sure how accurate it is.The Basic course is pretty simple.  It teaches you touristy things like eating, walking, running, cooking, and the differences in gender.  I like rosetta stone because it emmerses you in the language.  It doesn't try to translate.  You infer from the pictures what you are saying.The courses get harder and harder as you go along.  I found I tend to forget what I learned in the class if I try to remember but pick it up again immediately when confronted with it in real life.I would reccomend it highly for someone just looking for a simple tool to introduce them to the Chinese alphabet and Mandarin.  I thought it and the other courses I got to be well worth it.
Having been a user of Rosetta Stone products for some time I was off and running very quickly with the Chinese language course. The software is easy to install and interesting to set up and get immersed into.A word to the wise though. Some people may approach this process very casually and try to either blast through it or not take it very serious. I can only say that any user, regardless of their background, needs to take it slow and pace themselves.1. Approaching learning Chinese with this program should be like taking any college course.2. You should take notes and keep a journal of your progress.3. After the first three days you should start to chart your progress.4. You should practice with the system at least an hour a day for the first five days.5. You should speak aloud as many of the phrases as you can after every period once you've stepped away from your computer.You don't have to be a native speaker to stay on course and progress, but please don't think that you'll be disappearing into the crowd or ordering deftly from the menus of out-of-the-way dim sum restaurants any time soon.I recommend this program for people who have a serious yen, no pun intended, to get a jump start on taking Chinese. Some folks like to think that taking a foreign language is about memorization and  repetition. But that just isn't the case, if it was, we'd probably all be home schooled via VCR.Listen to me, nothing can compare to learning Chinese in a classroom, under pressure and under the gun of requirements and deadlines. The benefit and the beauty is participating with other classmates and going over the material in a setting that can also build your confidence. Learning at home alone, with a set of headphones doesn't really give you this, even though you may walk away with some sound basics. If you're going to study this over the summer and then concentrate on a double semester course in Chinese, you'll probably excel and be the star student. In this scenario, I cannot recommend it enough. If you're going to lock yourself in a dark room and try to learn Chinese with this, don't get your hopes up. You'll discover that the moment you open your mouth.Best of luck, kind regards and don't forget your local Community College or State University.
The Rosetta Stone program installed easily on my PC, and was up and running without any problems.The lessons are easy to follow, and start you learning instantly.I found it easy to follow the lessons and started absorbing the words and phrases with no difficulty.I am looking forward to the more advanced lessons.This is a much easier and more effective way to learn a language than other audio and computer programs I have tried.
This is by far the best self-guided foreign language product on the market that I have used.  I highly recommend it, it makes learning a foreign language much easier, and it is very intuitive to use.
This is easily the most comprehensive language instruction package I've ever seen. With four separate units, each split into several different sections -- including listening, speaking, vocabulary and grammar -- Rosetta Stone provides hours and hours of easy-to-use instruction in learning to speak the French language like an expert.A language package like this requires the user to be a self-starter. There's nobody pushing you to use it or assessing your performance. The lack of feedback might prove challenging for some users. But if you're willing to push yourself, this system really works.Rosetta Stone comes with a high price tag. But if you're serious about learning French, and have the discipline to follow a program on your own, your purchase will be money well spent.
I have taken a number of classes to learn a variety of languages (French formal classes, Korean, Modern Standard Arabic to name a few), and have forgotten most of them all. Learning on the computer has been a new and fairly positive experience for me. The package comes with a number of elements: the base software, the particular language elements to plug into the base software, audio companion CDs for review offline and a USB headset/microphone.Installation is a two part process, 1) install the base software, 2) install any language element tiers. (The headset will need some installation time, but that should be managed by the system). The installation progressed pretty smooth, took a reasonable amount of time, no errors.While the process has been much quicker, more of a review, than with the Spanish version, I have followed the lesson plans to get a true feel for the software. Learning is geared toward an immersive process where you start speaking pretty much right at the start (kind of like being tossed into the pool and told to swim). You start by selecting your goals (read, write, speak, etc.) and then follow the lesson plan, reviewing as often as necessary. My personal experience has been that I enjoy the immersive process, I am still working through the lessons, but I fell that I have gained considerably more than I have in past language learning opportunities. The process has been a fairly painless process, and I devote time when available.My bottom line is that the product is pretty pricey, but gives you one of the best learning experiences I can imagine short of being dropped off in Paris. P-)
I was terribly excited to receive this box of software; French was my first language now long-forgotten, and I've been aching to try my hand at picking the language up again. On TV, Rosetta Stone promises users of its products that they will be comfortable with any of their language courses in short order, citing their use by the US State Department, the US Army and others.Well, time to give it a try. The yellow box's contents were a User's Guide, the usual assortment of user agreements, registration cards, a Quick Start guide, a small pamphlet on setting up the included USB headset on one's computer and of course, the software DVDs (one application disk and three language disks, one each for French levels 1, 2, and 3) along with Audio Companion CDs that serve as a complement to the software course--supposedly, these will help you practice what you've learned in the software and is meant to be played on a CD player or downloaded (as they put it) to an MP3 player.In itself, impressive set if a little overwhelming, but I found the instructions rather straightforward and easy-to-use. Just following the instructions in the Quick Start guide was enough to have me operational on my within the hour. The headset installation instructions were equally as easy to follow on my Vista PC and there's even a French QWERTY keyboard overlay. The folks at Rosetta Stone have outdone themselves in this regard. There are far too many instances of software installation and use that get in the way of the software itself.So, how did I find the software and did I learn some French? I admit freely that I was a bit skeptical about the company's claims. No grammar workbooks or textbooks, just what they call a "natural" way of learning through something called Dynamic Immersion, which sounds like being kicked off the side of the pool into the deep end, only less pleasant! Their admonition is to simply trust the method as it works without requiring translation. They promise that I will be speaking French immediately from the first lesson and that was no joke.The levels are broken into units which are further subdivided into core lessons, focused activities and finally, a milestone. The program starts with a few questions about the user's goals which can revolve around both speaking and writing the language, just writing or just speaking. The recommended default is to focus on both speaking and writing, which is what I chose.From the "home" screen, the user can see their progress along the lesson, the unit and the entire course. It's truly easy to use. The content is also incredible: you will either type responses, listening to and repeating after a speaker (which is scored as well) or choosing the correct answers from multiple-choices or typing out the proper sentence. In so doing, you find yourself picking up on vocabulary, proper pronunciation, writing and grammatical structure.I have finished the first level and I'm looking forward to the second level as it is easy, but hard work if that makes sense. I haven't yet listened to the audio CDs, but if the software is anything to go by, my god. I am so impressed with the quality of the software and instruction that I am giving Rosetta Stone French the highest recommendations. Five, extremely deserved stars.
I have always wanted to learn so at least understand French. Rosetta Stone instruction relies upon total immersion, aurally & visually. This is not a program that will work for anyone who wants to learn while driving. One must sit in front of the computer screen and one again learns by hearing the language spoken and seeing images, probably the most basic way most people learn best. Since this methodolgy requires a great deal of time, it is ideal for those seriously interested in comprehending an additional language.
Rosetta Stone is a top quality language learning program that is truly impressive.  The package of materials includes a computer program, USB audio headset with microphone,  keyboard overlay for the standard French keyboard, a clear and detailed instruction booklet, and multiple CD's to reinforce your language learning program.I'm very impressed with the clarity of the lessons, and the comprehensive nature of the course.  For the cost of a single college credit (state or community college, really), you can get a thorough grounding in the language of your choice, with audio and visual materials far better than you'll find in most college classrooms.  BTW, the accent is better than many local instructors, and the computer-based instructor has endless patience, too!
My company is planning on expanding to Canada, soon, and I thought that it would be a great "investment" to try the French version of Rosetta Stone.I must say that it is making learning French as easy as possible, and I'm learning so much every day.  I have learned so many different phrases, and learning everyday.I'm sure it is going to come in very handy when we go live.  Thanks RS for such a wonderful product!
I've used Rosetta Stone before so was familiar with their system. Their method of learning a language really works. When I first started using the system I kept thinking there's no way I can learn like this but before I knew it I was recognizing and understanding French words and phrases. Don't kid yourself, there are no shortcuts to learning a language. But, if you're willing to put the consistent time and effort into it, Rosetta Stone will get you there.
I am the kind of person who was never good at learning a foreign language.  In high school I took 2 years of German; in college I had two semesters of German.  Yet I was barely able to ask where the bathroom was after all that.  It just never clicked.Fast forward 15 years and Rosetta Stone has transformed the language learning process!  For years I've seen ads for Rosetta Stone in magazines and at the airport.  Looking at the price tag I was always thinking to myself "Yeah, right.  There's money that will go right down the drain!"  Little did I know how wrong I was.I started out skeptical -- and have to admit I was making it hard from the start -- but after two lessons with Rosetta Stone I was actually starting to enjoy learning French!  I found myself really getting into the lessons and -- amazingly -- was starting to retain some of the words and their meaning!Rosetta isn't like tradition language classes.  You don't try to memorize words and phrases.  No, they do away with all that nonsense.  Instead you are immersed in the language through a multi-media experience.  Images and sounds encapsulate you.  You are actually learning French as though you were dropped right in the middle of France!  You are learning it how every school child learns it!Now here we are 3 months later and I can honestly hold a basic conversation in French.  I feel confident I could get on the plane and land in France and be able to get around and take care of myself with relying on English or a translator.  Now THAT is amazing -- at least for me!This old dog has been taught some new tricks -- and I highly recommend this software not only for business folks, but also for kids and others who want to learn a foreign language without being forced to memorize useless phrases that make the proces so difficult.
If you've ever lived in a foreign country, you know that the first phrases and words you learn are those which you hear repeatedly associate with a particular object or experience. This is also the way we learn our mother tongue as children, though most adults don't think much about the roots of their own language learning.The Rosetta Stone software attempts to teach foreign languages in the same manner as living abroad or acquiring one's native language. It offers pictures and associated phrases for the learner to listen to and repeat. This method is very effective for the best possible retention and recall, though some might find it a bit repetitive and intense. The software does not act like a textbook offering explanations, translations and grammar. It acts like a private tutor.A USB headset is included with the software and you repeat the words you hear as part of the test to help reinforce your memory as well as check your pronunciation. If you complete all the contents of the discs, I have no doubt you will be ready to take the next step and start practicing with native speakers of the language you are studying. Note that the program is no substitute for real world practice, but they are a very good way to prepare you for such practice.I did not speak any French at all when I started going through the Core study program and found that I rapidly understood and remembered the basics I was being taught though I had to struggle not to think too much about the grammatical changes and focus on listening, repeating, and clicking the mouse. The basic testing procedure (at least at low levels) is to introduce a word or phrase, test the learners memory by having her choose a picture which is associated with the phrase and then ask the learner to spontaneously say the target word or phrase while only looking at a picture (this is close to the real world need to recall the words and phrases).While I enthusiastically endorse the software as a learning tool, I had some trouble with the discs themselves. It took a long time to read the first disc (about a half hour) and I believe it may have been scratched in the cardboard slip case causing my computer to have issues reading the disc. I think the discs ought to be put in better protection, but, other than that, I had no problems and was very pleased.
I already have the Spanish version of Rosetta Stone, but we are planning a trip to Italy (hopefully) this fall, so I jumped on a recent offer to try out the Italian version, too. (Please see my review of the Spanish version, as well.)I find the software incredibly intuitive to learn and use, and while there's a LOT of review, it definitely drums things into your head. I also like the diversity used in the photos -- OK, sometimes it's a little surprising to have a picture of a man who's clearly Central Asian when you're in the middle of your Italian lesson, but people from all ethnicities speak all different languages in this jet-setting world, so I guess it really shouldn't seem all that unusual!One relatively minor complaint: Both my husband and I have had some issues with the headset. Sometimes we've found ourselves shouting into it in Italian, trying to get it to pick up our words. Other times, we're positive that we're pronouncing the words correctly, but it doesn't think we are. The one that came with my Spanish set seems to work better than the one that came with the Italian set, for some reason. Considering the cost of the program, a more reliable headset would be nice.A word about the audio companions -- they're very handy, but they will NOT work on their own. We find them useful mostly for when we're driving and want to practice a bit. I particularly like to use them to keep me from forgetting what I've learned when I haven't had a chance to use the software for a little while.
I have used other Rosetta Stone programs and really like the teaching method they use. Each lesson introduces new words and phrases, which are repeated in different ways. The repetition makes it easy to retain the language lessons. The lessons progress in a logical way, so each builds on what has come before.There were no technical problems for me in installing this program on my laptop running Windows XP. Installation takes a long time (it's a big program), but it worked perfectly. The headset is somewhat flimsy, but it works. Do turn the volume down VERY low before you start the program, or the sound will blast you out of your chair.Rosetta Stone allows a lot of customization. For example, you can choose to learn reading and writing, speaking and listening, or reading, writing, speaking and listening. You can also choose how precise you want the voice recognition to be, so you can make it easier or more difficult.The Audio Companion CDs do not seem very useful to me. They do not contain English translations, so their only purpose would be to listen to the pronunciation as a review.The Rosetta Stone program is one of the best ways I have found to learn a new language. I had considered the intensive language program offered by a local college, but spending an entire week in a classroom would be hard to work in to my schedule. The Rosetta Stone lessons can be done on my schedule, at my convenience. Of course, you do need to work the lessons regularly so that you retain what you learned in the previous lessons and just because of the volume of information presented.If you have tried other language programs without success, Rosetta Stone could work for you. Although the course includes listening and repeating, it is more interactive and interesting that those old language courses on cassettes or vinyl albums.
This is easily the most comprehensive language instruction package I've ever seen. With four separate units, each split into several different sections -- including listening, speaking, vocabulary and grammar -- Rosetta Stone provides hours and hours of easy-to-use instruction in learning to speak the Italian language like an expert.A language package like this requires the user to be a self-starter. There's nobody pushing you to use it or assessing your performance. The lack of feedback might prove challenging for some users. But if you're willing to push yourself, this system really works.Rosetta Stone comes with a high price tag. But if you're serious about learning Italian, and have the discipline to follow a program on your own, your purchase will be money well spent.
The Rosetta Stone program is truly ingenious.  I have spent the last two months using the program and the amount you can learn in that time is by far superior to memorization or learning from a book.  Rosetta Stone works the same way you learn your first language - without translation memorization.  It seems a little repetitive as you go along, but when you realize how much you remember without any prompting or memorization, it's truly amazing.  I just returned from a trip to Italy and the program helped me communicate, and perhaps more importantly, really taught me the fundamentals of the language and pronunciation.  Therefore, I could look up a word in a small phrasebook if needed, and feel confident when speaking to locals.  I highly recommend the Rosetta Stone program for those who want to learn a new language.  The fact that the headphones will listen to you and confirm if you are using correct inflection and pronunciation is very helpful in giving you the confidence to begin using your newly learned language in the real world.
Having been born and raised in Italy, I still get out of touch with the language if I'm not actively using it for long periods of time.  The Rosetta Stone makes this "brushing up" on Italian fun and very easy.Learning Italian or even freshening up after not speaking, reading or writing for a long period is fast, effective and as fun as playing a game but, you are also learning the language at the same time!The speakers are speaking without a dialect which I was apprehensive about. They speak proper Italian without any pronunciation relating to so many dialects.Calling it "Dynamic Immersion" with four dynamic strategies, which are: intuition, interactivity, instruction and images.All aspects of learning the language is by simple activities. Beginning with the nouns, verbs and other basics. You learn as you did as a child. It very engaging and almost magical.Pronunciation, through speech analysis and recognition. Using repetition and correction until the pronunciation of words and phrases are perfected.  There is  an advanced speech analysis graph that you can compare your speech to the "native speaker", which is terrific for novices.  The speech recognition software is an outstanding feature.Under each level there are many "units" to practice and learn.  There are 3 levels altogether to work through.  After completing the course work there are 3 levels of audio companion (4 cd's each level) to help you practice what you have learned in Rosetta Stone version 3 software.For me using the more advanced lessons was very beneficial. I'm certain to continue using it.Through The Rosetta Stone, learning a new language is not a heavy task.  Anyone can and will learn just by following the program.This program is great for people like me who are already experienced with Italian, but need refreshing from time to time and for people first learning the language
This is my second Rosetta Stone.  I spoke Italian as a child and wanted to do something to bring it back. This has three lessons and three components so that it helps people with different learning styles. You say it. You see it. You hear it.  It comes with everything you need including the microphone recorder/headphone set. The immersion with the learning software is excellent, as if you are in Italy you see all the things you would see in the various towns. The one caveat with Rosetta stone is that you have to take the time to listen to it and reveiw the software. This isn't one of those "listen on your way to work" things.
Let's face it: a lot of computer-assisted instruction is just plain lame or worse.They can suffer from either being rote memorization schemes or over-glorified games or simply textbooks in electronic form.Rare is a system that truly utilizes what computers can do best to solidly teach concepts.Rosetta Stone delivers.It teaches language using multiple sensory inputs (picture & voice) and multiple feedback mechanisms (your voice and hand-eye choices).  It is able to adjust and compensate for your learning speed and strengths on the fly.  It is engaging without being just a game.  And it is able to effectively teach without English--- which is the closest you can get to a dedicated immersion course.I had previously installed and used the Spanish Rosetta Stone, and found that it was easy to install the Italian Rosetta Stone as a 2nd language onto my base installation on my computer.  My ten year old now is going around saying Italian phrases and saying, "I can speak Italian!"Bottom line:  I am very impressed.  My ten year old loves it, actually WANTS to do the lessons.  I'm having fun with it too, even though languages are definitely not my strong suit.  If you want to learn a language on your own, this is the best way I know to do it.
I am working with Rosetta Spanish (Latin American) at the moment and have this one waiting in the wings.  From my experience with the Spanish, I can say hands down Rosetta is the best language-learning system I've ever seen, heard about, or used -- period.  Pricey, yes, but definitely worth it.  I am continually amazed at how quickly I am learning, how much I am learning, and for that matter, how enjoyable the process is.  Why didn't I start this years ago????
Rosetta Stone has another winner withRosetta Stone Version 3: Italian Level 1, 2 & 3 Set with Audio Companion!I continue to be amazed at the creative variety of teaching used in the Rosetta Stone packages - seeing, speaking, hearing.  There are even audio CD's to use in your car or on your iPod..  The package includes a special USB headphone/microphone for practicing, and even a keyboard overlay so that you can learn to type in Italian.I'm very impressed with the quality of all of the components in this set, and of the design of the materials (this isn't some cheap cassette and booklet).  The whole package is really handsome, and the methods used to teach Italian are really well-designed.If you put in the effort, there's no doubt this method works.  I found myself picking up a new language more easily than I thought.
I can't say enough about this product. This is the way to learn to speak Italian! Installation is easy and the lessons flow along in a smooth and exciting way. You'll be speaking that wonderfully romantic language from lesson one! I love the interactive method that Rosetta Stone utilizes. It's like a conversation - you are learning Italian the same way you learned English. Fascinating and effective. Worth every penny!!
Like other RS products this one uses full immersion for the language-learning portion of the program.  It is easy to use and allows you to "jump around" if you feel like you need to go back and review an earlier section. RS's approach is to "immerse" you in the language so you are learning it the way a native speaker would.  There is no tedious memorization and, before long, you find that you begin to understand the language first and then you begin to be able to speak it--it almost sneaks up on you.  This all makes the program fun to use, particularly for people who learn best by seeing or hearing but make no mistake--it is also a lot of effort.  The program does create a very nice positive feedback loop where success begets success and failure circles you back until it becomes success.  In short, if you stick with the program it is hard to fail.
I am an Army Reservist and had to learn Arabic really quickly.  I used Rosetta Stone and couldn't believe how fast I learned Arabic basics.  Well, I'm back from the Middle East and can tell you that what they teach you is applicable and correct.So, I am planning a trip to Italy in a few months and immediately thought of Rosetta Stone because I only know as much Italian as what I have heard from watching the Saprano's.  I have been using the system for the last couple of month's now and I feel very confident in being able to carry on a basic conversation in Italian and I am only though 1/2 of the course.  I'm astonished.For those not familiar with Rosetta Stone's programs, they are hand's down the easiest way to learn a language.  Just brief over the basic instructions, put the disc in your drive, and start--it's that simple!  You don't have to pour over manuals, dictionaries, audio discs/tapes or history books.I've tried Berlitz and many other programs in the past that required all of those other 'tools' and their systems depended on memorization.  Other programs don't work for me.  Rosetta stone uses another approach by allowing you to learn a language in a way that allows you to UNDERSTAND the language instead of MEMORIZING a language. If I can't remember a shopping list, how can I memorize an entire language?By the way, the US Army offers only 1 language program free to soldiers and it's Rosetta Stone...because it is the only one that works.
I have always had a inferiority complex when learning foreign languages.  I nearly failed my high school Latin class and hated studying grammer.Why then can I enthusiastically recommend Rosetta Stone Italian?  In a word, it is fun!If you are not familiar with their approach, Rosetta Stone immerses you in the language through photos, repetition and contextural clues.  The photographs are beautiful,  the voiceovers are rich, the challenges interesting.  You learn by doing, repeating and adding variety.  It is like being dropped in the middle of Italy with nothing but your time and your willingness to learn.In the beginning, it is easy to build your vocabulary, as you respond to prompts.  Later as you build, you learn more grammer, the same way you learned English, through example. If you are patient and work hard, more and more puzzle pieces will fall into place. Though I am in the early stages of the process, I have no doubt that I can get a good working understanding of the language over a period of months if I am diligent.Is Rosetta Stone worth it?I haven't tried all the programs but have purchased Instant Immersion and Pimseluer but I have found they do not hold my interest like the Rosetta Stone version.  Though the other programs are a fraction of the cost, they don't seem to make me want to learn like the Rosetta Stone program.My conclusion is that Rosetta Stone works.  That means value to me.
Okay, so maybe you don't know anyone who speaks fluent Italian, but you really want to learn the language through immersion with feedback, long accepted as the most effective way to learn a new language. I've reviewed Rosetta Stone products before, and the Italian Level 1, 2, & 3 Set with Audio Companion is again head and shoulders above anything else out there. You use the software at home, and use the CDs for immersion when you're out and about, whether driving, shopping, exercising, or even -- if you can get away with it -- working! It's truly an amazing system and the Italian course continues their winning streak.
The basic Rosetta Stone method teaches you through pairing pictures with words and phrases. Teaching this way is done to discourage learning a foreign language by translating from the learner's native language. This method not only simulates the way we learned our own language as children, but it also prevents the student from speaking slowly because he or she is first crafting the sentence or words in his or her native tongue then translating to the foreign language.Each level contains 4 lessons based on a theme (basics, shopping, greetings, etc.) with 4 units in each lesson. The first unit is always the shortest because each subsequent lesson contains a review of preceding lessons. So, while you may feel overwhelmed at first during the "core" portion of the unit, you will practice enough to master the content by the end of the lesson. The reviews are well-placed and very good at reinforcing your memory of the material, but for quick learners, they can be skipped.Each user can customize the lesson content to include whatever type of practice he or she wants. For instance, you can do pronunciation practice or choose not to use the headset (included with the software) and do any speaking out loud. That means you can study anywhere any time by customizing the study session based on how much privacy you have.This method is enjoyable and you can set goals easily and experience measurable progress. Because of the way the lessons and units are broken up, it's easy to remain motivated despite not having an actual teacher pushing you. That being said, the software is no substitute for a lesson or real world practice. It is, however, an excellent way to be grounded in a lot of basics such that you are ready for basic communication in a foreign country.There are a few down sides to the software though depending on your learning style. Some people want more of an explanation of the grammatical patterns. You are expected to grasp the concept being practiced through patterns and pictures. If you can't grasp it for some reason, you'll need to consult an outside source for an explanation. Also, all of the Rosetta Stone language series use the same pictures so you will not see culture-specific photos. This doesn't bother me, but some people may find it distracting. Finally, I have found that sometimes the photo used doesn't match the phrase properly in a few rare cases. For instance, the phrase you practice might be "they're holding a book", but the picture is of someone with a newspaper.As a final side note, I use Rosetta Stone on a 3-year old Mac Mini and, while it generally runs fine, sometimes there are errors which require me to quit the program and re-load. If you repair permissions, this  happens less frequently. Also, screen loads can sometimes be a bit lazy. If your machine is as slow and anemic as mine, you may want to keep this in mind before making a purchase.
I originally became interested in Italian when I visited there a couple years ago.  At the time, I just wanted to learn enough to get by in the event that I was in a situation where there wasn't an English speaker.  So, I purchased the drive time italian audio CD's and tried to learn from them. I was very unimpressed with them and felt like ten hours of CDs got me little more than the ability to say hello and goodbye.Being in Italy spurred me into wanting to actually learn more of the lesson, so when Rossetta Stone 3 was made available I jumped at the chance to go further. So far, I can say that this is leap years ahead of the drive time italian course.This product allows you to customize it to your goals (read, write, listen, speak) through a very simple startup screen (which can be setup for different users) and then it automatically builds the lessons for you.I find the lessons to be enjoyable and very useful.  The speech recognition aspect is awesome.  It lets you even customize how precise you want the software to grade your pronunciation.Aside from the computer aspect, this product provides a whole set of CDs that complement the main software.  This is great for reinforcing your learnings when you aren't in front of the computer.The downsides of the product do NOT outweigh the upsides in my opinion. However, I should list a few for you. 1) It is pricey. 2) It doesn't allow you to run it on more than one computer (you can move it to a new computer, but you have to uninstall it from the first computer). 3) The included headset is a bit flimsy.Bottom Line: If you are wanting to learn the language, excel when presented with multiple ways to learn it (visual, auditory, and written), and want to do it at your own pace, I really think this is a great option and can recommend it.  If you are only wanting to pick up the bare minimums for surviving travel in Italy and are on a budget, find another product that focuses on getting you into the basic phrases you'll need.  Overall, a great product.
What more can I really say that hasn't been said before about this product? Nothing really, except to say that it is easy to use and it works.Rosetta Stone's German levels 1, 2 and 3 are in this set, with the audio companion and earphones/microphone.  This set allows an individual to emmerse themselves in the German language immediately, and learn the language as a a child does, by hearing it and repeating it, building upon the basics and moving forward.If you want the best learning language software... for German, or any other language, Rosetta Stone is the one.  Yes, it costs more, but if you devote the time to using the software it will work for you.
I didn't have immediate expectations of being fluent or even conversant in German from using this program (that will be a much longer journey) - so I am rather pleased so far.  I can understand many of the criticisms.This product immerses you virtually into the language learning process - via conversation.The program installs easily, and activiation is simple for all 3 levels.  There is a USB headset & micrphone included - not going to replace you highend gaming headset, but it does the job.  I have a long journey ahead of me to make progress, but I think this is a very good first step as a learning tool.
Although German was my first language, I only really spoke it as a child.  Rosetta Stone helped me improve my vocabulary and facility with the language. While my pronunciation was authentic enough, my vocabulary and ability to form intelligent sentences in German was seriously lacking and not on par with that of adult requirements. Spending time with this comprehensive program has been of great help to me with my very basic German and allowed me to build upon that foundation. This type of self-study program requires not only motivation but sincere dedication.Rosetta Stone Version 3: German Level 1, 2 & 3 Set with Audio Companion
Let's face it: a lot of computer-assisted instruction is just plain lame or worse.They can suffer from either being rote memorization schemes or over-glorified games or simply textbooks in electronic form.Rare is a system that truly utilizes what computers can do best to solidly teach concepts.Rosetta Stone delivers.It teaches language using multiple sensory inputs (picture & voice) and multiple feedback mechanisms (your voice and hand-eye choices).  It is able to adjust and compensate for your learning speed and strengths on the fly.  It is engaging without being just a game.  And it is able to effectively teach without English--- which is the closest you can get to a dedicated immersion course.I had previously installed and used the Spanish & Italian Rosetta Stone, and found that it was easy to install the German Rosetta Stone as a 3rd language onto my base installation on my computer.  It's easy to switch between languages and users & keep track of your progress with each.Bottom line:  I am very impressed.  My ten year old loves it, actually WANTS to do the lessons.  I'm having fun with it too, even though languages are definitely not my strong suit.  If you want to learn a language on your own, this is the best way I know to do it.
Rosetta Stone simply has no competition when it comes to teaching languages. There is nothing in comparison to the ease and simplicity that is built into this system. Flawless computer installation, easy to use. The interactive method is without peer. Using the headset and microphone, you are speaking German from lesson one! You are learning German the same way you learned English - conversationally. If you are interested in learning to speak German, this is the only way to go (other than moving to Germany and being adopted by a German family). Worth every penny!
I really like the Rosetta Stone Learning System. It does makes it easier for you by being immersed in the language. I have a fluent speaking friend and family member, but they can not always help me to understand the finer points of learning the language. This system combines a course outline and immersion at the same time. It's kind of like having a tour guide explaining to you the sights, sounds and history of what of what you are visiting. Then after my lessons I can speak to my friends and they can help me with the inflections and context of the words and phrases.The system is not cheap. It comes with a USB headset and works on Win/Mac systems. There are 12 discs in the set. This 3 level set is great because you will move thru the lessons fast. A lot faster than reading or listening alone. My brother borrowed my set because he is taking a class at our local university and has found that Rosetta Stone gives him an edge over his classmates. He is going for straight A's this semester, so this has encouraged him that studying is not as hard as it seems.I also think that this system is good for many different age groups. I find the material just right. If you are planning on traveling, this would be perhaps a little too much, but if you did get it and started studying perhaps 3 months before you went, you would more than know how to communicate and get around. I really can't say enough about this system because it was just what I was looking for and needed. All of the 5 star reviews here are right.
I've always had a mental block against learning German. The language sounded difficult to understand, so I expected it to be difficult to learn. Nothing could be further from the truth. I've dabbled in Spanish and French for years, and can get along in either language for the basics, but learning to speak German was, in my mind, an unattainable goal.My son just started his first year of German language instruction in high school, so this seemed like a good fit for both of us to learn this language. In spending a mere 20 minutes a day with this software, my son just received his first progress report, and earned an A in German, and told me that this software has already progressed past what is being taught in class. It was nice to find out that this software has made his academics that much easier.This version of Rosetta Stone has various focus areas so you can adjust the program to suit your needs. In the speech recognition settings, you can adjust the program for male/female, under or over 14 years old, and degree of speech precision. It also works just as well with a small external microphone and standard computer speakers as it does with the included headset. We have chosen to use the program with theLogitech USB Desktop Microphoneand theLogitech AudioHub Notebook Speakersrather than the included headset.Additionally, there are four different course settings, that you can customize depending upon your needs. They recommend Reading, Writing, Speaking, and Listening, most likely because it is a comprehensive yet speedy path. If you have more time to devote to learning German, or are having difficulty, they also offer an extended version of these four areas that adds in additional review, listening, and reading. You can also choose Speaking and Listening (great for travel) or Reading and Writing if your goal is to learn to read German literature, but not necessarily speak the language.Before each lesson, if you hover over the lesson tile, it tells you the expected completion time. I have found most lessons can be completed in slightly less time than shown. Any lesson can be repeated. My seven year old daughter uses the Spanish version, and goes back and repeats lessons until she earns 100%. (What a perfectionist!) My son is quite happy just missing a question here or there and progressing along. That is the great thing about Rosetta Stone, you really are in control of what you are learning and how you are learning it.Finally, this is a true immersion program. No where in the program will they speak to you in English, nor will they translate for you. You learn to speak and think in German with this program.I highly recommend Rosetta Stone for travel, school, and business language learning needs. I've tried Pimsleur and Mango, even up until a month ago, and this is the easiest and most comprehensive program I've found.
I am not new to Rosetta Stone. I own 3 of their language programs. Although I cannot yet come close to speaking German fluently I wanted to write a positive review on behalf of the Rosetta Stone "Dynamic Immersion" methodology.There are no shortcuts to learning a foreign language. I am a slow learner. I've suffered from two strokes and have difficulty reading and retaining even simple books written in my native English language. One positive aspect of ANY computer language learning software is that the student can truly progress at his/her own pace. I need and want to repeat every sequential lesson I take with my Rosetta Stone and it has more patience than any human teacher on the planet could ever have. However, as I said, that's probably true of all language learning software programs.Even though I'm a veteran user of Rosetta Stone's products I am still always amazed when I start in on a new language and this German package was no exception. As I'm involved in the first lesson, I find myself thinking "There's no way I'll ever get this. This is too difficult, and this methodology seems ridiculous" I probably continue to have these thoughts because I, like many of you, took a couple of foreign language semesters in high school, some 35 years ago! But, the truth is, after the second or third lesson I'm now thinking "Oh my gosh, this is working! I can't believe it but I'm getting smarter and some of this stuff is actually sticking in my brain!"Additionally, there is comfort in buying Rosetta Stone products from a Customer Support standpoint. They've been around a long time. Just about every review you read about them at any Web site or in any newspaper or magazine is positive. Their airport kiosks are as recognizable Bose's airport kiosks. They DO offer phone support and you can speak to a living breathing human who I think resides in the 48 contiguous United States and can generally understand the purpose for your call. Assuming you're and English speaking caller that is.Learning a foreign language requires commitment and there aren't any short cuts. Any self study, including Rosetta Stone, requires more self discipline than taking a series of classes in a classroom environment. However, taking a class is no guarantee of success nor does it offer shortcuts. There are no shortcuts anywhere! Of course, their is something to be said for, and a benefit to having a live teacher that can give you immediate help when needed. Beyond that, it is difficult for me to imagine choosing a classroom environment over the Rosetta Stone self study program. Add to the already described benefits the fact that you can go at your own pace, work in your pajamas, cut class short for a bathroom or food break without missing a single lesson, and, NO DRIVING!!!! Well, to me the choice is clear and obvious. For ANY foreign language, even those with entirely different alphabets than ours, Rosetta Stone gets my business.A quick note about competing products: I've not tried many other foreign language programs. I did use one for Spanish, I don't recall the name but it was completely different than Rosetta Stone. I listened to it on my iPod. It was not interactive and really doesn't compare. Then again, I don't think it was designed for really long term learning of a language. It was more of a quick, get ready for a trip to Spain, thing that I did.Before buying anything that's over say $100 though I do like to research by reading as much (e.g., reviews, Consumer Reports, etc.) as I can. I encourage anyone to do the same. If, after researching, you arrive at a different purchase decision than Rosetta Stone, please let me know by responding to this review. I'd like to hear your reasoning and read your research.Happy learning!
Let's start out by being very clear here -- Rosetta Stone is not cheap.  If you want cheap, then you need to find another product.  However, let me be very clear that you get what you pay for -- and if you NEED to learn a foreign language then this is the best investment you will ever make.Rosetta Stone doesn't use the "school" way of teaching you a foreign language.  You know, the memorizing words and such that dooms you to failure from the start.  Instead they immerse you in the culture and activities of the country you are learning the language for and help you build your vocabulary naturally.I've always wanted to visit Germany, but did not want to go without learning how to speak some German first.  After spending 3 months with Rosetta Stone I am confident I could have a decent conversation with someone in Germany about everyday affairs and surroundings without having to stumble through it.  It was a mind shift at first using their learning methods, but in the end it really paid off for me.So yes, you can find something cheaper -- but you aren't going to find something better.
Dive into German. Everyone is raving about total immersion into German for good reason. After just a couple of weeks, I can correspond with my German penpal in German rather than making her write in English. OK, my German is not perfect, but I'm proud of my progress.Another big thing is that unlike a classroom you can learn at your own pace when you have time. Sometimes I have 5 minutes and sometimes an hour. It's always fun. The lessons are engaging and fun and will work for most age groups. The headset and microphone brings the language to life. If I ever go to Germany, I will be prepared.
I never had a problem learning the english language or acquiring new vocabulary. Why then did I have a mental block learning a new language? Could it be the boring, repetition and grammer ? (yup!)I am very pleased to report that I now can converse in elemantary German thanks to the Rosetta Stone learning system.  Imagine learning can be fun!The total immersion approach teaches you a new language the same way you learned your first one through visual and contextural clues, repetition and a very cool speech analyzer that helps with pronunciation.  The Rosetta stone approach is the best thing next to a personal tutor since it is so comprehensive long time to download , probably because of server traffic.I must admit, it took a while to build my confidence.  It has been a long time since the rigors of a college classroom.  At middle age, wasn't it supposed to be a bit harder for me to learn?  What I found, is that the mind is like any muscle.  With work, your can grow more nimble and strong.The self pacing aspect of the program, makes it easier to remain positive and focused on progress and not worry about "falling behind".I am really enjoying the challenge of learning a new language.  I look forward to adding other languages.The software is of excellent quality. I find the photography outstanding and the voices attractive. It might sound silly to remark about this, but the user experience is intoxicatingly fun.The big question, "Is it worth it?"  For me, it is a definite "Yes". Although the software is a high price, it is by far the best "learning experience".  Since you want to learn a language, why not put the cost into perspective? If a cheaper product, turns you on, then go for it.  For me, the Rosetta stone experience makes me want to learn. That is worth the price of admission.
I've become interested in going to Germany and although I know that English is spoken there, I'd like to be able to go off the beaten path and immerse myself in the culture.  I'd also like to be able to understand the conversations of people around me.  This is why I really was interested in Rosetta Stone versus a quick and dirty travel language CD.This product allows you to customize it to your goals (read, write, listen, speak) through a very simple startup screen (which can be setup for different users) and then it automatically builds the lessons for you.I find the lessons to be enjoyable and very useful. The speech recognition aspect is awesome. It lets you even customize how precise you want the software to grade your pronunciation.Aside from the computer aspect, this product provides a whole set of CDs that complement the main software. This is great for reinforcing your learnings when you aren't in front of the computer.The downsides of the product do NOT outweigh the upsides in my opinion. However, I should list a few for you. 1) It is pricey. 2) It doesn't allow you to run it on more than one computer (you can move it to a new computer, but you have to uninstall it from the first computer). 3) The included headset is a bit flimsy.Bottom Line: If you are wanting to learn the language, excel when presented with multiple ways to learn it (visual, auditory, and written), and want to do it at your own pace, I really think this is a great option and can recommend it. If you are only wanting to pick up the bare minimums for surviving travel in Germnay and are on a budget, find another product that focuses on getting you into the basic phrases you'll need. Overall, a great product.
The various Rosetta Stone software packages have garnered a rather impressive reputation over the years as some of the best options for learning a new language without taking classes or hiring an instructor.  Based on the high quality offering of the "German Level 1, 2, 3" set, that reputation appears to be well deserved.  The package is far more than just a book on German in digital form, and includes many extra features to make the whole thing worth the hefty price tag.The three level German language software comes with a USB headset so that the user can listen to the lessons without disturbing anyone around them.  The headset has a built-in microphone that works with the software's speech recognition feature, which lets the user know how they are doing with the language.  A quick-start fold out card is also included, complete with pictures and step-by-step instructions, to get the user started quickly.The software isn't hard to install, but it is a very long process.  The entire installation could take more than a half hour, especially if the massive web updates are downloaded.  Any decent computer system should be able to handle the software, as the program only requires 512 MB of RAM and 1.8 GB of hard drive space.  Both Windows XP and Windows Vista are currently supported.  There is an interesting option that can be set during the installation to change the software to start with a different language.  The program doesn't have to go from English to German, but can instead begin with several different starting languages.  That alone already makes it more versatile than any German language book could ever be.Another neat add-on that is included is a set of stickers that can be attached to a keyboard.  The stickers mimic a German language keyboard, which will make typing in German easier once the basics of the language have been mastered.  The user's guide is also exceedingly comprehensive, so any questions about how to use the software shouldn't require a call to tech support.Once the program is installed and started there are several different course options to choose from.  Each option tackles a different aspect of learning the language, such as reading, writing, and speaking.  The default option is to learn all three at once, but for those who don't have enough time for the full course or are only interested in one of the courses there is the option to remove one or two of the features.As the name suggests there are three levels to the software, each building on the concepts in the last.  As the user progresses through the program they switch out the CDs to the next level.  The program also comes with multiple audio companion CDs so that the user can practice their German when they aren't in front of their computer.While the price may be a big deterrent for some, there is enough high quality material in the Rosetta Stone German language software that anyone who is really committed to learning the language should seriously consider it as an option.
If you remember your foreign language classes in high school, it is likely not with a smile. The endless conjugation of verbs and repeating vocabulary over and over and over... tedious and not very productive. But Rosetta Stone has solved that.How does a child learn a new language? Through immersion. Expose a child to a new language, and they will pick it up without ever having to go through the endless practice of German 101. This is Rosetta Stone's secret: it skips the repetitive exercises of the verbs and the simple phrases of the Dick and Jane saw a dog type of learning in favor of an immersive experience into German as if you were dropped in to Berlin without a phrasebook and left to your own devises.It sounds hard and horrible, but it is not. It is the easiest and fastest way to pickup a new language. If you lived in France and spent a lot of time in Germany, then you would learn the language the same way.Rosetta Stone allows you to learn at your own pace with this user-friendly software that comes complete with a microphone headset and companion audio CDs that allow you practice when you are without your computer such as driving or working out.
I didn't have immediate expectations of being fluent or even conversant in Japanese from using this program (that will be a much longer journey) - so I am rather pleased so far.  I can understand many of the criticisms.In the near future I will be doing a business trip to Japan - and I wanted to not be totally clueless as to the language.  My limited expectations have been met!The program installs easily, and activiation is simple for all 3 levels.  I have a long journey ahead of me to make progress, but I think this is a very good first step as a learning tool.
I had tried to learn Japanese several years ago by listening to audio tapes and then by taking a class, and found it very difficult. Rosetta Stone looked like they might have a better answer, so I gave them a try.First of all, installation was a snap. I installed RS on a Mac running OS X Leopard, and had no problem at all. It takes a long time, though, so be prepared to wait or even walk away from the computer for a while during installation. I decided to try using the Mac's built-in mic instead of the headset provided with the software, and found that it worked well. Of course, this would not be a good idea if there is a lot of noise near your computer. You may have trouble hearing the lessons, and RS would probably not do well judging your pronunciation.You have a choice of how the Japanese words will display on your screen. If you are primarily interested in learning spoken Japanese, you might choose to have the text display using characters from the English alphabet, as that could help you to more easily recognize and pronounce the phrases.Japanese is, obviously, very different from English, and I was unsure how well I could follow even the basic lessons. Turns out, it was simple due to the repetition built in to the Rosetta Stone system. The first time I heard a word or phrase it didn't necessarily stick with me, but by the end of the lesson it had sunk in. That has turned out to be key in helping me to learn this unfamiliar language.Although each phrase is repeated several times, it wasn't boring. The phrases are mixed up a bit each time, and by paying attention and working through the lesson you start to understand a little more each time you use the software.One thing that makes a difference in how much I retain is working the lessons consistently. Do not expect that you will spend a few minutes once or twice a week and really learn the language. Plan on spending time nearly every day, and the more time you can spare, the better. Half an hour or more a day would be ideal.Although everyone has a different learning style, I believe that Rosetta Stone can work for many people who are comfortable with independent learning. It is certainly much better than audio-only, and allows you to learn and practice on your own schedule, unlike a class.
This is easily the most comprehensive language instruction package I've ever seen. With four separate units, each split into several different sections -- including listening, speaking, vocabulary and grammar -- Rosetta Stone provides hours and hours of easy-to-use instruction in learning to speak and understand Japanese like an expert.A language package like this requires the user to be a self-starter. There's nobody pushing you to use it or assessing your performance. The lack of feedback might prove challenging for some users. But if you're willing to push yourself, this system really works. (Of course, one advantage to this method is that you're able to move at your own pace.)Rosetta Stone comes with a high price tag. But if you're serious about learning Japanese, and have the discipline to follow a program on your own, your purchase will be money well spent.
Rosetta Stone instruction relies upon total immersion learning, both aurally & visually. This is not a program that will work for anyone who wants to learn while driving. One must sit in front of the computer screen and one again learns by hearing the language spoken and seeing images, probably the most basic way most people learn best. Since this methodolgy requires the student to devote a great deal of time, it is best suited for those seriously interested in comprehending an additional language.
Rosetta Stone Japanese Course Levels 1, 2, and 3Pros: The Rosetta Stone approach to language learning is a new (and quite frankly, effective) one. Instead of learning vocabulary and grammar through repetitious rote memorization, Rosetta Stone utilizes the user's own deductive logic and inherent learning abilities to make the language fun and much easier to master. Each unit begins with the introduction of new sounds and words. You aren't expected to know what the words mean at this point, but you are encouraged to repeat them and listen to how you sound compared to native speakers. This is accomplished by using the included headset and microphone in conjunction with visual feedback of your voice.Next comes the vocabulary section. As I mentioned before, you are not given direct translations of the words; instead, you are shown a series of pictures that help you deduce the meanings of words and how they fit into the structure of the sentence. It becomes a sort of detective game, as you are given a sentence written entirely in the language, and using your brain, you come to instinctively pull it apart to find the meaning. After you find meaning to your words, the Phrases and Speaking sections help you put it into practice and solidify everything you learned in the unit. Add to that the included CDs full of audio lessons and samples of native speech, and you have a full package that turns an incredible task into an enjoyable experience.Cons: The only real con I could find with the software itself was the price. It may seem like a large price to pay for some CD-ROMS and a USB headset, but after using the product for awhile, I have come to see its true value. I have taken nearly a year and a half of college-grade Japanese, and I still have learned a great deal from the software. Also, the presentation of the material makes it fun enough for leisurely learners and youths.  So even though the price tag is a bit exorbitant, it beats the heck out of paying for 2 years of college language courses!Intended Users: This is where Rosetta Stone courses really shine. Not only did I have a go at the program, but I set up user profiles for my mother, father, sister and nephew in order to get a good cross-sectional view of how different ages and educations would react. All were positive. Perhaps the greatest surprise to me was my father, who is a very stern "you can't teach an old dog new tricks" kind of guy found himself getting caught up learning a language that he didn't even have a need for! All in all, I'd certainly suggest this program to anyone looking to learn another language, brush up on one that may be slipping away due to lack of practice, or just looking to stretch their mind a bit.
I am working with Rosetta Spanish (Latin American) at the moment and have this one waiting in the wings. From my experience with the Spanish, I can say hands down Rosetta is the best language-learning system I've ever seen, heard about, or used -- period. Pricey, yes, but definitely worth it. I am continually amazed at how quickly I am learning, how much I am learning, and for that matter, how enjoyable the process is. Why didn't I start this years ago????
Rosetta Stone Version 3: Japanese Level 1, 2 & 3 sfotware is intutive and easy to use. The software allows the user to install all 3 levels at once or piecemeal depending on your hard drive space requirement. It also has different exercises to test both visual and reading comprehension. The software grades the user's performance and will work on problem areas. It is dynamic immersion - there is no english anywhere once the lessons begin.Two minor drawbacks (one style and one substance) hinder Rosetta Stone. The style issue involves the use of pictures. Rather than exclusively use cultural situations and settings, the pictures depict a myriad of cultural situations and settings. I suppose it is both cheaper and easier to do this when Rosetta Stone offers programs in 31 languages. The second issue involves the microphone and voice recognition software. Basically, it doesn't work. You can say almost anything and the program will grant you a passing score.
The Rosetta Stone Language learning kits are expensive. But I think you get what you pay for. This kit comes with 3 installation discs for levels 1-3 as well as 3 sets of 3 discs each of audio companion CD's. The kit also comes with a USB stereo headset with mic for listening and practicing your pronunciation. I find that the headphones really help you to tune into the program and tune out distractions while learning.I took one year of Japanese in High School as well as one year at college. I found this program much more interesting and easier than either of the school taught ones. With the exception of a teacher I think this curriculum is much better. It really engages you to use visual, auditory and linking skills to remember and learn the new vocabulary that will allow you to speak Japanese. Subtleties of social skills involving appropriateness and politeness are very important in the Japanese society and are conveyed well in these lessons.A really great Japanese language teacher paired with this curriculum would be an ideal situation. Or having a fluent Native Speaker to test yourself with as you go would help. However I find this program more than adequate  if your are living in Japan and trying to learn the language or taking a school class and want to supplement your class learning. If you are planning on going or needing to speak Japanese this set will really prepare you well for immersion into the language.My mother was Japanese but passed away when I was young so I never really picked up the language. I have grown up around it all my life with one of my aunts living near, but never learned to speak it fluently. I really like these courses and can recommend them. If you have an interest in the Japanese culture then you will find these language lessons interesting as well. They are a portal, a starting point that can take you into that world.
I was very happy to get this product. I am Japanese American myself but am ashamed to say pretty much the only Japanese I know is being able to order from a menu, or else the more impolite words like "bakatare" (stupid) or "yakamashi" (loudmouth) or "monku" (complaining.. hence the "monkuboy" moniker, haha). While my friends went to Japanese school on Saturday mornings I resisted and my parents never forced me so I learned nothing. However, I bet everyone who went forgot how to speak or understand it anyway so we all wound up at the same place.Regarding this program: The box is impressively heavy. It installed without a hitch using the accurate instructions, though it did take a fairly long time. The headset installed without a hitch also - I use Windows XP and it recognized the device right away and the first test with the software was successful.  It is a rather flimsy headset so you have to treat it gently.  Also, make sure you turn down the volume on your PC before using it because the voices are LOUD.The lessons are pleasant to take and the sessions last about half an hour which seems about right to digest things. Even though most of it is intuitive as far as what to do (repeat the phrase, match something to a picture, etc.), there is a help screen present and the guidebook that comes with the set is also helpful.I find Japanese is harder to learn than say Spanish or French because there's hardly any similarity to English (except when they borrow English words, like "juice" becomes "juisah")in the words or structure. I think the full immersion method is good because it forces you to use the language. I expect to have a basic knowledge after I finish with everything and to be able to converse on a very elementary level.However, no matter what method you use, it has to be practiced frequently, with a native speaker.  Just like my friends who went to J-School back then, if you don't use it you lose it. At least my parents speak some Japanese and I know a few other people who do so I can bludgeon them with my efforts but for those who don't have someone to practice with, it makes it difficult.I know someone who has the Korean version of this and he likes it very much (and he has a Korean wife so he gets a lot of free help!).Overall, I rate this as a very good package for those who want to learn the language. The lessons are clear and understandable, and flow from one to the other in a sensible and logical way. I would certainly recommend it.
I've used Rosetta Stone before so was familiar with their system. Their method of learning a language really works. When I first started using the system I kept thinking there's no way I can learn like this but before I knew it I was recognizing and understanding a COMPLETELY foreign language that doesn't even use our alphabet!
I'm still working through the basics. So far, this is an awesome package. Japanese is tough because of the strange alphabet. Even though I have kids and work full time, I'm still able to learn it bit by bit in the time that I do have. This is an expensive package, but worth it. I'd rather take a class, but since time constraints do not allow that, this is the next best thing. It's also nice to be able to go at your own pace.Included in this package are:* printed manuals (very nice - a lot of software packages neglect these)* software CDs for all 3 levels* audio companion CDs for all 3 levels* USB headphone and microphone setThe software allows you to focus on the aspects of the language you want to learn first and provides you a total immersion environment. Rather than dull repetition, the software guides you through the learning process with related graphics so you see & hear the words at the same time.Even with all the goodies, the work isn't done for you, as with anything if you want to learn it, you do have to put some effort into it.
If you want to learn a language on your own -- whether you're home schooling, taking a college class, or just working independently -- then I really can't recommend anything more highly than these Rosetta Stone language systems, especially with the audio companions, which let you take it anywhere and anytime without having to have your computer with you.Complete immersion with feedback is commonly regarded as the fastest AND most effective way to learn a new language, and this is exactly what Version 3 of Rosetta Stone gives you.  It's an investment, but really worth the money for someone who wants to learn a new language. It's truly amazing what "they" can do with technology these days!
The Rosetta Stone software is excellent for people who want to learn a language through a process similar to that through which we learn our native languages. Rather than focusing on translations or teaching grammatical rules, it attempts to form a connection between an image and the language associated with that image.This style of learning is very effective for getting a language into long-term memory but may be a little overwhelming for those who prefer to have an approach whereby everything is explained to them and patterned out, and where translations from their native language are the starting point. However, I encourage anyone who wants to learn a second language to get accustomed to the Rosetta Stone method and use it. I'm a language teacher and this is a style which works.The Japanese software allows you several options for learning including learning to read in Japanese if you so choose or simply to focus on speaking and listening. You can choose roman characters or Japanese when you are studying.The software comes with a USB headset so that you can perform the listen and repeat exercises in addition to the exercises which ask you to make selections onscreen to test your comprehension of the phrases and vocabulary being taught. Each user can have his or her starting and stopping points in the lessons saved and you can also track your progress (as well as portions where you made mistakes) through a module by looking at numbers across the bottom of the screen. You can go back and practice any portion of a unit any time. The length of time required to complete a lesson is given before you start, but you can quit any time and pick up where you left off.The language learning side of the software is excellent, but there are some sticking points with the software side. On my 3-year-old Mac Mini (1.4 Ghz G4 processor, 1 GB RAM), it ran a touch slowly so screen redraws between lesson sections were a little slow. However, it was not a serious issue and I don't fault the manufacturer for the speed issue. I had one error occur during a listen and repeat exercise, but the software did not crash. It did start the section with the problem over again.I do, however, believe the software ought to be packaged a bit more carefully. The cardboard sleeves that the software comes in are attractive and efficient, but the glue holding the closed ends shut softened up during shipping and a few of the discs slipped into the closed end and got stuck. The discs got scratched up a bit and it took some effort to get the software on those discs to install due to the scratches. However, I received the software in the summer so it may not happen to anyone living in a more temperate climate.Even with these small issues, I wouldn't hesitate to recommend Rosetta Stone's software to language learners. It's a very effective method and the interface is sophisticated and pleasant to use.
The first thing you notice when you look at this product in a catalog, at least I did, is the price. Whew! Compared to bargain bin language software, it's a bite. After getting my hands on the Rosetta Stone offering, I think you get what you pay for. I am reviewing the Japanese version of the software from a package with all three levels.Again, sometimes the bargain bin products give you a lot of CD's, too, but Rosetta Stone gives you a lot of useful CDs. Also, the extra cd's from bargain bin packages I've tried didn't seem to have much more depth than the first one you install.With Rosetta, you get some printed manuals, a nice yellow box to put everything in, a collection of software CD's by progress level (3 levels), a USB headphone/microphone set (okay that could be a little better but its acceptable), and 3 whole sets of audio companion CDs (12 total) by progress level.When you set up the software, you get to pick what you want to emphasize the most: reading and writing, speaking and listening, or detailed speaking and listening. I chose reading and writing first. It's enough for me now, and I'm working through it. The other parts of the language aren't ignored, it's just supposed to emphasize your selection in the lessons. You can go back and try the other choices to see how it's different. I'm going to.This is a total immersion system; i.e., you'll not be using your native language at all (except for operating the software.) Boy, is it a tough swim at first, especially with an alphabet that is foreign, too. But you'll get the hang of it pretty quick; that's where the repetition is needed. It's not a boring, static, repetition of a word and then the English translation. No, it's a form of the word or phrase with variations of setting in pictures to get your mind to induce meaning and context. There's a lot going on there, it's not as simple as it sounds, even if simple to use.I am surprised at how quickly my progress is, but I'm going to have to go over some of it again. Nothing wrong with that.There are four units in level 1: a "Core" or the Basics, Friends and Family, Work and School, and Shopping. I've jumped ahead to the other Rosetta Stone cd's for the purpose of this review, and they indeed look a good deal more advanced than the first lessons. Level 2 had: Travel, Past and Future, Friends and Social Life, and Dining and Vacation. The units of the third level were: Home and Health, Life and World, Places and Events, and Talking About the World.I am really looking forward to working up to the section on discussing politics. Unless you are already trained in the language, you will have lots of room to grow.I think it's fair with the price, to compare it to a community college class. Of course, it is not literally as good as real human interaction, but it has the very real advantage of being available whenever you are ready. And for people who are shy, or have trouble with languages... nobody is going to laugh at you. No parking a mile from campus, no high priced books that depreciate by the end of the semester... you get the picture.So, if you've got the means, or you can talk your employer into getting it for you, I think it is a reasonably satisfactory value for the money if you go into it with an open mind and dedication. [You can buy each level separately, too, which might make it easier on the budget, but I think the complete package is the best deal if you can afford it.]
First, because a lot of reviewers here seem to have some background in Spanish, I want to mention my own experience with this language. Basically, I have next to none!I mean, as an American, I've of course encountered words like "grande" and "hombre," but I've had almost no Spanish instruction in my life. (I did have a semester of Spanish in sixth grade, but I am 99.9 percent sure the instructor didn't actually speak Spanish, and I certainly didn't learn anything. Plus, that was two decades ago.)I'm still working on Level 1 of this program, because I'm the mom of a very busy toddler and I also don't want to go so fast that none of what I'm learning "sticks." But so far, I am absolutely in love with the Rosetta Stone program.The software (which I run on a Macbook, with absolutely no problems) is very intuitive and easy to use. There's almost no English -- just pictures and Spanish words, phrases and sentences that you quickly come to associate with one another. For example, the software says, "Es rojo" and you select the picture of the red object, as opposed to the blue or green or yellow one. It's almost like being in Latin America and having a very patient Spanish-speaking friend point out everything you see, again and again and again, until you learn to associate the word and the concept or object.This method works surprisingly well for verbs and other grammatical constructions, I've found. I was really amazed at how quickly I picked up things like subject/verb agreement just from the photos and from repetition.There is definitely a lot of repetition. Some people may find this frustrating, especially if they pick up on something very quickly and then remember it well, but it's worked well for me. I tend to grasp a concept very fast and then forget it almost immediately. But working through this program slowly seems to really be pounding Spanish into my head.The audio companions, while probably not strictly necessary, are nice. I listen to them while I'm driving. They're mostly of the "listen and repeat" variety -- at least the ones I've encountered so far are -- and it helps me to try to visualize what the speaker is talking about, as a way of refreshing what I've learned.
I absolutely love this program! I've been wanting to learn Spanish for years. I took it in high school but there was so much I couldn't remember. However with this program I can tell I'm going to be able hear, write, and speak Spanish very quickly. I use to always have a problem hearing Spanish, but it was easier for me to read it. The Rosetta Stone is training my ears to hear and interpret Spanish now. This program makes it so easy and fun to learn Spanish by learning it in a natural way. I highly recommend this product for anyone, especially if you have never learned Spanish at all. This is truly a great learning tool.
I have taken a number of classes to learn a variety of languages, and have forgotten most of them all. Learning on the computer has been a new and fairly positive experience for me. The package comes with a number of elements: the base software, the particular language elements to plug into the base software, audio companion CDs for review offline and a USB headset/microphone.Installation is a two part process, 1) install the base software, 2) install any language element tiers. (The headset will need some installation time, but that should be managed by the system). The installation progressed pretty smooth, took a reasonable amount of time, no errors.The process of learning is geared toward an immersive process where you start speaking pretty much right at the start (kind of like being tossed into the pool and told to swim). You start by selecting your goals (read, write, speak, etc.) and then follow the lesson plan, reviewing as often as necessary. My personal experience has been that I enjoy the immersive process, I am still working through the lessons, but I fell that I have gained considerably more than I have in past language learning opportunities. The process has been a fairly painless process, and I devote time when available.My bottom line is that the product is pretty pricey, but gives you one of the best learning experiences I can imagine short of being dropped off in Mexico. P-)
Rosetta Stone represents an easy and fun process of relating words and speech to images....without any English translation at all.  Learning Spanish is fast, effective and as fun as playing a game but, you are also learning the language at the same time!It is the same way you learned your language as a child.Calling it "Dynamic Immersion" with four dynamic strategies, which are: intuition, interactivity, instruction and images.All aspects of learning the language is by simple activities. Beginning with the nouns, verbs and other basics.Pronunciation, through speech analysis and recognition. Using repetition and correction until the pronunciation of words and phrases are perfected.  There is even an advanced speech analysis graph that you can compare your speech to the "native speaker".  The speech recognition software is an outstanding accomplishment.I started with level 1 course "speaking and listening" and I was off learning Spanish.  Under each level there are many "units" to practice and learn.  There are 3 levels altogether to work through.  After completing the course work there are 3 levels of audio companion (4 cd's each level) to help you practice what you have learned in Rosetta Stone version 3 software.Through The Rosetta Stone, learning a new language is not a heavy task.  Anyone can and will learn just by following the program.I highly recommend this for one who needs to learn Spanish in a short amount of time.
Let's face it: a lot of computer-assisted instruction is just plain lame or worse.They can suffer from either being rote memorization schemes or over-glorified games or simply textbooks in electronic form.Rare is a system that truly utilizes what computers can do best to solidly teach concepts.Rosetta Stone delivers.It teaches language using multiple sensory inputs (picture & voice) and multiple feedback mechanisms (your voice and hand-eye choices).  It is able to adjust and compensate for your learning speed and strengths on the fly.  It is engaging without being just a game.  And it is able to effectively teach without English--- which is the closest you can get to a dedicated immersion course.Bottom line:  I am very impressed.  My ten year old loves it, actually WANTS to do the lessons.  I'm having fun with it too, even though languages are definitely not my strong suit.  If you want to learn a language on your own, this is the best way I know to do it.
I have always heard good things about Rosetta Stone language software (and you cannot avoid the TV commercials no matter how hard you try), but I've never actually used any until now.I've had this package for only a few days and have spent about 5 hours so far with it, all in Level 1.  To qualify my review, I should point out that I have no formal training in Spanish.  I did not have any foreign language classes at all in school.  I've picked up perhaps a dozen words and a few phrases over the years, but I would classify myself as very much a beginner.The immersion technique is wonderful.  I was hesitant at first -- I'm 50 years old and out of practice when it comes to academic study -- but soon felt at ease with it.  I am astounded at how much vocabulary I already have picked up and at how comfortable I am trying to "think" in Spanish after just these first few hours.My pronunciation leaves something to be desired, but that is not the software's fault and I feel confident that this system can help me overcome that. I like the graphic way it compares what you say to the native speakers, very helpful.I am really looking forward to finishing the entire system.  Not only will that give me an excuse to vacation in Latin America :-) but also, perhaps more importantly, I hope to qualify then as bilingual which can help a lot in the job market nowadays.It's pricey, yes, but if you must achieve basic command of a language in a compact amount of time (or just don't have the patience to spend months or even years at doing so), I think this would be very effective for just about anyone, any age for that matter, and it's a lot less expensive than classroom courses I've seen for intensive language study -- plus you can do it on your own schedule and in your PJs!
First things first - I was able to easily install the software following the directions provided.  This is somewhat significant in that my DH is a technical person and I've done very little of this on my own.  Of note is that 600 mb is needed for each of the Language Levels.  I did struggle and had to ask for help installing the headset/microphone, but the techie had little difficulty and I'll admit I surrendered to offered help too quickly and believe I may have been able to do that on my own as well.  I write this only for those of you who may be intimidated by programs and are hesitant to buy something for fear you won't be able to figure out how to install and use it.I'll confess I haven't gotten very far at all with the program and can't tell you that I feel confident I'll be understanding written and spoken Spanish and speaking it fluently any time soon - but I do have hope that this program is what help me improve beyond my current very minimal level.  Incidentally, you have the option of modifying your lessons so that you can choose to learn speaking only, speaking and listening, speaking, reading and listening, etc., although they recommend selecting it all.  I was tempted to select speaking only, but decided if I was going to do this, I may as well do it thoroughly.  Finding the time is going to be the biggest challenge, but I have been heartened by the relatively short - 30 minutes - time for each lesson I've encountered so far in Level 1.I find the immersion concept of teaching to be an interesting one and am hopeful their methods will be effective.  I especially like the use of images as I think that serves as visual reinforcement and greatly assists in remembering.  I'll update my review as I make progress with the program and see how well I'm absorbing and retaining what I'm taught.  So far, I've been impressed with everything I've encountered.  I was very concerned that I may not follow through with the program, but I have found it to be an appealing way to try to learn something new in a new way at an age when my learning skills are rusty.
Apprehension finally put aside, I'm learning!Runs perfectly on my Apple and takes a small commitment of about an hour a day to get up to speed. NO problems on updates, etc. and only wished that I'd have loaded it onto a laptop for daily "downtime" practicing, because I'd be miles ahead just working in public. ROSETTA STONE SPANISH is the best of the best!An all-inclusive BOX of gear and lessons that teach very simply and clearly. Choose your level of learning options and wire yourself in: my nephew thinks it rocks and navigates through it with ease, so this is perfect for a wide range of ages and aptitude.I practice on one of my friends at work, which always is a good thing and welcomed. The sign of respect anywhere on the planet is to try to speak the language, and here it is, an amazing multi-level program that IF YOU KEEP PRACTICING will make you great at Spanish. It can work for more than one user, so do so! Voice ID makes it REALLY work!This is a very complete suite of courses; commit and you'll rock. Even after just a level, I can order food (with a smile for the effort) and converse pretty well. And, best, a kid can do this (although I'm catching up to my kid who absorbed Spanish).I'm still using it, and this review has no negatives yet! If this old guy can learn it, make the $$$ commitment and go for it. Your confidence will soar!
OK, first off I need to admit that I am a native New Mexican and have been around Spanish speaking folks most of my life. That probably gives me a bit of an advantage in attempting to learn the language. Another advantage is Rosetta Stone's Version 3 language system. The installation was simple and the program works great. You learn Spanish the same way you learned English: you learn to say what you see. It's fun and kind of addicting. And best of all, you can start speaking the language right away and little by little gain a confident and comprehensive grasp of Spanish. Highly recommended! Enjoy!!
I used Rosetta Stone Latin a few years ago, and although I can't recall the version or edition (home school, business, personal) I can already say that this is a more well-rounded program.In this version, you learn a wide range of ways to communicate whether it's through reading, hearing, speaking, or writing. The writing part surprised me as my last edition never asked me to type answers. This was very refreshing, and ideal for home schoolers and parents wishing to augment their children's classroom instruction.The speaking was not easy to set up. It took several tries at the easy level to even get the microphone to recognize my voice. I found it was better to just speak (to yourself, not the microphone) as you work your way through all the lessons and turn off the speech function.I've used lower cost language software and none of it can compare to the effectiveness of Rosetta Stone. Rather than teaching you translation, it immerses you in the language so you associate objects with their Spanish term rather than constantly translating in your head from English to Spanish. English is not used in the program at all except for installation and startup. My seven year old daughter is especially good at this and in fact is ahead of me in lessons with a higher score.I highly recommend this 3 level set if you are serious about learning a new language, and as long as you don't live in New York, ordering from Amazon is a huge savings on sales tax.
This was our first experience with Rosetta Stone for any language, and we were excited to get right into it and see if it lived up to expectations. Installation and setup of the program took a little while but completed without a hitch, and everything functioned properly right off the bat.The immersive learning process is truly wonderful, and even our seven year old is able to participate and learn without having to worry about it being too complicated to use. Personally, I've almost completed the entire course and I've found that I've learned quicker and easier with Rosetta Stone than I did in my entire two years taking Spanish in high school (after which I still had only mastered the basics). The native speakers method of compare/contrast to your own speech is really what makes this program so special, and probably why it's more effective than just learning from a high school teacher saying the words and having you write them down.Overall, I cannot speak highly enough of this product. I recommend it to anybody who's interested in learning Spanish, whether for your career, travel, or just to broaden your language horizons.
We've used Rosetta Stone's products for several different language studies. Their methodology works. It's odd because as you complete your first lesson or two you find yourself thinking this can't teach me this language but before you know it you're gaining proficiency. Make no mistake, there is no substitute for time and effort and learning any foreign language requires committment. But, if you're willing to put in the consistent time and effort you will/can/should learn with this product.
If you want to learn a language on your own -- whether you're home schooling, taking a college class, or just working independently -- then I really can't recommend anything higher than these Rosetta Stone language systems, especially with the audio companions, which let you take it anywhere and anytime without having to have your computer with you.Complete immersion with feedback is commonly regarded as the fastest AND most effective way to learn a new language, and this is exactly what Version 3 of Rosetta Stone gives you.  It's an investment, but really worth the money for someone who wants to learn a new language. It's truly amazing what "they" can do with technology these days!
I've always wanted to learn Spanish.  Installing the software and reading about the product in the "Getting Started" card that came with it, I began to see that this was more than just a language software.  It's a unique system.  It not only teaches you through a process they call "Immersion", which provides the building blocks for learning, it comes with a USB headset/mic to allow you to interact with the voice recognition system.  There are parts of the system where you speak into the microphone to say the phrase you are learning.  The system will analyze and tell you that you repeated the phrase correct or not.In the very first series of lessons, you are provided with a picture and a phrase above it.  You begin to associate the phrase with the photo.  Then, you say the phrase and match the pronounciation.  Next you are provided with the same phrase and several pictures and asked to click on the photo that matches the phrase.  You begin to understand the appropriate phrase and it's use in everyday life.  I learned right from the beginning that Spanish has a masculine and feminine identification.  Ever wonder the difference between "La" and "El"?Also included are audio CDs that you can use to hear phrases and continue to learn how they are applied.This system is great.  If I knew learning a language was this fun and easy, I would've gotten this system a long time ago.I also like the fact that software allows you to create different users.  So, if there are more than one in your family that wants to use Rosetta Stone, then you just need to create a profile for each.  Then everyone can learn at their own pace and not interfere with your progress.The software also saves your progress when you quit.  So you don't have to start over when you come back.Rosetta Stone has other languages; Japanese, French, Italian.  This product is worth looking into.The setup was very, very quick and easy.  The only thing I had a problem with is the "activation" process.  It said I had no connection to the Internet, and so I had to call by phone to activate the software.  Not too big a deal, but once I did, it was not a problem.  Activation is crucial, because without doing it you'll only have access to a limited amount of resources.I'm very impressed with this software and highly recommend it to those who don't know a language and want to learn one.
Three of the members of my family have been using this program for the past two - three weeks.  The first is myself, a 40 something who took Spanish in high school for 3 years, spent a summer in South America (and emerged fluent from that experience) but now am quite rusty.  I still understand a great deal of Spanish, but have lost my ability to speak it.  The second is my 12 year old son, who has had one year of fairly intensive Spanish over the previous school year.  The third is my 9 year old daughter, her previous Spanish only a few words gleaned from Dora the Explorer.Both of my kids have to earn TV or video game time over the summer.  They  earn it by reading or playing educational computer games.  I offered this program as a choice when it arrived and both have chosen to do Rosetta Stone for about 80% of the overall required time.  Obviously they enjoy it, but would not chose it over playing on the video game console.Both kids have been using the microphone.  I feel this is a strong point of the program since my kids really do not hear native speakers with the other Spanish Language Program we have (Eazyspeak Spanish ) .  The microphone option has several choices for how closely you have to match the correct pronunciation in order to "pass".  I have it adjusted higher for my son and lower for my daughter.  I also had to adjust the speaker volume from the control panel of the computer (use Start- Control Panel - Sounds and Audio Devices).  For the 12 year old with one year of Spanish, starting about halfway though level one was appropriate.For myself Level 1 was too easy.  At level 2 I found that I was "relearning" some things (especially matching noun and verb type) that I had forgotten.  The program is visually pleasant,  good quality photos, and a good mix of types of teaching such as listening to a phrase and picking the correct photo,  repeating phrases,  having to come up with your own phrases to describe the photos,  typing answers.I find the audio companion very useful, it is helping me drag the forgotten Spanish out of my brain.  The kids do not like it at all,  I think the lack of visual feedback is frustrating for them but it could also be that they prefer the "books on cd" we usually listen to when traveling in the car.My son had been using "Eazyspeak Spanish" before Rosetta stone.  This is also a good program for learning basic vocabulary (if you just want to go to Mexico and be able to ask for the bathroom, or chose menu items) but it does not give you any feedback about your pronunciation.  Be aware, the Eazyspeak  program does teach all sorts of names for alcoholic drinks and has some innuendos.Rosetta Stone is a great way to learn basic Spanish, much closer to how you "naturally" learn. However, I do not thing you will be "fluent" after finishing the program, but you will be able to get your basic messages across and navigate more easily when on vacation.It is fantastic as a supplement to a beginning Spanish classes and a great way for kids to start learning another language.  I plan on having my daughter finish all the lessons before she starts taking Spanish in school, it should give her a good solid foundation.***UPDATEMy son went back to school 3 weeks ago.  I got an email from his teacher this week saying that my son had really improved his pronunciation over the summer and had remembered more of his vocabulary than the rest of the class.  He asked me if what we did with him over the summer and I told him that my son had done Eazy Speak Spanish for a month and then Rosetta Stone.**One year updateWe are still using this software on a weekly basis.  During the summer I have my teenage son (who is taking Spanish in school) use Rosetta Stone.  It is very helpful in retaining vocabulary.  My 10 year old daughter has been working her way through the program as well,  she should start out her first Spanish class with a good grasp of some of the basics.  They enjoy the program, so it does not take much pushing to get them to use it.
Two years worth of protection for 3 PC's and it works well! What more do you want?Has the usual antivirus, antispyware, antiphishing and firewall, but adds IM encryption and parental controls that can be tweaked through a home network monitoring system. All of this is great, but usually bogs down the system...this one doesn't.I put this on a desktop running XP and one running Vista 64-bit. Both installed quickly, but the Vista machine indicated there was an error in the installation. I rebooted the machines and neither seemed to have a problem. A quick scan revealed no viruses or other issues, but a 'deep' scan of both machines revealed 3 malware issues on the XP machine.I have used Norton (Symantec), McAfee, Avast, Trend Micro, Panda, and former versions of BitDefender, but never found one that didn't use up too many resources and bog the machines down. This one seems to be speedy and functional.Hourly updates, vulnerablility scan, laptop mode, gamer mode, IM encryption (both IMers must have BitDefender loaded on their system...) Web time limiter, parental controls, home network management, file vault and a firewall  in combo with a 98% detection rate on a product that gives you 2 years worth on 3 machines for a nice price.Ask yourself:  Norton, McAfee, Trend Micro, Panda, Eset...none of them can do all this, but  if they could, would they do it as well as Bitdefender Internet Security 2009?NOTE: I had problems printing from my HP Officejet 6300 series all-in-one after installing this suite. Disabling the Bitdefender Firewall and enabling the Microsoft one made things work again. I tried an uninstall of the printer and a reinstall without success.
For the price, Bitdefender's Internet Security 2009 (Family Edition) is bargain priced.  First, customers can run the program on three computers. Second, the program can be used for two years without additional costs, while it has all the features of the more costly Norton Internet Security.  It does lack some desirable features of Norton 360, Version 2.0.  But Norton 360 is more costly and subscription must be renewed every year.  If you want more features like Tune-up, Back-up, or Online Back-up, Bitdefender offers another similar program called Total Security 2009.  It has all the features of Norton 360, Version 2, and it also sells with a two year subscription.I have installed and used Internet Security 2009 on Windows XP for almost two months without any problem. In fact, my computers seem to run a little faster than they did when using Norton 360 - for all Norton's claims of tuning up the P.C. and optimizing its performance. Additionally, Bitdefender's Internet Security 2009 runs without annoyingly drawing as much attention to itself as does Norton 360.I'm permitted to update this review, and I will if I experience any problems.  Until then, I can only say that Bitdefender's Internet Security 2009 is a good program and a really good buy.12/19/09 UPDATE: After using this program for about three months I took it off to install Kaspersky Internet Security 2010.  After the install and update, I ran a full scan and found a missed virus on one computer, a network threat and a privacy threat on a second computer.  This is not good, but it could be worse.  Neither the virus or the other missed threats caused me any harm.  And Kaspersky Internet Security 2010 is an incredable improvement over anything they have ever produced - possibly better than anything on store shelves.If I could I would change this review rating to 4 stars.
My Computer: Vista Home, 2.6 ghz Intel pentium IV, 1.5 GB of ram, as you can see very old (6 years).I'm going to try be as unbiased as possible when doing this review, so I will try to curb my praises for the meritorious Bit Defender program. Yes, I admit I have used this program in the past, so please don't hold it against me because I loved it then, and sorry, I still do. Now for the past 3 years, though, I have been using McAfee, so that is what I can compare it to, and have not used any other program.Contrary to other peoples' posts on here about the product being a pain to install, I encountered no such thing. You place the CD in the tray, and it uses a website like installation progression. You are shown 10 steps that you have to go through in order to complete registration, you click next after each one and that is that. I had to install one update and restart only once. After that, it is ready to use. No more than 10 minutes I promise.This software boasts the highest detection rate of all security programs with a 98% detection rate and updates hourly. Whether that's an annoyance or assurance, that is for you to decide. I felt the Bit Defender program take about the same amount of "taxing" on internet browsing as McAfee, for the fact it scans everything you look at, which is a part of an option you can turn off, to further elevate your assurance of their protection credentials. The plus side is that, it does not tax my SYSTEM physical performance at all, compared to the very sluggish program offered by McAfee.The overall interface of the program is very sleek, very easy to read and all encompassing. You have 2 options with the interface, you can either show the Beginner or Advanced interface, which are both exceptional. The beginner has un-implicit titles to search through and the advanced is the polar opposite, both meeting needs for everyone. My history with this program and using the new one meet the same end. This program is the best anti everything. I have never gotten a virus/spyware in my computer when this program in use, something that McAfee can't say. And I don't want to wait years for this program to allow me to obtain one, so I'm going with what I know.Now here are your quick positives:1. 98% detection rate of virus/spyware according to av-test.org, the best out of all programs including, McAfee with 86%, Norton with 96% and Trend Micro with 95%2. Doesn't use a lot of system resources. From my experiences, it slows down internet browsing much as the same as McAfee, BUT it is an option you can turn down or turn off. McAfee, also, really bogs down my systems physical performance, where Bit Defender does not.3. Easy to manage options and interface, being able to switch between the novice and advanced views.4. Anti-Phising, Anti-Root kit, Gamer Mode, Laptop Mode (power conservation), Excellent Firewall.5. I almost forgot the omniscient scan itself! I have a 300gb Harddrive with 180GB of space used for data, the scan took under an Hour! I could also use other programs pretty comfortably while the scan was being conducted too. Not to mention my computer is 6 years old! McAfee took well over 3 hours.6. Parental Controls, limiting a person on the internet, from material to time limits7. Networking and accessing shared computers. With other computers around your network that has the same Bit Defender on it, you can set up access to the computers with the Users permission. This is handy for Corporate/Business officesYou know, as of now there are no negatives, I never had any negatives with this product. And it seems like I never will at this rate. I would consider myself an advanced user and this program does it all. The price is right, the product is right, and I love this security software.
Bitdefender has been a popular brand name for internet security for a long time, and this is a TWO-YEAR license for up to 3 separate PCs.  Really a great value!
These are my initial thoughst and I will update the review once I have been using the product for some time.Sure one can download free antivirus, antispyware, and firewall software for free. However, one will not receive the support one receives when he or she buys security software. What is nice about this version you are covered for updates for 2 years on 3 PC, so one does not have that yearly renewal cost.BitDefender Internet Security 2009 provides many shields at a great value. If you are deciding whether to buy Internet Security or Total Security I recommend saving yourself some money and buying Internet Security suite. Then go download CCleaner for cleaning your internet traces and registry. If you have Microsoft Vista you already have a backup utility. I am not huge fan of the online backup from the security vendors, so I use Mozy for online unlimited file storage.The install process took less than 3 minutes to complete, upon the restart one is prompted with a 9 step configuration setup.- Step 1. Welcome Page (Provides basic information)- Step 2. Select an interface - basic or advanced (I recommend basic for most, unless you are one who messes with the configurations often)- Step 3. Home Management Configuration (This allows you to manage the BitDefender on other computers in your home - good way to manage your kids computer)- Step 4. Manage Identity Rules (Allows you to create rules to assist in preventing identity theft by encrypting important data)- Step 5. Parental Control (Allows you to keep track on what your kids on doing on the computer/internet - you can prevent them from going to websites like myspace - The three builtin settings are Adult - Teenager - Child)- Step 6. Virus reporting (With this turned on, virus information is sent back to Bitfender so they can publish statistics - Personally I disabled this feature but keep the outbreak detection on)- Step 7. Schedule Task (Running updates and a quick scan right away are configured on this page. In addition you can set it up to run a full scan at 2:00AM)- Step 8. Runs the updates on the security suite and starts an on-demand scan)- Step 9. click finshBitdefender has a small footprint on the computer, so it does not take up much memory or CPU. At this point I have not noticed any slowness to the computer.The detection rates for viruses and malware are around 92% according to av comparatives. This is not as high as some of the other security vendors products; however, I find this more than acceptable.If there are any issues you will be alerted in the system tray and by clicking on fix all issues, Bitdefender will fix any outstanding issues such as your computer needing a malware scan.I rated this a 5 star with my initial impression and I will update my review if any issues arise or if the product continues to exceed my expectations.One last note - You are playing with fire if you are on the internet with no computer security protection that updates on a regular basis. If you cannot afford to pay for one, look in to AVG Free or Avira Free for antivirus and PCTools Spyware Doctor Starter edition or SuperAntiSpyware for antispyware/malware.
Bitdefender works really well on both vista and xp machines, and I really like the clean interface and the fact that it runs pretty low key in the background without excessive popups requiring user responses and it doesn't drag down system resources.  It installs flawlessly, and even will uninstall other antivirus software in case you forgot to do this yourself, which I thought was a really nice touch.  My main criteria for security software is that it needs to run quietly in the background and not hog resources or cause other system issues - which McAfee Antivirus and Norton Internet Security can't seem to figure out how to do.  Before this I used to use Trend Micro PC-Cillen exclusively because it used very little system resource compared to the others, until their latest version which suddenly ballooned into huge resource hog - I don't know if they've fixed that yet or not, I haven't gone back to it since.Bitdefender seems to have none of the problems that plague other security software, and I would switch to it exclusively, except on my main PC's I am sticking with Windows Live Onecare, which does the best job of integrating seemlessly into the OS (naturally, since it is Microsoft).As far as which is better at stopping viruses and malware, I can't really say, since I am a low risk user and rarely am threatened with viruses and have never accidentally downloaded malware.  I suspect Bitdefender would out perform Windows Live Onecare on this score, which is why I would definitely recommend it to any who doesn't practice safe surfing.All in all, it's a very comprehensive security package at a great price and I wouldn't hesitate to recommend it to friends and family.
I have Trend Micro's Internet Security on one computer at home and BitDefender on another.  I have to declare myself thoroughly delighted with both of them.  The BitDefender gives perhaps a slightly better bargain for the buck, partly because it offers very slightly larger features and partly because it provides a year year license while the Trend Micro provides only one.  In fact, comparing the BitDefender with all other security programs, it just might be the best bargain.The one thing that I don't like about the BitDefender as opposed to the Trend Micro equivalent is that my computer seems to drag a bit downloading some pages compared to the one with Trend Micro.  This might be attributable to the computers.  Some antivirus programs I've used really slow the computer down and make looking at pages on the Internet a drag.  If BitDefender slows down my computer more than Trend Micro does, it is only by the slightest of margins.If you are looking for a very fine internet security program I can definitely recommend this one.  If I were in the market, the two year license would probably be the difference maker for me.  I definitely recommend the product.
My new desktop all-in-one came pre bundled with a full Norton trial which I replaced with this Total protection suite, and so far, I'm impressed. Any Google search will give you a technical review of this product by PCMag, or CNet or whoever, with more depth than I can provide here, but from a "normal" computer owner (not dumb, but I don't have a degree in programming) the set up and use is a breeze.It includes firewall, antivirus, and antispyware modules as well spam protection and parental control. There's also a backup module and system tune-up tools, putting it head-to-head with Symantec's Norton 360 and Microsoft's Windows Live OneCare. Also, don't be put off by the price, this is for up to 3 PC's for TWO YEARS, most offer only 1 year of protection ans sting you later with required renewals.It was easy to install, great onboard help and online 24/7 support via live chat or phone - with a real person! The firewall was a little tricky adjusting with my home wireless network, but this is the only thing so far I've had to solve. Great security package, 4.5 Stars.
The Good:* A wide array of tools and scanners, as well as firewall and virus protection* Gamer Mode/Laptop Mode customizes your experience* Optional online back-up tool* 2-YEARS/3 PCs subscription makes this a great valueThe Bad:* With the in-your-face alerts, it feels clunky at times* File Vault feature is cumbersomeThe Bottom Line:A great protection from BitDefender that is also a great value as you get not one, but 2 YEARS of protection for up to 3 PCs.  While the protection is very powerful, it could feel clunky at times when it warns you something minor needs to be adjusted.  The File Vault feature is a great addition to this suite.  However, it makes you scratch your head at times.  Instead of simple folder drag and drop feature, it insists on making a vault with an assigned letter and size, following by asking which file(s) you want to put in, which makes the whole process feel cumbersome.  However, that does not take away from the fact that the overall protection you get is very powerful.
I have always used Norton Symantex and/or Mcafee as my security software.  I recently received an email that offered my "Free Update" to the Norton Internet Security 2009 software.  I downloaded it and found that it wasn't really free.. and, there was a program line code in the upgrade that removed my previous 2008 version that still had nearly 300 days of subscription remaining.  That was the final straw for me and Norton Symantexs software.  I loaded bitdefender total security 2009 and it ran a system scan.  It located 37 virus' and 11 spyware lines as well as numerous registry problems that had been undetected with Norton.  That was just the first good thing that happened.  The other benefit was the increased speed in which my system operated following the installation of bitdefender.  The difference was noticable from the start.  It has now been about two weeks and the program is doing all that it said it would.  I called bitdefender tech support concerning a problem with the firewall protection (turns out it was an operating error on my part) and found them to be very helpful and responsive.  This was good for me as I had read elsewhere that bitdefender's customer support was lacking.... I found this not to be the case.  And another benefit was the cost... which was much less than the annual Norton Symantex cost.  I'm very satisfied with this product and highly recommend it to all, especially those who want a faster operating system that is fully covered by security software.  I don't think I would have ever considered changing from Norton had it not been the very crude marketing plan they have initiated that makes you think you are getting something when you are really getting something taken away.  The bottom line is this:  I found bitdefender to be a great product, lower cost, easy to install and setup and very easy to work with.  The speed of my system is enhanced and that too is very welcome.  I notice the speed difference most when I open large incoming emails or send large email files.  The transition time between programs is also faster.If you buy this product I think you will like it and it will become the security software of choice for your future.
I hadn't been aware of BitDefender before being offered the opportunity to review BitDefender Total Security 2009.I've used Norton and McAfee and fund plenty to criticize in them. Over the past few years, in fact, my impression is that both brands have become bloated and slow.BitDefender is a pleasant surprise. Installation is fast and the installer is well done.Funtionally, BitDefender is very smooth. Setup is extremely efficient and the number of intrusive pop-ups is low. Firewall installation is very simple compared to some other packages. BitDefender does an excellent job of recognizing legitimate applications and letting their traffic pass through.The range of services is impressive, though some of them such as IM Encryption would appear to be of dubious value in the real world.The BitDefender CD is bootable (it runs under Knoppix Linux, a very dependable distribution) and can be used to "analyze/repair/disinfect" a compromised system.The feature list of BitDefender Total Security 2009 is long - 22 by BitDefender's count. The important functions seem to be well regarded. BitDefender came out on top in an allegedly independent test of antivirus detection.It will take me a while to assess the value of AES encrypted storage capabilities (great if it works); a gamer mode that limits security during online gameplay (unlikely something I'll ever use, but very valuable to families with online gamers), local network management (appears to be somewhat limited compared to other products); online backup, privacy protection and so on.One quality that is high on my list is antivirus scanning speed and overhead. On this one factor, BitDefender is a clear winner. It scans at an impressively high speed and doesn't bog down the system as Norton and McAfee do. On one Norton equipped computer where I have the antivirus scan set for late evening, it often starts while I am still working. Nine times out of ten, I'll shut Norton down because it is such a resource hog.Not so with BitDefender.Overall, BitDefender Total Security 2009 is a very impressive package in terms of capabilities and price. If it holds up under continuous use and scrutiny, I can see it (happily) as a replacement for Norton and McAffee, Well worth checking out in your own environment.Jerry
Bitdefender is a small and up-and-coming security vendor. They emphasize the end user experience in a simplified user friendly package. Total Security 2009 offers all the normal protection layers including protection against Rootkits, Worms, Trojans, and Action Applications.Installation was around 7 minutes followed by a re-boot. Their are nine steps afterwards to walk you thru the post install process. You will be asked to sign up for a BitDefender user account. At the end of the nine-step configuration process you are prompted to update the software and run your first scan. These processes took about 20 minutes. The software then checks for updates again after the initial scan. This is a new and unique feature of Total Security 2009 that further customizes it for your computer.The menu system for Total Security 2009 is a dashboard format. There is a basic and advanced view to choose from. Local security, Anti-Phishing, Anti-Spam, Identity Control, Vulnerability Scanning, Tune-ups and Back-ups are all accessible from the dashboard.Scanning is quick. Average scan time on my computer was around 20 minutes and got faster by a couple of minutes after each consecutive scan. It remembers clean files from earlier scans and stores this info in a database. The database is scanned each time for integrity.Malware detection is pretty good. It cannot see inside zipped files that are password protected however. Otherwise it seems to be top notch. Malicious URL detection is another feature that works well. Spam detection checks emails pretty good out of the box, but it will need training to fine tune it. That is something that will get better and better each day that you use it. There are a lot of hidden gems in the software package such as the Tune-up tools and registry cleaner. The IM encryption works great.These are all serious improvements over the past version. 2009 is a well rounded package that delivers a solid performance. I think it's well worth the upgrade price.
Okay, so I am a Norton Internet Security fan (I hate 360 btw, failed to detect several issues, including infostealer virus) for many reasons. I like the interface, I like how it functions, and it works. I have tried many other programs, inlcuding the aforementioned, as well as PCcillin, Trend Micro Internet Security Pro, and haven't been impressed with any others.....until now. I loaded Bitdefender into our family PC and was pleased to see that it did not slow things down as much as Norton, and it scanned faster. I guess Norton did a good job, as it didn't find anything wrong (please note that several software, including Microsoft's Defender, etc., did not see Infostealer.....and I should note that Norton Internet Security 2008 did not see it either, only 2009 did, and cleaned it). One thing of note, beware of restore points as they could potentially harbor a virus/trojan that has been cleaned. So, what does this do differently than my favorite, NIS? Not much more than what I mentioned. Basically, it gets the nod for being such a great value. At this price, you protect 3 PC's for 2 years. Yup, that's two, 2, years. That makes for a great bargain, even when NIS is on sale it still doesn't come close. I still like the interface for NIS better, but at this price/value, I'll learn to like it. It's nothing really major, probably more that I am just so used to Norton. While Norton tech support is not terrible, anything major is going to cost you, and it is NOT cheap. I cannot understand the reason for this. If I am having a problem with software, they should help me with it, especially if my subscription is current. That takes off half a star from Norton. So, you have this left. I have not had a problem that needed to be addressed by tech support (yet) which is already a plus, so another reason to give Bitdefender the nod. A few little things can make a big difference. It protects kids by monitoring emails and websites, and can also limit the amount of time they are online. 2 gigs of free online back-up for important files. That's nice.....but, I forgot to mention, tech support, remember I mentioned how Symmantec will make you pay.....well, you can access Bitdefender tech support 24/7....and, you guessed it, it's FREE! Yes, call, email or chat....it's all FREE! If the protection is as strong as Norton, I have a new favorite. Nobody comes close when everything is considered. There's just no better deal.
Bitdefender works really well on both vista and xp machines, and I really like the clean interface and the fact that it runs pretty low key in the background without excessive popups requiring user responses and it doesn't drag down system resources.  It installs flawlessly, and even will uninstall other antivirus software in case you forgot to do this yourself, which I thought was a really nice touch.  My main criteria for security software is that it needs to run quietly in the background and not hog resources or cause other system issues - which McAfee Antivirus and Norton Internet Security can't seem to figure out how to do.  Before this I used to use Trend Micro PC-Cillen exclusively because it used very little system resource compared to the others, until their latest version which suddenly ballooned into huge resource hog - I don't know if they've fixed that yet or not, I haven't gone back to it since.Bitdefender seems to have none of the problems that plague other security software, and I would switch to it exclusively, except on my main PC's I am sticking with Windows Live Onecare, which does the best job of integrating seemlessly into the OS (naturally, since it is Microsoft).  As far as which is better at stopping viruses and malware, I can't really say, since I am a low risk user and rarely am threatened with viruses and have never accidentally downloaded malware.  I suspect Bitdefender would out perform Windows Live Onecare on this score, which is why I would definitely recommend it to any who doesn't practice safe surfing.Bitdefender Total security does have some tools like registry cleaner and duplicate file finder which are nice tools but should definitely be left to the tech savvy users.All in all, it's a very comprehensive security package at a great price and I wouldn't hesitate to recommend it to friends and family.
I  have used mcafee on and off over the years seems that free avg stuff might seem good free always is. However Mcafee is alot better choice it isn't all that expensive to renew or nothing either.My computer seems to run alot smoother now that I have this one it doesn't seem to be as laggy as it was. I happen to appreciate the anti spam thing specially using outlook express. I was getting so tired of those nigerian emails saying I won this and that haha I wish it could of helped pay for my wii , ps3 and my future xbox 360 and hdtv lol.  Anyhow  This is great if offers so many products in one package be it the anti virus, the anti spam ,firewall etc. I appreciate having this on my computer keeping me and my family safe and my computer free of trouble makers and pests. It really does seem to run alot smoother, faster, not as laggy and I do have a older computer with xp still. I will probably always be a Mcafee user no doubt bout that. They put out very good products and I intend to buy them every year or renew them. I will be recommending their products to friends and family from now on.
One thing that I do not see clearly listed anywhere, are the differences between the three products offered by McAfee.  There's a LOT of great information listed, but I really like the simple information on the back of the box to let me know what's what with their three products, and would like to share them.The three products offered are:1. VirusScan Plus2. Internet Security3. Total ProtectionALL three of these offer ALL of the following items:* Email, chat and go online without worry - Anti-virus, anti-spyware and SiteAdvisor protect you from malicious software* Enjoy the internet 24x7 knowing bad guys can't get access to your PC - Firewall blocks outsiders from hacking into your PC* Freely surf, search and browse the web - SiteAdvisor (unique to McAfee) rates web site safety before you click with red, yellow or green colors* Secure unprotected PC's on your home network - Network Manager (upgraded version) verifies that your PC's have McAfee properly installedHere's what you get "extra" with both the "Internet Security" and "Total Protection" products that you don't get with "VirusScan Plus":* Shop, bank and trade online securely - Identity Theft Protection, Anti-Phishing and SiteAdvisor all help keep your identity safe* Let your children go online safely - Parental controls allow you to limit where your kids go online* Data Backup (This is not listed on the box, but as I have the "Internet Security" product, I know it indeed comes with it, and I have also checked their website to confirm this.)* "VirusScan Mobile" (Again, not listed on the box, but see below for more information)Here's what you get "extra" with the "Total Protection" product that you don't get with the "VirusScan Plus" and "Internet Security" products:* Search or click on links from friends knowing your PC won't be exposed to viruses or threats - SiteAdvisor Plus (unique to McAfee) identifies and prevents you from clicking on harmful website links in your browser, email or instant messages.* Protect your valuable files in case your computer is lost or stolen - McAfee Anti-Theft (new) encryption software lets you password protect your files on your PC"VirusScan Mobile" - This is not listed on the box, but when you install the software the information comes-up that you're eligible for a free download of this as well, and it will take you to their website if you click on the link.  This is for your mobile phone, but please read the information below, from their website,  for more details:If you have a current McAfee Total Protection(tm) or McAfee Internet Security subscription, then you are eligible to receive McAfee VirusScan Mobile protection for your wireless device at no extra charge. Currently, not all mobile phones or wireless devices are supported.  Wireless Device Requirements: To use McAfee VirusScan Mobile, you must have one of the supported Microsoft Windows Mobile compatible device using version 5.0, 6.0 and a mobile/wireless data subscription.There's a list of devices on their website, and I do not have one of them, so I haven't downloaded the "VirusScan Mobile" software and can not give details.I have only recently installed the "Internet Security 2009" software, so I don't have too many details, but let me tell you what I can and then I will post an update after I have used the software some more.  FYI, I have been using an older version of Norton before installing McAfee.When you place the CD in, you will have the option to either download the newest version of the software from the internet, or use the version that's on the CD and then do an upgrade.  They recommend downloading, which is what I did.  I have DSL, and it took about five minutes, but if you have a slower connection then installing from the CD might be a better option.The installation took about 5 - 8 minutes, and went fine.  You can do a "typical" installation or select what you want.  I did the "typical" which includes the whole "suite" of products listed above.So far, everything is running fine.  I'm sure that I'm going to have to go through and "tweak" things now and then, like with any new software of this type, but so far I'm very pleased.~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~Update 11/23/08 - I've been using this software for several weeks now, and I have no complaints! :-)  It works as expected.
Back when we owned only one computer, McAfee was the internet utility software we used. After my husband became a certified system engineer and our home network grew to rival that of some small companies, McAfee remained the brand we counted on. We still do. This is an excellent suite and a great value for money. In a word -- well, two words -- buy it.
It has only been operating a few days and I will try to remember to come back in 6 weeks like I did with another program I reviewed but I'll say it now Mcafee rocks.When I saw this come up for vine review I jumped on it as I have it on my other comuter and I cannot express enough how great it is.Anti-Virus+spyware protection It's working and you don't have to do a thing. ItDetects, blocks, and removes viruses, spyware, adware , trojains and worms. The quickscan feature does a computer checkup in 6-9 min. If you have a ton of programs like I do. It also lists warnings for you to keep an eye on.I love the website safety ratings~It stops and alerts you of dangerous websites before you click on them. We all know about phishing and this great program warns you anytime there is an attempt to get your personal information. It then blocks it to keep your info safe.The network manager fixes my security issues my computer may have. I don't have to do anything at all it is running in the backbround 24/7 and alerts me to any and all problems if they occur.  I am terrible about doing backups and now I don't have to worry It saves my important files automatically.I've said this before in previous versions I have that the shredder is wonderful. It gets rid of confidential documents that can never be retrieved on your hard drive. Never.I have noticed a huge reduction of spam mail in my file. My internet provider has a spam blocker and I used to see 500 ++ messages a day there to delete. Now I see around 18.One of the most important features to me is that I can do all my on line buying and banking and not worry my account numbers are being tracked or pin numbers monitored by scam artists.I have a popular brand computer and it came with 15 months free McAfee and when it was expired I went with a free on line one. It kept me safe but did not have all the features and warnings that this has.  Thanks Amazon for great deals as always and I love that now all my computers are protected.This is a great deal here at Amazon.com for a year of worry free on line internet use.Been in use now a little over 3 weeks and I am very happy with it. It has been catching Trojians like crazy and I love that it warns me of harmfull websites when I am doing a search and a bunch of websites come up.( I'm talking daily) Sometimes I wll be on a webpage and it pops up saying the site it trying to get personal information do I wish to continue. No I don't and I get out. This is the best!
When you find a quality name brand that lives up to the lofty expectations you have as a consumer, you should be loyal to that brand.  For my computer security needs, that name will ALWAYS be McAfee.  This security for my online activities is just what I needed since my computer has been acting strange lately.  I'm afraid some spyware has crept onto my computer and this McAfee Internet Security 2009 software is precisely the answer I've needed.  GET THIS PRODUCT and keep yourself protected from the evildoers!
I did not like the previous version and was wary about trying the 2009 version but since I'm not a big Norton fan, figured I would give it one more try.  I'm glad I did!  I am very happy with this version and all of the improvements:* Easy installation onto Windows XP and Windows Media XP systems.* Fewer pop-ups - much less obtrusive* speed has not been noticeably altered by this system* can be used on up to 3 PCs* can be scheduled for automatic back-up* file cleaner and shredder is a beautiful thingI cannot really comment on the anti-virus aspect since this is not a major factor on my PC, but it's still nice to know I have powerful protection.Help for this program is provided online.  The Help guide was not as helpful as I would have liked (not detailed enough for the non-techies) but they offer "live chat" as well which is great but only free for the first 30 days.I have been converted from a negative reviewer to a positive one!
I really liked the features on the 2008 Internet Security program, so it was an easy choice for me to get this as the time to update drew near. Installation was a disaster on my Vista machine; I recommend you uninstall any older version before installing this, even though the program is supposed to overwrite it.One of my favorite features is the continuous automatic updates. Although I previously scheduled daily updates, I know from experience as an IT tech that that sometimes is not enough. Another great feature is that it advises you on the safety of web sites you find in a search. It tells you about which sites have tested safe and which have reputations of viruses, spam, etc. That alone has done wonders to keep my computer clean and running well. However, this feature doesn't currently work with the Google Chrome browser I recently started to use. Google Chrome is very new and I expect the programs will play nice soon, but in the mean time I use Explorer when I am doing searches that may give me dodgy sites. The only feature I haven't used is the parental controls as we have no children at home. If we did, I would certainly set it up and it looks easy to do so.The entire program is really user-friendly and is comforting to have - it is well worth the purchase price. Most of the work it does is invisible and requires no remembering or heavy thinking on the part of the user. It includes several basic computer maintenance options (defraging, etc.) right in the program, making it a kind of "one stop" maintenance location.  I highly recommend it.
I've used Norton and AVG before trying this program, and I prefer this one.Testing security software reminds me of the old joke about snapping your fingers to keep away tigers ("Does it work?" "You don't see any tigers, do you?"). An engineer friend suggested that I install it on one of my extra computers and intentionally infect it.Lacking numerous extra computers or easy access to computer viruses, I had to content myself with installing it on the older of my home computers. It was simple to install. It immediately identified problems with some of my kids' downloaded music, which previous security software had failed to catch, and it healed the problems.I've had two complaints about previous security software I've tried. First, they give scary announcements of problems and then sigh that they can't fix it. Second, when they run their scans and updates, they slow down the machine enormously. Since I work online, this matters to me. Neither of these problems has arisen with with McAfee.
I installed this on a Laptop Computer with a Windows Vista 64 bit Operating System.  It installed without any problems and the only choice I was asked was if I wanted to download the updates or not.  This is recommended but not required but I did it and it did not take long.Once everything is installed then you start the McAfee Security Center by the clicking on the M button which should be showing in your system tray.I like the style of the Security Center, it is neat and not cluttered and you have the option for the basic menu or advanced one but either way you can immediately check if the security/protection programs are running correctly.To do a full check of your computer for viruses, spy ware, etc...you simply press the `Scan' button.  I did this.......I admit I did not expect to find any problems because my notebook is nearly new and it has already got Windows Defender installed but once it completed the scan, the results showed my computer was infected with a worm virus which it had now safely put into quarantine.  This was a bit disconcerting because I was not sure how this happened but it gave me a lot of reassurance knowing that this software will do the job of protecting my computer in the future.I always find when surfing online that the mark of a good firewall is that it works automatically and stops any problems before they occur which the one included appears to be doing well.  You can alter the options for the firewall in the advanced menu.  I always set mine to `Stealth' because I have heard this makes your computer `invisible' and less prone to attacks from hackers.The main thing you will notice when you start your Windows Internet Explorer is the site advisor running in the corner.  This is a feature which checks websites and I found it to be a neat extra.  It also works with the Yahoo search engine and you get a tick alongside a website if it is OK.The other added bonus with this program is that it is 3-user.  This means you can use it with all your computers.In conclusion - this looks to be great software overall, it immediately sorted out an issue for me and it is certainly nice to have all the necessary security/protection programs offered in one neat package.
The best thing about his program that anyone should want to know is that it works - and more importantly it works efficiently.Unlike any Norton Product, McAfee Security center doesn't install all over your computer and bog down your system resources like it's ever dwindling competitor. It's humorous that Norton still likes to do a full court press on your operating system just to keep an eye on your computer, the real problem though is that it needs to keep an eye on itself. Too bad it doesn't know where all of it is most of the time. When you go to uninstall it, it likes to orphan large blocks of fully functional bots all over your system to dial home at its own convenience. Thank god I haven't seen or experienced any of this type of bad business from McAfee.I installed this on two computers which took a total of fifteen minutes. The software adheres to the Bush Doctrine and preemptively does everything from scanning, updating and destroying attackers and known problems. I also set it to automatically tune up and delete old files once a week so I never have to think of the outside world as I get my work done.A worthy program worth the price and plays nice with Vista sp1.
If there is one reason why I like this product, it is the simplistic rating that they provide to each and every website even before you visit that website.  Let us say for example that you visit [...] and search for 'LCD HDTV' - google comes back with thousand of results - we all know that some of these sites are genuine and some of them are just spam sites which are there just to introduce virus into our computer and hack information from us.McAfee does a good job of highlighting each of the google results links with a easy to see marking if that site is safe to visit - this will result in avoiding a lot of bad websites and harm to our computeers.There are a couple of other good things about McAfee:* Comprehensive protection - McAfee protects not just against viruses, but also against Spamware* On access scan - This is something which you will hate as well as equally like :  The Antivirus will always keep running in the background and scan each and every website you visit, each and every program you run.  This will slow down things a little bit, but the protection is comprehensive.I have noticed that McShield much faster than Symantic in On-Access scanning* Easy to share : A 3-user license is very easy to share, you get to create an online account with McAfee with which you can download the latest version of antivirus on any computer and install it
I've used Trend Micro's anti-virus products for years, and have been very pleased with them.  I have found that compared to others (Norton) you do not experience a significant slow down.Installation of this new software was easy, it took about 15 minutes, and required one reboot.  Oddly it did not update itself after the reboot.  I did that manually, and another reboot was needed.  The software did recognize my previously installed anti-virus and removed it.  A scan was not immediately required, I assume because I had a previously version of a "Internet Security".Revision: I have since installed this on a second computer.  Installation did not go well.  It would not accept the license key.  I ended up having to uninstall the old version of the software, and then this one would install.  While it worked out in the end, I do not understand why it installed easily on one machine, and not another, with exactly the same software installed.The software does all of the normal security stuff, firewall, anti-virus.  But there are a couple of new features.  The first was "safe page"  This is an add-on that was automatically installed to IE and Firefox, but not Safari.  When you perform a Google search it shows which links are safe, unsafe, or unknown before you click on them.  There is a "vault" for locking files, I'm not sure how I would use it yet.  It also encrypts keystrokes to prevent logging and ID theft.The last new feature I've explored is the optimizer.  It runs along the lines of Windows Disk Cleanup, plus a registry cleaner.  It did clean up a little from my machine, but it looks like ccleaner (freeware) does a more thorough job.Overall I'm pleased with the software, it's unobtrusive, unless you turn all of the settings to high, and I have not had a virus in years thanks to Trend Micro.
The installation was easy, and this program has already detected several suspicious files on my computer. I highly recommend this product.
The Good:* Set it and forget it* Traditional firewall and scanners you expect from a suite and then some* Innovative features like anti-theft protection, keystroke encryption and wi-fi detector on your browser(tested on IE and Mozilla)* Provides Mobile security for many PDAs as wellThe Bad:* Anti-Theft protection could've been extended to do much moreThe Bottom Line:A great product from Trend Micro.  Once you install it, you forget that its even there.  It doesn't bug you for every little thing like other suites tend to do.  It provides a powerful protection silently in the background.  Of course you may choose to do scans manually.  It has firewall, virus scan and a tune-up scan.  This is also a great suite for laptops as its easy on the resources and provides Wi-Fi security on the browser's toolbar.  It will let you know if the Wi-Fi you are using secure or not, in addition to whether or not the website you are on safe or not.  The anti-theft lock feature is a mixed bag but is still a good addition to the suite.  In a nutshell, you set up a master password(which if you ever forget, they will email it to you.)  You have the option to lock a folder where supposedly you keep all the private data in.  If your PC/Laptop gets stolen, nobody will be able to access that folder.  All you need to do is go to Trend's website and report your computer stolen.  Once your lost computer goes online, that folder will always remain locked, even if they know the password to the vault file.  My only gripe is:  If its possible to lock one file, why not have the ability to lock the entire computer while you're at it?  However, that minor ding will not stop me from recommending this product to others as I hope I never get to use the benefits of anti-theft features.
I have used Mcafee AntiVirus in various versions since 1992 and never saw a need to shift to other products.I decided to give Trend a try and install it as I have see other products and realized they are heavy on the memory.The installation process of ISP is easy, fast and without any complications.It has been running on my laptop for a while now without any problems in the speed or the updates or detection process.I tried several bad websites to see what it can detect as I run windows as a VM on my MAC and this product detected almost all the security threats from those websites.I will keep it running for the next 2 months at least and will update the review in case of any changes
Trend Micro's internet security products have always offered great protection but have suffered from being hideously slow.  This version is much faster than older releases, while being just as effective.  It installed seamlessly on a three-year old Sony Vaio with Windows XP and an Intel Centrino Duo processor.  The user interface is pretty easier to figure out (thankfully as Trend Micro's telephone support has never been very quick or good), and one improvement over the 2008 release is that each web page you visit is marked with a green "safe page" notification as soon as you open it.  The safe page banner also appears next to a listing of search engine results, which sure beats after-the-fact clean up and quarantine.I've been a Trend Micro user through 3 versions now so haven't compared to Norton or other products recently, although in the past, I always preferred TM to Norton.  But TM seems to have taken user complaints about speed to heart and my only complaint is that I didn't upgrade to this version sooner.
In a sense, I feel like something of a techno-Goldilocks.  Microsoft OneCare had all the features that I liked, yet it couldn't function well with my wireless router and home network.  McAfee Total Protection 2008 seemed fine, and then I couldn't get the darn thing to register (thus preventing the necessary updates)  More so, I was so frustrated with McAfee's tech support that I finally sent the program back, with a long letter of explanation that unfortunately was never acknowledged.  And Norton Antivirus was a similar disappointment after a couple of months of use (it seems that it doesn't play well with MS Vista updates... at all).So now, here I am, a still happy user of Trend Micro Internet Security Pro after two full months.  Is it possible that I've found techno security happiness?The features are top notch, network management within my AT&T; U-verse firewall, active web site security (yes, I've had a couple framesets blocked as dangerous and I greatly appreciate that).  The regular scans have initiated as scheduled, sometimes finding a few suspect tracking cookies and once something more malevolent.I particularly like the remote file lock feature, that I can use to store particularly sensitive documents, protecting them should the notebook get stolen.  And the registry cleaner is excellent, very fast and effective.I had no problems installing it, and contrary to some, I've not noticed any resource degradation (and I'm always paying attention to that).So, knowing full well that in three previous purchases, the my product/user relationship went south as soon as I published a glowing review; I have to give this a careful 5 stars.  If things go wrong down the road, I'll come back in and update this, but for some reason I think that this might turn out to be just right!
I love this software.  I'm pretty paranoid about viruses and the like.  This is really cool software.  When browsing it will tell you if a page is "safe" before you open it in the search engine.  It also tells you if you need a windows update.  All in all this is a very nice, easy to use, and easy to install program.  I highly recommend it.
I have been using Trend Micro products for years, and this is the best one yet.  I recently bought a new laptop and was using a freeware product called Avast.  I installed Trend Micro for the improved security coverage.  Installation was painless.  It required 2 reboots, the first when the Avast software was removed, and the second after this software was installed.  After that the software was updated online.  I haven't noticed any slowdown on my computer, updates are installed in the background and are unobtrusive.  I haven't hit any sites yet that were blocked by the software and it hasn't caught any viruses yet, but I'm confident it will perform admirably.
Easy to install and has not crashed my computer so far.  The interface is pretty simple and easy to use.  Doesn't seem to use too many resources.  No problems with malware so far, at least as far as I can tell.  I like link protectors so you don't accidentally go to a suspicious website, but this product is their more basic version, so doesn't provide for one.  If your computer can handle it (i.e. not a netbook or single processor computer) then you should probably spring a little extra money for a fuller suite of protection.  I have used older versions of Norton and the newer versions of McAfee in the past.
I have been a Trend Micro user and supporter for many, many years and easily can recommend most of their products.  I find their applications to do the job as advertised, are easy to install and use, and any time I have needed to call their support system, I get a REAL PERSON who is educated, friendly, and quick to answer the phone.  Every year the neweset Antivirus/Antispyware software has added more in the product, the footprint is smaller on the machine, and less resources are used as the years increase as well.I love Trend Micro stuff and feel that if you need an Antivirus/Antispyware suite, look no further!!***** HIGHLY RECOMMENDED
I've been using Trend Micro for several years. I installed this product onto my parents laptop that runs on a Celeron with Windows XP. The program is very easy to install for non technical people and provides good AntiVirus and spyware protection. I'm not a fan of the security suite type products that load to much onto the PC so this product works well with only AntiVirus and Spyware. I have used other Virus software products and they seem to drag on a low end PC/Laptop but so far the TrendMicro seems very light on resources so their system is more responsive when its scanning or updating the virus software.Can't beat this product for simple virus and spyware protection. It is easy to install and does not drag on a pc's resources. I would highly recommend TrendMicro to anyone who is looking for virus protection.
Trend Micro continues to produce top-notch products and this one is no different. Installation is simple, the software is easy to use, and the quality is second to none. If you are looking for an antivirus program with antispyware, look no further!
I have used a few Trend Micro programs in the past and have a good opinion of the company as a result. This was no exception.  I have tried some AV and/or spyware programs (e.g. MacAfee) which made several other programs non-functional and eventually had to be removed from my computer to maintain my sanity.  So far, the Trend Micro AV+AntiSpyware has not created pandemonium among my other programs, and it appears to do what it is supposed to do.
I work for a technology company. This is the brand my employer uses, and our techs all rave about how good a job it does.
Trend Micro does what it is supposed to do. very effective. I am having less and less problems on my computer since it's installation. recommended.
I have used this product before and I love it. It catches everything. I like this better than McAfee.
I am so happy to be using Trend Micro's Anti-Virus software rather than the bloated, intrusive offerings from either McAfee or Norton, both of which I used for years each but which ultimately made it very hard to use my own computer on my own schedule!Trend Micro's approach is different -- you hardly even know it's there, except when there's a threat. Then it prompts you for action, and it takes care of the problem. What a relief to have a security program do its job without bells, whistles, and constant interruptions!I highly recommend this product.
I installed Trend Micro AntiVirus plus AntiSpyware on a brand new computer with Windows Vista, the installation was simple and the only thing needed was an update.  The program integrated straight into Vista and auto configured without me having to make any adjustments.One of the issues I have is that despite Viruses and Spyware being a real threat, when you buy a new computer you don't get any really powerful programs to stop them.  Windows Defender works to a certain level but when you use a good program then you realize it is limited.I like this software by Trend Micro, it isn't over the top with unnecessary buttons, and the interface is simply and easy to use.  It runs seamlessly in the background and you wouldn't even know it was there until it pops up occasionally to let you know if there is a problem.  You can set the parameters on how you want the program to run or just let it run as already configured.  You have the choice on whether to do a scan right away or let it do it automatically at a certain time.As far as effectiveness, since 08/03/2009, the program has intercepted 41 threats.  Admittedly these were low level and internet cookies but it still reflects that the program is functioning to a good level.  This software also protects your computer from any potential threats by protecting your files and not allowing any changes without your permission.  I would highly rate this and it is one of the better Anti Virus/Spyware programs I have used.
I had some problems with this product at first because I was using another product that didn't seem to allow this system to operate properly.  I was getting some very strange conflicts.  I removed the other item to see what this would do and it worked very nice.  I set it to do several system scans and it located spyware that had evidently been active on my system for some time.  I uninstalled PC Tools Internet Security 2009 V6 and reinstalled my former sypware product.  After about two weeks I reversed the process and reinstalled PC Tools Internet Security.... again, several spyware operations were found on my PC.  I think this application is a good investment and does an excellent job at a reasonable price.
I really like this software program; it's easy and straightforward.  I was able to use the program right out of the box instead of having to read and learn how to use it from a manual.After installing PC Tools and Internet Security 2009 v6.0 I ran it and found many bugs that Adaware missed.  Also, the program ran very fast--faster than many other programs that I have tried and it was even more thorough.I completely recommed this program.
I love this software. It is easy to use...i.e. install, run etc. It provides all the protection that it states:(a) spam blocker(b) anti-virus(c) constant defense (in real time)(d) firewallAnd much more.I like the fact that it picked up viruses and stuff that McAfee missed. A great purchase. Recommended.P.S. I use Vista and this didn't have any problems with it.
I have to admit, I am really dissatisfied with how McAfee takes over my entire computer. So I gave two PC Tools products a try, and the results were very satisfying. Internet Security 2009 has been perfect so far at keeping my computer clean from any unwanted visitors. Really worth your time and money!
We do allot of advertising and surfing to promote some of the new features of our websites from time to time. But every now and then we come across a few websites that try to upload some malicious software to our computers. Some webmasters are just scandalous! So we're always on the look out for some extra protection against these type of threats. We've been there, done that... and we don't want a return.If you use any type ofTraffic Exchange, both manual and auto surf programs, you know exactly what we're talking about. You'll find that this program works like a charm and is a great addition to your security arsenal. However, you will need to babysit your computer, because this program will go off like a high school fire alarm and nail just about every other website on those traffic exchanges.On most of our computers, We usually rely on IE 7's Malicous Site security feature,Webroot's Spyware SweeperandNorton's Internet Securitywhich hasn't let us down... yet! But I know that sometimes they are not enough.With all of that said, I do like this program. It was very easy to upload and didn't have any conflicts with any of our other programs, epecially with the use of XP Pro with SP3. It didn't hog up our resources. We did choose to dump theNorton's Internet Securitybefore uploading this program, just in case there was a conflict with the firewall. I do recommend that you turn off yourExternal Hard Driveswhen uploading the program, as it does have a tendency to write the program to them, as well.Overall, very satisfied with the program and it's compatability.
In my family, I'm regarded as a tech expert, but the truth is I know just enough to be dangerous. In spite of the knowledge I have, I've been running my beloved laptop (the only PC on the planet with a stable version of Vista) with minimal protection that I really don't understand. I've heard Norton is very invasive, and I've never understood how to use McAffee. So I jumped at the opportunity to try this software.The installation is mercifully quick. It offers a "browser defender," but I'm not sure exactly what that is... I installed this portion anyway. It did require a reboot. The user interface is so intuitive and user-friendly that my cat could do it. It's got anti-virus, anti-spam, anti-spyware, and firewall. I don't have a use for the spam filter, since my email provider already has an excellent filter, but it's a nice inclusion.Running a scan is quick and easy... I'm ashamed to post what all it found. Let's just say it found plenty! When it's done, you just check all the boxes next to the items you want fixed, and click on a button. The program creates a reset point, so that if a removal adversely affects your computer, you can restore it with no harm done. Don't be afraid to dig in further to find lots more features in the Intelliguard section. I think this software does it all!This is affordable protection for your PC that you'll be able to use from start up. With so much of our lives dependent on computers for communication, daily activities like paying bills, and even livelihoods, it's important to protect ourselves. Don't lose things like family photos, your business contact lists or have your financial information stolen, and stop procrastinating on setting yourself up with decent internet security. I'm glad I did!
-Installation was very quick and seamless. Minimal irritating pop-up windows (unlike Norton) and gets going with updates and scan quickly.-low resource consumption-Picked up waaaaaay more spyware than Lavasoft's AdAware and Norton.-Spyware removal was quick and no problems.-Just as a point of interest: uninstallation of this software is quick and with minimal fuss (some programs are a pain to uninstall)I suppose no one program will cover all bases. Having said that, SPYWARE Doctor is definitely worth having as an additional measure of protection given its comprehensive detection tools. Well designed for the average consumer. For me, this program will replace my Lavasoft AdAware but I will keep Norton on for a while (even if it is the most irritating of all virus/spyware programs I own) and do a more careful comparison between these two.
I installed this program today and my observations are:Pros:- Very easy to install.- Gave you the option to update after installation, which I did.  Updates listed out prior to download and allowed me the option to install only the updates I wanted.  I installed them all but thought this was a nice touch.- After install, I scanned my PC for spyware. It took about 6 minutes.  Spyware Doctor found 8 different types of infections.  It graded the risk of each type as Low or Medium, I had no High risk infections.  It also gave a count of each type of infection and a description of what each one was.  I then had the option to pick and choose what I wanted cleaned off.  This was important because the software picked up one infection that was a legitimate application but that uses registry keys that some people find undesirable.  I cleaned off everything without setting a restore point.The cleanup was very quick.Cons:- None noted but the true measurement of software like this is how effective it is at getting everything that's on my PC.  I ran my virus software after Spyware Doctor to see if it would pick up anything else. After 20 minutes I shut it down, tired of waiting. However, in that time it didn't find any spyware.Overall: Recommended.
Doesn't it stink that there are people out there who have nothing better to do than to SPY on you through your computer?  Besides the invasion of privacy that this creates where you are afraid to type any sensitive information on your computer fearing it will be stolen, these spyware programs bog down your computer and make it incredibly inefficient.  That's exactly what happened to my wife's computer before it was destroyed by the Koobface virus that hit Facebook.  We've replaced that computer and armed her with some of the best protection programs on the market today--including PC TOOLS SPYWARE DOCTOR 2009 VERSION 6.0.  We are confident any damage that could result from spyware on her new computer will be prevented and look forward to many years of protection using this easy-to-install software.
In view of many of the other more detailed reviews, let me be brief. This is an excellent tool for detecting and deleting spyware. SpywareDoctor is easily installed and finds far more spyware than many other programs I have tried. I give it top marks!
Works great. Haven't had any problems with it. Seems to be doing  a fine job. Would recommend to my friends.
PC Tools Spyware Doctor 2009 v6.0 is incredibly straightforward and easy to operate.  Once the software was installed, I could use program right away, rather than having to comb through a lengthly manual.After running the program, it discovered many bugs that other programs that I have used missed.I especially like the real-time feature.  I feel much more comfortable knowing that my computer is safe at all times.I highly recommend this program and am sure that others will find it easy and thorough.
I was interested in SpywareDoctor because of some good reviews about the product that I have read. That is important to me since I am no computer expert. The next thing I look for is ease of use and customer service. If I have a problem I want to be able to reach someone who can help me without charging me extra money.PC tools website says customer service is open 21 hours a day. I have called a number of times with questions both for customer service and technical support and my calls were answered without a wait. The people I talked to were knowledgeable and I got the answers I needed. I have a competitor's software that I have purchased for a number of years and it takes forever to reach someone and if there is a problem there is a charge to speak to anyone with any real knowledge. So I do like SpywareDoctor. Quality accessible free support makes a real difference.I did compare what spyware SpywareDoctor found on my computer to a free download I use as well as a competitor's product I purchased and I found SpywareDoctor found more spyware on my computer than the other two programs.SpywareDoctor is easy to install, has good customer support, gets good reviews and the price is good as well. I recommend it.
I have to admit, I am really dissatisfied with how McAfee takes over my entire computer. So I gave two PC Tools products a try, and the results were very satisfying. Spyware Doctor gets rid of all those annoying tracker cookies and pop-ups and "You Just Won A Million Dollars! Click Here!" ads that make surfing less than perfect. Give it a try!
&#2951; Fuzzy Wuzzy's Summary:&#1150;&#1150;&#1150;&#1150;&#1150; Highly recommended with warm fuzzies!Chances are good that if you frequently use Photoshop or Corel's own Paint Shop Pro or Photo-Paint, you will both want far more editing capabilities and not care for some of the features that are bundled with this software suite.  I consider myself to be a fairly serious and adept amateur photographer as well as an expert computer user of graphics software, and so the limited (albeit very easy-to-use) photo editing functions and options to help you organize/store/archive your photos was of no use to me.  However, all of the other bells and whistles novel features that let you use your photos in hundreds of pre-made templates to create your own greeting cards, calendars, and even fake magazine covers (which can be a real hoot to print and give to friends... and this opinion comes from an adult; kids will find it entertaining as well) made this package worthwhile.  The only other software bundle that I have previously used to select pre-made templates to create greeting cards (especially with the holiday season coming up) and calendars was the software that is bundled with HP Photosmart printers - ArcSoft software combined with HP's own basic software that lets you organize your photos and perform basic editing; the variety of templates included here far exceeds the variety that is included in the software bundled with those photo printers.As mentioned, my one main gripe is the limited photo editing/retouching abilities of the software.  Otherwise, it would truly be a nice one-size-fits-all package.  But the easy-to-use retouching features such as being able to whiten teeth, add a tan, and remove skin blemishes was, not too long ago during the days of film cameras, not always easy to do for the average casual photographer.  I, personally, would rate this software 4 stars.  But for a package that the whole family can use without having to resort to far more complex (and costlier) separate dedicated software to perform all of the different photo editing, organizing, file management, and CD/DVD burning functions, it deserves 5 stars!
I've been "playing around" with this for the past couple of weeks now and it certainly does all it says it will... and more.  It is so easy to use and the quality of it's output is just about beyond belief.  Just amazing.  We had a couple of folks retiring from the office and I put together a nice scrapbook DVD for each of them which was played at their retirement.  I mixed in photos of them, people from the office, scanned copies of documents, some really funny video clips... it was great.  They were the true high-point of the retirement ceremony.  Everyone was talking about how much time I had spent putting it all together... if they only knew.  Corel Photo Album 7 Deluxe is so easy to use and works so fast, getting the raw input loaded was really fast... then bringing it all together into a final presentation was so easy.  This product allowed me to quickly make a quality multimedia presentation faster and better than I ever thought possible.  Even some of the older photos I had received from family members were enhanced to the point you would think they were taken just yesterday with a good quality digital camera.  I just love this program and highly recommend it to anyone who loves good photos and would like to quickly organize their collection, clean up nice photos that didn't turn out well, or persons who like to make scrapbooks.... this is something even better than a normal "scrapbook" as you can make it on a DVD.  Much less expensive than normal scrapping and the end quality is so professional.  I think everyone will like this as much as I do.
I am a writer. I need to blog for professional reasons about my products (I make jewelry and have a website) and people in the jewelry industry as well. I don't want to mislead viewers concerning my jewelry and the way it actually looks, in real life, nor do I wish to "clean up" photos of friends in my business world so much that they are unrecognizable, however this product is indispensable when it comes to small details.Small details can actually make or break the way an item or person appears. I figuratively say "Thank you, Corel!" every time I work with my photos and photoshop for my site or for my blog. It's great!Installation was simple for me but admittedly I had help from my son. You basically just follow the prompts as you would with any software.The learning curve is simple as well, to the point that you can have fun almost immediately if you also have a hobby and want to use it for that as well, as I do.I like to collect dolls, particularly Blythe dolls (no need to ask why--I don't understand it myself!) and photograph them for the site, [...]. I actually decompress from many of my work pressures by doing this, and the pleasure I derive from using the Corel photoshop system when I am pursuing my hobby is great! I can get a little wilder with effects in this situation and Corel meets my needs and encourages my imagination when I am having fun. I believe I also have become a better photographer because photoshopping using my Corel system made me look at digital photos more carefully, and this encouraged my interest.I find that I prefer Corel far away and above other systems I have tried, frankly.To sum up, Corel is good for both work and play when you are using it to photoshop your pictures. I highly recommend it to anyone who uses a camera for either business or for fun!
I have never had a Corel product before.  Frankly, the only time I ever thought of Corel was when watching a Senators game (they used to have the naming rights in Ottawa).  I used to use Lotus, then switched to Office, never passing WordPerfect.  I have always used Adobe Photoshop, never considering another product.  Nevertheless, while you can to anything with Photoshop, it is always more difficult and cumbersome.  Since I usually don't have time, I have pretty much given up on photo editing lately.  Until this product, that is.Step one, it installs easily even in Vista.  That's not something you can say about most programs.  In fact, it only crashed once, which in a Vista environment is a record!Step two, the controls and options are intuitive.  Basic steps like removing red eye are automated.  Album 7, however, adds some other interesting touch ups.  One is a teeth whitener.  Another is a sun tan.  Yes, you can add a sun tan to any person in a photo, and it looks great!  Unfortunately, outside of a gag photo, I can't see an actual use for this, but it is cool.  Another easy thing to do is to remove blemishes.  Finally, I really like the one step photo realigner (for when you tip the camera too much).  For my main camera this isn't an issue, but for pictures from my Treo, I can really use this.  There are also many cool projects you can do with this program like fake magazine covers.Finally, file management and backup.  This program allows for easy and intuitive file management and backup to online source.  The online basic is free, but they downrez your pics to 2mp after 30 days if you don't pay.  Nice feature, but my regular camera saves to mini DVD anyway, and my Treo only takes 1.3 MP pics, so I don't need to pay for this feature (and it is really expensive).Overall, I can see using this program for all but my most intensive photo editing.  So much so that I have changed my file associations from Photoshop to Photo Album!
This has been a joy from the beginning.  I am somewhat new to this technology and decided I would start out from the beginning as if I knew nothing about Photo Albums.  That's easy for me to do.  Regardless, I found that if exceeds my basic and intermediate needs.  It did everything I asked it to do and exceed my standards of excellence.  There are some minor downturns due to a memory shortage but I did not downgrade the software for it.  With an old XP box et al this program did what you would want a photo program to do.  The best part for me is that if you are new to this technology you can do it without a great deal of smarts.  And if you have the smarts it just makes it that much better to use and try all the little make betters and there are a bunch of them.  I took my camera out and took all kinds of new pics so that I could "enhance" them.  Boy, it sure makes me look smarter that I am.  Bottom line:  Would I buy this again:  absolutely yes.
Sometimes I feel like I'm a lone warrior in the Stop Adobe Software from Messing with Our Heads Movement.  But once again, here is a product from Corel that works far more intuitively and infinitely more efficiently than PhotoShop Elements!Corel Photo Album 7 Deluxe has become my default photo editor, and I've tried a number of them (including the stuff from Adobe).  It's ability to clean up and present photographs is far superior than anything else I've used, even being easier for the basic stuff that I used to do in the embedded photo editor within Vista.Thank you, Corel, you've done it again!
I have been searching for a program like this for awhile (read: five or six years), ever since I bought a digital camera.  Finally, I've found a program that allows me to put all of my pictures into an easy to create slideshow with music.  In fact, in less than 5 minutes I had created my first slideshow and it was awesome!!  I never even looked at the manual.I love the drag and drop feature, being able to work between folders to select all of the pictures I want to use in my project, the ease of adding multiple songs to play along, and song synchronization. Also the ability to add text, to flip through the slide show so I can sync up the music with just the right picture, and change the transition and speed.  (On a side note, after you've saved your slideshow there's a little Corel logo on the bottom right hand corner of your show that could become distracting.  You'll have to go to Preferences and select "Hide Logo" to get rid of it).  After I completed my project I saved it in .wmv format and used an iPod converter so I could add the slideshow to my iPod... even cooler!I'm sure there are other programs that are just as effective, but I highly recommend this one mainly for its ability to make a complex project appear simple.One complaint however:  I popped the installation CD into my PC and wow... it was slow.  My PC is running Vista and it's only a month old.  More than five minutes later the program came up and my computer was even slower!  I rebooted my system, even though it didn't ask, and things ran much, much faster - phew!  Same deal using Window's XP, only once it was installed I lost the ability to print, after rebooting everything was restored.
First off, this is not a program meant to compete with Photoshop or other more substantive photo editing programs.  It's not meant for that.What it is meant for is novice computer users or photographers who want a better, simple, quality way to both organize and edit their pictures.As such, it's a really great replacement for the standard Windows software that comes with XP and Vista.  It allows for great file/photo management, provides a single stop for basic photo adjustments, and even allows for making movies and otherwise adapting the pictures for a variety of use.The photo editing is not astounding, but it is certainly of a much higher quality than I've seen in other basic programs of this type.  It uses much the same approach as does Corel's meatier programs as found in Corel Draw X4.Indeed, I was a bit surprised when this program didn't let me install it on my desktop.  The installer said it was already installed and quit.  Took me a few moments to realize what it was talking about.  Turns out that this is the same as the Media One program that comes with Corel Draw.  So, if you have that, you don't need this.I've used a lot of photo software over the years ranging from the most basic to the elite.  I'm a big fan of Corel now because they play well with multiple file formats, offer a very high quality at a low price, and generally are made for the most efficient user experience possible.The Photo Album is no exception and offers a great package of tools for those who don't want or need or could understand anything more complicated.  Definitely a great program for those who just want to take pictures, rather than be a photographer.
Photo Album 7 is a great product with an exceptional user guide. It is fun to use and allows me to do so much more with my digital photos.This was the first "independent" photo product I have used. I have a digital camera and while it came with software to edit pictures it is not nearly as good as this product.When I first got Photo Album 7 I loaded the software and was able to figure a lot by myself.  The software is easy to use. There is a great help system as well. Some of my favorite features are "quick fix" which automatically improves the quality of photos and photo fix which allows you to manually do this while displaying a before and after picture so you can see the results of the changes made. Other features allow you to remove blemishes, red eye or add a tan to a person. Another fun feature is the ability to change the photo to black and white or Sepia.I then decided to look at the User Guide, which on page 7 lists "Workflow Tips" which is a diagram showing five key features of this product.  The features are, Download and organize, Edit and enhance, Create, Share and Protect. The next two pages of the guide describe these features and tell you where in the guide you can find them. Additionally there is a great index in the back of the guide. The user guide is full of drawings and pictures which give great explanations on how to use Photo Album 7. Since I am a first time user this information was extremely helpful. I was able to do so much more.My digital camera allows me to take short videos and now I can view these with the software. You can also create photo shows that I have yet to do but plan to once I have the time. A create button in the software allows you to make calendars, greeting cards, collages and a bunch of other creative things.Photo Album 7 is a product that will give me and my family a chance to add so much to the photos taken on my digital camera. I am looking forward to all it has to offer. This is a great product and highly recommended.
I got this for my kids, and they can work it perfectly. That doesn't mean it isn't high-powered -- it is -- but a really intuitive interface and low system usage make this one for everyday people who just want to do some stuff with their pictures.
I received this product today and loaded it with amazing ease.  After playing around with it and making different projects I find this to be a great beginners photo editing program for those that are just starting out with a digital camera.  It really makes some great scrapbook pages and you can add all kinds of frames, graphics and such to your project.  I love the Magazine photo page.  It is so cute putting the kids pictures up there and jazzing them up.I do also own Adobe Photo Elements and a Kodak program and have to say that this Corel's program is so much better.  I like the Kodak one but it doesn't come with all the little do dad's that this one does and Adobe's program is just too far advanced for the average user.  If you are considering one program to buy for editing photos I would pick this one hands down.  Reasonable price, ease of use and so many different projects will delight everyone in the household.
This is my first time using photoshop and I really liked it. It is simple enough for beginners to understand and get some fun use out of. You can do allot including organizing photos, calenders create books, ,slide shows among many other things. Its great for editing and many other projects. If you are newbie, its ok they made it very user friendly and the end results are very professional looking.
I can say this this is the best choice for inexpensive, yet powerful video editing on a PC.  As a MAC user, (which is why I have older PC hardware), I have significant iMovie/iDVD experience.  Looking at Elements from this perspective, I can say that it is nice to see a Timeline view for editing in Elements.  It also has an iMovie-ish Sceneline editor as well.It is also nice to be able to use video from any device, burn a blue-ray disc (not an option for Macs at this point) and do video composite work.The video overlays, titles, effects, and transitions look amazing.  If I were editing on a PC, this would be my choice.I originally wanted to review this product from experience, but all I can give you is my impressions of it.  When I tried to install it on my custom-built PC from 2005 (AMD Athlon XP 3200+) the installer disc stated that my computer does not support SSE2 instruction sets.  This is also noted on the box.  As a result I could not install this product on my machine.
When I initially reviewed this, Amazon lost the review.  I am replacing it now to let you know that I found Adobe Photosho Elements 7 to be excellent. It was my first photoshop product! I found it to be easy to install, and the learning curve was very quick and simple, even for a "slowwwwww technician" like me.I am a very enthusiatic photographer at this point (way on down the line). I believe the ease of this product assisted me in feeling as if I could "take good photos". I loved Adobe Photshop Elements 7 and especially the fantastic Premiere Elements 7! I have stuck with Adobe ever since.
I'm the geezer who put cardboard over his constantly flashing VCR clock because he could never figure out how to program it, and now VCRs are relics. If it was pragmatic for me to live a horse-and-buggy lifestyle I would, but because it's not I try to adapt to the newfangled digital world. (And I'm only 57, not that much of a geezer.)The software that came with my Panasonic Lumix DMC-FZ28 and my MinoHD camcorder is adequate and easy to use (i.e., intuitive, meaning that I can figure things out without reading too many if any instructions), but it is just adequate. Spending hundreds of dollars on super duper still photo and video software is out of the question and I simply have no need for software that fancy. The Adobe Photoshop Elements and Elements 7 package is a happy medium.There is a learning curve with the Adobe software, however, at least in my case. I either have to spend some time doing trial and error experiments until I learn how to do what I want to do, or I have to read instructions, and so far I've been able to learn what I want via my preferred method of trial and error. The payoff is that I can do more stuff more efficiently than I can with the software that came "free" with the aforementioned cameras.My need for the software is basic and non-professional. All I need to do is store, edit, and share photos and videos, and sometimes create things like greeting cards and collages. (I recently became a grandpa, good motivation to take and store photos and videos.)I got the software via Amazon's "Vine" review program, and I am glad I did because I'd been considering purchasing Photoshop Elements. I use Photoshop Elements much more than I use Premiere Elements, and if I was a new buyer I would buy the standalone Photoshop Elements unless of course I could get a deal on the Elements/Premiere package that was too tempting to pass up. One can obviously do a heck of a lot more with this quality software than what I do with it, and I can easily recommend it to anyone who wants something a step above the "free" software that comes with many digital cameras and camcorders but who does not need expensive professional software. And I can easily recommend it to those who are, like me, technologically challenged.I should add that I use this software on a Vaio model VGN-N395E laptop with Vista (I've had no problems with Vista but some folks hate it). The reader can look up the specs for this laptop right here on Amazon (I have not added any memory to the laptop). Photoshop Elements has shut down on me twice in the dozen or so times I've used it on my Vaio. Being technologically challenged I don't know why this happened, but I have found that I have no problems if I shut down my browser (usually Google Chrome) before opening Photoshop.
You get two Adobe software packages in one and if you purchased them separately, you would pay a lot more.  The question is......do you really need them both?  My answer is yes.  Some software try combine the two (photo and video as in Corel Photo Album 7) and end up providing lesser results.  Adobe keeps them seperate and thus, able to provide very different types of tinkering.Photoshop 7Has great editing tools but not as many great organizational features as the Corel Photo Album.  Other reviewers have listed the features and instead of parroting them, I will just add my opinion.  I love all of the detailed ways this software lets you change a photo.  It allowed me to express my creativity in ways that got me happily lost in artisitic expression.  Oh, and it does simple editing too.  No more red eye or too dark photos.Premiere Elements 7I am not a computer whiz but this software let me do what I wanted to do with my videos in intuitive steps.  I did not need to read a manuel to figure out what I wanted to do - a HUGE plus where I am concerned. Better yet, it provided all the things I want in one package (adding music, simple editing and more advanced editing).For this price range, you cannot beat the options provided by Adobe in this package.
This is an awesome double-product for a great price!  I've always been a fan of Photoshop Elements, but still hadn't made the jump from an older version of Elements.This version is so fun and hands on--extremely easy to use!  The thing I like to definitely do is make collages, and with an older version I had to edit the pictures and then save two copies on my hard drive AND THEN add the pictures to the collage, this version lets me edit the pics directly into the collage and save it *as is*.  This might be a bit confusing but collages are the #1 reason I get photo editing software.I can't say too much for the video software yet...I've done some nice transitions and "cartoon effects", but that's about it.Can't go wrong with this package, love it!
This combo is a great package for those that want high  powered editing in a entry level price.Photoshop Elements 7.0 continues to be a powerful editing package with some nice new additions.  With the smart brush tool, a few simple clicks and the blue of the sky can be emphasized, teeth can be whitened, a photo can be converted to black and white with remaining accents of color, and selected areas can be made brighter, darker, or have increased contrast.Photoshop Elements offers a range of tools from fully automated tools such as "Auto Smart Fix" to high powered editing tools that allow for a wide range of editing and creativity.The organizer can be used for stills, video, projects, and audio.  Tags can be used to classify files in a multitude of ways.  This version of the organizer seems to respond faster even with close to 100,000 files.  The catalogue from previous versions is easily converted so all the classification done in a previous version is still there.I have found this product to be stable after a lot of tweaking of Vista.  While this was a struggle to get right Adobe has a great support page that gives a wide range of problem solving steps to get Vista to play better with Elements (I had the same problems with Elements 6.0).  As a side benefit of working though this I have also been able to figure out how to adjust Vista to make other programs work better.  It is a case of Vista's security "features" making it difficult for programs to function fully.A fun enhancement to Photoshop Elements is Essentials 2 For Adobe Photoshop by Onone Software.  I really like the frames that are offered in this package and find it a great optional addition for increased creativity.Premier Elements biggest additions are support for AVCHD (including 5.1 sound) and the new `membership' based web site from Photoshop. Another minor change is, adding media into Premiere Elements is easier as the look has changed slightly but in a way that makes access much easier.As a companion to Premiere Elements 7 I highly recommend The Muvipix Guide to Adobe Premiere Elements 7: The tools, and how to use them, to create great videos on your personal computer by Steve Grisetti.****Be aware of the minimum requirements!!!!  Premiere Elements really does need dual processors.  Otherwise it will crash and be nothing but an annoyance.  On my dual processor system it runs like a dream (note also I am running a 64 bit system).  Before when I tried it on an older system it crashed like clockwork.****I have owned all the versions of Photoshop Elements and Premer Elements.  While this might not have been the biggest advance in features I still feel that is a significant enough update to justify buying even if you have previous versions of this package.
I've used other photo-editing software, and I've always found myself wishing that it had this feature or that feature, features which are already in Photoshop! So needless to say, once you get the learning curve mastered (which doesn't take long), you have your hands on the most awesome photo software on the planet. And now, with Premiere as well, the best just gets better, in usefulness and of course in value. Highly recommended!
I have used every version of Photoshop Elements starting with Elements 2.  Elements is a great (and much cheaper) alternative to the full Photoshop program.  I once read this quote, "Elements does 75% of what Photoshop does for $75," and I would have to agree with it.I haven't found a lot of new features (other than the online photo-sharing aspects which I'm not really interested in) in this version--so, it looks and acts very much like Elements 6.  I'll need to explore more and see if I would recommend the upgrade from Elements 6.  There is a big difference between Elements 5 and 6, so if you are thinking of upgrading from that version you'll probably be very happy with this one.I did notice that it took a bit longer to load than Elements 6, so the earlier reviewers' comments may be accurate on this aspect.One last point, I've taught digital photography classes at the college level for the last 4 years--and Photoshop Elements is the software program I recommend to my students because of the cost, and because once they learn Elements it is very easy to translate that knowledge to the full version of Photoshop CS3 or CS4, since the basic commands are the same.As for the learning curve, either take a class or order one of Scott Kelby's books and you'll do fine!
If you go to the McAfee site you can download SiteAdvisor for free which works with both Firefox and IE. This version has two additional security perks, thus the 'plus' in the title. Bottomline: it blocks bad links you receive through email and during instant messaging.I found it easy to install and it doesn't slow down the web browsers (IE or Firefox) at all on my Vista 64-bit machine. I have removed McAfee products in the past for this reason, so I was delighted to find there wasn't a hiccup in performance. I also like that while searching via Google or Yahoo the green, yellow or red markers are clearly visible and the McAfee site tells you 'why' when you get a yellow or red indicator.I think it's a good product and I will be putting the free version on other computers I own. I would recommend this product to novice computer users or computers with multiple users who can use a bit more help decideing what is a 'safe' site or link.
I was curious about this product, since I am a faithful user of the McAfee SiteAdvisor Firefox addon, which is free.This product installed immediately, and I couldn't find anything new that it offered me. This program acts as a surreptitious bar down on your internet browser toolbar that uses a color coded system of letting you know when you are browsing user reported safe sites or bad ones. I find this product EXTREMELY useful for all users, advanced or novice, because you never know when you do happen to stumble on a website that is loaded with viruses and spyware. This program acts as an alert to tell you which one you are in fact visting.It doesn't take up any CPU, that I can tell, and it does have a community feature that allows you to view what others have written about the site and why they thought it was good or bad. I think maybe I would just stick with the free add on that is offered on the web versus paying for this, because I did not see anything that was new with the "Plus" program.Regardless, I recommend everyone to have this SiteAdvisor on every computer you own, this is coming from someone who has had to format countless times because of virus and spyware absconding into depths that my virus/spyware programs couldn't find.Great Product.
The Good:*Doesn't hog your resources.*Easily identifies unsafe websites.*Great for novice and expert users alike.The Bad:*A more extensive user manual would've been nice.The Bottom Line:A great program that easily identifies unsafe websites.  You install it and forget it, as you will not hear a peep from this program, as if it wasn't there.  You can see the results just by going to Google.  It uses a simple green, yellow and red system to identify the website.  As you hover over a link, it will give you a more extensive review of the website.  I'm an avid surfer and even I was amazed how some of the website I used to think are safe are not necessarily safe.  This is even a great tool for parents to educate their kids about net safety by explaining to them not to click on anything that McAfee marks as a suspect.  Overall, McAfee Site Advisor Plus is a great addition to any PC.
The net is full of sketchy and malicious websites, and it is not always possible to discern good ones from the bad. The search engines try to protect their users by developing more and more sophisticated algorithms that weed out malicious sites, but even those algorithms have their limits, and more often than not very popular websites are also the ones that engage in some underhanded behavior. McAfee's SiteAdvisor Plus filters the results of internet searches, and displays the color-coded warnings along the search results. It also provides advanced phishing protection that alerts you to the websites that try to access your financial information, and it also monitors links in your e-mails and instant messages.Overall, I am pretty satisfied with this product. The installation was a breeze on Windows Vista. It was immediately synchronized with Firefox and Internet Explorer. However, as of this writing, it did not work with Chrome. I also found out that it works seamlessly with Google, MSN Search and Yahoo. The safety ratings along the search results are unobtrusive, and when you roll over them with your mouse you gain additional information about the potential threats and the extent to which a website has been scrutinized. This does not slow down the display of search results, and it helps to have the ratings right on the search results page rather than having to click to get to them on another page.Overall, this is a solid and straightforward web security tool.
As a person who loves doing alotta online shopping specially during our christmas season which is coming up as you can find stuff on line you can't locally. Well its important to me where i shop and how secure the transactions are. whats nice about this is it can be incorporated into firefox as well as IE. It will show a green color if the site is good safe . it will turn yellow as a warning/neutral, It will be grey if it is a site which hasn't been tested yet and red for a site thats completely unsafe and bad known to send tons of spam /phishing etc.  A good point too about t his is you can click on check  it and view site report and read bout what alotta other people have noticed about a particular site etc and other opinions. Here is a trick if you wanna see it in action and how it works. type in any search engine "free wii" don't we all who  own one wish it was that easy to find  haha. Anyhow you will come up with all those lovely sites that insist you do some work for them before you get the product if you ever do but you end up getting tons of spam and ripped off in the end. Anyhow this is a good way to test out site advisor most of those sites are in the "RED"zone which show they are bad and bogus .I love having this on my computer it keeps me from unsafe websites and keeps my online shopping experiences a pleasant one ,keep spam down to a minimum. Great product as most of mcafee's products are and this is by far my fave product that they make. I will always have it on my computer good to know what sites are good and which aren't so good. I recommend this software to everyone not just us online shoppers but to everyone who surfs the web ,etc...
My husband installed this on our daughter's computer. She is the world's worse for going to every site that beckons her. And then when she crashes her computer, guess whom she calls. So far so good. If you have a child that does the same thing, this would be great for your computer. Well it will unless you have one that just can't keep those little fingers from going where they aren't supposed to go. But McAfee has done a great job here of helping us out with some easy software!
I've learned the hard way how leaving yourself open to the unscrupulous people on the Internet is a one-way ticket to heartache and pain that you just don't want to have to deal with.  Hackers were able to access my personal information and take down one of my web sites costing me thousands of dollars in lost profits and in new startup costs.  Save yourself this headache and get McAfee Site Advisor Plus 2009.  It has all the necessary software to keep an eye on your computer to keep these bad guys out.  Installation is super-simple and the payoff is worth it.  It's like insurance for your online activity...because you never know who's on the Internet!
I'm very vigilant when it comes to surfing unknown websites and I usually rely on IE 7's Malicous Site  security feature,Webroot's Spyware SweeperandNorton's Internet Securitywhich hasn't let me down... yet! But I know that sometimes they are not enough.If you use anyTraffic Exchange, both manual and auto surf programs, this is a great addition to your security arsenal. However, you will need to babysit your computer, because this program will go off like a high school fire alarm and nail just about every other website on those traffic exchanges. Some webmasters are just scandalous!With all of that said, I do like this program. It is easy to upload and didn't have any conflicts with any of my other programs, epecially with the use of XP Pro with SP3. However, I do recommend that you turn off yourExternal Hard Drive, when uploading the program, as it does have a tendency to write the program to them, as well.Overall, very satisfied with the program and it's compatability.
&#2951; Fuzzy Wuzzy's Summary:&#1150;&#1150;&#1150;&#1150;&#1150; Highly recommended with warm fuzzies!Let me start by saying that while I can just about edit and tweak photos and use graphics software blindfolded in my sleep, I am a first-year newcomer to the world of camcorders, having recently purchased a Canon HF100 unit.  Canon's HF100 is bundled with Pixela ImageMixer, which I had been using (more like hobbling along).  But Corel's VideoStudio Pro is far more intuitive and easy-to-use, while still being powerful and making me look like a pro after a few nights of using it.  As with Corel's Graphic Suite (I have their X4 version), the software comes with a hardcopy User Guide; I could never understand software companies who just have a lone CD floating around in a cardboard box without including hardcopy guides/documentation.  The software's "Movie Wizard" mode is a wonderful way to ease the learning curve and let you create professional-looking videos quickly for instant gratification.  And then as I become acquainted with all of software's functions, I then use the VideoStudio Editor mode for complete control and power.  All complex software should include at least two usage modes like this: a help-the-newbie wizard mode and a power user mode!
I haven't quite figured out the ins and outs of this excellent software.  But for the longest time, I could not see videos on my new computer (Vista), I could only hear them.  I could not figure out why.  Then I decided to install the VideoStudio Pro X2, and I can't believe it.  My videos were viewable.What you get is one CD rom and a helpful booklet.  As it opens up, there is a full screen of video editing tabs.  Editing is impressive, and best, you can add music to the video and titles, create slideshows, etc.  There is so much here that it will take a great time to learn it all.  You can get very creative with tools that look easy to manipulate.  But, if you have no idea what you are doing, this can be very challenging.  A helpful PDF is available, but still remains confusing.The software also includes working with movie projects.  Maneuvering around the screens are not easy and will take some work to get used to.  This doesn't appear to be for the novice, but with some time and effort, one can learn.  The steps are rather complicated if you don't take time to work, however, I found some help with the wizard.  I like the idea that any piece of the video can become a still pic.Right now, this is very complex to learn, and if you are not good with written manuals, the complexity remains.  ...Rizzo
If you want to do more with your videos than just the cheezy transitions that come with Microsoft Movie Maker, it's time to jump up to a real piece of video editing software. VideoStudio has a lot of pro features and bundles it in an interface that is not well designed. Depending on how deep you want to delve into this software, you can really craft some well edited videos. The support for AVCHD is especially appreciated since many new cameras use this standard.
I am a amateur short film/independent film maker, with aspirations of more grandeur pictures, but don't we all? So in essence I would humor myself as being some sort of movie maker.I have only used Avid for my editing purposes, and by editing I mean editing shots, color correction, audio fading, transition shots, and encoding to name a few. These are certainly "essential" tools for any movie making "polisher", whether extremely amateur or professional.I was very very impressed with this very INEXPENSIVE software package Corel has put out here. Avid, for instance, of course I can't hurt their reputation, and why would I, it's the number 1 program for hollywood editors and it's bar none above itself even. But, let's face it, it IS expensive for the normal everyday tinkering wondering film maker, and upwards and beyond of 1,000 dollars. Not to mention having a solid computer system to support it. And on top of that reading and learning how to use such an extensive program.Well, this Corel Videostudio, lacks all the inflated price tags, all the encyclopedia like requirements for use, and is actually aimed at professionalism for the beginner. It basically radiates " You can do anything and everything you ever wanted to do with strips of video, and you can do it easily, efficiently and inexpensively!" Now, what more could you want?This big microcosm of software offers:1. Editing2.Color Correction3.Splicing4.editing FRAMES5.encoding6.audio debugging/fading7.transitionsof course moreAnd I know you can say, well yea of course shouldn't it? Well not necessarily, especially when marketed to fly by night film makers, whether it be for home use, commercial use, or personal use. I think it takes what Avid offers, puts an ease of use make over on it, marks it down by 80% and sells it. I was surprised how professional this thing could be, while maintaining a less than clairvoyant requirement for usage.With this program, you will be able to do many many things that you wished you could but didn't think you could because of lack of know how. I say pick this up if you are wanting to start down the path of filmmaking in ANY sense, with the likes of home videos, short film in general etc. You will be able to do most of the things that the professional programs offer you with a small learning curve. If this sounds like what you want then I say go for it.  So go forth and shoot!
'Corel VideoStudio Pro X2' is an all-in-one solution for Windows to edit your video, create DVDs and let your artistic ability be showcased!!  Developed by long time software magnate COREL, this application is slick, easy, efficient, and FUN!  From capturing videos and photos in HD or SD format to creating slideshows, transitions, presentations, whatever you need it's all here.Basic editing is available with the Painting Creator, you can add effects into your videos and photos, and you will wow your users as never before, creating works of art and amazement with this great software.HD is at the forefront of this product as full Blu-ray support comes out of the box so you can make movies that are of the highest resolution and stunning quality.Want to upload to YouTube?  You can can do so easily with this product and also have full 5.1 Dolby Digital sound.Easy to use, easy to recommend, this is a solid release for all editors out there.***** HIGHLY RECOMMENDED
Too often these days, the documentation that comes with software packages is all electronic, in PDF format mostly. Well, Corel's Video Studio Pro X2 is a welcome departure from the norm: it comes with a good-sized printed manual! Seeing that immediately put me in a good mood for using this program. I read what was necessary and started the installation process.Installation itself was very easy on my Vista machine. Within 10 minutes, it was ready to use and I appreciate that. There were no updates or patches to be applied but in using it, I didn't run into any bugs and untoward behavior.There are two caveats in my review: I not a very creative person; I have not really dabbled with video editing before so this review is from a newbie layman's point-of-view. I understood that everything in Video Studio Pro X2 is a project and the opening screen showed that. I decided to forge ahead and attempt to see what kind of "damage" I could do without studying the manual. I opened a new project and imported a video that I had downloaded from the Internet and within a half-hour, I had modified the accompanying sound, inserted titles and graphics, and at the end, added a scrolling end-credits then exported it to several different video formats including a one-button YouTube upload! So I would give high marks to Video Studio Pro for intuitive user interface design.I am given to understand that video and audio can be imported from various formats although I haven't tried it. I think I'm going to ask for a video camera for Christmas and perhaps afterward, I can update this review.Looking at the software overall, I get the feeling I am looking at the surface of a deep lake: there are features galore that I will need to learn and get comfortable with and that takes time. With a printed manual and an intuitive interface, VideoStudio Pro will surely make the job easier for a newbie video editor.
I am really happy with the Corel VideoStudio Pro X2 Software.  This video editing software is a nice balance between ease of use without compromising features for most users.  I like that you can Direct-to-YouTube upload.  The program allows you to choose a target size for your video, which is helpful for websites with file size limits.  You can get the maximum quality for the size.  It also supports high-definition video and output to blu-ray players, as well as iPod format (mpeg-4) videos.  You can burn your video directly to CD, DVD or Blu-Ray.  The painting creator and film effects are fun to play with and are not overwhelming for users unfamiliar with video editing.  I like that you can do voice-overs on the video, draw on the video or put graphical overlays.  You can correct colors, brightness - which was great to take out the "blue" tint on some underwater snorkeling films my husband took using an underwater housing for our Sony camcorder.  Overall I am very happy with this product.  It is not as intimidating as the FinalCut program on my Mac, which I've never used because it has a very high learning curve.  While FinalCut probably has more features, I prefer the Corel VideoStudio Pro X2 because you can just jump right in and experiment with.
Though I'm just getting started using the software, it's really quite powerful!  Just amazing that you can get all this for such a great price.  I'm not a "techie" and perhaps it's going to take me just a little longer to catch-on. . . but I still think that I can do it! :-)  I think it's really going to help me enhance my website!
Corel VideoStudio Pro X2 handles new formats like HDV and MPEG-4. There are many, many advanced video editing features. Some of these features include adding transitions, enhancing color, white balance and tones.  It also allows you to do an overlay for a picture in picture effect. Adding background music and adjusting the volume while still hearing the original filmed sound are just some of the effects you can add.Using Corel VideoStudio Pro X2 allows you to capture mpeg format (which saves hard drive space) and utilizes Dolby 5.1 digital stereo (surround sound)Previously for travel, I used Microsoft Movie Maker which doesn't have all these features. From now on I will use this program for my holiday, travel and special occasion videos.It is easy to use after a little experimentation and for this reason and the great quality of the program, I would recommend this to anyone.
Corel is quickly becoming a favorite of mine. Video Studio has made me a regular Quentin Tarentino with my family videos. The kids sports events are good enough to send as commercial highlight videos.  My favorite thing about this software is that YOU CAN CREATE IN HD. Yes high definition video.  There are tons of creative effects that you can add to your videos. Text, alter colors, add graphics. It's amazing. You can edit the timelines on your videos and even combine different videos into one movie. Best of all, it's easy to use. I have never worked with video software before and I was up and running without even reading all of the directions. It's very intuitive.  Great results.  5 stars!
I have a "flip" video camera which I love and use frequently. This excellent program by Corel, the VideoStudio Pro X2, suits me well for editing. To be honest I do not use the many aspects of it which are offered for more than that, as yet. I expect that I will slowly segue into adding to my repertoire of visual effects with the assistance of the excellent manual included, which is massive (200 pages!) but truly helpful and worthwhile.I don't want to sound pompous but I think that nothing compares to the fascination of real motion when you are documenting the magic that is life. Corel has created a wonderful software product to enhance the enchantment, when you are ready, of the wonders which surround you. Whether these wonders are simply your daily family life, a special event such as a wedding, or a holiday, it is all so great to see in motion, as demonstrated by the fascination many of us have for YouTube--which this program can help you with, if you wish.I used this during the recent Holiday season and I now have memories which I honestly feel are way more exceptional than I could have achieved previously, thanks to this software, the Corel StudioVideo Pro X2. Furthermore, I am much more encouraged to imagine that I can master high quality videos with the help of this software than I had been previously. I was so in the dark-- and now I see a light at the end of the tunnel, with this product. :)I am really glad I own Corel's VideoStudio Pro X2!. I recommend it.  I expect, (albeit slowly, because none of this is my strong point), to learn how to use it to enhance my videos and edit them in a really "professional manner", eventually. It will be a while before I get everything out of it that it offers, because it offers a LOT!Finally I also think that it is reasonably priced and worth the money. Give it a try! You might be pleasantly surprised at what you can accomplish, just as I was! I plan to keep working at it, too. Anything which stretches my imagination always intrigues me enough to keep at it. This software does exactly that.
The progress is low-priced video editing programs over the past few years is nothing less than astounding. Originally, Corel acquired what has become VideoStudio Pro X2 from Ulead. Ulead's products were always ambitious and often too quirky to use. In this case, Corel has tamed the base product and turned out a very usable video editing and DVD authoring package that compares very favorably with the stalwart Adobe Premiere Elements.One big advantage packed into the VideoStudio Pro  X2 box is a manual, a real manual!  While the 200+ page manual will not teach you the art of editing, it will most certainly walk you through, albeit briefly in most cases, eery significant feature of the program. It's a matter of opinion, but I think old-fashioned ink on paper is still the best way to rapidly convey information. Kudos to Corel for including the manual, something Adobe doesn't bother to do.And there is a lot to learn  about VideoStudio Pro X2. This is no lightweight editing program: it can do (within reason) anything you need done by way of video capture, editing and output.Video capture options include DV tape and AVCHD.You start with three video and three audio tracks, a lot for a product in this price range. You can add up to five overlay tracks, which is actually a staggering number for a consumer oriented package. You can, of course, add effects, filters, overlays and titles. There is an abundance of trimming and cutting tools, which you can apply on the frame level.The list of things you can do, as a matter of fact, is quite extensive and you will be glad to have that 200+ page manual to work with as you learn the program.The work area is quite nice and you can change the view to meet your needs and desires.You can create your own animations with a painting tool, generate your own titles, edit audio complete with a mixing panel.Output options are surprisingly rich. DVDs with menus, of course, the now ubiquitous YouTube uploader, write to DV tape and export to mobile device.For those of us who have roots in the days of editing film with the then conventional tools, VideoStudio Pro X2 with its low price and broaqd usability is breathtaking. In comparison with other contemporary consumer editing programs, though, it is a contender for best of breed.Overall, it represents excellent value and a comprehensive toolkit for turning your raw video into a finished product.Jerry
I like making home videos, however, like most users, I want to dive right in without first being required to read a 2-inch thick manual to simply get started. On the other hand, I don't want a wimpy underpowered editing app that focuses so hard on being easy that it leaves out essential creative features.  I tried several different applications on both PC and Mac platforms. I kept finding that the apps were either feature-rich yet complicated to use or easy to use but lacking in features. I was just about to give up hope when I got the chance to try Corel VideoStudio Pro x2. I think I finally found the perfect balance.  This is a great program for the typical home user. From capture to burned DVD disc, it was really easy, straightforward, and offered plenty of options to really enhance the movie.  Installation was simple with no complications. After install, it fired right up with no significant impact on system performance.  I installed it on a dual-core Centrino laptop with 2GB of RAM and running Windows XP.  I never experienced any lockups or crashes.  The interface is clean, free from unnecessary clutter, and the controls are logically placed and easy to locate.  I connected my camera to my laptop via 4 pin firewire.  It immediately detected my Panasonic mini-DV camera and offered several capture options. I opted to capture in MPG2 format. You can capture in uncompressed formats as well, such as AVI.  The program menu controls were logically placed and easy to access. There are tabs along the top labeled Capture, Edit, Effect, Overlay, Title, Audio, and Share.  Clicking these tabs brings up the applicable options panel.  I was trimming video, stretching audio, and combining clips with ease.  I also tinkered with the many transitions, titles, and special effects.  I never had to refer to the owners manual while creating my first DVD.  Even using the chroma key to replace a transparent background, (blue screen and green screen effects), is relatively simple for a newcomer. I experienced no dropped frames and the resulting DVD was pretty nice with animated menus featuring clips of the video. The video quality was very good and played with no problems in a set-top DVD player.  There are plenty of nice DVD menus available and everything, from capture to burn, is completed  within the one application.  The entire rendering and burn time for a 15-minute DVD was under 20 minutes.  However, that was for a MPG2 capture, so rendering an AVI file or a file or a clip with heavy effects will obviously take a bit longer.  If you are really in a rush and just want to quickly capture from camera to disk, there is a feature to do this.  There is also a quick DVD feature that will quickly capture, create, and burn a themed DVD disk of your footage if you're not interested in editing.  Other output options include HD and Blu-ray, however I don't have a Blu-ray player or HD camera yet, so I couldn't test those features.  It also has a direct upload to Youtube and an option to export as an flv file.Overall, you'll be hard-pressed to find a better combination of professional features while retaining ease of use.  This program is so much fun to use because you can jump right in and do some really creative and advanced editing right away.  It shouldn't be a chore to put together a nice home movie.  If you need professional editing power with numerous audio and video tracks, and dozens of ways to tweak the raw footage, look elsewhere.  However, If you're a home user and wish to dive right into the process and have a ton of fun while making a pretty good looking home movie in the process, you can't go wrong here.
I have used Ulead VideoStudio since version 3.  The last Ulead released product was Version 11 Plus.  Then came Corel Ulead VideoStudio 11.5 Plus.  This latest incarnation, Corel VideoStudio Pro X2, is the first released solely under the Corel name and without Ulead anywhere on the box.  But don't let that fool you.  This is, for all intents and purposes, VideoStudio 12 (is the X in the title a roman numeral?).As with each new version of VideoStudio throughout the years, this release sees a number of improved and/or added features incorporated into an already solid home video editing product.  Most notable of these in the special effects section is the paint option, which allows you to freehand paint on your video (think Indiana Jones style maps to draw your route) and the ability to resize workspace windows individually.  There are many more new features-- just read the Amazon product description above--but these are two that I particularly like.VideoStudio has always been easy-to-use with a friendly, intuitive interface, and it's nice to see that Corel has not messed with that.  If you are familiar with the VideoStudio of old, then you will have no trouble finding your way around this new version.  Very little has changed.  That said, however, if you already own VideoStudio 11 Plus or 11.5 Plus, then you might want to wait for the next version.
I'm a big YouTuber and love posting videos with my wife Christine about healthy low-carb living.  And with more and more people finding online videos as an effective means for getting the word out about whatever drives them, finding a professional video editing system is ESSENTIAL.  That's exactly what you get from COREL VIDEOSTUDIO PRO X2.  It has all you need to make your videos pop and capture those coveted eyeballs to what you are doing.  Got a video to make?  Use this program to make it!
VideoStudio lets you edit and create movies, slides shows, and DVDs in both SD (standard definition) and HD(high Definition) video.  It comes in the box with a CD and printed manual (somewhat of a rarity these days).The look and feel of VideoStudio is similiar to other editing software.  You have tabs across the top that take you through the different steps of making a movie.  You can capture your video, edit, add effects, preview, and save your finished movie. You can create a DVD with a single movie or create menus accessing multiple videos. It has a Movie Wizard that walks you through the process if you're new to this. With the wizard, you can start using the software without reading the manual. However, VideoStudio has a lot of features you won't even know about unless you thumb through the manual. Also, the help menu works very well and covers a large number of features.I tested this on a Pentium 4 laptop and a Duo Core desktop. It installed easily and ran well on both.  Keep in mind that editing video is one of the most processor intensive things you can do on a computer.  The better the computer (lots of memory, hard disk space, and a fast processor), the faster it works.  That said, editing was very fast on both computers... some lag time on some things but not really objectionable. The final step of "Sharing" is where you will need to wait (and it can take hours). Here, the Duo Core computer took about 1/3 of the time that the Pentium 4 one did.  This is the step where all of the changes (edits , applied effects, etc) are applied and the final video is rendered and written out (either to disk or DVD). I have used other editing programs and this one is as fast or faster than most. It also writes out a smaller file than the other ones I've tried.  While this is good because you can have a longer movie on the DVD, it usually comes at the cost of lower quality. On viewing the DVD, I was surprised to see the quality was fantastic! Also the sound stayed in sync with the video throughout the whole movie, something that other programs have had problems with.In my opinion, this is one of the better (if not the best) inexpensive PC based video editing programs.  It's gives a good balance of functionality, speed, and quality.
My wife's laptop (Visat OS) took on a new soul creating videos and a range from small uploads to slick home movies. Our slides, converted video and home movies needed lots of additions to make them archival-great, from adding titles and visual footnotes to arranging in proper order. Here it can be done without fear!Extremely packed with options and tricks, Corel has blown away this TOASThead with great support and professionalism of product. Produce anything that you can burn to disc. Still playing with it, so no review can cover it all yet, but we are novices at editing and creating DVDs, and videoStudio is the key to learning what works and looking awesome.Highly recommended for anyone who is concerned about preserving images and movies... perfectly!
Thia is a fantastic product. Easy to use and well worth every penny you invest in it. It is amazing the wide array of things that can be done with Video Studio. Whether you are a tinkerer or a budding filmmaker, you will find that Corel VideoStudio Pro X2 is a tremendous help.
This is my second Corel Program, the first one I used was Photo Album 7 and I love it!  I figured editing video would probably require more effort than the ease of compiling pictures, but I was surprised to find Corel kept their program intuitive; I only had to refer to the manual a couple of times, and this was my first video editing program.The installation on Window's XP took about 10 minutes.  When it finished installing it was ready to go, no need to reboot.  I have lots of paddling videos taken with a digital camera, and some that had already been converted from a digital camcorder.  It was easy to select the videos I wanted to work with, but it took a bit to figure out how to sync up the music with the video, and how to omit the sound from the video so that only the music was heard.  All in all it took about 45 minutes to compile a great compilation of about 6 videos (trimmed down to just the parts I wanted).  The best part was the video conversion afterwards; I converted it direct to MPEG-4 for my iPod Touch.  There are other conversions available for the Zune, DVD, PSP, etc. This program is capable of a lot more, but for my simplistic needs it worked great!If you're unsure which video editing program to purchase I definitely recommend this one!
Coming from a perspective of a novice video cam owner with no video editing experience, I have to say that many of the features were not intuitive for me.  There is a very good 200+ page reference manual in the package.  If you're someone who likes to learn by seeing a product demonstrated, there are some Video Studio tutorials on the Corel website.  There are ten video tutorial included on the installation disk, but these are not useful as both the audio and icon/drop down labels are in Chinese language. It would have been great had the package included English tutorials.I installed the software on a Friday evening and spent about 20 weekend hours experimenting with the features.  The program can do so much that it takes some time to familiarize yourself with all your options.  Once you learn your way around Video Studio producing a very nice piece of film isn't difficult.  The hardest part is deciding which options you want to use to showcase your creativity.Basic editing is simple.  Select your clip and you can manipulate a virtual wheel that allows you to move forward or backward at your own pace.  Insert markers to indicate the beginning and end of the bits you want to keep in your finished project and drop the edited clip on a story board.  Add more film clips, and choose from a vast array of customizable titles, overlays, filters, sound effects, and audio from the Video Studio library.  If you prefer a less manual approach, use the Movie Wizard and let the program do most of the work for you.When you've created a project that you like, you have a large number of output options.  Video Studio will format your film in a wide variety of formats.  You can upload it directly to You Tube, burn a disk (Blu-Ray, HD or standard), or send it to a phone or portable player.The software loaded smoothly on my Windows XP laptop.  The disk includes a number of "bonus files" such as Acrobat Reader, Flash Player, Quick Time, Smart Sound and Real Player. Once I had finished the installation, I had a small problem with Real Player opening on its own and giving an error message.  I went to the Real Player website and upgraded to the latest (free) version and haven't had any issues since then.Although I don't have much video experience and my camera isn't high end, Video Studio enabled me to produce a very high quality home movie.  I find that whatever style or "effect" I can imagine I am able to create with this software.  It's just a matter of looking it up in the manual or checking the website for the proper steps. There has been a learning curve but the results are definitely worth the time spent.Highly recommended!
Corel VideoStudio Pro X2 is quality video editing software so the first thing I would recommend is that you have a computer with a dual-core CPU and a good graphics card.  It will also support High Definition (HD), so a good AVCHD or HDV camcorder would also be preferable for the best results.  I must emphasize that this is a not must though; this software is very flexible so it will work with almost any type of video standard.I installed and used this software on Windows Vista 64 bit and Windows XP SP3 computers without any problems; both have a dual-core CPU's and good graphics cards.  I also have a HDV camcorder.This is my first time at using Corel VideoStudio, I have used Pinnacle Studio up until now which is also a great video editor.  I admit I am very impressed with VideoStudio, whilst it has similarities to Pinnacle it is different enough to make it stand out on it's own as an excellent video editing tool.My first impressions were how simple VideoStudio is to use.  Once you start the program you have three choices: VideoStudio Editor, Movie Wizard, and DV-to-DVD Wizard.  The Videostudio Editor is if you want to edit your video manually.  The Movie Wizard semi-automates the process.  The DV-to-DVD Wizard is straight from your camcorder to DVD.I prefer to do things manually so I use the Editor.  It is still simple - when you start it, you have 7 tabs which you can select:  Capture, Edit, Effect, Overlay, Title, Audio, and Share.  These encourage you to take everything step by step which is a good approach along with using the timeline.  The timeline is basically a way of keeping track of what you are laying down in your video.  To add to the timeline you right click on the part of the project you are doing and select 'Insert to'.  You insert it to the area of the video you are laying down such as `Video Track', 'Music Track' etc....  Of course this is the simple explanation, there is a lot more to this program.Some of the great features I have noticed so far are the Picture-in-Picture and Montage Effects, the Animated Titles, the support of Dolby Digital 5.1 Sound, the Painting Creator which lets you draw freehand or paint freehand on your video and the host of Filters including some which can make your videos look vintage in style.  There are also a load of export options.  I am not a 'YouTuber' but that is one of the export options.  You can also save to almost any type of format including HD discs.The bonus program included with VideoStudio is WinDVD 8 Silver.  This is not the latest version of WinDVD but it is still a great player.As with any good video editing software, you decide how far you want to take the program - this one has a ton of features, too many to describe in one review but I highly recommend getting it if you need a cool video editor which supports all kinds of formats, will help make you custom movies and then copy it all to the type of media you need.My final word is that Video editors are a lot of fun, there is nothing better than adding your own special touch to your videos and there is no excuse now because it is so easy with software like this.
I know that this is a review of Corel Video Studio Pro X2 but I have to start by saying that I own the first edition of Corel's product when they bought the originators.  I also own Sony Vegas ultimate which I purchased because I own a Sony HD HandyCam with a 40GB hard drive.  I could never get any of the products to recognize the HandyCam including Sony Vegas.  This product did.  When I installed the application I did run into one problem that I am sure I will find the solution to eventually.  I saw that it came with a lot of extra content and I haven't been able to install it after the initial install was complete.  I guess I should read the manual but I am someone that plays with SW first and reads second.  I do this for several reasons.  I want to make sure that when I review the product it is a fair review and most people don't read the manual first.  While Sony Vegas has a number of features that this product does not, the features are not significant enough to pay the big price jump.  This product is priced right.  It is simple and straightforward enough for the novice to jump right in and start editing their own movies and burning them to DVD.  The transitions, sound effects and text editing capabilities are outstanding.  I own numerous Corel products and have been with Corel as a customer for many years (Since Corel Draw 1) Once they get a product on their drawing boards they do things right by giving their products a thorough evaluation and take actions to make sure they are user friendly. I found that other similar products are big memory hogs and this product also consumes a lot of system resources; however, it "appears" to be managed well.  Only time and the creation of longer films will give the answer to that question but for small DVDs of vacations, kid and grand kids this is a really good product.
This is a great, very reasonably priced, program from Corel.  Lots of great features, many of which were admittedly beyond the scope of my needs. Nonetheless, for amateurs interested in creating good high-def videos, I would imagine this software would be hard to beat.From what I've read, all the features from the previous edition were ported over to this new version - with extra stuff added.  You can both import and output in blu-ray format.  Editing in HD is as easy as editing standard definition video.  These are examples of new features.There are filters to give the videos 'old' or 'vintage' style looks.  It is very fast to record directly from digital video to dvd, there is a DV-to-DVD wizard.  Basically everything I could find was user friendly and very intuitive to operate.I thought that as far as sound is concerned, the audio mixer could have been a little better.  And noise reduction was a little lacking as well.  But again, at the retail price even this program is a true bargain. Plus Corel has excellent customer support should you find yourself confused or in need of help.
All I can say is WOW!  I have been playing with this program for two weeks now and it is so easy to use and the videos I have made up for my kids came out great.  The wizard walks you step by step through each part of the process and you never feel overwhelmed.  I am one of those type of people that needs the Dummies books for most everything but I really must say this was just so precise and helpful that even I was able to get through it without feeling like a complete idiot.  I will be buying a copy of this for Christmas for my daughter and son-in-law so they can have fun with making movies with their children.  Actually it's a hint that I would love to have more movies of them.  (giggle)  Kudo's to Corel for another great and easy software.
I have experience with Movie Maker, Adobe Premiere Elements 3, Video Explosion, and Videowave movie editing software, so I'm familiar with the movie editing process.  And I would consider myself in the intermediate stage.The editing aspect of this software is really quite nice.  It took me a while to get to used to the interface, but now I actually think it's better than Premiere's.  To acquaint myself with the software, I used the 'Movie Wizard' for some older home movies and really liked the results. The transitions are wonderful and the filters saved some scenes from deletion.I was most anxious to try VideoStudio's DVD burning feature.  The box indicates it can burn a DVD quickly, and that's what I've been looking for.  That aspect did not disappoint on any level.  I know the highlights film I made for my son's football team would have taken 2-3 hours to burn, especially with Premiere, and it only took me less than 30 minutes with VideoStudio Pro.This software can really do all I could ever want, and then some.
I've tried free and bundled video editing software and have found them woefully disappointing. I've also been allowed to watch as professionals use software that with all the plugs ins cost thousands-- those work real good.The Corel offering is comfortably in the middle of those extremes, both in price and expectation fulfillment.My personal video use is in converting old-fashioned analog camcorder footage first to dvd and then editing the raw product to taste. Even if you do not make use of the HD capability of this product, there are a lot of useful features.This product will let me load the saved camcorder files off the dvd directly without converting to an avi or other format first. You can then delete, cut, and paste scenes easily without learning the intricacies of key frames as some software demands.Not fully understanding key framing in compressed formats can produce some dismal results in some software when you cut and paste clips. My lack of expertise with this was pleasantly non-critical with the Corel product.There is also an automatic tone adjustment button which works really great. What this does is go through the entire clip and adjusts the colors, lightness, and darkness frame by frame.For me, these were my primary uses of the product, and what I tested the most. They worked quickly and easily and produced beautiful results. I was extremely please with this alone.I also played with some of the other features such as special effects and overlays. There is a good sampling of for lack of better word, "clip arts," or samples of these assorted effects that you can incorporate into your own videos. They can be played before or after your clips, or digitally mixed as an overlay. There are also a lot of picture, titling, and sound clips.Under the tools menu, there is an exciting feature that I haven't seen before. It is called the "painting creator."The way this works is that it will record your brush strokes in a typical paint program window and store this as an animation which you can then overlay onto other videos you have made. Way cool!
I think the best feature of the Corel Video Studio is its ease of use.  Too often I have tried larger more robust (supposedly) video editing software only to be turned away by the sheer complexity just to get started.  Not so with VideoStudio Pro. Right out of the box this program did better than my expectations.I am not a video editor, nor do I wish to become one.  All I want out of a, editing program is a simple way to take my videos, cut them up, and splice them in an order of my choosing.  This program does that and more.  I tried this on a video shot with my video camera.  VideoStudio immediately identified the video files once I pointed the program to the proper folder and allowed me to drag the individual videos to a timeline.Within the video wizard I was able to organize the clips and add a template which included a themed menu along with an accompanying soundtrack.  I was also able to adjust the volume level of the sountrack so it did not interfere with the dialog on the video.  From there it was just a couple of clicks of the mouse and I was burning the video to a DVD. It could not have been any easier.Next I chose to import the same clips into the video editor.  With a similar timeline the video editor gave me more control over the presentation compared to the wizard.  Within it I was able to controlthe fades in between scenes, and adjust the volume for each individual scene. I had many more options, but still an easy interface to use.I must applaud Corel on creating a fantastic product that is also affordable.  I would have expected to pay at least twice this price for the capabilities offered here.  In the past I have had mixed success with the Corel Suite of products.  While I loved WinDVD, I did not care for PaintShop Pro.If you are looking for a simple to use video editing program you can't go wrong with VideoStudio
You've heard of employees losing a laptop with 100,000 clients' credit card information, or 500,000 social security numbers?  We don't want to be one of those companies.  We work in Russia, US, England, and elsewhere, and can't afford to put clients' information at risk of a public breach.  That's why we use McAfee Anti-Theft
Well, let's get right down to it. Here are the positives:1. Inexpensive - 16 bucks? give or take2. Unbreakable protection3. Ease of use, simple4. Lightning fast install5. Takes up no computer spaceNegatives1. Could have had a little flare to the program, like sort of a NASA numeric crack breaking animation thing while you activate the safe. Just Kidding, there are no negatives.I installed this on my computer in less than 30 seconds, and after a restart, I had the safe ready to go. You enter 3 "password recovery" questions, and then you have the option to start creating safes to safeguard your precious files on your computer. You can choose what size the safe will be before you create it so that you can guard small-big folders/files. Once you pick the size you CANNOT go back and resize it, so choose carefully beforehand.It does it's job and it's extremely fast. I don't know exactly how tough it would be to crack it, if possible, because I'm not a hacker, and I'm not about to go test it out by having my computer stolen by a hacker. I'm not that into the "method" approach to reviewing :). But, when locked, there is no way a partisan like me can even come close to opening it, so that is enough for me.So in closing, It works, it's easy, it's fast to install, and doesn't hog the computer AT ALL. Exceptional product, and if you are looking for protection, even from someone who shares the computer with you, this is the product.
The Good:*Simple to use; user-friendly interface.*An ability to create multiple vaults(from 50MB to 4GB) to keep your hidden files organized.*Easy Access through your System Tray.*Auto-Lock feature provides extra security if you leave your PC and forget to lock your vault(s.)The Bad:*Not compatible with Windows Vista 64-bit(at the time of this review.)The Bottom Line:Finally a simple program to hide the files you don't want others to see.  The program starts by asking you the master password.  After that, each vault you name and create asking you for vault's password.  This is a good feature if more than one person share the same PC.  Both of you must know the master password; However, each one of you can set a separate password for your vaults.  Another great feature is the auto-lock feature.  You can instruct the program to auto-lock your vault after assigned number of minutes of idle time or even when a screen saver comes on.  Unfortunately Vista 64-bit users are left out in the cold for now, but I can see McAfee creating a 64-bit compatible program down the line.
I do alotta transactions online whether it be ebay selling,paypal, my prepaid visa, expotv etc.  I want my computer to be secure. I have run into alotta issues over the past year and mostly from using y messenger and such. Those issues seem to of been resolved since getting mcafee software on my computer. my computer now runs faster,It doesn't have these issues with BSOD like it was having etc.  I feel more secure and safe as well knowing my important files and transactions are safe from prying eyes etc. I personally prefer Mcafee over the others security softwares and have been using them for years and years on my computers and intend to keep on using them. Mcafee is like having a pitbull chained to your computer it guarantees you to feel safe when its onboard and working.
The McAfee Anti-Theft allows you to keep your most personal records and files into vaults, assign them passwords and encrypts your files, guarding them against theft.I feel more safe having my documents under MAfee Anti-Theft protection where they remain secure.The installation and set-up were pretty simple and quick enough. I have had no problems with it.I strongly recommend this product to everyone for the security of keeping their files protected against theft, especially with so much identity theft prevalent these days.
It is a very simple solution to a very nerve racking problem with file security.  I must preface my comments by stating that I am probably an "average" computer user.  Though, I am comfortably conversant in many aspects of technology, I am not particularly "geeky" and have never had the desire to hack anyone.  Therefore, I cannot comment on the important aspect about the "hackability" of the application.Good software to me is intuitive, bug-free and does not conflict with other programs. McAfee Anti-Theft passes these tests with flying colors.The program was simple to install, doesn't take up much space on the hard drive and is very easy to understand.Well-that is it.  MCAfee Anti-Theft a nice utility, that gives you the peace of mind that your key data is secure.Is it worth it?  What is the value of losing your precious data to competitors or identity theives?
I am a Mac owner and a former PC owner--Compaq.  I have quite a few PC software that would be very expensive to replace because of the difference between the Mac OS and Windows.So what to do?A few years ago when I was saving up to make the switch, there was only one software available--"Virtual PC"--then, Microsoft bought them out.  Then, came word that several private companies were working on their own virtual software.  Parallels Desktop for Mac came out and then came news of the Wine project-- a group of engineers whom pooled their resources to develop a kind of "anti-operating system" if you would.  Once installed, many Windows based software would automatically install itself on the Mac (or Linux) operating system, thus bypassing the need to buy a Windows operation system or re-purchase the software for the different platform.  One of the contributors to the Wine Project, Codeweavers developed their own brand of Wine, called "CrossOver For Mac,"with modifications and some improvements over the collective project.I decided that I needed to get Parallels because I couldn't get my Sprint wireless card to adapt to the Mac OS.  I forked over $70 plus $125 for Windows XP Home.  I told myself $200 is a whole lot better than buying another PC laptop.  Everything went fine for several months.  Then it didn't.  After about 4 months, Parallels stopped working.  It would either freeze constantly or crash.  Other reviewers have called it "the blue screen of death," and that's exactly the best way to describe it.  I had to constantly reset the program.  Nothing seemed to reduce the frequency of it stalling.  I had to uninstall and re-install it only to repeat this feature every two (2) weeks. With it now being out-of-warranty, it now would have cost me more to talk on the phone with a rep for two hours than it cost me to buy the product.  By email, it was on average a three day wait for a response.  In the meantime, I bought CrossOver and used it for my Word, and Excel projects--it was (is) considerably slower but it got the job done.I uninstalled Parallels for good and sold my copy for a fraction of the cost, but it relieved me of seeing that horrendous program on the icon bar.Now to Fusion. I downloaded Fusion 1x and immediately after putting all of my Windows software on, including the King-Of-Eating-Up-Valuable-Harddrive Space....Photoshop, the software was up and running without fuss in less than 60 seconds.  Until last week, the only way to watch free archival Netflix movies was to have the Windows OS, Fusion allowed me to watch literally dozens of movies over the course of several weekends as easy as turning on the tv.  Because I bought Fusion within a period a few weeks before they introduced Fusion2, I upgraded at no extra cost.Speed, reliability and Fusion is actually $15 cheaper, new, than Parallels if you pick it up here. It is now the same amount of time that I've had Fusion when Parallels started to malfunction and deteriorate.  It has never had even a minor glitch.Fusion is by far the superior program to Parallels, if you want to have access to Windows on your Mac.
These days if a piece of software does what it's advertised to do, that's always a pleasant surprise. Fusion definitely does what it's supposed to do, let you run PC software on a Mac. Installation and everything else went smoothly. If you've been wanting to run Windows software on your Mac, this is a good way to go.
I have been a PC gal ever since there have been PCs. When I wanted to try using a Mac, I needed to bring some of my Windows software over to the new machine. (Who wants to pay for TWO copies of Photoshop?)Fusion installed easily on my Intel iMac, and I was able to install the Windows programs that were absolutely necessary to me. Switching between the Mac OS and Windows is simple and quick.Fusion is a great solution if you want to use a Mac but must use some Windows programs (or simply don't want to replace all of your software on day one).
'VMware Fusion 2' is an amazing application that lets you run Windows software on your Mac seamlessly and without effort.  There has long been the option to do this but rarely has it been such a smooth or pleasant experience.  With the ability to import Parallels projects as well, you will find that the VMware solution is THE solution when you need to run Windows on your Mac.Great product, great company, great great great all around!!!***** HIGHLY RECOMMENDED
I gave this to a friend with a Mac to try out. He wanted to run some Windows programs on his system and agreed to give this software a go. The results were what you'd hope for: the software successfully emulated a Windows PC and allowed us to access both Windows and Mac software simultaneously. I was skeptical at first that the program would operate as claimed, but was quickly convinced. The makers of the software claim that "Windows is better on the Mac" -- and based on this program, they might just be right.
An acquaintance of mine, a good old boy from down home in West Alabama, after hearing I had a MAC in addition to my PC's, told me several months ago about Fusion.  "It's seamless."  It's Great!" Yeah, yeah, I thought.  That's what "Parallel" said.  That's what Leopard and "Bootcamp" said.Besides, what would someone from my hometown know about a Mac (forgetting that I have one)?While I was very disappointed in Parallel and did not like how Bootcamp made to me choose which OS, MAC or Windows, I was going to use, VMware FUSION 2 does let me have it all, or at least most of it.  I cannot drag files from one platform to the other, but I can cut-and-paste them.  I can have my mail programs on both platforms working and see if I receive mail from either.  I can, also, save my file at one location, on mine it is a common "z" drive.The installation was very easy.  Since I already had Bootcamp, VMware Fusion 2 incorporated it into the installation.I did find that Outlook 2007Microsoft Office Outlook 2007 with Business Contact Managerthat I reviewed earlier in the year started bogging down my Mac after a couple of hours.  I replaced it on my Windows platform, that was running XP Professional, with WordPerfect Office X4Wordperfect Office X4 Standard Upgrade(I reviewed this earlier in the year, too, and found it to be exceptional). I have had no further memory use problems even though my Mac only has 1 GB RAM. (I would recommend that you have at least 2 GB RAM on your Mac).  I, also, haven't had, after three days of running my usual software, any lock-ups, freezes or slowdowns.Fusion 2 has made me realize what my next computer will be: a Mac with 4 GB RAM.  Santa are you listening?
I like the way this software allows you to import Parallels-created VMs.  In addition, Fusion was easy to setup and install.  The interface is much cleaner and more intuitive than Parallels.  If you are considering Parallels, I urge you to take a few minutes to evaluate Fusion.There are two ways to create a virtual machine (virtual operating system image).  You can insert the OS cd after clicking "Create a Virtual Machine" or you can go the custom route.  I chose "Continue Without Disk" in order to get to the custom configuration screens.  This step could have been more clearly defined, as novice users may not realize this.  You can use an OS image file, as existing VM, or an OS CD from that point.  One point of confusion is when Configuration screen pops up.  You quickly realize that this is where you configure your installation options, such as RAM, but it is not clear at first.  Next, you have to press the green arrow to start the installation.  This green arrow is on another screen that popped up.  This was not clear either.If you are installing XP, you'll find you need to click inside the VM window, and press F8 to accept the license agreement.  You'll also find that this doesn't work if you have a Macbook or Pro.  You need to enable the function keys on your Macbook by going to System Preferences and selecting Keyboard and Mouse.  Then you will need to turn on the checkbox that says "Use all F1, F2 as standard function keys."The rest of the process involves setting up your chosen OS and that's pretty much it.One of the reasons I chose to do a custom install was so that I could store my VM on an external USB harddrive.As a side note, the packaging was very Apple-like and even includes VMWare stickers in the box.
Seamlessly runs Windows programs.  No problems with any programs so far.  Quicken, Office Pro, Roller Coaster Tycoon 3, Flight Sim, and others run flawlessly.
OK, written as a "first reviewer but still reviewing" I'm wiped out by the FINALLY open PC apps that this is running without any problems, but I'm pushin' it.Run windows -finally- well while running OS X, but you'll require a newer, faster Intel-based Apple for speed ad stamina.  A bit slower on the startup but expected. for me, running Windows apps from work at home is a very big deal, and here we are, running fine.I've received emails from people moving up from an earlier version of VMware but really, no problems on my new MB at all, but sooner or later, I push 'em and I'll certainly rewrite any review if and when I find a fatal flaw.Using add-ons like the GPS system I use but relied on my wife's laptop PC for is now under my control.Using some of the photo priniting stuff that kodak made that works so well on her PC runs on my MB. so far, so good.EXCELLENT tech support to fix anything (my install was my stupidity but now AOK) and so all said, I'll be cutting through PC apps and docs for awhile to keep seeing it all on my own Apple turf!Apple is superior! VM Fusion is AWESOME!
My daughter, the resident techno geek, installed the VMware Fusion 2 virtual machine program on our iMac yesterday. After installation she played Guild Wars and Oblivion using the virtual machine. Guild Wars ran fairly well and both the audio and video was smooth. Oblivion, which is a memory hog, didn't fare so well. It crashed the virtual machine. So it was a no go for Oblivion.Today, I fired up the VMware Fusion 2 virtual machine and used it to run Mastercook. I love Mastercook and was sad to quit using the program as it does not run on a Mac. Low and behold, I was up and running Mastercook through the virtual machine. The program ran smoothly, relatively quickly, and I was so pleased to have my old friend back.Our Mac runs at 2.16 ghz and has 1 GB memory. By the way, our Mac is a Intell Core 2 Duo machine.Also, the virtual machine accessed Boot Camp on the partition, for all the Mac geeks who are interested. The partition access was done automatically.We have used both Parallels and VMware Fusion 2 and we much prefer the Vmware Fusion 2 program.Overall, we are very pleased with this software. It was very easy to install, as my daughter says it was a couple clicks, and she was done.Note:  Yesterday I ran into a minor problem using the VMware Fusion 2 virtual machine. I tried to print out sewing patterns using the virtual machine. The sewing pattern pieces did not print correctly using the virtual machine. I had to print the patterns directly through Boot Camp.I am still very pleased with the ease of use with this software program. It is rare that I have to go to the "dark side" but when I do the VMware Fusion 2 makes the swap easy.
I started out using Parallels, the competition for this product. It was good, but ran a bit sluggish on my MacBook. I liked the way it handled my Boot Camp partition, but I hated the way it hogged memory and handled graphics. As a trial product, I found little need to keep it.Then I tried the first version of VMare Fusion. It seemed to be about the same as Parallels, with some minor differences. It handled my Boot Camp partition and did some things better, but other things worse. Again, I used the trial, and I decided against keeping it and went back to rebooting into Boot Camp.Now here we are at VMware Fusion 2. This is a vast improvement over previous products. The memory management is better, the graphics run better, and the setup is easier. It loads much faster than any other solution for Windows on a Mac.My experience has been mostly good. VMware 2 did give me some trouble at first, though. The serial number is on the CD sleeve, and they don't make it clear that that's where they put it. It took my shuffling through the box and paperwork a few times before I thought to look at the sleeve, which I had sitting near the computer while the disc was in the drive. Duh. I think they probably should have put the serial number in the manual, but I guess the sleeve was the first place I should have looked.Anyway, once I got it running, I had trouble getting it to work with Boot Camp. It saw my Boot Camp partition, but upon trying to run it, I got a "no media" error. After messing around for a while, looking through help, and digging around online, I finally gave up trying to get past this problem and just installed a new Virtual Machine from my Windows XP disc.Installing Windows was a breeze. Easier, even, then when you do it on your own. VMware made all the choices and did all the work. When it was done, the hard part came: Updating Windows. Ugh. This reminded me why I rarely use Windows! After that, the next thing was activation (Cross your fingers. Hope MS doesn't reject it.) and then installing supplemental software.One of the nice things about VMware Fusion 2 is that it includes a one-year subscription to McAfee Virus Scan Plus, which is pretty much necessary for Windows (another reason why I prefer to stay in OS X). It installed McAfee pretty easily, and VMware Tools went on without a hitch. For good measure, I loaded up the Boot Camp drivers disc, to make sure all the components were working.Once it was all up and running, it worked great.I like that I can share the contents of my Mac and virtual Windows XP with each other. That's something I couldn't do with Boot Camp. Now, instead of having to move files back and forth, I just pull them out of the Mac side of things and use them when needed in Windows.For MacBook users, I would suggest having a bigger hard drive and maxed-out RAM. I'm running with 4GB of RAM, and it works well if I allocate at least 1GB to the virtual machine. I'd imagine new aluminum MacBooks will be great with this product, considering their better graphics chipset.This is the one. Forget Parallels. VMware is getting it right with this iteration of their product.
I am reviewing the package that includes the software, and all the additional hardware necessary to convert your VHS's to DVD's.  About three years ago I spent over $300 on an HP device that would supposedly do this same thing.  It did, but it was a tremendous amount of work and took over 5 hours for a 3 hour VHS.  This software is much better, it takes about 3 hours to convert a 3 hour VHS and the quality is good.  It even lets you design a menu for your DVD's.  I'll admit the software and instructions will probably be confusing for non technically inclined people, but for most people who know at least a little about computers, this should be a fairly painless process.  I highly recommend this product!
I do not recall how many times I have shopped for a device that would take the VHS tapes and convert them to DVD.  But deep in my empty pocket and wallet loomed no bucks for conversions and then along came Roxio Easy VHS to DVD and now I have a brand new library (actually not completed yet) and a heck-uv-a-lot of space available to store books.  Friends said there was no software available to do what I wanted and something that costs so little and has so few parts could not possibly work.  Wrong.Unlike many Americans, I read the instructions and studied them to the point that I felt comfortable installing the software and trying the Roxio.  Now comes the part that explains my laziness about stuff.  Instead of disconnecting the VCR (a little used piece of old technology) and interfacing it with the desktop I decided to couple the VCR with the laptop.  Much better plan.  Worked to a perfect T.  The laptop is over there working as I type this and when it is ready for another VHS tape I can do it when I need to.  While I am delighted with the process and cannot think of any software changes that I would make I would suggest one element for the Roxio folks.  That is for them to include the HDMI or component cable in an effort to eliminate a trip to the store.  Additionally, while it is no big deal I would have a place that says exactly what comes with the package and what is needed to complete a transfer.  Anything to eliminate confusion would be worthwhile.  In a few days I hope to see a perfectly good VCR being placed in the historical wing of our house, commonly called the attic, awaiting the final sale.  Roxio is that good for me.
Well maybe not quite that kind of conversions, but something along those lines. This unit allows you to cable your Multi-zone  VHS ( or multi-format, like PAL, NTSC [several types ), and SECAM etc) into a digital CD or DVD.You can do PAL VHS tapes into DVD, and Audio formats  on Cassette tape on to CD. The best editor to use is an AVID Studio suite software, but there are various kinds of software available that will work. For me, whilst the original VHS containers are my main collectors item, it is hard to use them regularly if they are not in a format that can play on a digital disc format. VHS is cool for collection, as is the Vinyl, but the need to convert the items is purely a practical purpose.The previous version of this adaptor came with the Roxio suite, but the Hardware is basically very good such that it can be used with many formats. Roxio covers most of your audio formats, but suites like AVID 12 and above, can cover many video styles, as well as the menu format if you need to convert that and put it together in a new disc. In many respects, this conversion hardware is a life-saver because when audio tapes get close to the dying point ( tape too tight in audio or VHS ), and you need to have a VHS tape with content saved, this will help to save that content. Especially tapes with unique audio or video content that is never transferred to  DVD or Blu-Ray. Also the right software can clean up audio as well as Video. Sometimes this takes time, but sometimes the ROXIO software, as in audio, can process audio content to save it, and in the AVID Suite can help you save unique Video. Highly recommended  for rare or unique content.
Roxio VHS to DVD Converter is an easy and affordable way to convert VHS movies to DVD's or PC files.  It comes with a special AV lead that connects to your PC via your USB drive. However you must supply the VCR and extra AV cables which connect your VCR to the special Roxio lead and feed the video directly into your PC.Once it's all connected it's as simple as one, two, three. Click on an icon to Import video, press play on your VCR and click a button the program to start and stop recording the video whenever you like. It will upgrade the VHS quality as high as MPEG 2 which is the average standard for DVD.  Once you've finished importing your video and saving it as a file onto your computer simply record it onto a CD or DVD. This program is excellent and allows you to treasure all those old home videos forever. I highly recommend it.
This is not our first attempt at converting VHS tapes to the computer. Previously we used TV tuner cards that worked with a moderate degree of success and a recently I borrowed an all-in-one device where a VCR came with a USB port that plugged into the computer. That mostly worked well, but did involve a separate VCR and was painful.I got this converter to, yet again, try and find the perfect solution to convert literally hundreds of VHS home movies to electronic video.Right away I was impressed that when I plugged the device into the USB port, and Windows installed it without asking for more drivers. This seems like a small detail, but this is the easiest install so far. The software install was also pretty smooth and so I was able to get right to work - after a re-start.A note about installation: The outputs from the audio and either the composite or SVHS connection are what runs into the USB plug that plugs into the computer. It even includes a little cable if your USB ports on your computer are cramped. This was not an issue for us, but if you're using it on a netbook for instance, it might be very beneficial.Once installed, the software was very familiar to me. It's a Roxio product and so the feel of the software is fairly intuitive. The big graphical interface lets you step through the process pretty simply. You can opt to burn the finished product directly to a disc, or you can opt to save it to a computer playable back on the computer (MPEG2 or MPEG4), PSP, Blackberry and iPhone/iPod.The first video I popped in was a VHS copy of Clint Eastwood's Pale Rider. It recorded the entire thing about as accurately as I could have hoped. The playback was pretty close to perfect, but I did notice a small line on the bottom of the screen from time to time. Not a constant thing, but I'm not sure if that's a problem with the VCR, or with the software.Previous problems that I had with this type of setup was a lag in the voice and the sync on the video; however, this time it was perfect - even after an hour and 45 minutes of screen time. The fact that I was able to copy a movie without any sign of copy protection might also be helpful later, but I can't verify that this video had the copy guard in the first place.Bottom line is this device worked as well as I could have expected and I was very happy to see that it was not a pain. I am using it on a system that is pretty fast (64 bit, 16gb RAM, i7-2600K processor) but I am really impressed at the speed of the software and how it renders the video.All and all, I can't really complain about anything - so if you've got a ton of stuff to convert over, and you have a VCR and a computer, this will probably work well for you.
&#2951; Fuzzy Wuzzy's Summary:&#1150;&#1150;&#1150;&#1150;&#1150; Highly recommended with warm fuzzies!I am a first-time Painter user, using Painter 11 as my first version of the tool, and my background prior to using Painter 11 is mainly as a serious amateur photographer using both Photoshop and Corel's own Photo-Paint.  This is a very powerful and creative software for both graphic artists and photographers.  I found the learning curve to be fairly steep, but a large part of my learning progress was sped up when I also ordered the book,Painter 11 for Photographers: Creating painterly images step by step, which I highly recommend as a book/DVD accompaniment to Painter 11 if, like me, you are new to this kind of graphics transformation software.  For achieving various effects when combined with digital photography, I find that I often do not even use Photoshop in my workflow now.  I would tend to give the ergonomics and usability of the software 3.5 to 4.0 stars, but the power and features that are packed into this fun application are so good that this is worth 5 stars!
This is an excellent app, that most likely far exceeds the needs of the average user who wants a simple paint program - or something a step up from MS Paint. More for a pro or semi-pro.  It is feature rich, and very capable.
This review is being written by someone who has never been mistaken for anything other than someone who can pick up a pen or pencil and scribble something. I cannot draw or make anything resembling a realistic visualized image that has been converted for other people to view. This program however allowed me to create realistic paintings that did a better job than my hand otherwise would have if someone were to give me a paintbrush.I'm not saying this should take the place of paint and canvas or that it was the paintbrushes' fault. No but this program allows someone with no talent in this art form, like me, to be guided a little better to what fits me as I try to recreate anything on the screen.For instance the multifarious functions that allow you to change which kind of stroke to use or the method of the stroke (watercolors, paintbrush, pencil) acted a portable art studio with everything at my disposal. I previously had no real knowledge of the different types of things that I could use. This program had it all in front of me (with help menus I might add) that taught me along the way as I learned to use this program.I used just a mouse (no stylus) so my precision was probably hindered a bit, although I don't think having more control would have helped me much, remember I am not a visual artist. So in essence I'm speaking for people out there that want the bare minimum of this program in that you are buying solely the program itself.Great aspects of program:- Has every brush stroke I could think of, with all sizes and shapes to use in an instance- Has a color palette allowing you to choose any color or mix thereof to suit your need- Even with a mouse, I was able to create very succinct precision, surprisingly- Acts as an art studio and art teacher, in that if you haven't caught on to how to make paintings through conventional means this program actually acts as a guide that may be easy to learn from then other formsObviously you know that this review is not for the professional for I am just an average everyday software junkie who has no knowledge or art or drawing or programs thereof. I can say, however, that this program was smooth to install, extremely easy to use and taught me some things about drawing on a computer I was never aware of. For that matter, it allowed me to do things with a "virtual" paintbrush I never thought I could do. So if there is a budding or curious artist in your, I suggest this program will get you there quicker than a complete art studio would. Of course you are saving much more money too.
Who Should Use - Professional graphic artists.  If you want a simple painting program, use Paint (part of Windows) or Paint.net (free) or ArtRage ($30).  Other software is better suited for photo editing but you can paint a picture from a photo with which much more control and flexibility than other programs provide.  Painter is for people who want to simulate the painting experience in a digital environment.  The initial cost of the software is compensated for for many by not having to buy paints, canvases, paper, etc. and by having nothing to clean up.Cool Features - You can mix paints on a pallete, load the mixed colors onto your brush, and paint with them just as you might do with real paint.  Unlike the real world, however, you can take an image (like leaves or flowers), load it with a hose, and squirt it where you want it.  The range of backgrounds (papers) and your ability to vary the texture is seemly endless.What you need to run Corel Painter 11 -  Both Windows and Mac versions require a 700 MHz or better processor, 1 GB RAM, a mouse or pen tablet (to take full advantage of the tools), 24-bit color display with 1024x768 screen resolution, a CD-ROM drive, and 500 MB hard disk space.  On my 2.66GHz pc with 3 GB of ram and loads of space, I occasionally had to wait for a brush to load.Useful Technical Skills & Training - The interface is very similar to Photoshop's.  It uses virtually the same layers, tools, tool bars, icons, shortcuts, & menus.  To get up and running quick, get a free three day pass to Lynda.com and watch her Painter videos.[...]
I'm an intermediate Photoshop user, while my daughter is an aspiring artist. For a while we shared a Bamboo tablet, but now I have my own Intuos 4. We've used Corel Painter Essentials for a year or more, then received Corel Painter 11 about a month ago.Wow! This is one amazing program. As Painter Essentials users, we were able to use Painter 11 immediately, as the interface is identical. But Painter features more of...everything. More brushes, more papers, more textures, more effects, more weaves, more paint types...and more.If you've been using Photoshop without a tablet, you've been missing out, as Photoshop works better with one. However, a tablet is virtually required for Painter. Every brush takes advantage of pressure sensitivity, and even the angle of the stylus.If you have an advanced tablet, like the Intuos 4, you will positively revel in amount of control and sensitivity at your disposal. I don't say things like this often, but with the right stylus, pulling a virtual brushload of freshly mixed oil paint across the different paper textures in Painter 11 is positively sublime.There's a section in the manual called "A Short Tour of Corel Painter for Users of Adobe Photoshop." It covers important issues: How Painter reads Photoshop PSD files, layers, masks and alpha channels. The news is mostly good, nearly everything is preserved, but there are minor exceptions (layered TIFF files get flattened). I wish this section was longer, but the bottom line is that Painter integrates smoothly as an equal partner into a Photoshop workflow.Other reviews and web sites have covered Painter 11 features in detail. I've focused on the amazing level of control that Painter delivers. If you are a Photoshop user ready to take the next artistic step, Painter 11 fits the bill very well. We wanted the ability to draw, paint and edit in a more artistic style than Photoshop makes possible. Painter meets our needs fully. Five stars for expectations fully met.
The Good:*Sea of features you'd expect from Corel*Supports art pens, tablets and other peripherals*Great User InterfaceThe Bad:*Intimidating for newbiesThe Bottom Line:A great program that you'd expect from Corel.  I wanted an upgrade for Windows Paint and boy was I wrong!  This program is way way waaaaay more than just a simple paint program.  It actually scared me off with when it listed terms like "color theory."  An instruction booklet contains over 90 pages and it actually offers customer support for those who are stuck.  This is an advanced program and using a program like this to draw a 3D cube would be like having Pavarotti to sing at an empty warehouse.  I took a challenge of learning it and actually produced some of my best digital artworks.  Therefore to simply put:  If you need a simple upgrade to Windows Paint, this may not be for you.  However, professionals out there will apprecaite this program greatly.
I have been an Adobe Photoshop user for years (and still am), but never tried Painter until v11 about a month ago.First of all this thing is rock solid. I installed it on Windows Vista and it worked with absolutely no problems. Now I have it installed on Windows 7 Release Candidate, and it still works flawlessly. It loads in less than 2 seconds the first time you run it after a reboot (unlike Photoshop which takes about 6-10 seconds). My relevant current system specs are: AMD Athlon X2 6000+ 3GHz CPU, 4Gb DDR2 RAM, ASUS M2N-E motherboard, 1Tb combined hard drive space, and Radeon HD4850 512Mb video card.Now about the brushes. Wow, the number of brushes is amazing. Just about every real life brush I can think of is in here. I wasted hours just messing around with the brushes painting random stuff. This is where Painter excels. There is no other software out there that can facilitate drawing as much as Painter. This program can also be helpful in designing interfaces for web or application development.Painter's user interface is very similar to Photoshop's one. I had absolutely no problem familiarizing myself with the controls and menus. You can perform a lot of photo editing here as well. Keyboard shortcuts are similar to Photoshop, so I performed some basic "forum chopping" in no time. However, photo editing features in Painter are not as advanced as in Photoshop (obviously).The packaging is also good. It's VERY compact (think of an audio CD case but thicker). There is a 100 page paper manual (in color) included inside the box, while a more extensive PDF one is available on the disc.
I have to say that I've not used software quite like this before.  I'm learning something new about it all the time!  Though perhaps this goes without saying, but you really must have a pad/pen to use the software, which is not included.  Wacom makes some good ones, and as it states in the description Wacom is supported.  Though you can "get by" with a small one, if you're going to invest this kind of money in the software, then you will probably want to at least go with the medium tablet.Wacom Intuos4 Medium Pen TabletIf you're unsure if this product is for you, and before investing, you might want to look at Lynda.com and go through the lessons.  They only have version X there right now, but it will still give you a good overall knowledge of what this powerful software can do.
This is a software for serious digital artists. The program's natural-media tools are unparalleled. Combined with a tablet (a must-have for this program), Painter provides a unique artistic experience.The tiny Colors and Mixer palettes are resizable. All the color controls are in a single palette, and if you hover the mouse over the color wheel, a tooltip pops up, displaying accurate values for the currently selected color.You can save individual color profiles for all Painter documents, and Painter recognizes embedded profiles when opening documents in these formats. Color profiles are essential for maintaining color consistency across applications.If your tablet supports tilt detection, you can control the stroke width merely by changing the brush angle; the further the tilt is from vertical, the wider the stroke. You can even use the side of your pencil for soft shading, just as you would with a real pencil.The velocity control acts realistic, the faster you move your pen, the thinner the stroke becomes.Also, a set of brushes designed to emulate real-world markers. The initial stroke produces an even color on the paper; additional strokes build up and darken the color.Better yet, the layer management is almost same as that in Adobe Photoshop, letting you easily open files in both programs, so you can switch between Painter and Photoshop. Saving a Painter file in Photoshop format retains all complex information such as alpha channels, layer masks, sets, and merge modes.In summary, Painter 11 can be overwhelming to master because of the broad spectrum of functions, but beginners can access plenty of help, including tutorials and an extensive user's guide. Though it's a bit pricey, no other application compares.By the way, Windows XP users must have Service Pack 3 installed.
I haven't really had a chance to make a document yet, but I have ordered a book, and I will be using it a lot.There is a brush or a crayon, or a charcoal for every purpose. I have tested all kinds of combinations with colors, textures, brushes, etc.  They are AMAZING!The tools are easy to use.  As a Photoshop user there was a learning curve, but then I found there were a lot of commonalities.This program is made to work hand-in-hand with such programs as Photoshop.  Corel even says so on it's site.Painter is quite powerful; yet, even though it is no substitute for Photoshop it is way less expensive.  Corel customer service is good too.My only complaint is that it is prompting me for updates, and I keep installing, but it is definitely not as easy as Adobe.I am so impressed by Painter and other Corel products that I am purchasing a Wacom tablet.  A small version of the latest model.I know I made a great decision to purchase Painter 11.
Let me start off by admitting that the true functions of this software are way beyond my means but I can still appreciate the genius of this software.  For the price, I would think this software is more for graphic artists, professional photographers or commerical artists.  It's expensive but worth it when you see the wide range of functions it provides.  However, there are less expensive options for the casual user.It doesn't require anything beyond Windows XP/Vista or Mac, 1 GB Ram and a mouse or tablet.  Using just a mouse to draw was a little difficult for me so I borrowed a graphic tablet and was amazed by the difference.  You can hold a stylus like a pencil and actually draw at an angle to shade and it translates on screen exactly how you want it!  There are so many art forms to explore: painting, watercolors, pencil, markers, you name it! It also provides more complicated tasks that are beyond me.  I draw and paint for fun.  This version had 40 more brush customizations over previous versions and I understand there are brush accessories that can be added.  This would be great for a budding artists who wants to explore different art forms.A great bonus is that it easily exports and attaches files to e-mails. Another plus, in my case, is that the colors usually match with Adobe Photoshop.  I like software that plays well with others.I can easily lose myself in a project using this software and although it is pricey, it is worth every cent in artistic expression.
NOTE: I saved the review having selected 5 stars inadvertently. I meant to select 4 and I am unable to change it. Sorry for the confusion.Corel Painter 11 is a comprehensive application designed with serious artists in mind. It is packed with power but that power is clouded under some unneccesary complexity and occasionally is hampered by bugs.I will preface this review by stating that I am not a professional artist though I sometimes have to use tools like Corel Painter, Draw! and others to accomplish my work. I likely will have a different perspective than someone who is a professional artist and is really into the "nuts and bolts" of the application and sees flaws that I have missed.Installation of the application was absolutely uneventful and painless. There were no errors or hiccups along the way and everything was installed from a single CD. After installation, the installer offered to start Painter.The initial load of Painter is quick and the application loads very quickly. After one or two loads, though, it does slow down significantly, though sometimes it still loads up quickly. I have no clue why it loads quickly sometimes and slowly at other times.Painter has a visually appealing but slightly complex default interface. In addition to the initial canvas there are several toolbars and palettes open, all of which are logical and easy to use but might be a little overwhelming to the uninitiated. Most things on the screen have pop-up tooltips that make figuring out the non-obvious items slightly more explanatory.I am amazed at the sheer number of pens and brushes available with which to draw. When selecting the brush type, you will find 37 different and distinct types, all of which have different size, shape and coverage on the canvas. I don't need everything that is offered but the more I mess with all of the types the more potential I see for expressing different ideas on the canvas.There are separate windows for selecting brush type and setting up the properties of each brush, and changing the brush does not automatically bring up the properties palette. If the palette is not open, you have to dig into the menu system to get to it, after which it is available. This brings up an interesting issue - there could be a lot better harmony between the components in Painter. Many parts of the application feel disjointed as a result, which is unfortunate. Then again, this may be deliberate, as adding more and more palettes to the screen clutters the work area.Painter is more than a drawing program, though. It does a splendid job of manipulating photographs, bringing to the table many aspects of a photo editing application. There are many filters and transforms in addition to the miriad of drawing tools that make modifying images a snap.Painter also allows for the import of movies and even manipulation of the individual frames. There is support for AVI and MOV files, which is a powerful feature and is great for production of short clips. That said, it converts an AVI movie into a frame stack and caps the size at 2 GB. It reaches this limit quickly, even if the original clip is a lot smaller than 2GB. If it hits that limit, it complains about sufficient disk space, which is VERY misleading. If you try to play back said movie after receiving the error, Painter hangs for a long time, after loading only a few frames. To shut it down requires a visit to the task manager. I have not yet found a suitable way to limit the number of frames to load or the size of the import. I have yet to successfully open a MOV file - I get no feedback at all, either positive or negative, when I try to open one.There is a tremendous lot to Corel Painter 11, and much of the application is polished. There are some areas that need improvement, though, which prevents it from getting top marks. After a service pack or two, hopefully it will be the diamond it is meant to be.
I am no expert when it comes to getting creative on the computer...but for beginner this one is a huge lottery.I have used photoshop....typically picassa and other simpler photo editing options...So for the common mans perspective..I was not sure if I could do complete justice to this product.But now that I have played around with it and used it ..I think everyone should really have this.I thinks as much as it is an artists dream come true...for me it brought the artist out in me...albeit with some help ;-)I have an SLR and do end up trying to fix a lot of gorgeous photographs..but the options that i got with corel painter a wayyyyy beyond expectations.A photograph that starts off as a simple plain one can totally look exquisite with the number of options available here.Ofcourse looks great with Mac..but not bad with my windows either.The fact the i could control pressure of the brush strokes was phenomenal and made me feel like i had a real paint brush in hand.My husband who is more creative than me is totally smitten by this product more than I can imagine.I would love to upload some of my work here too which i intend to shortly.All in all superb software. Pot of gold for anyone with Creativity. Which is pretty much everyone.