I installed fresh batteries in the robot and started it up.  Looked briefly at the manual and realized programming it actually wouldn't be that hard.  Just tell it to do a quick 1 foot square.  So I entered the necessary info (it's really not as hard as other reviewers make it sound - or maybe they're just not accustomed to toys like this) and told it to run the program.  The robot was supposed to go straight for one foot.  It went slooooooooooooowly to the right.  One of the side tracks wasn't moving at all.  In fact, that specific side didn't move at all during the whole program.I inspect the non-moving track and even tried to make it budge a little.  I even checked the batteries just to see if I had bought ones that were drained.  They weren't.  I tried to get the robot to run the program again.  Same thing.  It barely moved and what movement it did make was slightly to an angle.  To put it simply, the unit was broken.The concept of this robot seems interesting.  I could see this as stepping stone for a child.  It would help, however, if it actually worked.
Don't know if I just got a lemon, but my etch a sketch was junk. Did not work well, lines would disappear while drawing then come back in another part of the screen. Some lines were not even straight.  Very disappointed, my son had a key chain sized etch a sketch that worked much better.
This game did not hold my child's attention at all.  In short, the game has a trail-like path winding around a mound of earth.  Along the trail are several trap door-like spaces.  When a card is drawn, it directs the child to activate the mound, which in turn causes one of the trap doors to fall open.  If your figure is on the door and it opens, you lose.Unfortunately, the game is way too simplistic, even for a young child.  After about 5 minutes of play, my child was over it.  Cute concept, but it needs a lot more functionality/features to be interesting.
... play value is low. It takes forEVER to set it up and, IMHO, requires adult hands. The holes for the leafs are small and after the first few are inserted, it gets to be quite a challenge. Once set up, it offers less than 5 minutes of play. About the only really good thing about it is that the 2yo loves the noise the bees make as she pours them "through" the tree - who needs leaves? The 6yo, however, loses interest pretty quickly. I don't recommend this toy.
Terrible set-up!  The idea is good but I am a college educated adult and I could not get all of the leaves into the tree.  It was completely frustrating.  The kids first tried doing it on their own, they are 5 & 7 and they could not line up the sticks to go through the holes across to the other side after the first 5 sticks were put through.  I sat there for at least 10 minutes maybe more trying to get the sticks into both holes.  Finally I just stuck the sticks in and didn't care if they went all the way through to the other side just to get the game started.  It was very annoying for all of us.  The other problem we found was turning the tree to face the person whose turn it was.  Once a bunch of the sticks were taken out, each time the kids turned the tree opening towards them, the bees would fall out the bottom which upset the kids.  This game was a complete failure in my house and I do not recommend it at all.
The balls go flying out of the machine all over the floor.  Usually, they do NOT return into the machine and pop back out.  It was not fun chasing the balls everywhere. The motor is SO loud that you can barely hear the music!  It scares my 8 month old but my 8 year old neice loves it!  Glad it was on clearance at Wally World.
I am so disappointed in Leapfrog!  We purchased the pink leapster for my daughter for her birthday and it doesn't even work.  I don't know how on earth this product made it past Leapfrog's quality assurance team... or should I say what quality assurance?Leapfrog cannot even warranty their product because they don't carry the pink ones. All they can do is send a replacement one in a different color. That didn't work with my 4 year old that wanted pink and got one for her birthday. So, we are having to pay double the shipping to return the defective product and pay the shipping for the new one.The most frustrating thing is that this isn't the first Leapfrog product we have had to return that was defective.  We also had to return the letter magnets because they wouldn't recognize the correct letter.  NOW THAT'S EDUCATIONAL.We won't be purchasing any more Leapfrog products because their quality assurance is sub-par.
Poorly made. There are unacceptable gaps and rough edges between the pieces. Mine came with scratches, stray paint marks, and greasy finger prints. The on/off switch keeps falling off.I am sure this is not properly waterproofed for an electrical toy and draining the water out of the hull is difficult. The drain holes mentioned in the instructions do not exist.The communication with the transmitter even at close distances is poor resulting in erratic behavior.The car moves the same way a tank does; the right side wheels move forward or backward together. The same is true for the left. They are not proportional speed. They are either in forward, reverse, or off. Surprisingly, you can't spin in place (right side forward and left side backward, or vice versa). When you set the controls to this, it only moves the side going forward.When not stuttering along, it moves fairly well on carpet, hard floors, and grass. In sand, it digs four holes for each wheel and wont move. It does transition from shore to water well, but in the water it does't steer well and is easily swept away by even a gentle current. The erratic connection with the transmitter is especially frustrating in water.
When we first got this toy, I was ready to sing it's praises! It was SO much fun! Not only did both of my boys(4 and 17months) love it, but I did too. *I* was having a blast playing with this toy right along with them. I was already looking at other toys in this line to add to our toy collection.The best part about it? NO BATTERIES! I just thought that was incredibly clever to create such a fun toy that wasn't dependent on the added cost of batteries.There's 5 pieces in this collection. First, you get the helicopter with a spot for the driver to sit up front. There's a trigger that you press over and over(your finger gets a workout...think water gun) that causes the propeller to spin. There's also a magnet attached at the front/bottom of the helicopter that picks up the "injured" animals that need to be rescued. You get 3 animals. They are so cute with their various bandages to show they are injured! ;) They each have a small metal ball attached at their head, so the magnet on the helicopter can pick them up. Once you've got the animal attached to the helicopter, you fly them to safety. Once there, there's a lever on the side of the helicopter that you turn and it releases the animal. It's an AWESOME toy for imaginative play!!Now here's where my disappointment comes in. After only about a week of play, the propeller no longer works. We can pump that trigger as much as we want, but nothing happens. I'm sure something came loose, but I can't get in there to fix it without potentially really damaging the toy. The toy is apparently just not as fun when the propeller doesn't work, because nobody wants to play with it now. In the words of my 4 year old..."Awwwwww, MAN!!!!" He was very disappointed, as was I.Overall, no matter how much I ADORED this toy, if it's only going to last a week, especially for the price(which at this time has went up $8 from the original price), I simply can't recommend it.
I understand that I am swimming against the tide here.  In the interest of full disclosure, I would rather play a game ofTroyes Board GameorMerkatorbefore pretty much any party game, but I also enjoy quality party games such asDixit,Balderdash, or evenCrappy Birthday.  Those party games at least encourage some level of creative thinking and strategy, and Dixit and Balderdash have elegant scoring mechanics which encourage a certain level of strategy.Apples to Apples has none of this.  The random card selection forces the players into prefabricated "hilarious" answers, and even taking the approach of playing one non sequitur answer after another can get rather tedious.  The totally arbitrary way in which the judge selects the winning card hardly helps.  It becomes impossible to formulate any coherent strategy.  Having people plead their case before the judge guarantees that the game either becomes a popularity contest or a situation where the loudest person in the room gets his/her way.There are better games out there, folks.  I have listed a few of them for your benefit.  Check them out.  It's a shame that a game as dull and uninspired as Apples to Apples has enjoyed the success that it has.
If you can draw Big Bird, R2D2, Melt, Paul Revere, Betty Boop, and various other obscure characters, people, and actions, on a plastic shaped person then you will love this party game.  If you can't, then you will find this to be a seriously dissapointing purchase.  I loved regular pictionary, mostly because the clues were drawable, but I think "policeman" was the easiest thing we got to draw on Pictionary Man.  Just stick with regular Pictionary and you will be alot happier.
I agree with some other reviewers here, it's going to be just one big of plastic in the house. I am putting this review note in to support all those 1, 2 and 3 star reviews. The toy lacks vision as to what it's targeting. For a 70 dollar toy, there is no replay value here, too much role playing needed to make it any fun.The build quality, plastic, is all good, but really for something to be from transformers line, it has to be more futuristic and more "automatic".And one more thing, never ever get it for a daughter or girls by any chance. It is absolutely boring to girls :)
I ordered the Hotwheels.com Turbo Driver. It came with very little instructions but after installing the included disc, it directs you to the internet. It states that after downloading a file, you can use by itself or online at hotwheels.com.After 1 hour of downloading at dial-up speed, I had only downloaded 6% so I called the Mattel consumer relations, they did indeed confirm that broadband is required. Since I only have dial-up, I cannot use the product.I also wanted to note that the one page instruction sheet states that they reserve the right to terminate turbo driver online service after January 1, 2010 so before you invest alot of money and buy all the different car-tridges, you may want to know that after January 2010, you may not be able to use them online.
My son still loves cars and racing games. Put the two together and for sure I thought I had a winner here.  I was wrong.  The game came with no instructions.  Installation took forever.  Overall, the game was boring and sits collecting dust after using it once.
This trainer was a complete failure for us. I tried using it to field balls. It is a piece of stiff foam rubber with finger straps. It seems like a lot of money for what it is constructed with. It has no flexibility and in many instances the ball rolled up it like it would have on a stiff board. Two of my grandsons tried it and just did not get how this would help, neither did I.A soft flexible glove would begin training in the correct practical manner and then teach using two hands at the same time.As I said I just do not get how this is a viable trainer, it sure did not work for us.
The thing is that I knew this was a bad idea.  I saw the commercial and I just knew that anyone who actually purchased this must be out of their minds.  I refused.  I was going to stand my ground despite my daughter begging me to buy her that thing that would turn her bathtub into a swamp or outer space or whatever.  Then, Vine offered this to me and for a split second I went brain-dead and then I wound up with this box of goo on my doorstep a few days later.  My children were both ecstatic, but my wife gave me this look that said "you make a mess in my house and I'll cut you".This was a disaster.Balk all you want and say "follow directions" but honestly, I think the five star reviews are coming from people who have yet to try this messy gunk and just assume that the directions will make a difference.  They don't.  I followed them.  But, aside from the fact that it is extremely messy, it isn't even that fun.  It feels rather disgusting and my kids lost interest relatively quickly.  Sure, they had fun for a few minutes pretending to be in all these strange places, but honestly they could have done the same thing in plain water.  Getting them clean afterwards was ridiculous.  The granules stick to the skin and are almost impossible to scrub clean.  The dissolving salt (which is all it is) does a shoddy job of working and so I wound up having to actually scoop this gunk out of my tub and into a trash bag, which only led to a complete mess in the bathroom.  It took me close to an hour to get it cleaned out.  In other words; I'm lucky my wife didn't shank me when I got to bed.I would never, ever, ever use this again, and I would never recommend this to friends.  It is a tiresome disaster that is far more work than it is worth.  Seriously, my initial thoughts were correct and I should have stuck to my guns.
Squishy Baff Bath Kit Blue is a supposed means for aquatic fun. Kids usually love anything that lets them splash around and a product that adds goo and color to water is likely to be a hit with most youngsters. This powered product seemed like a great way to add fun to the bathtub or wading pool, so I went ahead and accepted a chance to try it.My girls love the water as much as any young kids do, but after one experience with Squishy Baff Bath Kit Blue, I don't think we will be using it again. The first problem we had with this product is the goo. There was no gooey texture, as promised, and even after adding the remaining powder, there was still no goo. We followed the instructions, but it didn't work. Our tub is not that large, so I can only conclude that the product's labeling is misleading. I am not sure what ratio of water to powder is necessary to make this work, but it is obviously something unrealistic.Absent the goo, we were left with nothing more than blue colored water in the tub. This might seem fun all by itself and certainly better than nothing, but my girls felt differently. The goo was really the main reason they wanted to try this product, but it didn't exist. Absent any goo, a regular bath with ordinary clear water would have been preferable.At this point, there was nothing left to do but add the dissolving powder and wash eveything down the drain but once again, there was a problem. We didn't really need for the dissolving powder to dissolve the goo because we didn't have any goo, but we went ahead and added it anyway, hoping that it would help with washing the mess down the drain. In fact, it did nothing to help and the blue coloring would not remove itself from the walls of the bathtub. We were forced to scrub it by hand and, as one might guess, we also had to scrub the blue color from the kid's bodies.So, in summary, Squishy Baff Bath Kit Blue is a product to avoid. It doesn't work as promised and it ended up taking more time to clean up than expected. It sounded like a product with some promise, but it turned out to be a dud and a product experience I am happy to put behind me.
You have been warned. This stuff is a disaster you have to do on purpose! It can stop up your tub and god only knows what it does to your plumbing further down the line!
Essentially in agreement with all other 1 star reviewers and their experiences, I will not repeat all the negative factors. This product is not as much and easy to use. You can follow directions from the box and still won't get the squishy gel. More than that, such products should be easy to use and a bit more intuitive by design.
This product is absolutely horrible!!! I followed the instructions to a T and all I got was a bath tub full of blue water and clear squishy goo.It was nothing like I expected and the deactivator did not work at all.My kids were left with clear gel all over them and had to shower just to get it off. Everything was just one big mess and I would never recommend this to anybody.
I am giving and update to this review because now I'm just grossed out ---For one -- the Squishy Baff was just watery and the kidlet played in it and then it stuck to her so we had to go take a shower. That is fine -- but then I tried to dissolve it. They said just sprinkle the white package on it and it will dissolve.The STUFF is still there 24 hours later. I tried to drain the baby pool and it got EVERYWHERE. I've been hosing off my patio for hours and the stuff will not go away. I'm going to have to get the shovel and put it all in a -- I guess a garbage bag!! I am SO GLAD I didn't use this in the tub and had the sense to just use it in a baby pool. But, still the stuff that got on the patio has made it all slick. Ridiculous product. You might as well just let your kid play in a mud puddle, they'll have more fun and it will be easier to clean.--Earlier Review---We used the Squishy Baff in a baby pool, hardly filled and the consistency is not exactly what was shown on the infomercial. The product while blue looking was just a gritty clear substance when handled. This product might have been more effective with about four or five packets, but by just using two packets it was still watery even though we did follow the directions as far as water too goo ratio. One packet is supposed to make about 8 good goo gallons. I probably put about twenty gallons of water in the kiddie pool, so I expected it to be a bit watery, but it was really watery. Then on top of that it didn't dissolve like it said it was supposed to. It dissolved slightly, but nothing significant -- the whole poof back to regular water, like is shown in the commercial. The kidlet had fun playing in it for a short amount of time, but really it was like playing in just gritty water. I could see where it was entertaining, but we should have used a lot more packets. Video Review: [...]
I wouldn't recommend Squishy Baff to anyone. We added one package to a bathtub 1/3 full of water. The water didn't completely set into "Squishy Baff" it was half set at best. I'm not sure if the bath needed two packages because my son didn't like the goo and wanted out of the tub. After I pulled him out and cleaned him off. I tried to dissolve the Squishy Baff with the provided packets. One package didn't completely dissolve the goo so I added a second and even that didn't completely dissolve the goo in the tub. The two packets did dissolved the goo enough to get it down the drain and we haven't seen any problems draining the tub since.
Yuck! This stuff makes an unimaginable mess. First of all to achieve the level of goo as described in the instructions by gradually adding water is does not take into consideration the users of the product - children. My grandkids, 10-year old girl and 3-year old boy, dumped both pouches in the tub and kept adding water, lots of and lots of water. The result was a bathtub full of gelatin marbles, which stuck to everything and I do mean everything - kids, floors, fixtures, pets, walls, towels, rugs, carpet. The 10-year old was grossed out. The 3-year old said it felt like a wet diaper - and he would know.If this slime is "environmentally safe" I'm a monkey's uncle. The dissolve solution doesn't work. The bathtub drain clogged. I used 2 pounds of dead sea salt and still had to scoop out about 2 quarts of goo and use drain cleaner.I notice that some people recommend using this stuff outside. But why would you even want this crap on your kids' skin? Or risk your pets getting into it. Or getting it on your grass. I can't imagine how you would dispose of it. And I can't possibly recommend this stuff - unless your idea of fun is making a huge mess and spending the rest of the day cleaning it up. I think they should take this stuff off the market.
I was not the least bit impressed with this cutter.  Mostly, it ripped rather than cut.  I get much better results with scissors than I did with theScotch Gift Wrap Cutter (14-RC).  I had high hopes, especially since I would do anything to speed up the gift wrapping process.
This looked like fun, had it worked even remotely as described/imagined it would have been great... instead I have a hard time giving it a one star rating, if it was priced under ten dollars I might even give it 2 stars for it's 3 mins of entertainment value alone when it basically chases you around your house and you run laughing and screaming but for the price I can't recommend this at all.First of all it takes 6 AA batteries in the charging unit, and they last you hardly any time at all making trying to have any fun with this very expensive. It is basically an unprotected very high speed fan (watch out for your hair ladies!) housed with styrofoam.You charge it (up to 1/2hr) then turn it on, supposedly it will drift up then down and back up to calibrate itself and then you can play with it... ours just zoomed to the ceiling and stayed there.... time and time again (ok maybe 4) until it had drained its power down (under 2 mins here folks) that it came down some... we put our hands under it and yes it would go back up to either bounce off the ceiling again or to go the other direction (you CAN NOT control where it goes at all) and bang into something thus flipping itself over  and flying across the room like a rabid june bug and flipping on its back daring you to try and scoop it up and over w/o having it wreck havic on your fingers. Fun eh?Did I mention it was LOUD, super loud... scare your cat loud which is good as I can imagine what this might do to a tail.By the 3rd time we charged it (the prior charges lasting less then 5 mins) it barely ran for a min... these were brand new brand name batteries. I'm tempted to let it free outside knowing its tendency to keep raising up however given the short battery life I'm sure we couldn't manage to lose it if we tried.
in the middle of unwrapping all the toys onxmas...we lost the antenna part that goes on top. it never flew like it was supposed to. it scared my kids...made more noise than anything....flew under the couch and just stayed there. wow. boring. my kids never wanted to play with this thing. it was cheaply made and tore right away. BOO.
Unfortunately this toy does not live up to the hype and advertisement.  It only hovers in the air it does not glide or can be controlled to move sideways with the hand, there is not much to do but watch it hover.  The controller/recharger was also made of cheap plastic material that is easily broken, one of the battery door latches already broke which is why you need to unscrew the door to place batteries in.  This is a boring one trick toy, that does not even come close to expectation.
We bought this for my son for Christmas.  We love games and love the original Sorry.After you finish setting up with cheap and inexpensive plastic pieces the game starts.  The board is much smaller, circle shaped and no room for the 4 pieces you are playing with, or for the cards.  There is a small circle where you play on then 4 smaller circles where you are trying to get into.This game is a bit like the original sorry but you don't need a 1 or 2 to get out and the only game changer is the twisting of the board which doesn't do much for the outcome.We opened it up tonight, played one game and were bored with it immediately.  Boxed it up nicely and it will be going to Goodwill tomorrow.The original game of Sorry is so fun as it changes constantly, you can be close to winning one minute then losing the next.  And, that is what makes it so fun.  This new game doesn't even come close.Wish the manufacturer would have spent a bit more time on the game as it did have potential.Sorry, I am so sorry I bought this game.
This review is from: Nerf N-Strike Stampede ECS (Toy)Customer review from the Amazon Vine Program (What's this?)This is the first toy gun of any type my children experienced (under my supervision). It's for kids starting at 8 years old but fun for all ages and for boys and girls. I think this toy does not rank well for fun, educational value and durability.This toy gun is quite large and shoots durable Nerf cylinder-shaped darts. It comes with four ammunition clips, three that hold 18 rounds each and one that holds six rounds. The ammunition clips chamber just like the real thing. That's important because the realism makes it worthwhile to pick up all the spend darts in order to reload them. The play weapon jammed several times, and the instructions show how to clear a jam should one occur.While the Nerf darts are completely spongy, this gun shoots them with some velocity. That's because it's powered by 6 size D batteries (not included). It makes a cool set of sounds when the safety is off and it's fired.The parts of this toy gun are highly representational of the real thing, and that adds educational value. Kids want to learn how things work, and this toy provides some teachable moments. By closely supervising the kids, parents give lessons on safety. I personally do not see anything about this toy gun that would teach violence.I operate this toy without the removable shield. It would be different if one had more than one of these, in which case the shield would be practical for defense if participants were shooting each other. We have aimed at our large inflatable exercise ball, and the Nerf darts bounce off pretty far. So far, the toy hasn't been exciting.
I am a huge fan of jigsaw puzzles and I own a cat who flips my puzzle pieces every where, so I was excited to try this out.  And, I love Racensburger quality.With that said....I feel like I just wasted my money.  First of all, it really is slippery.  Pieces are not easy to navigate.  My next complaint is that the large cracks allow the standard sized puzzle pieces of a 1000 piece puzzle to get caught up in them.  I need a string of 4 to five pieces before it's easy to start sections without them slipping into the holes.  Next, while the trays are nice for sorting....a thousand piece puzzle fits horizontally, not vertically...so the sorting tray is above or below the puzzle....not to the side.  I have to circle the puzzle to get to the pieces or reach across the puzzle.  This thing is huge, so it's not an easy reach.  This is doable if on a table (and it has to be a larger table), but very annoying when on the floor.Lastly, and the most frustrating....this does not hold the puzzle together.  The cardboard piece that is suppose to keep the pieces in the sorting tray does not provide a tight lock.  All the pieces fall to the bottom and out the sides.  Then, it is so slippery I would actually never even attempt to pick this up...I do not see how it would hold the parts I'd completed at all, let alone travel in a car or something.In fairness, I would like to give Ravensburger the chance to accept a refund to see how their customer service is.
The below review doesn't matter anymore because the dog has officially died after very little use.My 7-year old daughter and 3- year old son are really enjoying this toy. We have a real golden retreiver that they love to play with, so I was not sure how they would respond to this toy.  They seem to love it. They walk it and pat it and hold it.  The toy responds well to the controls.  It has wheels on its paws that roll, so it goes well on hard surfaces like wood & tile flooring. It also seems to spontaneously bark and cry and wag its tale. At this point, I can't say how durable it is or how long the batteries last. The leash attaches and can be taken off the dog's collar with the push of a button.  The kids may grow bored with it but for now they like it.  The main question is whether it is worth the cost--that is something for each consumer to weigh.
Not worth the money. It's small - even for a child.  The grip allows the thing to spin in one direction - you basically grab the handle with one hand and use the other to spin the sabers.
Unfortunately, this is one of those toys that is fun for the first couple of songs you play on the computer.  After that, the dance moves are just the same old thing over and over, and the poor quality of the speaker begins to grate on your nerves.My dog arrived with the black from his eye having somehow been smudged all over its face.  The dog's one ear was also bent in a weird position upon arrival.I don't see it lasting long if it were to actually be used daily.
The Moon Dough Magic Barnyard is so awful, it's difficult to find a place to start...Assembly was straightforward without instructions, which is useful, because the instructions tell you to snap stairs that are already in place, and don't tell you what to do with a single step that's left over.From there, I opened the first pack of Moon Dough, and wondered if it had gone bad somehow. It smelled awful, like it had been in a musty basement for years. It was less disgusting after airing out for a few hours, but I don't think that smell goes away any time soon. Instead of coming out of the package in a single piece or a few small pieces, it crumbled everywhere, and that's when I discovered that Moon Dough has a consistency similar to what you'd pull out of the lint trap on your dryer.Eventually, I was able to mold most of it in to a ball, but any time a piece came off, smaller pieces of fluff would fall off and make a mess. I also noticed that in addition to making my hands stink, the Moon Dough started turning them blue. I quickly discovered that there was wet blue dye in the Moon Dough.As for the molded animals, it works pretty well, if an adult or very focused child is filling the mold. But unless you fill them completely and with substantial pressure, the end result is blobs of Moon Dough that drop out.Speaking of blobs of Moon Dough, you'd better get good at making them, because the Magic Barnyard doesn't come with any sort of container for the Moon Dough.I honestly can't think of a single reason to buy this toy. Even if your child is allergic toPlay-Doh, you're better off buying just about anything that isn't Moon Dough.
We love Moon Sand.  And I was so excited about the potential for this toy because:  A) my daughter gluten allergies which may be exacerbated by Play-doh, B) she LOVES all farm themed toys, C) we've had great fun with Moon Sand, and D) the stuff never dries out so it should last us forever, right?  Well, my daughter WAS very very excited when I showed her the box and she saw the barn.  We immediately took it outside to the porch on one of the last warm days of the season (which is also where we always play with our Moon Sand) and tore apart the box.The up side is that the toy was a cinch to assemble.  The down side was that, as other reviewers have commented, it was a crumbly mess!  You receive 3 packets of different colored Moon Dough which are VERY small, by the way.  The dough has a hard time sticking together and flakes off and sticks to clothing and carpeting.  It is also the sort of thing, once ground into the carpet, would be very hard to vacuum up.  Given how much the dough crumbles and falls apart everywhere, you'll find that 3 bags are hardly enough.Then, you're supposed to carefully put the dough into the mold at the top of the barn (and BTW, you can't really tell from the reverse molds which animal is going to pop out unless you scrutinize it carefully) and turn the crank SLOWLY (and this is clearly written on the instruction sticker) and out will come an animal down the chute.  The problems?  Well, find me a preschooler who is always going to have the patience to turn that crank slowly?  Every time we did it slightly too fast, only half the animal would come down the chute, the other half would remain stuck inside the barn!  And digging it out was a pain!!!  Because even when I poked at the half-animal, it would simply slide around instead of falling apart like a sand mold.  Then, when we did manage to get a full animal out of the chute, I would find that we didn't always perfectly fill the mold with the Moon Dough and that the sheep would be missing a nose or the chicken would be missing his whole head.  This is a problem you approach when playing with sand (whether at the beach or with Moon Sand), but it's particularly challenging here because you're filling the molds blind (i.e. just dumping it into a hole at the top).  And finally, even when I got a reasonably well shaped animal out of the chute, the animals were still hard to distinguish because, well, the molds kinda sucked.My other complaint about the Moon Dough is that it felt really insubstantial.  It is sooo light.  From a sensory perspective, I didn't enjoy touching it at all.  It felt too much like playing with air.Nice try on concept, but the Dough needs to be reworked.  A good gluten-free Play-Doh alternative is Aroma Dough from Colorations; but there are a number of recipes out there for making it yourself too.
I love the idea of the Moon Dough Magic Barnyard.  But the execution is just awful.  Assembly is simple: click on the ramp extender, the crank handle, and set the barn onto the base.  The animal molds make super cute animals (cow, sheep, pig, chicken) when you can get it to work.  But I hate the texture of the Moon Dough.  It has a powdery dry feel to it, and it crumbles even after squishing it together for a few minutes.  The warnings about the Moon Dough are a bit of a drawback too: Do not allow soap or liquid soap to contact the Moon Dough; Do not let the molds get wet.  Makes me very nervous...what happens if soap were to touch the dough?  Does a chemical reaction take place or what?  The instructions also say to not dispose of moon dough in the sink or toilet, again making me wonder what horrible things happen if moon dough gets wet.  Will the pipes clog or something?  There are also black box warnings that the moon dough should never get into the eyes or mouth, and that hands must be washed with liquid soap after playing with moon dough.While the toy says its for ages 3+, I would probably say more like 5+.  In order for the faces of the animals to be formed, you have to really jam the moon dough into the mold.  But often in the process of pushing the dough in, the mold wheel will start to move and can catch at fingers.  You also have to follow the instructions that say "for best results turn crank slowly, pausing at each mold."  This is very important because if you crank too fast, the animal only partially drops out of the mold at the ejection point and often will get cut in half.  Sometimes the other half doesn't even stay in the mold but gets rotated up into the barn and gets caught.  The combination of having to jam the dough in and then crank slowly make this toy too hard for a 3 year old to use successfully.
The plastic barn that is used to create the animal shapes and hay bales seems durable enough for a cheap plastic toy.  My gripe isn't with the farm.  My gripe is with the moon dough itself.  My daughter's been wanting this for the longest time because it claims to "Never Dry Out."  I thought it would be like Play-Doh but just be cooler (i.e. doesn't dry out but is still pliable like play-doh).  This is NOT the case AT ALL.  The texture is kind of powdery and is as light as paper.  The "dough" (if you want to call it that) doesn't even stick together and just breaks apart.  The dough was no fun for my kids and their friends and they immediately lost interest, whereas they can play with Play-Doh for at least an hour before getting bored.I have already thrown away the Moon Dough and we will attempt to squeeze regular Play-Doh through the farm's animal maker.  If that works, great, but if not we will be chucking the plastic farm as well.  Such a shame...
I really did want to like this kit.  I thought this would make a sweet gift for my daughter's 9th birthday, since she loves to bake and frequently helps with cooking.  She was very excited to receive the gift, and was immediately entranced by the pink, girly packaging.  I was happy to find a way that would satisfy her interest in baking, eating, and crafts, and I was looking forwarded to seeing her create adorable concoctions.Not so much.Although my daughter can easily follow a cookie or cake recipe from a regular cookbook, the instructions in this kit were hard to follow and confusing.  Instead of calling for regular measurable quantities, the instructions call for "one flower" or "one spiral" worth of ingredients, referring to the custom spoons included in the kit.  So if you hoped your child would learn something about baking or kitchen math from this kit, you will be disappointed.Furthermore, although the kit purports to include everything needed, a spatula is required but not included.We followed the instructions precisely, twice, and both times the cake portion ended up as an amorphous blob in the baking chamber.  We were so fed up with the whole experience we just gave up and decided to bake a real batch of cookies.Oh, and by the way,  I was appalled by the nutritional information on these concoctions.  They are crammed full of fat and sugar.Since this kit is clearly marked as requiring adult participation, don't expect to just hand this to a girl and have her come back with a gorgeous little pastry.  Someone will need to help.  I found it torture to read complicated directions calling for a spiral of a mystery powder from a packet  instead of sensible directions calling for a teaspoon of  vanilla (for instance).If you want to give a thoughtful gift to encourage baking skills, I suggest a little creativity.  Get a basket or a pie pan and fill it with the ingredients to make a batch of cookies.  Maybe throw in a child-sized apron and some new measuring spoons.  Put it in a gift bag with a bow, and ta-da!  You have a cheaper and much more satisfying gift.
I received this item free through the Amazon Vine Program for my child and did not find it appealing.  Granted, I did not spend much time with it, but it appeared to read only highlighted words in the text.  Perhaps my child is too young to find this enjoyable, but we decided my reading to her was far more enjoyable and interactive.
Very disappointing toy, cannot believe they are charging $30 for this and getting away with it. I was really excited to get this and introduce my boys to Lincoln Logs, one of my favorite toys growing up. Instead, this is just another plastic, poorly designed toy that is destined for the waste bin in a couple of years.Problems:* One-inch logs everywhere. Seriously, its ridiculous. Part of the joy of Lincoln Logs is picking them up and building your own structures. This set makes that impossible. This alone would make it a one star product, but wait there's more.* Wood is of a cheaper quality.* Too much plastic. The roofs and horse cart may last longer, but its really just cheap window dressing to hide the fact that you didn't get any logs in the deal.* $30??? Seriously . . .Not recommended. Ugh.
I was excited to get these.  We (hubby and I) Lincoln Logs as a kid.  We were excited to have these for our kids.Upon opening this toy, I had to wonder if the people who produce this toy have ever tried to play with it.  There are not enough logs to do anything.  We used to build cabins and pastures and barns and outbuildings.  Now you can build a short cabin, and put a plastic roof on it.  Seriously, the logs are all contained in a quart sized baggy.  Yes, it comes with trees and other plastic pieces.  But the fun of building toys is building.  And this set completely overlooks that.I was also hoping that the box would be a little nicer and work for long term storage.  It ripped as soon as we pulled the top off, so now the skimpy amount of Lincoln Logs from the huge box are in a baggie.I was very disappointed.  This is a toy that is meant to trade on our nostalgia for a great product without giving the same play experience to our kids.
I wasnt thrilled with this toy and either it didnt work properly or it's even worse than I thought. My kids couldn't get it to work and promptly dumped the bottom (sound) portion of it and used it just like regular color wonder paper. I definitely wouldn't purchase this again.
The bottom line here is that this product just doesn't do what it promises.  It isn't the easiest thing to use and it doesn't really bring anything worthwhile to the table.  Coloring with the provided (and necessary) markers was difficult (why don't markers want to color anymore?) and while the cutouts were easy enough, the finished product has a cheap quality to it.  The glowing colors are muted (nothing like the vibrancy on the box) and the coolness wares off very soon, even for children.  Soon after it was opened it became `no big deal', and that is sad.  Toys are supposed to be fun.  This product is false advertising.
My wife brought this over to my brother-in-law's house for his kids, thinking it would be a great activity, particularly because the kids have my old black lights in their rooms, and black lights make glow-in-the-dark anything about a dozen times more vivid and interesting.Honestly, nothing about the experience was pleasant, and I actually felt bad for sharing the toy with those kids.The markers were extraordinarily messy, leaky, and in order to get them to really work, you had to push down on the tips, so it was easy for a seven-year old to get frustrated.  When the tips were pushed too much, they'd puddle and ruin that area.  And maybe the table you're working on as well!  I should have been tipped off when I noticed one of the "required items" which you need to supply is aluminum foil, in order to protect working surfaces.  Bad news!And my pet peeve; batteries are not included.At the very least, when being played with, the child has to have more patience than the average child of that age range has, and that's the reality of it... the execution of the product is poor and the results are the kids didn't have fun.  My old black lights were the highlight of the activity.My recommendation... this is one of those things I can honestly say you just shouldn't buy.
Please save yourself money and skip this "non-toxic" product.I can't tell you the headaches this has given us. And not just from the noxious smells that the glow pen gives off either. The markers are terrible, like they don't come with enough ink. My son was working so hard to color a circle with these (lame/dry) markers that he was PANTING! And his hard work still looked streaky and weak.Even the completed product was a total letdown. You should have heard the sigh my son let out after he saw the pathetic "glow" after all his hard work.This product saddens me because I see that it is clearly destined for landfills across our great planet.CRAYOLA: Do Better Next Time. Stop trashing our planet for your abysmal experiments in childhood "fun". Parents don't want to expose their children to your "safe" but seriously questionable chemicals. With products like these, you are rapidly losing consumer trust.
The glow effect only lasts 4 hours and of course this information is nowhere to be found on the box. It is only after you pay almost $20 for it, open the instructions and find out that no matter how hard your kids work on decorating the paper provided, no matter what plans they made for displaying their artwork afterwords, once you applied the glow activation marker, the glow effect will last only for 4 hours and them you can just put the whole toy in a trash can!Save the environment and money, do not buy this junky toy.
Despite NUMEROUS attempts to use this toys, my kids have never warmed up to this toy.  They have been bored and frustrated by it's less than stellar construction.  I would not recommend  this toy to anyone.
This product doesn't work as expected. It's hard to get the "lead" flowing, it's not smooth, and it doesn't show up well. The flow is patchy, too. I've stopped using it.
Okay, so I thought this was a great idea... a pencil that writes like a pen, right? Wrong!!!  First off, the ink doesn't even compare. It seems MORE like pen ink than pencil ink!  It's not smooth writing, either... in fact, other than the speal that sharpie tries to sell you, nothing is smooth about this pencilpen!I have my serious doubts that you can use this instead of a #2 pencil as well because the ink LOOKS so much different.  I would be real hesitant using it in a test! I don't like the way it writes, either. I used a pen on one line, a regular pencil, and then this hybrid, and I really hated the way this hybrid wrote, and the way it looked as well.  Don't recommend at all!
We bought this for our 2 year old and our 3 year old.  Neither was interested in the least.While it's good quality in terms of audio tracks, and while the content seems well targeted and reasonable educational, I just had to give it one star based upon the fact that none of those things matter if our kids wont' listen to it. Your results might vary, so consider this a one-star review that is open to the higher results of others and that recognizes that kids can be very fickle.
The music is just fabulous, I really cannot say enough about how much I enjoyed it. The lyrics are not bad either, though I found them to be somewhat simple, but the vocals are a nightmare. Juno's voice is a repetitive, nasal, droning, quacking horror. It is so annoying: just imagine an adult trying to sound like a toddler and failing to do so over and over again. The vocals kill the educational effect of the music by making it impossible to listen and enjoy. What a waste! If only somebody made a better decision about how to handle the vocal part of the CD.
I got a couple of these and I was disappointed with the sound quality most of all, but even if the sound would have been really good, I don't think this is the music I'd purchase for baby. I like a lot of the classic albums available for babies, and many of the old sing along favorites. My grandson didn't like these any more than I did and actually asked me to put something else on (he's four)
For children, I much prefer music that introduces them to important musical traditions--folk, jazz, world, etc.  This CD just feels like giving children a meal of cheetos and smarties.  Fun, yes.  Sweet, yes.  But cheesy.  And not really educating kids about music.  I would choose Elizabeth Mitchell, Pete Seeger, many of the Putumayo series, etc.  Kids need to be treated like people and not like consumers.  Pop on some Johnny Costa playing the music of Mister Rogers' Neighborhood.  Don't be fooled.
My family loves board games and plays them often. We were very excited to try out this new one. After playing it, we were quite disappointed.  I think the makers of this game expected it to sell based on it's rather edgy name, "Fact or Crap."In each round, a player reads three true/false statements, none of which relate to each other, and the other players decide whether the statement is "fact" or "crap." Players get points for answering right and lose points for answering wrong. Occasionally, you'll get cards that have one player read five questions to another player only, and that player gets points for right answers while the reader gets points from the wrong answers - at least until the timer runs out.This game can go on for a very very long time- until all the chips are gone. Really, the "facts" are so obscure that it is truly just a guessing game. For true trivia games, there are much better games out there- Trivial Pursuit for example.As a result, playability and especially replayability are low with this game. It's a trivia game that requires no knowledge of trivia at all - just a keen ear for what sounds right (and thus isn't) and what sounds wrong (and therefore isn't).Unfortunately, this game is not recommended.
Beat the Parents comes with a folded board to play on, 4 pawns, two red and two yellow.  The board itself is half yellow and half red.  It comsists of circles your pawn would navigate from the two start circles on one side to ending the game on the other side. Kind of like checkers.The instructions are vague. There is a quick start instruction guide, sums up what to do...get to the other side after answering three questions per card. The kids start on the yellow half and parents on the red half, thus kids vs parents. Kids go first asking the parent a parent question, I couldn't answer and he couldn't even read to me.  There are three questions on the same card. After you answer the first correctly move your pawn ahead one, go to the second question and repeat, then the third etc. There are Wild cards and circles, I don't even know what they read since our pawns didn't move. The game has to be played with an adult, the kids questions are not easy at all, the font on the cards is tiny as well. You can't help your child read the questions because the answers are right after the question...making the game not fun at all. The board is boring.  My 7 year old and I didn't make it off start.It's a nice concept if they imrpove 90% of the game. We didn't enjoy the game at all.
Me and my husband play board games once a week with a group of friends and I thought this game would be a lot of fun with the other couples we play with. The game separates you into men vs women with the goal of getting across the game board first by answering questions based on the other sex.First off, this is not a game for younger teens as some of the questions are slightly inappropriate for the age group. Furthermore, a problem we encountered was that the questions were either really easy or impossible. Many of the impossible cards don't even make sense as they aren't widely known by the gender. Several times we got questions that no one knew what the answer was. This detracted from the fun of the game.There is also not a lot to keep interest in the game over multiple times. It was ok the first time we played as a group but mostly because of the dialogue of the group. After that though we had seen a lot of the questions and the game is very simple. In the age we live in board games are complicated and this one simply isn't as complicated as cranium or another board game. Even though you see the cards more than once in these games you keep altering your team partners and how they are addressed.Overall, this game was fun the first round but more because of the company than the game.
Got this game to play with our adult children.  When it arrived, I opened it up and started looking at the women's question cards.  Are you kidding me?  Who thought up these questions?  I went through about ten and couldn't answer any of them.  I don't want to even attempt to play this game with my children.  I can imagine we'd all just get fed up and quit! I would much rather have Trivial Pursuit than this game.  This game is ridiculous!  A game is supposed to be fun and this one is not!!I did give it five stars for educational value.  You could really learn some things by just reading the cards!!! However, it's supposed to be a game not flash cards.
I actually bought this, with my hard-earned cash.  I don't like this dumb game at all.  You each start on either sides of the board and have to like, cross over then back again to "win".  You answer trivia questions but they're all Yes/No questions, or just really lame multiple choice ones.  A few times we came up with scenarios that the rule book didn't have an explanation for.  I don't like playing this game - it's just dumb and not creative.  This is still in my closet, and I'm throwing it out next time I do some spring cleaning!!!
My test subject for this product was my 5 year old niece, who is in the target age range.  Immediately upon giving the Smarty Ants Phonics Reading Pup Husky to her, she beamed happily, exclaiming how cute it was.  Her 2 year old brother then grabbed it from her, gave it a full-body hug and said, "Mine!".  So I thought, "Good, both kids are interested in it".  We used the paw controls to play the single song that came with it - a monotonous rhyming song (cat, pat, rat, Nat, etc.) in which the words seemed to be pronounced with the same inflection.  The stuffed animal moved its head and opened and closed its mouth in time with the song; that's the extent of its movement.  The other paw control plays stories that tie into the song, so there were stories about cat, pat, rat, Nat, etc.  The kids quickly lost interest and moved onto other toys.An integral part of this toy is going online to the Smarty Ants website to apparently play games and activities that relate to the particular child's reading level, to teach and reinforce what is learned.  The stuffed animal itself is merely a vehicle to download new songs and stories to again reinforce what was taught while online.  The program is apparently set up to determine the child's reading level and then to work from there, allowing them to learn at their own pace.  All of this sounds like a really good idea.  You will note, though, that I used the word "apparently" in my previous sentences.  This program requires that a parent have time to monitor a child while they are online, playing on the Smarty Ants website.In my niece's situation, both parents work, and both work on computers during the day.  The last thing they want to do when they come home at night is to go back online and watch their child interact with a software program instead of interacting with them.  Not to mention that the time they have to spend with her between the time they get home and she goes to bed is limited and family together time is important to them.  Also added into the equation is that the home computer is also a work computer, and is not one that the children can play with unsupervised.In this scenario, the stuffed dog toy is languishing unused in the corner of the family room.  My niece isn't interested in either the song or the stories that are on it.  No one has the time or inclination to go to the website to fully try out the software or download any more songs or stories.  By being online-intensive, it is not user-friendly for my family.  The stuffed dog toy isn't interactive enough to hold the children's attention.  What my niece does like are hand-held electronic readers and reading pens, and the reading and math video games that can be played on the home TV - which isn't what this product is about at all.  Those she can play with on her own and at her own pace, without going online, and can play with them unsupervised when her parents are busy with household chores.  She can't do that with the Smarty Ants program.  I've also found that she is the type of child who prefers to make up the conversations between her dolls or her stuffed animals, rather than listen to a talking doll or a talking stuffed animal.So, I can't really recommend this product because in this situation, its full capabilities haven't been accessed or used.  It may be very useful in households where there is more than one computer and there is a parent or caregiver home who can spend the time supervising the child's online time.  But in this household, the computer is not used as a child's toy, so the product is useless.
As some other reviewers have said, it only comes with one car. The instructions even tell you that you need a second car to operate the toy. It isn't the standard characters, they are about 1.5x larger.Only four pieces of traccmk really don't get you anywhere either.It does come with the battery unlike the requirements listed here.Not even donating it, going in the garbage.
The idea behind this product is a good one.  An acoustic guitar with some familiar Disney faces on it, seemingly perfect for the budding musician who also likes Princess-themed items.  Unfortunately, the poor construction makes this guitar almost completely useless as anything other than a decoration.The first thing I noticed is that the tuning pegs didn't feel right when they were turned, as the strings are too tightly wound and will pop out easily.  Even when tuned, the sound is not good because the body too is cheaply constructed.  I've even noticed that the bridge seems slightly loose or damaged, throwing off the sound.I could see this product being of some novelty interest to young Disney-obsessed girls, but it's not at all functional.  For those looking at a guitar for their young kids, I'd suggest staying away from the expensive kids' toys and just purchasing an inexpensive but "real" guitar.
I have no idea how much this sells for but if you pay over 5.99 for it you're wasting your money.Since I'm a writer I usually review books. However, as soon as I saw this toy I had to have it. Shades of the 80s, my youngest son and Transformers. I thought my grandkids would love it--boy was I wrong.My first disappointment came when I opened it. It was all plastic and I knew if anyone was capable of breaking Optimus Prime on the first day it would be my 3 year-old grandson. And he did.The Transformers of yester-year were made much better. If I remember correctly they were made of some plastic and some eh, metal. My son had a drawer full and they lasted years. Just ask my husband who stepped on them more than once in the middle of the night.Like I said, it's worth 5.99 at best. Anything more and you are wasting your money.
This was a waste.  Two boys, aged 5 and 7, who know who Captain America is and were excited to try this shield, quickly lost interest.  Sure, it LOOKS cool, but that's about it.  The top door, where you load the discs, is flimsy and the 5 year old tore it right off.  It never shut correctly, even before he tore it off and I stuck it back on.  And because it never shut correctly, the motor activator would turn on-off intermittently.  Yes, it's motorized, though I can't imagine why.  It didn't shoot well at all.  Took 6 AA batteries and it shot maybe what, 10 feet?  Discs would constantly get stuck inside the thing and not shoot out.  The motor running inside would speed up or slow down or just shut off for no reason.  You'd think this would be a lot more fun but it was weak and didn't work correctly.
I cannot recommend this product as it fails on multiple levels.  First, the build construction is simply ultra low.  The plastic is flimsy, and one of the two cars arrived in the package broken (specifically, the cranking mechanism for driving the tires was broken).  Second, its a strange and unwieldy concept for cranking the car.  Unlike most toy cars like this where you pull the car backwards to wind up the tire driving element, this one requires you to twist the two halves of the car until its sufficiently wound.  Its goofy, unintuitive and bound to quickly lose the attention of most kids.  Further, this mechanism approach is highly prone to mechanical failure, as I learned with the item directly out of the box.  Third, the fun factor isn't high enough to justify buying; its only about 5 linear feet of track, no curves or bends.  Obviously the car just travels straight until it crosses the finish line.  That's only so much fun for so long, and does not provide any of the visual appeal typically seen with curves and other elements.  Lastly, and this comment is for the manufacturer if they read these reviews, the packaging is terribly unappealing visually.  It would not stand out at all in a crowded shelf of toys.UPDATEI just realized, when my daughter's finger began to bleed, the tracks are extremely sharp.  They are constructed of super thin plastic, the bottom of which essentially has rails that are razor thin and ultra sharp.  Had I assembled the tracks myself, I very likely would have been cut.  This item needs to be recalled immediately!
This Kid Galaxy Ratchet Racer Drag Strip set is not very fun at all. The track is cheaply made. They fit together well but It would be really easy for them to get damaged. The Cars do not work very well especially when small kids are trying to use them. The cars can be fun but so can cheap cars from walmart. Not worth the price at all!
This is what I call a "5 minute toy", because that is about how long it will keep your child's interest. Forget the track, the kids won't care about racing. They will be more interested in simply winding up the car (by rotating the two halves of the car", and then letting it go along the floor.The advertising video says it all. They do their best to make it look like fun, but as you can see, the cars do not follow the track. Save your money and just get the wind up cars only.
Given Ravensburger's reputation as a puzzle manufacturer, I was eager to get this board game for my six-year-old son. Their puzzles are high quality and very sturdy. The pieces interlock perfectly. We own three, along with their Tetris-like game, and I had always been satisfied with the company. Not this time.Because of its awful design, we never played it. The board comes in two pieces and is fairly flimsy cardboard. I expected a fold apart board like any other board game. But the worst part about it is there's nothing to hold the room cards on the board! A single bump sends them out of alignment. Coming from a puzzle maker, I was appalled. The board is going to get jostled. And don't even think about playing it on a carpeted floor.The concept itself is nothing new and fairly trivial. Chutes and Ladders, essentially, though a race to the attic seems less satisfying for some reason. I'd ordinarily recommend such a thing for young children, but not if the pieces are going to be sliding all over the place. Talk about frustrating.Ravensburger ought to be ashamed of this offering.
This game was not fun.  A mere 17 cards into the game, making ordinary matches according to the instructions, we found ourselves in an impossible situation, that we did not realize was impossible until we had drawn and examined every card in the deck.  The rules do say that it is illegal to play any card that will result in an inability to continue, but there was nothing intrinsically impossible with the situation we found ourselves in, except that the designers did not happen to have made the kind of card we needed (river on one corner, railroad on the other side).  How were we supposed to know?  So basically we ended up very frustrated and with a growing, huge pile of cards in front of us, only realizing after all the cards were drawn that the play, in retrospect, had been an illegal move.  So what to do?  Put all the cards back?  It was just weird and not fun, and on top of that, is pretty much all luck.If you are familiar with Carcassonne, you know they solve the matching problem in two ways--first, they just seem to have a greater variety of curving, assorted, pathways that make up for odd junctions you might create, and second, they allow you to add a tile "field to field" so that you can, if necessary, just begin a new pathway if you get stuck.  This game doesn't allow that, and in fact it would be nonsensical if it did, since the point of the game is to be able to lay down all one's tiles first.  The designers of this game don't seem to have played it enough to realize the kinds of card varieties that would be needed to prevent impossible situations.As for ditching the rules to just have fun putting down tiles, well, I guess in theory that could be ok, although neither my preschooler nor my first grader had any interest in playing with the tiles in that way.  I'll try another time.  Perhaps my preschooler is not quite old enough and my first grader too old for that kind of fun.  If your child is in that perfect age for that sort of activity, I guess this could be a good set to get.Otherwise--blech.  Just not a great game, even accounting for the fact that it's intended for the youngest players.
As other reviwers had mentioned, this isn't really a puzzle but a model. The pieces are numbered and they are typically assembled in order. It could be done as a puzzle, but the pattern of windows is so repetative it would be incredibly difficult to do so. The plastic pieces are assembled in order, going around the building. There are four stages where there are plastic platforms that go between the building. these are where the buidling narrows as it goes up.There are flat pieces that make up the side of the buidling, and pieces that bend at the corners. These bendable pieces have features on the back that interloc to keep them bent. However they do not stay bent well and achieving a 90 degree angle is very difficult. There is a third type of piece that just fits on the building like a mortice and tendon joint. It isn't a friction fit but instead is a tab going into a slot. When you get to a a point where the buidling is terraced, you insert a small platform that fits internal to the pieces, going onto posts protruding from the last row of puzzle pieces.The difficulty is that becuase the corners are not really 90 degress the platform is very difficult to get on. It relies on interacting with small posts coming out the back of a few pieces, but these are not in the right place because the walls are warped from the corner strain. It relies on a high-precision alignment which is impossible. The pieces that are slots don't add to the integrity of the structure, making it even more sloppy. It is a game by which the platforms are key to holding it together, but they can't be put on because the pieces aren't held together. Perhaps if I had six hands.For the pentultimate platform, we found it impossible to put it on. It just kept falling into the building because the warp of the walls made the posts not fit at all. In the end, it was thrown in the trash without being finished. We just found the highest layer and the roof to be impossible to get on. I likely tried for 30 minutes after my son and daughter tried for a while.While it was potentially fun (me and my 15yo and 12yo enjoyed building the first part), in the end it is destined for the trash and very frustrating.
I wanted to take a photo of this to explain that I couldn't complete it.  For one, all the pieces have numbers on it, so it's more of a kit than a puzzle.  And of course I cheated because there were numbers on the back.  I got to the next to the top area and noticed I couldn't fit the piece that is supposed to pose as a ledge into place. The puzzle pieces are too wide for it and it doesn't connect, in fact the gold piece falls into the middle of the building and I had to turn in over and dump the gold ledge piece to start again.  Video of this would be rather funny.  So now I have the puzzle on my table, with the top part made and sitting on its top and the antenna put on top of the third level and it all looks so funny yet so non-put together.  I tried to form the tower with my hands so the gold piece would fit, but trying to make it smaller doesn't work, it only pops out the pieces that are scored.  It's a fun concept, but not so much fun if it can't be completed.
My five year old daughter played with this toy for two minutes, before she got bored with it. My three years old son played with it for fifteen minutes before he got bored with it. And their father was royally annoyed after thirty seconds.The "songs" this toy emits are of the bone-sawing variety - shrill, shrieky, nerve killing. Even my kids hated the sounds that came out of it after a short while. And then, there is not much variety, either. It is basically always the same tune, with some variations. The only kick my kids got out of it was when they discovered that they could play "the puppet eats my finger" by sticking theirs between the moving lips of either the big or the small critter. Lasted five minutes, then the annoying sounds that accompany the mouth-movement prevented much more interaction.This thing is destined for the landfill.
Well this was a big dissapointment.  The directions were written in a multitude of languages, with English near the end. I don't know if the directions were lost in translation or if PhD's are required to understand them...but regardles even with muliples readings by people with Masters degrees, as well as kids with IQ's in at the genius level, did nothing to help us understand this game.  Maybe if you can figure out the rules it would be fun, but for us it just left us  So, I cannot recommend this game.
This product review is part of my obligation to Amazon for accepting to be a member of the Vine program, a club of selected customers that provide opinions about "new and pre-released items." We enter this club by accepting free copies of products but we promise in return to submit an opinion.The Easybake ultimate oven has a good appearance and it is made of durable, sturdy plastic, so it is a toy that will last.The oven has no door: the cooking tray is pushed in from the left and pulled out from the right. This makes it awkward and it does not reflect the reality we face when cooking in a real oven.The instructions read that adult supervision is required and... frankly speaking... it is necessary because the graphics are such that only an adult would be able to understand; for example... rather than the simple word NO... to any action, the EASYBAKE oven instructions display provides a picture of the action in question under a circle with a line in the middle, something that an adult who already drives will recognize immediately but a child would not understand.To fully appreciate the toy, we had actual children attempt to do the baking with us. Heating time is 20 minutes, cooking time for six [6] cupcakes is 10 minutes, cooling time another 5 minutes. The mix is for 12 cupcakes, so after 50 minutes we had 12 cupcakes, each 7/8 of an inch in diameter.The kids did not even try to frost them because they were so small. Between the two "6 cupcakes cooking" we had to wash by hand the cooking tray, since only one is provided.In the same amount of time we could have baked, using a mix, 12 regular size cupcakes and frosted them too. It is a toy that will be used only once and has no teaching value.
I loved my Easy Bake Oven as a kid and played with it constantly. I hoped my daughters would love this as much as I loved mine. But the difference between mine then and this now was just way too huge.The mixes are tiny, make barely anything and cost a fortune. A pack of cookie mix at Walmart is around 8 dollars. Since I bake with the kids at home anyway, we could buy about 7 boxes of standard oven cookie mix for that price and get dozens of full size cookies as opposed to a handful of mini cookies.Remember how we all had a couple cake tins and such to chose from? Not here, as you get 1 cookie sheet. You can purchase others for an additional price.This version is a huge money suck that hasn't improved over the original except for making it more visualizing appealing. It's pretty and that's going to entice buyers, but it honestly isn't worth the month at all.
This was NOT the Easy-Bake oven that I had when I was a kid.  Pans kept getting stuck, fingers kept getting burned, and kids kept getting bored.  Real disappointing.
It can be difficult to see scale looking at product photos but I agree with the other reviewers who have said that the oven itself is much smaller than I expected and the "baked goods" even smaller yet. Also, while I was hoping for something that would allow for a little creative experimentation, this thing isn't built like a normal oven with an opening door, there's a kind of slide thing, and it's also tiny. You have to use the special (OVERPRICED) Easy Bake mixes with it, so no creative license allowed. No educational value, not much fun, and frustrating to work with.
A large square cardboard box with plastic shell encase this small rectangular plastic game.  When we opened the box, we thought items were missing because the package was so much larger than the game and there were no visible instructions visible anywhere.  On the rear of the box is a picture of a family of four, a man, woman, girl and boy, all with their mouths agape as they appear to be thrilled with an opportunity to slap the large TURBO SLAM! button.  My family does not look like the people on the box and we never opened our mouths like the people on the box.  We love to play Scrabble but this game did nothing for us.  Fingernails were broken while attempting to slide out the drawer which contained the playing cards and instructions, but we had no difficulty inserting our own 3 AAA batteries with our own screwdriver.  The Turbo aspect of this game which includes "music, sound effects and other cool features" did not "boost the action into high gear!" as the game advertises.  It's simply too cheaply made, loud and annoying, much more than the original SCRABBLE SLAM.  The box has written, "More Ways to Play!  Go to [...]."  I could not find anything at the website which even recognized this game and therefore saw nothing about more ways to play.  We adults thought all sounds of this product were annoying.  I doubt that young children would be entertained for long by this game and would not consider giving it as a gift or including it in a toy drive for children.  I cannot recommend this game.
This is the same review I left for the snowman sing-a-ma-jig. The one addition is that I think these are ugly toys. They aren't even cute enough for me to overlook their annoying sound.When I first saw these toys, my instinct was to think they would be annoying. Then we got it, and I saw the "Toy of the Year" award on the box. Toy of the year?! Compared to what?My children are all under the age of 7. We have had our share of noise-making, singing, push-for-sound toys. I tell you, this one takes the cake for most annoying. My two oldest kids asked what the annoying sound was.  My son was less than amused and then got bored after having to keep squeezing the tummy for the toy to keep singing.  My youngest child just walked away from it.Apparently, these toys are able to sing in harmony. However, to do so you need to have two of the same for them to sing the song in harmony.  You can also put both on the "la la la" mode to sing in harmony. The reindeer only sings the lyrics to one song.  Combined with the snowman, they might be able to harmonize in gibberish, but that mode was the most annoying of all.Overall, I do not recommend this toy.  In my opinion, it probably should have won, "the most annoying toy of the year."
When I first saw these toys, my instinct was think they would be annoying. Then we got it, and I saw the "Toy of the Year" award on the box. Toy of the year?! Compared to what?My children are all under the age of 7. We have had our share of noise-making, singing, push-for-sound toys. I tell you, this one takes the cake for most annoying. My two oldest asked what the annoying sound was, my middle child was less than amused and got bored after having to keep squeezing the tummy for the toy to keep singing.  My youngest just walked away.They say these things can sing in harmony. However, you need to have two of the same for them to sing the song in harmony.  You could also put both on the "la la la" mode to sing in harmony. The snowman toy only sings the lyrics to one song.We also got the reindeer, and they can somewhat harmonize in gibberish, but that mode was the most annoying of all.Overall, I don't recommend this toy. It may work as a gag-gift.  In my opinion, this should have won, "the most annoying toy of the year."
I actually had two children over today and let them test the product and one was two and one was four.  It says for three and up but must say the four year old did not enjoy constantly having to push to get the jingle bells song and the two year old could not do it so it is not something I would recommend as a fun toy for young children think they would get to frustrated with it.
UPDATE: 1/5/12Vtech decided to sneak in an update and I can no longer put ANY videos on my son's Innotab. The ones I transferred before still work, but any I try to put on the SD card now, even ones that I know previously worked and were accidentally deleted no longer appear using the same methods I always had. I get a "memory card error" every single time the Innotab starts now and the new videos will not show up. Given that the educational and design value of the Innotab is far lower than that of the LeapPad and now that it doesn't even function as a video player, I can't recommend this toy. Not only did they botch the video transfer process, but Vtech support is horrible. They double charged me on a single app purchase and won't even return my emails nor respond to my PayPal claim to get a refund. Thankfully, PayPal came through and refunded me my money because Vtech would not respond to their inquiries either. Horrible, horrible, horrible customer service! We will NEVER buy Vtech again.UPDATE #2: 2/4/12We brought the InnoTab with us to Disney World to help keep my son entertained during the long drive (~25 hour drive one way) and I also brought my old iPod 3G 64GB that I haven't used much recently. The night before we left I was up until 4am converting video files for the InnoTab which consists of changing the properties to be compatible with the InnoTab and then running it through a second program to increase the audio volume because for some unknown reason the InnoTab silences the audio on video files that have normal volume on any other device. This increases the file size so you have to degrade the video quality even more to make them a reasonable file size, which is still more than double what they would be in an iPod-friendly format. This is all very time consuming, and on top of it, as I went to transfer all my newly converted files, I found that InnoTab was no longer recognizing the files I placed on the SD card. I was using the same method I had when we first received it so there had to be some undercover update that changed this process. I could find NO way to transfer the files. Even considering the comment about making sure the SD card is not locked did nothing. So, I pulled out my iPod, queued up the video files to be converted and got some sleep. Put them all on the iPod in the morning before we left and voila. No problems, better quality picture and sound and smaller file sizes, meaning more room for media. I am a huge technology lover and I think I let that get the better of me in my excitement for this "child friendly" media player. In reality, it has nothing over an iPod. The majority of the downloadable games are poor quality and not engaging at all and with a screen that is a teeny tiny bit larger than an iPod but much lower quality picture, it just can't hold a candle as an educational device OR a portable media player. Especially considering it's significant size. It's almost as big as my iPad for that puny little screen. The screen size is the same as LeapPad's, but the LeapPad wins hands down with a much smaller overall size. I'll leave my initial review up for those who aren't ready to pay the extra money for an iPod Touch or Kindle and don't mind banging their heads on the wall trying to get media on the device, but if you want an educational game device for your child, don't waste your time here. Buy a LeapPad. They are plentiful now and the same price as the InnoTab. It's a no brainer.----------------------------------Let me preface by saying my son is 6-years-old, has had a Leapster since he was 3 (with a library of 20+ games), got an iPod touch last Christmas and now has the Innotab and a LeapPad under the tree. I wrote an extensive comparison between the LeapPad (I spent $27.50 on 2 apps from the App Center plus tried out 4 cartridge games) and the iPod touch from a purely educational standpoint. The summary is basically this: The LeapPad will cost you more money in the end but it is far easier to find quality educational material through LeapFrog's App Center than it is through iTunes. Not that it doesn't exist, but it can be hard to find the good stuff that is truly educational and not just entertaining.Now that my sneaky boy found the Innotab stashed in my desk that I was loading with videos when he was sleeping the night before, I have had plenty of time to assess the Innotab as well. My first thoughts are the quality of the games. I spent $12 and downloaded 7 apps. Three were free with the V Coins we were awarded for purchasing the Innotab. One thing I liked about the V Coins was I had free pick of any app in the Vtech download center (Learning Lodge). LeapFrog has a similar system, but two of your free apps have to be what they give you (All About Me and Art Studio) and the third is your choice from a handful of titles, a fraction of what the App Center has to offer. The LeapPad comes with only one app installed, Pet Pad, which is a simple letter tracing game with the incentive of teaching your fully customizable pet (from puppies to dragons) new tricks. The All About Me app allows your child to create a story about themselves or a loved one complete with pictures and audio that can be shared via e-mail with friends and family. The Art Studio is a simple art app. LeapFrog has also been sending around a code for yet another free app, Alphabet Stew. I received an e-mail a few days after setting up my LeapPad through their LeapFrog Connect software.The Innotab comes with two games, Pinball Letters and Ice Escape. The first game is a simple labyrinth type game where you tilt the device to get the ball in the hole. You earn letters that automatically spell out a word as you progress. The second, has zero educational value. You move ice blocks to help a penguin find his way to the fish so he can eat it. Problem solving skills? Maybe. But the levels are very few and always the same. Innotab also comes with a basic Art Studio, much like LeapPad's version, and a Color & Pop app that gives you a choice of 8 pictures to color and when done, you can view it in "3D". As you tilt the device, it looks like the foreground is moving separately from the background. Kind of neat, but really limited given only 8 pictures to choose from. Last but not least, my son's favorite, the e-book "What's That Noise?" It's a simple narrated story that has animated and interactive scenes as you go along, just like the ones you purchase from LeapFrog's App Center. You can click any of the words to hear them individually. Hands down this is my son's favorite app, even after the ones I purchased and downloaded.It may seem like you get more out of the box with Innotab, but honestly, the offerings are very thin. Each game has one objective and that's it. There's no variety, there's no story behind it, just repetition. I think of them more like mini games than a full fledged game. Granted, they were only $2.99 (on sale, regularly $4.99) and LeapPad's apps start at $7.50 and go up to $20. Their prices are steep, but the old addage "You get what you pay for" is still true. I would gladly pay $20 for a game that my son will play for hours and keep going back to than pay $20 for 6 apps that bore him so much that he plays them once never again. I really wish I could get a refund on the apps I purchased from Vtech because that's exactly what my son did. Looked at them once and never again. Of the games I purchased, it's hard to really recommend any of them but a few were close enough. One was supposed to teach him sentence structure (Sentence Puzzle), but all it is is an owl and chalkboard and two pieces of a single sentence that he has to put together. It's horribly easy because, of course, the section ending with the period goes last. There's no thought involved. I was hoping for something that would take entire sentences apart and let him put them together in a way that makes sense, the way one of the mini games in the Cars 2 Ultra e-book for LeapPad does it. I could see value in that. I bought a few that were supposed to reinforce spelling too (Carrot Patch, Helpless Hippo), but they all do the same thing though with different graphics. They show a word, take away one letter of the word (which you can see before it disappears) and then ask you to find it from a selection of 2 or 3 words. How is showing him the letter before asking him for the answer making him use his brain? He's not looking at the word and thinking about how to spell it, he's just recalling what he saw a second ago and doesn't even have to look at the word. Another game almost hit the mark, Alpha-Circuit, with it's robot that needs help filling in the missing letters in the word. There are several letters missing from the word and scrambled below. You have to unscramble and replace the letters, which seems great, but a child in this age range who is just beginning to spell may have absolutely no idea where to begin and then it simply becomes a game of trial and error. Cab Tab is actually decent as it has your child driving a car around town to pick people up and drop them off at their destination. At each stop, you have to calculate the change they are to receive for the ride. This and Rhyming Whiz were my favorites for educational value. Rhyming Wiz has you playing as a cute little wizard who has to match rhyming words to get through the dungeon. This exposes my son to new words that he can easily pronounce the first time because he knows it rhymes with the given word. This boosts confidence, let's him have fun and helps him learn at the same time. That's what Innotab is supposed to be about, right?! I did not buy any cartridges for the Innotab so I can't accurately compare, but they seem to offer the same general types of titles as LeapPad, including the current popular Disney and Nick Jr. franchises and for the same price ($25) as LeapPad's cartridges.My overall opinion is that yes, LeapPad apps are far more expensive but you get far more value out of them. Aside from the creativity apps, there was nothing I played that couldn't be considered quality educational material on the LeapPad. The cartridges I purchased are Cars 2, Pet Pals 2, Globe Explorers and Mr. Pencil. The apps are the Cars 2 Ultra e-book and the expansion for the Cars 2 cartridge game. Aside from the quality of the available material, the LeapPad offers incentives. The Innotab has nothing like this. Since Leapster 2, LeapFrog has had this rewards system in place and it's much more interesting now with the LeapPad and Leapster Explorer. As your child progresses through games, they earn tokens they can spend on goodies for their custom pet (the one they make in the Pet Pad app, this same pet accompanies your child through many of the apps) or unlocks content in the cartridge games, like new power ups or new characters or vehicles. I haven't done any of this myself as I didn't want to ruin it for him, but I did peek around the token store to see what was available and it seems really neat and gives the child a reason to keep playing and learning. This idea is completely absent with Innotab. Also, for the record, there is no licensed material in the Vtech Learning Lodge, aside from a couple of e-books starring Toot & Puddle. If you're hoping to find more Dora or Cars or Disney Princesses in their app store, you will find none. LeapFrog's App Center is full of Disney of all varieties (Cars, Toy Story, Princesses, Nemo, Tangled, Tinkerbell, etc) and lots of Nick Jr. as well (Dora, Diego, Ni-hao Kai-lan, SpongeBob). LeapFrog's own licensed characters make plenty of appearances as well. And they just added a new Thomas Ultra e-book!As far as build and quality of materials go, they both feel equally durable and appear to have what it takes to withstand the test of time. The LeapPad is significantly smaller and I do prefer it's design, but this is cosmetic only. Both are pretty thin and can fit in a large purse or diaper bag. The screen size is the same, the quality of the picture and sound are similar, speed (as in loading times) are similar in both units as well. They are pretty equal here, aside from the LeapPad having the advantage of a smaller profile.Now here's where the competition gets really interesting. The LeapPad has picture and video capability as well as audio recording. It's obviously not great quality and may not do much to entice my son who is used to the passable iPod touch camera, but it opens up new options for play. The microphone is cleverly used in some apps, such as Pet Pad where you blow in the microphone to dry off your pet after a bath. Cute!! The Innotab may not have a camera or microphone, but it has an SD card slot. LeapPad has a fixed 2GB memory, which is actually plenty considering you can put ALL the games (including the 8 cartridge games that they offer in digital format! LeapSchool Reading, Pet Pals 2, Dora, Globe: Earth Adventures, Mr. Pencil, Ni-Hao Kai-lan and both SpongeBob titles), e-books, ultra e-books, expansions, creativity apps, flash cards and 4 of the larger videos on that 2GB (including the pre-installed games). I can't imagine you'd ever want everything in the App Center, but if you wanted to, you could! The videos are fairly large files so you'd have far fewer games if you were to purchase all the videos but I don't think they're a great value anyway since much of what's available can be streamed for free via Netflix or Amazon Prime, including LeapFrog's own learning videos.Where the Innotab's SD card shines, however, is in the ability to turn it into a complete media center. I am able to add 3 full length DVDs per GB, so with a 32GB card, we are talking almost 100 videos! You could easily get away with a 8GB or 16GB card and have lots of room for movies, though I am in the process of loading my son's Innotab up with goodies for our upcoming vacation and I'd rather have room to spare than not enough! If it weren't for the SD card and the ability to add movies and music freely (which LeapPad does not) I would consider the Innotab a total flop and not worth the investment as a pure educational toy. For a durable, kid friendly media player, however, it simply can't be beat. You will not find a media player capable of this amount of storage anywhere near this price. For $15 more than what I paid for a portable Sony DVD player, I have the Innotab and a 32GB storage and the ability to put ALL of my son's DVDs on it with ample room to spare and completely avoid the hassle of having to lug around a case of DVDs, a bulky DVD player and a case. The screen size is only slightly smaller than my Sony DVD player and the picture is actually quite good, especially considering the fairly small file size of 300MB per movie. UPDATE: However, I recently discovered that the audio on most videos I put on the Innotab are very very quiet, even at full volume. Some are almost completely inaudible. I found a work around for this using VirtualDub, but this will increase your file size. It seems a necessity if your child is going to be viewing them anywhere with any kind of background noise, especially while in the car.When it comes to batteries, both Innotab and Leappad use 4 AA batteries. Be prepared to replace the batteries at least once a day initially. You will absolutely want to pick up a good set of rechargeable batteries. I highly recommendSanyo NEW 1500 eneloop 4 Pack AAA Ni-MH Pre-Charged Rechargeable Batteries. I have been using them for 5 years and still have my original set. They run about $10 for 4 AA batteries, and they are well worth it. Any rechargeable battery charger will charge these though you can buy an eneloop charger as well. What sets these batteries apart from other brands is they have an extremely low discharge rate. With typical rechargeable batteries, you're going to run into the issue of them losing charge while sitting on the shelf waiting for use. Eneloop claims these batteries retain 75% of their charge after 3 years of no use and I completely believe it. I had a spare set that hadn't been used in at least a year and we got over 4 hours of use out of them before we had to switch to a freshly charged set. I can't recommend them enough for parents who have a lot of battery powered toys, especially battery hogs like Innotab and LeapPad! You may also want to pick upVtech Car Charger. The Amazon description states that it's only good for V. Reader and MobiGo but if you go to Vtech's website it has this same model and says compatible with Innotab.UPDATE: Also discovered two rather important cons. Vtech included the option to toggle a delete switch in the app screen. If this happens while you're away from home, such as on vacation, you will be out of luck. It's very easy for this to happen because the button is very obvious. It's a wrench in the upper right corner that also toggles the ability to move apps around, but it's far too easy to accidentally delete them while moving them. LeapPad has the ability to rearrange apps that works very much like an iOS device. Hold down an icon and they will wiggle so you can move them around. No deleting here. Vtech also placed a big trash can button precariously close to the "next video" button in the video player. I just don't understand why Vtech would think we would want our young children to have the ability to delete content. As for the second con, you can only have ONE child registered with the Innotab. If you try to add a second through the Learning Lodge, it will tell you that you have to switch with the existing child. LeapPad offers the ability to add 4 or 5 children, in addition to the guest login. It fully tracks the progress of all children on the LeapPad. Innotab also has a guest feature, but you're clearly not going to be getting any progress tracking while logged in as a guest. It may be irrelevant since I haven't been noticing anything changing in my son's progress log in the Learning Lodge anyway and I've plugged it in countless times to download new apps or movies to the Innotab. Just something to keep in mind if you were looking forward to this feature.If you want to skip all of the above and just get to the point, LeapPad wins hands down for a purely educational gaming device, but if you want lots of media in a compact, kid-friendly format, Innotab can't be beat. Just to throw the iPod touch in one last time, it is a good mix of the two. A versatile media player with access to excellent educational content and tons of apps just for fun, it's worth the investment. I'd recommend the LeapPad for pre-k through 3rd grade. Beyond that, your child is going to be wanting that iPod touch. :)
I ordered this game as part of the Vine program thinking that it would be similar to regular Yahtzee but with an electronic twist. Boy was I disappointed. The games you can play on these "dice" are nothing like Yahtzee. There are no record sheets to play regular Yahtzee with which should be the first clue that this isn't really Yahtzee, just a little electronic diversion.There are four games included in the package. Three of the four games are solo games and the only multi player game that exists is sad, try to get 5 of a kind faster than anyone else. I am glad I didn't pay money for this item or it would be going back immediately.Don't waste your time or money on this game. It is only Yahtzee because they slapped that name on it!
Opening this game was a chore and not worth the time and trouble.  I actually cracked the plastic on one of the blocks trying to get them out of the packaging (it still operates).  When all of the blocks/dice were out and in the box it was a tidy little game box so why all the packaging?  This is not much of a game and I got bored quickly.  Stick to the dice version.
The idea of a tabletop easel was nice, but the actual item is not up to the Crayola quality I have come to expect.  Essentially, what you get is a cheap wipe off board, some newsprint quality paper, a few fat crayons, and some low quality markers along with a stand.  Once put together, the easel sort of works.  It really isn't hefty enough to do much drawing or wiping off without it sliding across the table.  A child would do better to just get some paper, crayons, and markers and draw like normal.
First, this does not come with a light bulb. The site tells you this, but it doesn't tell you that the light bulb is not a common size/wattage, which makes it very hard to find. You'll soon be running all over town trying to get one. If this review doesn't dissuade you from the whole purchase, be sure to order one along with the crayon maker.Next, the crayons you make aren't full size.  I don't know why this bothered us so much, but it did. It's not like you're actually making yourself a box of new crayons; they are smaller. It feels like a ripoff somehow.Others have commented on the long waiting time. Plan on at least half an hour for your kids to say "are they ready yet" every 10 seconds. You can't make another batch in the meantime; you just have to wait.It's extremely doubtful that your kids will want to do this on a regular basis. That means you have to store this "toy" somewhere.If you search the web for phrases such as broken crayon crafts and gifts, you will discover that you can actually melt crayons in the oven or microwave. If you pour them into candy molds (think dollar store item), then voila, you have your own miniature crayons---in fun shapes, too.  That's definitely the way we'll be going from here.
My five-year-old was so excited to try this toy out he could barely wait for it to be dark enough to use. In fact, he couldn't wait, and we ended up taking it into a darkened room. Five minutes later he was bored, the toy discarded and I'm doubtful he'll ever pick it up again. And, frankly, I can't blame him.Basically this is a poorly designed slide projector with a few built in photos of fireworks that can be (barely) projected onto a wall or ceiling and each time you push the button to change the slide there is a dull, popping sound that, frankly, aren't half as good as the explosion noises my son makes himself when blowing things up during imaginary play.It feels incredibly cheap and I can't imagine even it's current lame "function" will last very long. Honestly, the batteries it takes to work are more valuable, and interesting, than the toy itself. (It's one of those that you look at and just know it's going to break in about 15 minutes.)All told, this toy resulted in basically two minutes of "enjoyment" looking at the fireworks, and another three minutes aiming it like a machine gun ... And that's about it in terms of entertainment value for any age. (In fact, I doubt an older child would have stayed interested even that long.)We have some other "Uncle Milton" items and they aren't all bad. (We love theUncle Milton Moon In My Room) But this "fireworks light show" is a huge miss.
This is essentially Trivial Pursuit layered with lots of confusing rules, and provided with a large quantity of questions that are, for the most part, obvious, boring, and/or insulting.Bottom Line: Playing this game is like putting Armor-all on your motorcycle seat.  Why? Because if you do it once you'll regret it and you will certainly never do it again. (It makes the seat very slippery. :) )
I got this from a friend of mine.  We love board games, and this one sounded interesting.  We ended up hating it and throwing it out.  It's so dumb - the rules, the gameplay, it's just not engaging or fun at all.  We just got fed up after trying to play it a few times and ended up reading the cards/trivia to each other.  This got thrown out.  Actually, it got recycled: I gave the board and pieces to my niece, and we made up our own new (better) game by covering the board in white paper and re-drawing our own cool game board.  That was the most fun part of the game!
Having put together two other Ravensburger Puzzle Balls (Times Square 270 Piece Puzzle Ball and Underwater World 40 Piece Puzzle Ball) with my 4.5 year old son, I thought this 180 piece Puzzle Ball would be a quick and easy build.  Unfortunately, it was not so.My son and I started assembling the puzzle ball using the same method we used to assemble two previous puzzle balls - I was sorting pieces and he was putting the puzzle together.  However, the puzzle kept falling apart and we had to switch.  My son sorted and laid out all pieces in front of me well ahead of me getting to them.  The area that includes pieces 69 through 75 was especially frutrating as those pieces just would not stay together.While some pieces won't stay together, others were difficult to attach.  During the build, the ball would fall apart at a lightest application of force when attaching stubborn pieces.  I spent well in excess of 15 minutes attaching the last piece.  As I was applying the pressure to attach the last piece, surrounding or other random pieces kept falling out.  The frustration level was so high that I was ready to smack the ball against the floor.The included assembly stand helped to hold the puzzle for the assembly of the last few rows, but it was absolutely useless in the beginning because pieces kept falling off and I had to hold the ball in the palm of my hand to keep it from falling apart. A child with small hands would not have been able to hold this puzzle like I did.  An hour later I was finally done, and, by that time, my son had lost all interest long before.The final product looks like a small globe.  It is colorful and spins easily.  Unfortunately the fun was drained from this toy by unnecessarily difficult assembly.  I like challenging puzzles, but this one is annoyingly frustrating due to poor design or manufacturing quality.  It seems like a few other reviewers had a similar experience.  I do not recommend this toy to anyone.  It is not challenging as a puzzle because pieces are numbered. It is nothing else but a small globe when assembled.  The assembly is frustrating.
I've had no better luck than the majority of the other reviewers.  I've been doing RC for decades, since the 80's.  I have many cars, planes, even a few helicopters.  And this thing just showed that nothing really matters if a product is poorly done.  Flimsy, poor design, just a complete waste of time and effort.  I don't know that much more can be said about it...  If there were a way to give zero stars, I would.
Like many other reviewers, I had no success with this item.  I tried holding it and tossing it many different ways.  But really, this product, like any other, should be rather intuitive to operate. You shouldn't have to work to find a secret technique.  But I tried to find a way to get it to work anyway.I suspect that this plane just doesn't produce enough thrust.  The propellers are tiny compared to other planes of this size, even if there are two.I had really great flights with a different plane, rubber band powered:White Wings AG Trainer Rubber Band Powered PlaneThis battery powered, remote control model should have had longer flights than a rubber band plane (you'd think, huh?).  But I never had a flight as long as the ol' rubber band powered plane listed above.  Its a pity.  Every flight it just glided down into the ground.I also do not like the 3 position off/charge/on switch.  I thought this was poorly labelled and it was easy to knock it into another position by accident.  But since the plane doesn't fly, that hardly seems to matter.I really think this product doesn't work, so you'll have to excuse me if I don't tell you all of the other things I don't like about it.  Since it doesn't fly, there doesn't seem to be much point in continuing this review...
I was excited about the opportunity to review this radio-controlled airplane.  It looked cool and appeared to be easy to fly.  I was optimistic after my first charge.  The engines buzzed with a nice, high pitch, and the plane seemed to want to leap from my hands.  Things went downhill, literally, from there.I tried flying this plane on a day with a moderate breeze.  The plane loved to head to the ground.  I threw into the wind and it would fly a short distance and head for the ground.  After breaking a propeller and a small piece of the wing, it was time to quit for a while.  I glued the piece back on and waited for a calmer day.The second time I took this plane out, there was virtually no wind.  There was an occasional slight breeze, perhaps 1-3 miles per hour.  Once again, I tried launching into the wind, which quickly became launch into the ground.  I tried launching at a high angle at full power, which became launch into the ground at full power.  Sadly, during my attempts at getting this foam plane airborne, the upper wing broke.  I am going to try to glue the upper wing together and give a shot at flying when there is NO breeze, which is difficult in Indiana.  The wind blows most of the time.It is time to back up just a little.  This box says that you should read the instructions.  That would be fine, except there are no instructions in the box.  Fortunately, I have experience with RC airplanes and this one charged like my other planes.  The only principal difference was that the plane steers by "thrust vectoring," which is a fancy way of saying that turning is accomplished by changing the engine speeds of the twin engines.There is a separate control for adjusting speed balance of the two engines.  I did this by holding the plane directly in front of me and listening to the pitch of the two engines.  To my surprise, the pitch was uniform when the knob was near center.  Therefore, the issues with flying I noted earlier should have had nothing to do with control settings.While it would have been nice to have instructions, I am unable to figure out what they would have told me that I did not already know.  Fly in an open area.  Fly when the wind is low.  Adjust the trim knob for straight flight.  My plane still plowed into the ground, and broke.I have reviewed many products on Amazon.  It seems like the vast majority of products, even those I have rated one star, have some sort of redeeming value that might appeal to someone.  In the case of this RC plane, which the box suggests is for ages 14 and up, I am unable to think of any reason to buy.  The box comes without instructions and the plane does not fly, even in low wind.  The plane looks good, but does not fly.  What sort of recommendation can I provide?Would you like to annoy a 14-year-old?  Buy this plane for that person.  I guarantee frustration and disappoint nearly immediately.Incidentally, if I am able to glue the wing back together, and this plane still does not fly, I am taking my new batteries out and trashing the whole mess.  Maybe I should send it back to Estes and they can figure out what they did wrong.Good luck!
Summary: Estes recommends 14 and older - I'd say you'd have to be a pretty patient 14 year old to learn how to fly this, particularly without instructions.  It's a reasonably stable design which can be eventually flown with some level of control once you know what you're doing.Update: After several attempts at getting a replacement propellor, I have come to the conclusion that their customer service is not willing or able to assist.  That's too bad.  Between about 6-7 flying sessions and a total of maybe an hour of flight time, I now have a really cool paperweight!It's a good looking plane.  Black and red.  Unusual dual wing design.  Any kid who gets one is going to WET themselves with excitement. The actual practice is something different.The first sign of trouble was the bold lettering "READ AND FOLLOW THE INSTRUCTIONS BEFORE ATTEMPTING TO FLY."  Where are the instructions.  Bummer.  Went to their web site. Found a document which appears to be the manual but it sends you back to the main page, which seems to indicate that their web pate is borked.Having flown some similar RC helicopters and cars I pretty much knew the drill.  You have to have the plane set to off in order to charge.  Once charged the light goes and then you turn the plane and the radio on and you are good to go.How large a field do you need?  I'd suggest nothing smaller than a softball field.  I tried this in my backyard and immediately whacked into some trees at the end of the lot.  A few whacks later I broke one of the propellers.  Fortunately two spares were included- except that THE PROPS ARE HANDED - THAT MEANS YOU HAVE ONE SPARE FOR EACH SIDE.  WHEN REPLACING MAKE SURE YOU HAVE THE CORRECT ONE.  Fixed the prop (easy to do by carefully pulling it off then pushing the new one on.)I went to the nearest softball field.  Let me start by saying this is my first experience with this type of airplane, though I very unsuccessfully flew 2 a 2 meter sailplane about 20 years ago.  It took me about half an hour to get it to fly with some level of control, but since your turn and elevator are not independent you really have a problem at each turn.Don't let the fact that it is foam discourage you - it's pretty tough foam and despite the large number of crashes I have had, no major damage to the wings or body and it still flies. UPDATE - The body broke in half.  I was able to put it back together with a little Gorilla Glue and packing tape.  It still flies but the balance seems off, making it even harder than before to fly.  I take some of the blame since I was flying it in a stiff breeze - this meant the ground speed when it hit was quite a bit higher than it would have been if I had been flying it under calmer conditions.Tips on flying:1) Facing the wind, hold the plane up above your head, set to full throttle then let go.2) Don't try to turn too much - turn the stick to one side for only a second each time then tilt the stick in the opposite direction to flatten out the plane's attitude otherwise it will dive.3) When flying flat, don't go full throttle - let the plane flatten out so it's not climbing.  This is more stable as otherwise it will want to fall off to either side.4) If the plane starts to act up, check the batteries in the transmitter.  When charging the plane or flying, the LED's should be nice and bright.  If found that when the light should be bright red.5) Let the plane rest now and then - if you charge / fly / charge / fly one time after another it's not good for the battery.  My Air Hogs helicopter - which DID come with instructions - told me this.6) If you really have a hard time with it wanting to turn one way or another, you can trim the "lean" by adding some weight to the wingtip.  Note that you want to do this at the leading edge, closer to the fore/aft center of gravity.In looking at the competition, the Air Hogs RC planes are similar control (twin prop varying thrust with no separate rudder or stabilizer control) but all quite a bit more cost.  If Estes had included the instructions I think I would have rated it with 3 stars.If you have any questions or comments, or if you found this review helpful, please let me know!
I got this toy last week and have been trying it out with my daughter. She thinks it's okay, but it's not anything overly exciting to her. And I'm not really impressed much with it either. It lights up the flame at the top fine, but what bugs me is the noise. The flame is made of cloth and there is a fan inside that blows to make the cloth flame dance and move around to look like a real flame. It is a neat effect, but the noise is kind of aggravating. It's kind of a buzzing motor sound, not as quiet or soft as a regular fan's sound. It's too bad because this could have been a fun night light to use if your kids had a sleep over or wanted to leave it on all night, pretending to sleep around a camp fire. But the noise will not make you want to do that. It would have been better if they made a plastic flame and it just lit up, and not bothered with a fan or motor at all.
I chose this toy, based on the fact that I love novelty lamps AND campfires. I wasn't going to use this as a toy, because I am a grown woman.Campfires, and I have been around many, crackle and spit and make hardly any noise unless they are built very big and then they can get all roaring.This Campfire, once turned on, sounds like a vacuum cleaner, or an Old AC unit cranking up. Its the fan inside to make the cloth "flame" dance around, its really really loud and if I was a kid and wanted to pretend play like I was camping, I would be really upset that my campfire drowned out the campsite and made it seem like an industrial complex instead of a forest.did not like.
Like another reviewer, I had hoped maybe this toy could double as a nightlight. How lovely it would be to let your kids pretend they are sleeping in their "campsite," right? That idea flew right out the window as soon as I picked up the package and pushed the "try me" button. WHIRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRZZZZZZZ. The fan used to make the "flames" "flicker" is INCREDIBLY LOUD. It sounds like a large paper shredder. Or a kitchen disposal. Or a dust buster. Considering my kids hate all of those sounds, I decided I wouldn't even give it to them, as it would only cause annoyance and angst all around. It's not interesting enough to give to them without the batteries, either, as the modeling is shoddy and it only roughly looks like a log. It could just as easily pass for grizzly scat with some crumpled orange paper sticking out the top. Ugly, loud, not that fun...fail.
Kids love to play camping- both indoors and out, so I thought this was a cute idea for something different to do for them with our- almost every day is raining- weather we have been having here in Ohio. The children have always put 2 chairs apart and thrown a blanket over them for an instant tent with our lantern inside for some imaginative indoor camping fun. I thought this would add to their indoor fun- bringing camping inside- since it's wet outdoors here about 9 months out of the year now.The log looks cute. It has a cloth flame that moves from a fan inside, to look like a flickering fire. It has a light inside that makes a slight glowing on the top of the log. It runs on 4 AA batteries. Once we turned it on, the light is very dull and the fan that blows the cloth flame is too loud in an annoying way- like when we use our hedgeclippers outdoors. It's a sound that of course isn't as loud as hedgeclippers- but it is loud- way too loud for indoors.I can't imagine why they didn't use a quiet fan- like the mini ones they make for just blowing air on your face in the summer. It makes no sense to use such a rackety one that ruins the calm of a fire. As for the light, they need a light that glows brighter, so the kids can see in the dark- like by a real fire. A quiet fan and brighter light that the kids can make hand shadows by, would have made this cute idea a hit, but as it is- the noisiness is just too much for indoor play which makes it useless.
I love camping and thought I'd enjoy playing with this as much as a kid would. What a disappointment to find that this replica didn't light my fire (so to speak) in so many ways:(1) IT'S SO LOUD. The whirring noise, like a food processor or a blender, is about as far away from Nature as Paris Hilton.(2) "FLAME" GETS WRINKLED AND LIMP WHEN NOT IN USE. When it's not on, the orange-colored cloth lies flat as a pancake on top of the log. It also gets wrinkled easily, so when you've started it a few times, the "flame" sometimes gets depressed and won't lift up its head. You have to tug a corner of the "flame" to get it to stand up straight!(3) "FLAME" LASTS ONLY ABOUT 10 SECONDS. Every 10 seconds or so, you have to keep pressing the button to keep the "fire" going. Annoying. If it runs on batteries, why not have an on/off button instead? Kids can't get a sense of pretend play going if they have to keep pressing the thing every 10 seconds.(4) "FLAME" IS COOL, NOT WARM. If this toy is supposed to be educational, why does the flame emit a cool puff of air, like a fan? Not only does the toy sound like a fan, it feels like one too. A young child could get the wrong idea of what a real fire feels like and put his/her on a real log expecting the same cooling breeze.Other than as a doorstop or as an obstacle for training your dog, I don't really see a use for this. I predict kids would get bored with this within 30 minutes. I know I did!
Great quality game and packaging.  BUT, 11 pages of complicated instructions, hundreds of similarly colored little pieces.  Sound exciting?  The storage container that came with the game did not have enough indentations to keep the different colored/shaped pieces separated so we still had to pile them on the table.  After following 4 pages of complicated instructions, it was so frustrating that we just gave up. The set up and the learning curve are just too steep for 30 minutes of potential fun. My mother-in-law may give it another try but I have pretty much written it off. Chess may be far easier than this game!
This explorer's pack has poor quality, is made of plastic but not durable, I like the explorer bag but don't worth the price.
It took me about 15 minutes to put this thing together and about 30 seconds for my son to take it back apart. The toy is so flimsy it wont even stand up on a carpet surface. The truck launches off the racing pad when they push the button and there are sound effects, a neat idea, but pointless if the toy is this cheaply made. The toy is large and falls apart with minimal use. Also, why isn't their a third track? It makes no sense to have space for three tracks but to only include two tracks and one truck. A waste of money.
If you like tops and you like battles then you would think that it should follow that you'll like this top. Unfortunately, things that look good on paper don't always translate to real life. The concept of the hammer is that it has two small hammers that are hidden and activate upon contact. The only downside is that if your hammer misses its target, your top is going to come to a screeching halt and you will lose. In my experience, this happened with much greater frequency than I, or most other reviewers, would like. I'm no engineer, but there has to be a better way to execute the hidden hammer attack without killing yourself in battle.
My youngest son likes Thomas so I thought he and my oldest son would enjoy playing with it together. All I can say is that it is just a heap of sub-par plastic pieces that don't want to stay together. It's horrid! On the box there is a claim that the train track can be "folded up" for convenience. Nope. YOu can fold it alright, but I fail to see how it is made any more convenient.The "rock slab" effect is ridiculous and sometimes falls off its ledge before the saw can reach it. There are also small magnets on the train and car  that could come off. I don't need to tell anyone what a debacle that could be if a kid put it in his mouth and accidentally swallowed it. I ended up shelving this thing the same day I put it together. The track pieces do not even "snap" together...they just kind of loosely fit inside one another. That is great until the thing, which is lighter than air, gets bumped and the whole operation is "derailed."Don't remember the last time I was this disappointed in a toy. Flimsy and not durable in the slightest figment of anyone's imagination...and for $40??? No thanks.
ok this doesn't really swim but just kind of bob up and down awkwardly. we tried all sorts of batteries and it still always operated like the batteries were almost dead...doll would hardly move at all. my daughter just played with it like a barbie doll...and was very disappointed there was no magic about it
I got this toy for my son to play with. It looks so great, sort of like an etch-a-sketch, with yellow carving tools. I've since decided not to give it to him since I realized included are just 5 "Art Light Catcher" sheets to use. Seriously, Melissa and Doug, at least include 20 sheets. Five is an insult to the consumer!User also needs 3AA batteries which aren't included.I see this "Scratch Art Portable Light Box" as being used quickly, thrown into a closet or drawer for years, being pulled out in 2016 with battery acid having leaked from the batteries rendering this toy useless. I wish toy manufacturers were more conscientious of creating long-lasting toys. This Art Box could have been long lasting if you didn't need special paper and a cash supply to continue buying said paper. Replacement paper currently sells for $5 for 4. $1.25 a sheet? PLEASE!Melissa and Doug seem to have followed the dark path of Crayola in terms of Giant Mediocre Plastic Toys That Clutter Closets Then Sit Forever In Landfills with this product.
Crap!We received this today and I thought for sure my little toddler, who adores Cinderella and all things Disney Princess, would really love this thing.Here's why it didn't measure up to expectations.Cheap. - It's super flimsy!  The strings and stitching on the "pumpkin cover" as really poorly made.  Nothing stays together, and instead of bringing my child joy, just frustrates her when she is unable to tug it along.Wheels on Springs - The toy is supposed to be able to switch from pumpkin to carriage on the fly.  The wheels don't stay up very well and instead collapse with very little pressure.Horse? - Wow.  The horse barely even stands up on its own.  The tethers for pulling the carriage don't stay on the horse's saddle.Where's Cinderella? - The whole setup doesn't even include the princess or any characters?  Just a cardboard cutout.  And they're charging over $40 for this?Honestly there was nothing redeeming about this toy whatsoever and do not recommend it to any children.
I rarely completely dis a product but I can not see any redeeming value in this.  I compared the product I received to the product description (several times).  Yes the product I'm reviewing is what is described on this page.  This "game" and game pieces are just awful.The "decoder" might work better for younger eyes but my 40+ years can not read the decoder cards (even with good light and readers).  The game pieces are cheap plastic and I would have done better at the dollar store.  There are much better games out there for counting and identification skills and much better games / toys for those girls like my granddaughter who love anything princess.The Tiaras and "Jewels" will end up in the dress up box but this is not a game that will have any lasting value.
I thought this would be a great game for the kids. But for me I could not even get the hammock to stay up. Everytime we started to play, everything would fall off. We never put more then four items in the hammock before the game is over. If your child hits the table or get excited the game would tumble to the floor.
Okay.  Who does not want to have the power of the FORCE?  Pretty much any fan of Star Wars most likely.  Especially my 6 year old son!  Well, no force can be felt with this toy.  The magnet is super poor.  You have to almost be on top of the toys to see any movement at all.  Glove is cool.  My son wears that a lot if he wants to be Anakin.  But overall.  This is not worth your time or money.
My girls (ages 3 and 5) are big fans of Team Umizoomi.  It is a great show and very educational.  We were very excited to get UmiCar for the little one and purchased it during the Black Friday time frame from Toys R Us for $30-$40.  I am personally very disappointed with this product.In my opinion, this product doesn't work very well.  It barely follows you.  You have to hold down the button for it to start moving towards you.  If there is anything between you and the car, it has a lot of trouble getting around it.  This is the type of toddler remote controlled car that only has two buttons.  A forward button and a reverse/turn combined button.  That means when you want to turn, you push the reverse button and the car reverses and turns at the same time, and in only one direction.  So if you want to make a left turn, you basically have to hold down reverse and it keeps turning right until it makes a 3/4 circle and it is facing left.  This is typical of toddler remote control cars, but those usually cost $10 at JCPenny.  Now imagine the car trying to do that automatically.  The car is moving towards you and it runs into an obstacle.  Now it starts reverse turning to try to get around it instead of just turning.  This leads to more obstacles and easily getting stuck.  Is is so frustrating to see this thing try to get around something simple by doing donuts all over your floor.  It also does not work well on carpet.  Basically, the only way it drives to you automatically is if you are standing right in front of it on a hard surface floor and it has a primarily straight line between you and the car.  Without the automated driving, all you have is a $10 toddler remote control car in a cute UmiCar $40 body.The only positive about this item is that this UmiCar is cute and the girls love pushing it around.  This is really the only reason that it hasn't been returned.Overall, the poor performance does not justify the high price of this car in my opinion.
This toy, Thomas & Friends: Preschool Steam n Speed was an absolutely delightful treat!  EVERYONE IN THE FAMILY LOVED IT.Then it broke, five minutes later. I have never witnessed such all-around disappointment!All the adults tried to fix it, and we are NOT a stupid family. Nothing we tried worked however.I would have to retitle this toy: "The little engine that couldn't"!We were very sad about this as we all love Thomas the Train.Unless some improvements are made, or we got the lemon of all lemons in a unique circumstance, I advise readers to stay away from this particular toy.Best Wishes, jean
Gave this train to my 3-year-old daughter for Christmas, and I have rarely been more disappointed in my life. The train looks really cool and fun on the box - it is anything but.Pros:- Looks cool once it's set up.- The part of the track where Thomas drops down is fun.Cons:- Setup. Plan on HOURS to get this thing up and running. I handed this off to my mother (grandma) to build for my daughter, and it took her THREE HOURS to finish it. And it's not a matter of her lacking technical prowess; she's a woman who works on her own car, so putting together a train and tracks should not have been this hard.- Directions. The paper directions for this set are pathetic. Hardly any description of which pieces go into which slots; the directions are little more than vague pictures with unhelpful arrows.- Underpowered. Once you get this train set built, you pop in one AA battery into little Thomas, and he operates more like the "I Think I Can't" train than the Thomas from the books and cartoons. He doesn't have enough power to make it up the hill! About half the time he'll stall out on that tall hill. When he does, he just sits in one spot and clickety-clacks until someone gives him a tap from behind to get him moving again.- Tracks don't match up. Even when Thomas makes it to the top of the hill and back down, he gets stuck on the flatlands if those tracks don't match up perfectly. And they do NOT match up perfectly.- Derails. And if you can get Thomas to make it up the hill, make it back down the hill, and make it around the flatlands, he'll probably just derail anyway.- Zipline. Dropping the boulder into the bucket and using the zipline to run the boulder to the bottom of the hill is a cool idea - except it doesn't work either. You can fuss with the bucket, but it will usually slide down the zipline on its own before Thomas even makes it up there to drop off the boulder. On the off chance you can wedge in that bucket so it stays at the top, the weight of the boulder will not be enough to un-wedge it, requiring you to tap the bucket and send it all down below.- Crane. There's a line-item on the box that talks about the cool crane in the middle of the mountain. Yeah, he's there, but he does ABSOLUTELY NOTHING. The crane goes up half an inch...then down half an inch. It doesn't even swing side to side. What is the purpose of the crane???After three hours constructing this thing and a half-hour of my daughter playing with it - even though she LOVES trains and planes - we spent another hour deconstructed the whole mountain thing and making it a flat track. Yeah, Thomas still derails once in a while, and the set is missing the coolest feature (dropping Thomas off the mountain and back onto the track), but at least this way the whole thing actually works most of the time.My advice: Skip this piece of junk and invest the money in a real train set from Lionel. I got one for Christmas when I was a kid, and it still works 30 years later. This thing, however, is headed for the trash heap at the earliest opportunity.
The part my kids like most about this toy is that it makes noise when you push on the handle to charge up the cars.  After that you hit a button and the cars shoot down the ramps... and that's about it.  They don't race,they just spin in circles.  Most of the time they fall over so they aren't on the wheels anymore and the car's aren't even much fun separated from the launcher.  My kids spent maybe an hour with it and it hasn't been touched since and they can't be encouraged to play with it at all.  Not worth the money...
The product description states "The wristband, in particular, is not always responsive to commands, even at extremely close range. Arnie's ability to walk is also somewhat underwhelming, as he generally only proceeds forward about a foot at a slow, clunky pace. Parents may also be annoyed that the figure occasionally comes to life with sounds, even when not actively being played with. Despite these deficiencies, Arnie Argentinosaurus is still an enjoyable toy for young children, especially fans of Dinosaur Train or those merely enthralled with dinosaurs."That's putting it gently. This toy is utterly useless. The wristband is pointless, as your child has no control over what the dinosaur does. At all. They push a button and he does something - either walk, talk, etc. - but it's random and that's only when it actually works. The dinosaur didn't "walk" so much as shuffle it's feet in place, no matter whether on a hardwood floor or carpet.The box also claims "features over 80 dinosaur sounds and phrases" and it does - in theory. It says a couple of things. It'll say more if you have it play with other dinosaurs you purchase. It DOES NOT say 80+ things unless you invest in other dinosaurs.Within 2 days the wristband stopped working. In a bit over a week, the dinosaur itself stopped doing anything. Despite battery changes. Just stopped working. My children are 4 and 5, so it wasn't a case of this being a toy designed for gentler use than it was subjected it. It's made for 3 and up. It was a case of a toy just being a huge disappointment. It sat on the floor useless and not played with for about a month and then finally I threw it away. I was sick of the kids whining that they wanted to play with it and then being upset that it didn't do anything.Save your money (the sticker price on this thing is ridiculous anyway) and get something else.
I bought this for my granddaughter because I want to encourage her imagination and role-playing is just one of many wonderful ways a child can develop new ideas and ask new questions.  I received the very large box, opened it, and was immediately delighted with all the little extras.  The doll itself is adorable and I just knew that all the interactive qualities would make this doll more engaging than a simple dress and undress doll.However, I see on the package examples of what I hope the doll doesn't actually say because there is one phrase that is grammatically correct.  The thought of my granddaughter hearing "My legs are working pretty good" repeatedly is enough to make me want to discourage my son and daughter-in-law from putting working batteries in this fiasco of a gift.This is why I am going to come back and edit this review.  If I find the doll does not say this ridiculous phrase, I'll be thrilled and give this toy at least one more star, if not two.  However, if the toy not only says this phrase, which should be an insult to the intelligence of any literate parent/grandparent out there, but says still other supposedly cute, grammatically incorrect phrases, then this toy will get one star and absolutely NONE for the educational value.Research shows that unlearning something that has been incorrectly learned is harder than learning to do it correctly the first time.  The last thing any child needs is to hear grammatical errors over and over again.*Update*My granddaughter was excited when she opened it but she soon found it difficult to use.  The doctor case is poorly designed.  It took several adults more than one try to finally figure out that if you press down, align the two sides together perfectly, you can indeed shut it so that it stays closed.How many children have the necessary patience and skills, let alone the hand size, to do this?She also had a hard time using the tongue depressor and thermometer to stop the doll from repeating the same phrase.  These have to be inserted in the dolls mouth and pressed against the tongue at a specific angle to be effective.  She quickly lost patience with that and requested the assistance of an adult.After jumping through the various demands of the doll's needs--take a temperature, give her a shot, etc--she finally feels better and is quiet.  This doesn't last even a minute before the doll is once again complaining.So if you want to teach your child poor grammar skills (yes, the doll says that grammatically incorrect phrase that's on the box) and complain endlessly and redundantly, then this is a great toy.A plain doll plus a doctor kit would do the same this doll does without the frustration for both child and adult.
This toy is completely silly and has no quality of fun to it.  I actually think the characters look cool.  I have them on display.  Other than that... my six year old said "stupid" (we did correct him on that word... say you don't like it!)  My 11 year old daughter just looked at it and asked what am I supposed to do?  When she tried... a roll of the eyes and she walked away.  Boxed up and put in the basement.  Any other questions?  Don't waste your time or money!  Go and buy the app if you want loads of fun!
I was really excited to get this set.  I thought it would be similar go the micro-mini sets that were available when my oldest son was young. I wanted my younger boys to experience the same fun.The set was a disappointment. The pieces did not fit well together and if you are going to travel with the set FORGET IT! The material was cheap. The stickers peeled quickly.When it came time to play with the set, it wasn't fun at all. It kept the attention if my 7 & 5 year-olds for thirty minutes tops.Although the sounds were a nice addition, even noise didn't hold the boys attention for long.I would not recommend this toy.  If I could give it zero stars...I would.
My son plays 2 hours and then the toy was left on the corner and never want to play again whit this boring toy, the cars are too small, the graphics are well made the sounds are fine but not working all the time.You have to assemble all the buildings and they don't stay in place, also you have to put a lot of stickers. I don't like this toy and my son either.
There're several reasons why I rate this one star only.  Foremost, however, is that this thing made me drop my iPod touch.  With an iPod touch or iPhone, you're to put it in a plastic insert plate, and then put the plate with the iOS device into the slot on the wheel. But neither the insert plate nor the back bracket of the wheel holds your iOS device in place. I didn't know this so as I was fumbling with the difficult setup process, I accidentally dropped my iPod touch when I turned the wheel over to lock the back bracket. The enclosed instructions are very poorly written, too. Luckily, I was standing on my rug so it seems my iPod touch is ok.  We'll have to see.There are only 4 game apps that're compatible with this wheel -- and you can *ONLY* use those apps. One is free but is of the most basic and laughable quality in gameplay and graphics; it gets just 2 stars from its users. Another game costs 99 cents, while the remaining two cost $4.99 apiece (and have no reviews).  I just played with the free game and like I said, it's so laughably simple and crude it's not even funny.The back bracket, which locks in place to secure the iOS device (if you haven't dropped it yet), is also rather poorly made.  I had some trouble closing it completely so I could lock it.  I really did NOT have a good time using this product.
AppFinity - AppDriveFirst BE AWARE this is not a game in and of itself.  This is merely a holder for your iPhone or select Android phones.  It does not do anything by itself.  The box claims there is a free app at the Apple store of Android store.  Since I don't have an iPhone I have no idea if there is an app at the Apple store.  I did not find any free app at the Google Android Store.  There was one called 2XL MX Offroad that once loaded immediately brought up a screen requesting a $4.99 payment.  Oddly enough I don't find that FREE.  I uninstalled the app and put the AppDrive back in the box.  Admittedly $4.99 is very inexpensive for a computer game but not so much for a phone app.  This AppDrive retails for $38.00.  I guess if  you have money to burn you might want to try it and maybe iPhones have readily accessible apps but Android certainly does not.  On the bright side the steering wheel has a nice feel to it and the levers that push your phone screen seem well made. It appears to be very durable but without any apps I can't verify that.  I don't feel that is enough to give it a positive recommendation.
The concept of this toy was great. The execution not so much. It's poorly built, cheap, confusing to control, annoying to play with, etc.All around, it's bad.
I really dislike this toy, for the following reasons:0. First of all, it's strange that this toy helicopter was designed to be flown *ONLY* indoors. It doesn't always respond smoothly to the remote control, which means you can easily over-push the remote which causes the copter to react violently. It can really be a danger to hanging lights and people (and pets), as its main motor blades rotate at high speeds.1. A lot of tape is used on the packaging, causing a frustrating unpacking experience.2. The instruction guide, on a sheet of paper, is written poorly. The B&W; photos are almost impossible to make out any details.3. The battery compartment is seriously mis-designed and/or mis-manufactured, as the batteries easy come off loose inside the compartment.  A crosshead screwdriver is required to access the compartment, which is annoying since you'll need to reset the battery positions frequently.4. The chopper itself looks and feels cheaply made. Mine also came some discoloration on the chopper body.5. The chopper's tail points downward, which seems weird and wrong. I'm not aware of any real copters that feature such a tail (but then, I'm not a walking encyclopedia of everything helicopter). My kids hate this look due to "cognitive dissonance," if you know what I mean.6. After a few recharges, the battery life gets quite short.  Also the instructuions caution you to let the battery cool down for 15 minutes after playing before recharging, or after recharging before playing, something difficult for the average grownup or teen to remember. Charging itself takes about 15 minutes.7. You can only fly this toy indoors, not outdoors, which makes it difficult to have fun due to the limited amount of clearing space in a typical residential house.8. The chopper often does not respond to R/C commands immediately, even when on a full charge. It can get frustrating to play.8a. Trimming is required to keep the toy copter from spinning. The problem is, you need to do this a lot. It often starts spinning on its own even though you haven't touched the trimming dial.9. The remote control via an iOS app is more of a gimmick than anything useful, as it's more difficult to fly the copter than with the real R/C.9a. It's Dec. 2012 and the remote control app is not available for Windows 8 or Windows Phone.10. It's just not a fun toy, period.  It doesn't do tricks and it's not really fun to watch it fly.  It's carry a payload.  We're going back to building real R/C airplanes.
I had a great time putting this together with my son. The track is very easy to assemble. The cars are very fun to play with on their own. However after several attempts to use the toy we were unable to even get one of the cars to complete a circuit. The cars kept shooting off the track. The booster (the gray part in the middle of the track) would send the cars through fine but they weren't able to complete the first loop at the top right. The track is poorly designed. Bottom line... it just doesn't work.
This Nano Super Vert Crash Set gets a big No as far as playability goes. The teensy 1 inch cars are cute, but totally useless on or off the track. You push the car back and forth until you hear the clicks, then release them, and off they go- pretty much no where. The problem is, as soon as you release the wound tires on the car, they run maybe 5 feet, maybe 15 feet if you are lucky, but they flip and turn really quick, ending the run in a second.The looped race track, which you put together quite easily with the directions, is totally useless. The cars only go a little way and then fly off. There is a battery operated (batteries not included) Mach Booster- 2 wheels spin to move the car forward, which is really of little use to a car that doesn't stay on the track. With cars that don't run without flipping in a second on a race track that they don't stay on, there isn't much point in this race set.My son said that the cars are really great macro designs, with major issues of flipping over. He said he would have designed a track with a clear plastic cover over the entire track- like a clear tunnel track, so the cars would stay inside and not flip off. He said he would have designed the track so you could race side by side or alone, as the included track is for only one car- no races, and racing 2 cars is the most fun. I hope X Concepts redesigns these race tracks so the cars stay on for the ride and make them so an actual race between 2 cars can go on, which is the best part of racing. With a better design, this Nano Set could have earned 5 Stars, instead of 1.
This "Slurpee Maker" seemed like a great idea and a fun update on the traditional "Snoopy Sno-Cone Machine" I had as a kid. I knew going in that, with no motorized parts and a very simple hand crank, I would not be getting an actual Slurpee-like drink. But it still seemed like a fun idea and something I could share with my daughter. But as many other reviewers have pointed out, this is a useless and embarassingly bad product.Overly complicated to assembly, and extremely difficult to use, it remains a challenge just to get through the most basic steps to produce a drink so unlike a Slurpee that the phrase "false advertising" cannot help but pop into one's mind. As I suspected, the end result is much closer to the "Snoopy Sno-Cone Machine" than an actual Slurpee, but even there -- and I followed all of the instructions -- it suffers by comparison. At least my Snoopy machine had a pleasant, distinct flavor. Here we are simply instructed to pour whatever we might have laying around the kitchen into a cup of crushed ice and enjoy. So, as someone else pointed out, you could just as easily save yourself the time and money and trouble and just crush up some ice, add some Coke Zero, and end up with the same result (or perhaps something even a bit better).  No possible way to recommend this to others.
For thirty bucks you'd expect something that at least work but not this thing. First of all it's very difficult to assemble. It came with too many pieces and not very clear instructions. When we did manage to get it set up it did not work correctly. Cranking for 5 minutes to get your drink (which you provide yourself) did not get the results that is shown on the package. Actually it came no where close.It does come with a small free slurpee from 7-11 which I used for my 7yr old since we wasted so much time trying to get this piece of trash to work. Save your money!!
The short story:  At the current Amazon.com price (around $29.99 on 9/26/2012), it is overall too much work for too little Slurpee goodness in the end.My two attempts at using this left me feeling like I had purchased a box of plastic pieces and a puddle of juice.My suggestion?  Pick up one or two "Slush Mugs".Slush Mugs Frozen Beverage Red Slushie Cups - SET of 2 - Slushee TreatsMuch less mess (though instead of ice and salt the mugs use a cup/canister that must be frozen before each use).  Not as fun or cute for Slurpee die-hards, but more economical and less fuss.The longer story/our experience:We are big Slurpee fans in our home, however we can no longer have the ones available at our local 7-11 stores as many of the flavors have coloring and flavoring ingredients that put them off limits with our dietary restrictions (we have G6PD deficiency and I have type 1 diabetes. So ingredients are very important.)We were excited to try the home Slurpee Maker with juice and I was happy that the canister did not require freezing.  What I wasn't expecting was somewhat of a puzzle of plastic parts that need to be washed, dried, assembled, then you make your slurpee and then the whole thing has to come apart for washing once again.  I guess having all of the parts separate from each other, and not permanently connected, allows for more thorough cleaning which is a plus when dealing with juices and sodas that will dry to a sticky goo.  Putting it together is not challenging, but my kid lost interest and wandered away while I was washing all of the pieces. I can't imagine many kids would be that keen on assembling this.I set it up, added the ice and salt (I used generic table salt) and then I poured in 12 ounces of very tasty Tart Cherry juice.  R.W. Knudsen Family Just Red Tart Cherry, 32-Ounce (Pack of 12)The instructions said to crank continuously for 5 minutes.  I cranked for a minute at a time and then paused and then resumed cranking.  It was easy to crank and the cherry juice quickly developed ice crystals and what seemed to be a slushy consistency.  I dispensed some into the included little cups and oops, some slush glunked out onto the counter.  I think the little cups are a too narrow for the dispenser opening.  The tab for the dispenser is a bit hard to engage and close, but I figured I'd give it another shot with the next cup and it definitely was a little easier to operate.  BUT I still managed to get slurpee on the counter.  I decided to use a silicone bowl and carefully tucked one side of it under the "chute" so the rest was under the opening to prevent further spilling.The result?  Delicious "Slurpees"  (very sweet with just juice, but tasty!)... 12oz gave us enough for what I would consider a sample size serving.  You might be wondering, "How on earth did 12oz of juice turn into maybe 4-6oz of Slurpee/slush?"  I found out the answer to that when I went to move the "machine" to the sink for disassembly.  It seems that in the process of cranking and dispensing, almost 1/2 of the juice I had poured in had found it's way out onto the counter.  It's not a big deal, the instructions tell you to do this in an area that can handle getting wet, but that much lost, and the sizable puddle of cherry juice did not make me happy.  I had diligently checked all of the levers and covers before adding any liquid, before adding ice!  So I basically wound up pouring 1/2 of the juice I used in the trash and went through a roll of paper towels to clean up the puddles and drips.
This was quite a disappointment.  The toy did not create a slurpee as advertised.  Instead, it took a lot of work just to get the machine to create one slurpee. Also, although it's a toy, it gives the impression that the main section of the mixer will flow the slurpee into a cup.  That is not the case; instead, the contents of the "blender" need to be poured out from the blender itself into a cup.  The best part was not the machine itself but the coupon for a free slurpee from 7-11.
I got this hoping to make some yummy Slurpees. I was quite disappointed. First of all, this maker does not come with any packets of Slurpee flavors. You would think that a Slurpee maker would come with cherry flavor (as you see on the front of the box) or any other flavor but no. The directions say that you can use most anything but whatever you use, it has to have a high sugar content.I found the maker harder to put together than what I thought it would be. And you have to take it apart to wash it every time. Which I guess makes sense but is still difficult when you have to put it back together to use for the next time. The end result of my "Slurpee" was just okay but I think I could have gotten the same result putting some ice in my blender and adding some juice or soda.You get a free small Slurpee in the box but for me it's useless because there currently are no 7-11's that are near to where I live. So overall, it was quite a disappointment and I expected more.
after reading the instructions, it requires alot of salt to make this thing work. We used it a couple times to test it, but it is going in the garbage. I will not allow my children to have all that added sodium. If we would just use ice and juice it would be so much better than having to add all that salt.
The concept here is a lot like the old-time ice cream makers, where you use an ice and salt mix to make a super-cooled container (colder than freezing temp), and that chills a liquid quickly enough to turn it into slush/ice cream.There is no blade or anything sharp here. You crush your own ice BEFORE you put it into the aluminum container.Add salt to the crushed ice to make it get a lot colder, and then close it up.Next step is to pour the sugary juice/pop/syrup/whatever into the space around the outside of the super cold container. They recommend this liquid already be as cold as you can get it before pouring it in!Turning the crank on top helps circulate the sugary liquid around the outside of the cold container, in theory, freezing the liquid into a slushy, sugary mix that then comes out the bottom, into the cup, when you pull the lever forward to allow it through.Problem 1: The lever is really difficult to push in or pull out.  Once you get it to budge a little to come out, the seal is broken with the canister and stuff begins coming out through every crevice possible.  That's where it gets sloppy!Problem 2: You are going to have to crank on it for more than 5 minutes (per instructions) to get your drink to freeze.OK, so now we know why we prefer the stuff we get at 7-11 or wherever, because their containers are REALLY cold, all the time thanks to electricity, and they have automatic cranks.Your results may vary.
but it wasn't. First, it is cheap flimsy plastic. A lot of ice ends up everywhere so there are puddles all around. It doesn't shave the ice, it freezes what ever you add to it to make a slushy icy drink. It is a pain. Donvier ice cream makers do this by freezing the canister and adding your liquid to it then stirring. A lot less mess,better made, and a great end product. I would recommend getting that or one of those slushy mugs instead of buying this slushie maker.
My title might sound a little harsh, but it's true.  This is one horrible product.  Let's start with setting it up.  It comes in a large amount of pieces, and had directions to set it up that go on and on and on---over 15 steps.  In the middle of the direction, suddenly you need crushed ice and salt, to fill a center chilling chamber.  I don't know about you, but I don't keep a lot of crushed ice around the house, and if I had some, I wouldn't need a slurpee maker---I'd just make a slurpee from the ice.  But okay---I am reviewing this, so I go crush some ice and get the 6 teaspoons total of salt to layer with the ice.  I then recheck and realize I will soon need a soda---the more sugary the better.  Sugary juice would work too.  I don't have either, so I go to the corner store and buy a Coke, thinking about a product aimed at kids is kind of oddly reminding me over and over in the directions that low sugar juice or soda won't work.  But no-one said Slurpees are a nutrition food, so I'm okay with that.  I finish the many steps, figure out after a bit of trial where they mean I am supposed to pour in the soda, pour it in, and start turning the crank, for the 5 minutes they say to.  From what I can see, I see---liquid soda.  I consult the directions and am told sometimes it takes longer---was I sure I put in the crushed ice and salt as called for?  Yes, I was.  Was the soda nice and cold?  Yes, it was.  So I keep turning, for 5 more minutes.  I'm starting to think no matter how good this slushee is, it's not worth the bother, especially as I read that once I have had my 12 oz. of slushee, I need to completely disassemble the whole thing to wash it.  So every time I want a small slushee, I need to wash the whole bit, get crushed ice and salt and turn the crank forever?  Okay, maybe it will be worth it once I have my treat.  Finally, after 10 minutes, I get the little cup provided and pull out the dispenser.  Well, the directions have warned it might be a little hard to pull, so I might give it more force than I need to.  What results is soda dispended all over the floor, as it's not a bit frozen and I have opened a large tap and it is not going in the cup.  I curse, glad I have tried this when the kids aren't home.  I clean the floor, and set aside the whole contraction, saving it to use for this review.  I'm about 99.9% sure that's the last use it will ever get.  I can't possibly guess why anyone would go to this bother to make a Slurpee in the first place, to say nothing of going to this bother to make a product that didn't work.  Don't buy this.  Or maybe buy it, if you enjoy huge messes and lots of useless work.  To each his or her own, I always say!
I don't even know where to start with this thing.What I can definitely tell you is that after my initial experience with it, I have no desire to put myself through it ever again. For all the preparing and assembly that this requires, you will literally get the same exact result if you put some ice in a zip lock bag, take a hammer to it and fill a cup up with your newly crushed ice and the beverage of your choice. In fact, you will most likely get better results if you do it that way.The Slurpee maker has quite a few pieces that make up the whole, something you really can't tell from the official photos. That's not such a bad thing, you think... until you realize that you're going to have to wash it all later. You may not be averse to washing dishes in general but after everything was said and done, I had absolutely no desire to wash this thing for reuse.It takes way longer than it should to put it together, so hopefully you have patient kids. That's just one thing that will start to annoy you, but not as much as the fact that you'll have to crank this thing for a full five minutes as per the directions once you're ready to go. By the third minute, I wasn't even curious to see what the results would be and was sorely tempted to smash this thing against the wall if it weren't for the mere idea of having to clean up the mess afterward. The amount of watered down slush that resulted from my five minutes of vigorous cranking was equal to a couple of Dixie cups worth of liquid and while it was cold, it was in no way comparable to the fine icy slush that a Slurpee essentially is. Not only that but as a final insult, the machine leaked all over the place as I opened the dispenser to pour the liquid out.Cheap, sloppy build aside, the most damning aspect of this product is the simple fact that there is absolutely nothing about the process involved that is fun in any way. It'd be one thing if you could at least enjoy this with your kids, the intended target of this, because then you could give it high marks based on the experience you get from it. This is a complete waste of time, money and ice, even if you get your ice wholesale. From its flimsy construction to the truly disappointing results you get for your time and hard work, this thing fails on just about every level imaginable.This so called Slurpee maker is an unbridled piece of crap. And for the record, the Snoopy Sno-Cone Machine got it right DECADES ago.
My two daughters have grown up on LeapFrog products. From toys to DVDs, every LeapFrog product they've gotten seems to be a hit with them. They also enjoy musical instruments that allow them to create their own music, such as their keyboards, so when we came across the LeapFrog Guitar, my wife and I thought it would be an easy hit with them.Upon opening the box, my wife and I were immediately disappointed with what we saw. This was primarily due to the fact that we obviously misunderstood the toy's description... with the large, well spaced cords on the guitar, we were under the impression that each cord could be played independently, like a keyboard, and thus creating your own music. Not so... the guitar is, instead, much like a sound machine with a variety of pre-recorded sounds. You select a song to be played and the music and vocals begin... running your hand across the cords simply causes the pre-recorded guitar part of the song to be played. You aren't actually 'playing' the guitar or 'creating' anything, like you can with a toy musical keyboard. Even the drum button simply plays a short pre-recorded section of drums... not like on my daughters' keyboards where the drum button is a single drum sound, allowing you to hit it in a variety of beats to create your own music. In addition, when the music is being played, it somewhat overpowers the subtle guitar part of the song, so it's difficult to distinguish exactly what the user is doing to 'add' to the song being played.In addition to the drum button, there are a few additional buttons that add sounds to the songs being played. One button plays an applause, and other plays a random 'silly' sound... these sounds include a 'boing', 'splat', and what sounds like a whoopee cushion... not exactly 'musical' notes. There is a 'slider' that provides two additional 'guitar sounds'. There is also a 'solo' button that simply cuts out the song so the guitar sound can be heard by itself, and an 'electric' button to change to guitar sound from an acoustic guitar to an electric guitar, however these buttons need to be held down the entire time if you want them to stay active. The only 'unique' part of the toy is the fact that it has 'touch operated' buttons rather then push-buttons, yet the buttons aren't very responsive... there is a very brief delay between pressing the buttons or running your hand over the cords. It doesn't start up nor stop instantly, so there is a bit of a disconnect between the toy and the user.When we gave the guitar to our 6 year old, she was very excited about it... at first. She played with it for about 20 minutes, then put it down. She claims she likes it, but describes is as 'not very annoying'. Not a very high praise in my opinion. She hasn't touched it since. After that, it was handed off to our younger daughter who finds it more fun when it's off.I also want to point out that I felt the description of this product was misleading... on the box itself is bubble that claims 'Create 100+ musical combinations'... adding a 'splat' sound in the middle of a pre-recorded song does NOT make a unique musical combination. There is absolutely nothing 'creative' about this toy. I don't see how layering a very limited collection of sounds over top each other is considered 'creative', let alone a learning experience. A far cry from all the other LeapFrog products we own. For the price, I think they could have gotten much more creative with designing this toy. In my opinion, this toy falls far short of the expectations we have from LeapFrog. I would not recommend it to anyone.
Reviewing a product that seems on the whole to be good but turns out defective is difficult.  Do I tell you how much fun the gun was to shoot?  For sure, it was a "blast".  Assembly couldn't be simpler.  Just unscrew a simple set screw to access the battery compartment where you put in 3 AA batteries.  The feed tube attaches with no tools required, just snapping into place on the gun itself.  Simply load up the foam balls and pump the gun to shoot.Each ball has a nice weight despite being foam and shoots a good distance.  My kids had fun firing it all over the house, and I didn't worry about them breaking anything.  Even my 4 year old could easily load the balls into the feed tube and shoot them.So why just 3 stars?  The switch to turn on the lights/sounds part of the gun is defective!  The firing mechanism is purely mechanical, so my kids had fun without it, but to get the gun to light up, I had to push the switch to the on position and hold it with my finger the whole time (with hard pressure pushing towards "on").  LED's inside the gun light it up and a cool futuristic space gun sound plays, but as soon as I removed pressure from the switch, it didn't work.  It just seems like it has a faulty part on it.  Given the cost of this relatively simply plastic toy gun, it is surprising that they have such poor quality control.So 3 stars for a toy that is fun in concept, enjoyable even without the batteries, but ultimately falls short for me because mine was defective.  I'd recommend you buy it from a store with a good return policy.***Update***I had to drop my review down to just 1 star!  Today the gun stopped shooting altogether... the mechanism inside doesn't seem to be properly loading the balls.  We never heard it break, but it just doesn't seem to work anymore.  Nobody dropped it and I see no signs of damage-the gun just doesn't shoot anymore.  It's really a shame because my kids had such a blast playing with it, but I sadly cannot recommend this as a durable toy based on our experience with it.
Let's travel back in time to Christmas 2011.  Santa gifts?  Yes.  Gifts from Mommy and Daddy?  Yes.Which ones do you think the entire line of KRE-O Transformers was?  Yes, you guessed it, they were from Mommy and Daddy, who thought that since Transformers and Lego bricks are the favorite toys in the house, these "kinda-like-Lego" building bricks that build Transformers would be a huge hit.  OK, when they were opened up, yes, very exciting.  When they were beginning to build them, still very exciting.Here's where things fell apart, literally.These bricks don't stay together.  They just are not Lego bricks, so don't expect them to act like Lego bricks. It is very frustrating to build something and have the bricks come apart, starting a kind of Domino-effect on the build because you're trying to hold sections of it together while you finish building the rest.  If you are overexcited about Christmas and the toys you've dreamed about all year are falling apart as you play with them, you can get quite upset.  And the kids were sad, too.  (bahdump-bum-bum.  Yes, here all week, tip your waitresses.)  Sorry, adding a little levity because it was a very sad day in our house when the "Stars of the Show," our KRE-O Transformers, brought everyone to anger, tears, disappointment, all of the above.That was, as I said, Christmas 2011.The toys could not be returned because in the excitement of opening them, ALL the boxes were opened in order to get together all of the mini-figures into a mini-figure army of sorts.  We put them in the basement, where our toys go "on vacation" (on rotation, or they move on to greener pasture with younger children to enjoy).Towards the end of summer, some of the bricks were brought back up, to include with some Lego bricks in a big build the family was working on.  But they still kinda fell apart when built.  Just not very sturdy.  Too loose.So at this point in the story, you're asking, well, then why on earth would you buy another KRE-O and why are you reviewing it?!?!  Well, heartache fades in time, especially when your all-time favorite, DEVASTATOR, shows up as a KRE-O build.  We thought for sure that all of the complaints to the company, like ours, would have led to some kind of change in the quality of the KRE-O bricks, and they would not have the problem of falling apart any longer.WRONG.If you want building bricks, just buy Lego.Just Lego.  Not Kre-O.  No matter how much you love Transformers, that will just add to the heartache).(I'm looking at you K'Nex, you were a sad disappointment, too!).We are looking into a family rate for tattoos:  Lego 4Life!  (sorry, levity helps lesson the impact of the small fortune spent on KRE-O only to have them sit in boxes in the basement, and almost ruin Christmas).Hope this helps someone.
My eight-year-old daughter is a big fan of Beyblade.  She already owns several of the tops, along with a red arena.  When we came across this toy at our local Target, she immediately latched onto it and wanted to blow all of the allowance money she'd saved up on it, but I managed to talk her out of the purchase.  Now that we've had the chance to use this product, I'm really glad that I did--and, amazingly, so is she.Assembly of this toy is pretty straight forward.  You put the two halves of the dome together, connect it to the black base, and slap the stickers on it.  A plastic disk is included, and the dome can be set on top of the disk so that the Beyblades don't fall through the bottom.  This is meant to help train the user on how to properly launch the toys.  My daughter felt it was pretty lame, and she was pretty much right.  Once the tops hit the bottom of the dome, they're more or less done.After several attempts, my daughter was able to correctly launch the tops.  They zoom around the dome, which is kind of interesting to look at, but she was pretty indifferent to it after a few launches.  My three-year-old was more entertained by it, so my daughter ended up launching them mostly for his benefit.A couple of days after it arrived, my daughter told me that I was right, the toy was cheap and she was glad she hadn't bought it, much to my amazement.  Unsurprisingly, she's attracted to all the advertising she sees on TV, and this was one of the first times she realized that what she saw and what she ultimately got aren't the same thing.  She told me that she likes the Beyblades, but that she didn't think the toy was worth it.And she's right.  The dome itself is made of flimsy, paper-thin plastic that I have no doubt would crack with very little abuse.  It's the kind of plastic that, if you put a fingertip to it and apply slight pressure, will bow in, if that gives you any idea of how poorly constructed it is.  I once had a hamster and a hamster ball, and the construction of that ball had a quality level of approximately 100 times the quality level of this toy.  Given this, I can see no possible way to account for the exorbitant price on it.  I think this is yet another example of cheap, commercial junk that is cranked out with no real regard to quality or long-term use.  After being played with maybe a half dozen times, it's already sitting on a shelf in my daughter's closet, collecting dust.
Upon opening the large box with many impressive graphics I was very underwhelmed by the actual toy inside.  The plastic dome is very flimsy.  No more stiff than your average water bottle or plastic packaging.  You have to apply the decals which don't exactly go on so smoothly (because it's a dome).  I think though after looking at what just the tops cost, I am seeing that probably you are paying more for the two tops that come with the set more than the actual battle dome itself.  HOWEVER, my son was not into collecting Beyblade before this and so I don't really care that the tops are expensive to buy separately.  I see that this dome is cheap and I feel a little put off and it puts me off to wanting to collect anything else "Beyblade" if they can't do quality stuff on a consistent basis.  This feels almost gimmicky to me.The assembly was pretty easy.  I was a little confused by the extra pieces when I was done, these I figured out were parts for the actual tops, two "tools" to take apart the tops so you can interchange parts, and two extra top pieces.The mastery of the tops probably takes time.  We were able to get them to spin but probably it takes practice to get them to spin really well.  They just kind of spun around the bottom of the ball before petering out.  My son is more enthusiastic about the whole process than I am.The tops themselves are heavy and seem to be of a much higher quality than the dome.  The dome by itself is worth no more than $5 to $10 in my opinion.This toy would probably be best for someone already into the Beyblade products, and not for someone who has never owned any before this.
This is about the single worst product I've ever gotten from Amazon Vine.  It's made from something that feels not even as tough as the plastic packaging they use for batteries.  Mine came with a couple dents in it already just from shipping, and they wouldn't come out completely, so if the rest of this had actually worked as advertised, it still would've been a problem.Assembly is easy, to half spheres held together with little clamps that insert into the base pieces.  Stickers were annoying to get off of their strip as well.But the real snoozer here was the launcher itself.  It has little arms that come down then turn at a right angle, on opposite sides.  These fit into slots on the top.  Then when you yank the zip string, they turn in the direction that keeps them from pulling out.  once it stops spinning, the top's rotation will pull it off of the arms and let it fall.  But the arms just BARELY hold the top on.  My 8 year old son and I both tried these for a while, but half the time he couldn't even get it into the hole to hold it to launch without it falling off completely, or having one arm come loose and leaving the top just dangling there.The hole that you have to hold these in is annoying as well, it can be a little tough for kids to get the top in there without it falling, then yank the zip and get them going.  I had a better time, but this isn't made for adults.Then the tops - even when I really cranked hard, so hard I thought I might break something, they really didn't do that much.  The positioning of the holes and how the tops fall off the launcher so easily pretty much preclude you holding it in a vertical fashion to try to get it to go around from bottom to top as opposed to just going in circles around the equator.All in all, there wasn't a single aspect of this that was worth of even two stars.
This thing is garbage.  The two halves that make up the dome is made of such cheap and flimsy plastic my kids and I thought it was packaging material and were looking for the "actual" pieces.  When we realized what we had even my 4 year old scoffed.  After only a short time there are already scratches from the Beyblades all over the inside of the dome.  This is surprising just because of the fact that the BB only spin in this thing for a few seconds at a time if at all.  The only upside is my boys got a couple new Beyblades.  The dome sits unused after about a day and a half.  $40...  Seriously?!?!
My son LOVES Beyblades, so for him to HATE this, says a lot. To start, the dome, as others have mention is very then. I don't think this effects the toy as much as the giant hole on the bottom!!!! Gravity pulls the tops into the lowest part, right where the hole is! Who designed this thing? A battledome with a hole on the bottom? Of course, it comes with another flimsy piece of plastic to cover the hole, but it does not sit flush, but it's for "practice." If my pipes were bigger it would be more fun to mount it over the toilet and battledome them right down the drain. This is a HUGE waste of money. The only good thing is you get two Bayblades, but that's a lot to pay for two Beyblades. The Beyblades themselves are fine, they work fine, etc.....but this is not about Beyblades, it's about that crazy dome, or at least the hole in it. My son has a battle arena that he loves (it's basically half a dome, without a hole on the bottom). He makes his own stunt areas for his Beyblades. He saw the box and went nuts! He opened the box and put it all together, and said, "Daddy, can you help me, I think I did something wrong." I followed all the directions and told him, "Nope, you did everything right." His response was, "Then it's a piece of junk! Why would they put a hole in the bottom? It just keeps falling through." The only positive thing I can think of is that so few of these will sell that in 50-100 years, it will be a real collectors item, because so few will have survived. So, if you bought this, stifle the urge to jump on it and destroy it, and keep it in the original box, and perhaps your great grandchildren will have a collectible....of course, if you haven't bought it, I would say, DON'T, unless you want to play a practical joke on someone or really frustrate someone. ;-)
This toy is cute, but not worth your time. It comes with only two elephants, so play is limited right off the bat--no more than two people can play at a time. Each elephant is equipped with a suction cup at the end of its nose... that doesn't work very well, and can be frustrating for an adult (let alone a child). One of ours worked better than the other, so whoever had the green one won every single time. Not fun. Eventually we left the elephant trunks scrunched up so you could get a better grip with the suction cup... and then they suctioned so strongly that the cards were really difficult to pull off. Both my kids ended up very frustrated.They did sort of like the matching games (like "Memory" but with fewer cards), or flipping over one card at a time to see who finds Tutti Frutti first, but you can play those games elsewhere without the annoyance.
My daughter was so excited when I gave this game to her, but that excitement didn't last long.  This game looks like a lot of fun, but the fun stops as soon as you start playing. The suction cups at the end of the elephants' trunks are supposed to pick up the cards, but they don't.  This game is unplayable in our house, at least it is unplayable in its original design form. We now use the elephants as makeshift Slinkies. It's not a tremendous amount of fun, but it brings a couple of giggles every now and then.Save your money. This game is a huge disappointment.
I am an expert in boys toys, and kids games.  This game is terrible.  My boys (ages 5 and 6) tried this game for 10 minutes.  They could not get it to work.  My other boys were not interested.  So I tried.  I couldn't get it to work.There is an elephant head, hooked to a spring, and you have a suction cup hooked to the bottom.  That suction cup is supposed to hook to the cards.  Little kids trying to make the spring work is next to impossible.  But when they do hit the card, the suction cup doesn't work.  My oldest boy put gum on the end...that just made a mess of the floor!  SKIP THIS GAME!I will update it with a video so you can see exactly what I am talking about.
I picked this up for my three year-old Son, who is fanatical about Super-Heroes in general, and Spider-Man in particular. First off, it's not a very good idea to get this if you have a younger child that still puts things in his or her mouth, because these toys are a definite choking hazard. There's really not much here...you basically bounce the character pieces around trying to knock things over. My Son got bored with it and walked away after 5 minutes.......This is probably one of the most bizarre toy concepts I've ever seen. I would have loved to be there when the idea was pitched to the toy company. That must have been a hilarious meeting. There's not much here for kids of any age to enjoy.
There is almost nothing to say about this product because there is nothing to do with this product.  You are supposed to flick one of the little figure to knock down the other.  It is so shockingly uninteresting that I actually checked on line to see if I was missing something.  I wasn't.  You throw one of this little figures at the other ones.This seems to be mostly a "gotta get 'em all" gimmick.  I got series one and it looks like there are tons more.  Some of them are ones kids will want like Iron Man.  But one was "The Punisher".  Is that supposed to be the same punisher from the movie?  Because that is way inappropriate for little kids.All in all I was very disappointed in this game.  There really isn't anything to do.  Imagination is not inspired.  And this is actually less engaging than jacks or tiddly winks.
You've seen it before: a scheme to sell collectible sets masquerading as a children's toy. The problem is the toy isn't much fun to play with and, no matter how many more sets you buy, the gameplay never gets better.While the initial stunt set appears to be a good value, each additional four-pack will set you back roughly another $12. The complete set will run more than $200.The toy industry has become quite adept at squeezing huge profits out of plastic junk. Bonkazonks is just the latest attempt in a long line of flash-in-the-pan collectible toys using comic book, anime or movie characters. Before there was Bonkazonks:*Mighty Beanz*Pog*HeroClix*Ninjago*Bakugan*Redakai*Beyblade* and who could forgetPok&eacute;mon?The Spider-Man Stackrobatic Stunt Set includes six *exclusive* Bonkazonks figures: Spider-Man, Iron Spider-Man, Black Costume Spider-Man, Green Goblin, Rhino and Doctor Octopus. Each figure looks like a plastic thimble with a magnetic leg and a sticker of the character's face that wraps around the thickest end.One evening at a friend's house, I brought out the set and played along with two children. We tried bouncing Bonkazonks on carpet and on tile. It didn't make much difference. We were supposed to slap them on a `Spider-Man Slampoline' which is marketing talk for a thin rubber disc. The rest of the accessories are just as outrageously described on the set's box. Seven pieces of hollow plastic (the quality you'd expect to drop out of a 25-cent vending machine stashed in the back of the bowling alley) is called "BONKAZONKS BATTLE BLOCKS" and "TRICK LIFTS."The children stayed mildly interested for about 10 minutes.Hasbro wants you to believe that this is a Marvel circus in a box. In reality, the Bonkazonks figures are indistinguishable without the gaudy stickers. And because the figures are so short and squat, the acrobatic flips are no more eye-opening than watching five dice spill out ofYahtzee cup.In summary, spend your hard-earned money on something else, something fun, and steer clear of this toy set.Rating: One star
My nephew got bored with this toy after about 10 minutes of play. I like to keep toys around for when my nephew and niece come to stay with me but this is not the toy to keep around. The pieces are very cheaply made...cheap plastic and cardboard. My nephew lost a few of the pieces the first time he played with it because they pieces are so tiny. The little toys did not bounce high or long so he couldn't knock down the blocks with them. Half the time when he went to bounce the little people off of the "platform" into the blocks, the blocks would fall down before the toy even got to them. Overall I am not impressed with this toy.
My 5- and 10-year old boys couldn't wait to open this game!  The directions (written on the back of the box) were pretty easy to understand, and my 10-year old, who doesn't like to read, appreciated the fact that the directions were so easy and clear.  There are four ways to play the game: 1. Topple the Tower.  2. Aim, Bounce and Score.  3.  1 Shot for the most damage. 4.  Mystery Stunt (which you draw a card and see what the mystery card tells you to do).  Though my boys were excited to try the game, it didn't hold their attention for much more than three minutes.  In three minutes they had played all four games as listed above.  The characters included in this game are Iron Spider-man, Rhino, Green Goblin, Doctor Octopus, Spider-Man, and Black Costume Spider-Man.  The game comes with a long list of other characters that are each sold separately.  As is the case with so many games and toys for young children, the idea is to try to make the things collectible. I can safely say that this is something we won't be doing.  This toy has no educational value, lacks any real appeal for replayability, and is really kind of dum. I suppose it could teach kids to take turns?  This game has many pieces that would be choking hazards for children 3 and under, or for older kids that haven't learned to stop putting things in their mouth that don't belong. Also, it should probably be noted that because the general idea in this game involves tossing these toys to get them to bounce in a certain way/direction, it is not a great leap of the imagination that the tossing and bouncing will escalate in to out-and-out throwing. I don't know how things are in your house, but in my house we discourage throwing toys and don't like the idea of games that encourage throwing things in the house. Overall, we were disappointed in the BonkaZonks game and would not recommend it to others.
I guess this is an attempt to cash in on the collectible toy craze, like squinkees.  My kids played with these for about 5 minutes before moving on and losing most of them under the couch. Now when I find them, I toss them in the garbage.My kids didn't find them very entertaining, nor did I to be honest.I originally got them because my son is a fan of spiderman, but these have nothing to do with any characters and it is really some decapitated heads with some really cheap accessories that I honestly can't see how would be any fun for anyone.The only way I would suggest getting this is if you already have Bonkazonks and know your kids like them. If they do like them, then they will likely enjoy adding these to the collection.  Otherwise, it is just more junk to throw away.
A person cannot tell by looking at the picture on the box what size the pieces are. Upon opening the box I knew right off the bat it was a very, very, bad idea.  The pieces are tiny, the smallest was about 0.25 inches in width and height. We expected the pieces to be more like leggos I suppose. We should have been tipped off by the number of pieces, 372. Yikes!I attempted to put this together, it was torturous to say the least. It took me over 2 hours to just get half of it built. I let my son, who is 6, look at it, he barely touched it and it began to crumble. It did the same as I was building it. I refused to put the rest of it together, to me it was a complete waste of time. Even if I had completed it, I gasp at the sheer thought of shooting things at it, because of all the time invested and all the ridiculously little pieces to put back together. This 'toy' seems more like a model, to be built and looked at - not played with. The age range seems way off as well. I think it would be better suited for a teen or pre-teen, it would be a good 'project' for them to keep them busy.
As a full-fledged game/toy, Bot Shots fail. In a world dominated by online games, it would be refreshing to find an exciting toy that did not require a controller. And, certainly, many such creative games exist for adults. My friends and I occasionally break the spell of WoW (World of Warcraft) to playCitadelsorBANG!. Therefore, if there are "real" games that can distract a bunch of geeks long enough to step away from the keyboard, I know that someone can do the same for children. Nonetheless, the premise of Bot Shots is just boring. As mentioned in previous reviews, the closest comparison is to "Rock, Paper, Scissors." Scintillating. The game is such a snore that one round is enough to make anyone toss these little robots in the trash.Here's what these MAY be great for: decoration. I truly do mean that. Lovers of the 1980's cartoon may enjoy these miniature cuties. There is great attention paid to details -- and the colors are pretty spot-on. These would make for a cool addition to someone's work desk.So, as a children's game, Bot Shots misses the mark (spectacularly). No one will want to play this game for long. However, as nifty little accessories, these work!
My son loves pirates, so I thought this would be a fun game for our family.  The ship looks neat and the penguin pirates are cute, but the game is impossible for my family to play.  The ship is so extremely tippy that we struggled to get more than 2 pirates on the ship at one time.  The point of the game is to learn the strategy of balance, but I think Jenga does that better.  My kids gave up after about 10 attempts, so I tried and quickly realized that this game is poorly designed.  There is so little balance in the ship to begin.  I'd definitely pass on this game.
Seriously, don't bother. The app is great and we all love 'Where's My Water?' but this 3D version falls very flat. It's set up like a plinko game so it should be cool. Everyone loves plinko. Unfortunately, in real life, that means lots of teeny tiny pieces that have to be moved around so you can set up the board to resemble the cards for each game. Every time you move said teeny tiny pieces, the board tries to fall over. Why is that you ask? It's because the back brace is cardboard. A not-so-sturdy piece of cardboard. Every time you take the game apart to put it away, that not-so-study cardboard piece gets a little bit more not-so-sturdy. Plus, after you've carefully set up the game board, you have to be extra careful to not knock it over. Trust me, if you don't, down it all goes. Heck, if you look at it funny, it's gonna collapse. At least Swampy and Perry the Platypus are cute, plus there's marbles and marbles are cool. Seriously, save your dollars and save yourself the frustration of aggravated parents and a crying child. Trust me.
My daughter loves the Where's My Water app for the Kindle.  However, I have been trying to keep her unplugged a little more and was thrilled to see her favorite game in an actual physical game form.Set up was a little difficult.  The main issue I had was with the switch that switches from player to player.  I installed it upside down.  The funnels also keep coming off whenever we play.  If your child is younger, please note that there are tons of tiny little pegs.  They come out of the board easily and can be swallowed.The games come with cards that show a board diagram.  Before you play, you must set up the diagram to match the card.  You put certain colored marbles behind ducks and traps.  Getting the marbles to stay put before we were ready to play was almost impossible!  The yellow and purple (duck and trap) marbles would all come rushing down at once, while the blue game marbles kept getting stuck.We did about six boards before we realized it was just too much work.  It took about four times as long to get the boards set up than it did to actually play the game.Unfortunately, this one is for the closet and it's back to the Kindle for us!
This toy is very poorly made. It constantly falls apart, and I'm 100% sure it's put together properly. The pieces just don't "snap" together in any secure way...so the pieces are always coming apart. My kids love it otherwise, I just wish they had done a better job of making it stay together better.
First, please know that I have been raising children for 26 years. I do believe we have owned almost every single toy there is to be had. When you think "Little Tikes", you think of durable and long lasting construction.  This product, Little Tikes Big Adventures Action Fliers, does not even come close to living up to their standards or mine.  My 13 year old had this assembled in little time. It does not take a rocket scientist to assemble it or a lot of time. However, let's talk about flimsy construction.  If you are planning on letting a toddler play with this, don't let them lean on it because it is going over.  My toy tester is a few months shy of being 4 years old. He loved to watch the plane take off down the ramp and that was about it as far as fun goes. From a parents persepective, this is not worth the money or the space it takes up for what it does. Sad to give anything Little Tikes this poor of a review, but I hate wasted money on what could have been a great toy.
This is one of the worse Fisher-Price products I have ever come across. It is meant for an infant or very young toddler to use an iPhone or iPod. The product starts off bad and gets worse. The packing makes it seem like it is a gold bullion: I don't think these are going to be objects of theft.Then the back is hard to get off, if you have a case you need to take it off, and then the plastic cover makes buttons very hard to use. To top it off you don't even get any credit for Fisher-Price paid apps, just a QR code to some free apps.Much better ways to use your money and completely forget it for a phone of iPod you use. I could only see it for a spare and it isn't even worth it for that. Not recommended.
There is no one on the planet who enjoys the Fisher Price toy better than me.  NO ONE.  So believe me when I tell you that this is the worst toy they have ever ever come up with.I have an iPod Touch and thought - COOL!  I will be able to play this with my grandbaby.  Um, no.  Incredibly difficult to open and put the iPod in, enough that I actually put it down and came back later so I wouldn't smash it on the floor from frustration.  Only three downloadable apps from Fisher Price that aren't intuitive and basically no fun to play.  Pushing the screen cover to use the apps is next to impossible for an adult, let alone the baby.Not a fun toy, not worthy of the Fisher Price name.
Deceptive in title and super bummed out when I got this, Fisher Price seems to be going all crazy with toys that hold Iphones. This is the second I've gotten and it's worse than the first since this is just a plastic case. I don't think the average parent lets their child use their phone on a regular or long term basis. I need my phone for my personal use more than my infant.
I rarely do a negative review, but I really feel like this product is not up to par. First of all, the ages on this product say 4 years and up. What? Have the ever met a four year old? There is no way that the majority of four year olds can have the small motor development to use the tiny pieces that come with this toy set. There are several pieces who are literally small than the fingernail on my pinky finger. Not to mention, this microscopic pieces are going to be lost within seconds. I would say this toy is geared more towards older kids, at least 8 years old or older. I don't know how well the Barbie theme transfers to older girls, but maybe they are still into them at that age. I expected larger pieces that young kids could actually manipulate and ended up with microscopic toys that will either be eaten or lost within seconds.
I had high hopes for this. Mega Bloks and Barbie seem like a great combination, but this is a disaster!When you open the box, be prepared for A LOT of SMALL pieces! I had a piece fly across the room and thought I had good eye sight and had a hard time finding it because it was so small. I figured since it was raining outside I would build this with my daughter. I grew up in Germany as a child and just about every week we built these very small Legos toys when we went out shopping. I figured it might create a memory like that. Oh no, not close. The pieces are way too small. I have tiny hands and fingers and can pick up small things and maneuver my hands in places where things get stuck but I had a hard time holding the pieces and putting them together. I was trying to build it for my daughter but she lost interest after seeing my frustration.I sadly cannot recommend this toy. If you ever had a Kinder egg and know how small the pieces are inside the egg, this is similar. Kinder eggs were banned due to that as well. Also the box is a decent size but the contents only take up about 20% of it. I felt like I was getting a toy at the bottom of a cereal box.I am sorry to be so negative about an item but how small the parts were shocked me. Every time I tried to build the Barbie, which you can barely call her that because she is SO small, her hair would fall off because the part is so small. Sorry to say, I cannot recommend this and hope you save yourself the frustration it brought me.
My daughter loves Ariel so I was so excited to get this...what a disappointment! First of all, the upright piece that holds the swing hooks into the base does not stay in place and when you try to push Ariel in the swing, the whole piece spins around. Also, the pieces are made of very thin plastic and are low quality. Ariel is much smaller than the picture indicates. Her bra is literally glue with glitter on it, which chips off after a few uses!The fish do squirt water but the "fountain" piece is inconsistent with squirting water; sometimes when you squeeze the purple shell to squirt water, nothing comes out and when it does, it sprays in every direction, getting water in the child's face and on the floor. The tubing that feeds water from the shell pump to the squirters is impossible to get all the water out of.But the worst thing about this toy is that it doesn't stay floating on top of the water like it's supposed to for very long. If water goes up the slide, the base gets flooded and the whole thing sinks and falls apart! Don't buy this - it's a waste of money and Ariel sure does end up under the sea at the bottom of the bath tub!
I have to say I'm baffled that other people like this product! The pieces are tricky and have to be assembled "just so" (like quite a few other car- and train-track toys), but even once we got that sorted out, the spinner would frequently just fall of the launcher-thing it attaches to, or spin weakly. My son (age 5) finally just started spinning it by hand because that worked better. He was happy with the end result, but I wasn't. Given all the positive reviews, I have to assume my product (the launcher piece) was simply defective. So I'd recommend buying this somewhere (like Amazon) that will let you return it if yours doesn't work either.
The discs for this toy are powered by a handheld, flywheel-powered device. After about a dozen uses, the tiny plastic tab keeping the flywheel's spring in place broke after the first dozen uses.Checking with other parents, many had the same issue. The item cannot be repaired and the cheapest kit that replaces it costs about $10.Was it fun? Yes. For about ten minutes.
my son was excited to play with this set..until it came out of the box and everything seemed backwards to him. he set it up the way he wanted and then...walked away in boredom. he likes pretend play but this set was just boring and flimsy and worthless to him.
Basically this is Jenga played on platform that knocks your tower down just when the game is starting to get good. I love Jenga, but Jenga Boom is horrible.In Jenga, each player removes a block and places it on the top of the tower, making the tower progressively more unstable. The excitement and challenge builds as the tower gets taller and more unstable. Finally, the game ends when the loser knocks the tower over.In Jenga boom, you get a few turns to remove blocks and then when you think it might just start to get challenging, the base "explodes" knocking your tower over. There is no satisfaction, the loser and winner is arbitrarily determined.It feels much like when you play a good game of Jenga but there are young kids around and then just when the game is getting good, the kid comes by and knocks your tower over. Then you regain your composure, rebuild your tower, and start the game over. Then it happens again. Finally, you decide to quit playing Jenga until there are no kids around. Well that's what happened to us. We finally decided that the Boom base was so obnoxious to game play that we put it away and played a few games without the base.If you want Jenga, getThe Original Jenga. You will save money and get 54 blocks for a bigger more fun tower rather than the 36 in Jenga boom.
We could never get past the very beginning of a game, since the base was especially sensitive to the slightest reasonable amount of pressure (particularly after the tower was already constructed upon it). It frequently dropped down, forcing the tower to topple over.It doesn't matter how well we set it up at the beginning. We flip the switch at the back that is supposed to lock it down. We push down on the base beforehand, to make sure it is set, stable and secure (I especially wanted to avoid rebuilding the tower AGAIN for no reason).  Unfortunately, the same problem keeps occurring. Our whole family is disappointed, though we now see that even if it DID work correctly, the "fuse" isn't long enough to get a good game going, especially for more than two players.There is no point to this add-on to traditional Jenga. It is also unfortunate that they subsequently decreased the number of wooden blocks in order to have a plastic base that does nothing to improve upon it. Although the overall base construction seems sturdy enough, its malfunction ruins the game for us.A thoroughly bad experience for our family, so I cannot recommend Jenga Boom.
Looking at the box, I thought this would be a fun set to build awesome robots to play with. Upon opening the box, my opinion quickly changed. Whoever created this, was slightly insane, I think.The pieces are made of foam. They are in sheets and you pop all of the pieces out. There are a bzillion pieces that need popped out and some are soooo tiny. When I say tiny, I mean only a few millimeters  - there are some tiny little ones that are just barely 2 millimeters wide and about 4 millimeters long. Some are tiny flat pieces and some are little cylinder shaped pieces and yes, they are meant to be used in building the robots and adding to the gun.I would never buy this for a 4 year old, although the age range on the box states that as the youngest of the age range. It is much too overwhelming. 8 & 10 year old nephews totally gave up on it quickly as well. It takes forever to pop out all of the pieces, for one thing. Luckily that is a once and done deal. Assembly takes just as long and is not very fun to do.It seems to take a million pieces just to make one figure and it ends up not being sturdy enough to play with anyway. My 15 year old daughter actually joined in and finished assembling all 3 figures as per the box and instructions. She did it mainly because she tends to be a very determined individual and she was enjoying the ridiculousness for some odd reason.To make the eyeballs, you have to insert tiny black rivets into the white balls. The joints (red) and eyeballs (white) are fairly small. Smaller than the smaller sized gumballs.I thought this set would be more like Construx type playsets  - a little more sturdy, with easy to handle & assemble pieces. This is nothing like that at all. I appreciate the fact that the pieces are soft. I don't even know how many times I've stepped on a Lego and cursed under my breath, so the soft pieces are a nice alternative in general, but the plethora of pieces and especially the itty bitty pieces is just too much. If it was slightly more sturdy and allowed for playing with the figures after assembly, I would rate this set much higher. The colors are bright and fun, and the idea of the types of figures are great - robot, space gun, etc - but the set as a whole just does not come through and could not hold any of 3 boys' attention long enough to complete a figure. All 3 boys were in the recommended age group and none of them seemed to be impressed with the set at all. Once my daughter did finish the figures, the boys thought they looked cool, but were disappointed that they couldn't really play with them because pieces would pop off and fall off.
I've been working jigsaw puzzles all my life. My grandfather had severe arthritis in his hands and worked puzzles constantly at the recommendation of doctors. After he finished he always gave me the puzzles to work. By the time I reached the age of 12, I probably had worked 500 or 600 puzzles that were 1,000 or more pieces large.So I love puzzles. I love them of all shapes, design, and size.I hated this puzzle. I hated it so much I couldn't bring myself to finish it, making it perhaps the first puzzle I disliked so much I couldn't finish it.The painting the puzzle was based on was fine, but what put me off was the huge number of incredibly quirky puzzle pieces. Everytime I saw a piece shaped like an animal or a man playing tennis or a bird or whatever, I felt something like grating in my soul.I do not recommend this puzzle. In fact, I recommend that people avoid it. There rea thousands of great puzzles out there. Do one of those instead.
My 6 year old was so excited to be able to play with this!  That lasted for all of a half hour.  It isn't easy for little hands to push the car down hard enough and long enough to charge it and as soon as you try to put it on the floor it speeds off and gets stuck under anything that's raised up off the floor.We have almost all laminate flooring so it goes quickly in any room, it does bounce off of walls or other things that it runs into but if you have furniture that's not flat on the ground it's quite easy to lose the car.  The only place my little guy can play without losing the car is in the hallway with bedroom doors closed!  Not a ton of fun, really.
This was a birthday present for my 5yo son from friends. The box makes it look awesome--with 7 or 8 balls/cars lined up and them shooting out of the thing with a cool laser. Until you look closely and see that only one car is included. And you try to use it and the ball just falls out (&#34;rapid fire&#34; is a joke) and rarely (if ever) pops open. I wanted to return it but my son likes it so we're stuck with it. I would NEVER buy this.
I can't tell you how disappointed I am in the Mattel Hot Wheels Ballistiks Rapid Fire Blaster Playset. It seemed like the perfect new item to capture a little bit of the Transformer spirit into the classic Hot Wheels model. The cars that are designed to shoot out of the Blaster actually roll into a ball (great idea). Theoretically, they level out once they've been launched. Good luck on that one! As that seems to be the primary design feature, the product really falls short in every way. It isn't much different from having a ping pong gun because the car remains in a spherical shape.Pros:Excellent IdeaCons:Only One Car IncludedCars Don't Function As PromisedPrice For FunctionalityLittle Sustained PlayabilityLaser Feature That Has Little Use Or PurposeI believe that products need to do what they say in their advertising. Mattel missed the mark on this one. KGHarris, 4/13.
I am not sure if I received a defective toy or not, but the car will not unfold.  We love hot wheels cars, but the the hot wheels sets are generally overpriced pieces of junk.  This one is no exception.  It looks really cool in the box, but that's about where it ends.  It is very frustrating for a child to try to play with a toy that won't work correctly (or at all).  Our experience with hot wheels SETS is that they never work the way the videos/commercials show them working and they never last beyond a week (and that's being generous).  Unfortunately, this toy is no exception.  Save your money.
Hi, Elmo.  Remember your first major hit at retail--the classic Tickle Me Elmo?  Who didn't have one or know somebody who had one?  You even made adults laugh with that infectious giggle.  Then there were all the sequels to Tickle Me Elmo.  Frankly, I don't really remember them all that well.  No offense, Elmo, but your first act was tough to follow.  Then, I had the chance to bring you into my life again for my two 2-year-old daughters (twins), who love to watch you on TV.  How could they not fall in love with a version of you that would hug them and talk to them?  Or so was my thinking.  Then you showed up, in a rather large box, I might add.  You were bigger than I imagined you would be.  Then there were those strange arms of yours that were too long and too skinny.  They were like spider legs, only red.  They didn't scare my daughters, but they scared me a bit.  What have you done to yourself?!?  Once I got past the arm oddity, I figured the talking and hugging would win over my daughters.  Unfortunately, you seemed to have a mind of your own--talking and hugging only when it was convenient for you, not predictably when you were hugged.  How can you not hug back when a 2-year-old hugs you?  Are you heartless?  Then, I turned to the instructions, which were printed on a leaflet in the box.  There, I learned that you had a button in your left foot that could be depressed in order to activate many different fun and engaging interactions with my daughters.  I pushed the button like a mad man, and you just sat there looking at us all blankly, scarcely chattering or doing much of anything.  Have you grown vain in your celebrity status?  Do something, I thought!  I even went so far as to double-check the batteries that I put into you to see if they were fully charged.  Yep.  It wasn't that.  Sheesh.  As they say, first impressions are lasting, and you have already fallen many rungs on the ladder, as my daughters opt to play with their plastic dishes and flatware, rather than waiting for you to do something.  What a disappointment.  Can we just go back to tickling and giggling?
There are so many lovable Sesame Street characters that are marketed in conjunction with various toys.The Playskool Sesame Street Elmo Junction Train Set appeared to be a fun unit.However, it is total frustration in attempting to move vehicles around the track.  More than one child tested out this toy and abandoned all attempts as did adults watching over them.There seemed to be no way around getting around and it basically does very little.Wound up keeping Elmo and Grover vehicles as independent little toys.
We homeschool our kids so we are always looking for fun ways to teach our kids about math.  I would not recommend this game in any way and would encourage you to purchase many other math games which are fun, a great example being Shut the Box.  This is not a game but simply a new set of math triangles to make over and over.  My kids are 5, 6, and 9.  My 5 year old struggled to play as she is just learning addition and my 6 and 9 year old did not enjoy the "game" because there truly isn't a fun game aspect to this.  We will not play this again.
The frame seems ok, but I'm going to keep looking for a less frustrating &#34;easel&#34; for my son's Perler activities.SUGGESTION: Check out the App that goes with this, including the &#34;in app purchase&#34; selection, and reviews to get a better idea of how this works as marketed & additional expenses to use it in that fashion.  We wound up only able to use it &#34;analog&#34; as the app was unavailable at the time.THE GOOD:most of the good is from the craft of Perler bead creating & this is a simple way to get someone oriented to the craft.-you can use the I-Pegboard without an iPad tablet-my son recognized that this makes &#34;old school/8 bit graphics&#34; and was instantly interested in making Mario, Luigi, etc...FALLS SHORT:-App, for the iPad, keeps coming up as unavailable for download.  Hopefully, that will change in the future because it is a fun part of this set and helpful for drawing in and teaching kids a new way to look at the world around them.-without an iPad inserted, there is nothing keeping you from accidentally popping up the removable tray with your hand when moving, scattering your designs-the tweezer/scoop tool is unforgiving to weaker, less stable hands. I hoped this would be a good hand exercise/OT sort of an activity, but i found it too frustrating as I flung a few beads and accidentally &#34;sprung&#34; a few beads from the tray.-the little scooped out spaces for Perler beads aren't deep enough for the included beads, so don't dump them all in at once.-the bead storage area is more of a palette and not any sort of portable or longer term storage solution as it doesn't have a lid.-I accidentally bumped, gently, the edge of the whole unit and knocked most of the bead out of the in-progress piece my son had been working on before bedtime, that he wanted to finish in the morning.  So frustrating.  They should include a design preserving lid of some sort.IF and when the app is available again, I will update this review.
Warning, cut the neckstrap (cord) off of this. My 5 year old grandson was playing with this shortly after Christmas and the neckstrap did not break away, instead he has a at least a 4 inch welt on his neck from it cutting into his neck, he was rolling around and playing on the floor and the strap cut into his neck and left the welt.I think this is a serious enough danger that it needs to be looked further into, as this toy is marketed for children as young as 3 years old, and my grandson is almost age 6 and was still hurt by it. I feel that we were lucky because someone was right in the room with my grandson, but this could be a dangerous toy if a younger child was playing with it and was not right in front of a caregiver/family member.I have emailed the manufacturer of the toy and will be filling out a CPSC incident form as it occurred to me just how easy it could be for a minor incident like my grandson suffered to turn into a tragedy for a child.Original review:I know comfortable might be an unusual concept to attribute to a pair of binoculars, but the soft rubbery "cushion" around the eye piece is just that. My five year old grandson just loves these, easy for him to use by himself to explore the world around him. However, as a reviewer, I thought I should actually try the product myself to get a better idea of the function and practicality of the item. I usually do not like using binoculars, as it is difficult for me to comfortably look through them while wearing my strong prescription glasses, but the cushion actually made these comfortable for me to use.
I thought I'd give it a try since I wanted to get the kids to do some backyard astronomy. Unfortunately my fear was realized. The telescope is so flimsy (especially the tripod and the focus) that it makes it virtually impossible to point it at anything reliably and be able to observe it. The slightest move or vibration will ruin the viewing. This makes the whole process very frustrating and the kids gave up very quickly.Also, the claimed 90x magnification does not seem correct. The moon is a lot smaller than viewed in my binoculars that claim only 15x magnification.
I did not like this toy at all.  Things I found annoying included:1.  The actual game is much smaller than the picture would have you believe - it's about 6" by 10" - not at all a larger game for the table.  But it is not compact enough to work like a DS.2.  ANNOYING as heck voice and jumpy music.  OMG - if I were buying this for an ADHD kid he'd kill himself - the music is loud, jumpy, horrible and distorted.  I think it is meant to motivate but it made me want to slam this thing against the wall.3.  The buttons are actually hard to push - which leads you to have to slam them - but really who wants their kids to slam their toys?The barely okay thing about this product is that it will do skip counting, the factors, and pairs.  It calls skip counting - sequences if you need to get technical.  The multiplication game is called FAST FACTS.All I know is that I hated this product.  The noise, the construction, the voice and the method.For the money I would go with FlashMaster - which is wellll worth the price because it does all the basic functions, has nine levels and many other settings.  WITHOUT annoying music and voice!  We've had our FlashMaster for over 5 years and still have the original batteries.  I am sure that SLAM is going to go through batteries, too.  Has to with all the noise.  There is a volume control, but it still sounds muted and annoying.  G-D awful product.
This is a well designed toy that my son was very excited to get since he is working on multiplication facts and was very enthusiastic about having a toy help him to do so.First things first, he turned off the volume after about 5 minutes of playing with it. The music in the background is horribly annoying and tinny - even to an 8 year old who enjoys noise! I offered earphones and got a 'you must be crazy' look for that. The voice that narrates the instructions and gives feedback is a high pitched extra enthusiastic voice that would fit better with toddler toys. Upon asking the child why he didn't want the volume on I was informed that it sounded like a baby toy and was embarrassing. Ok then.So, volume off, he continued playing with it with waning enthusiasm over the next few days. Yup, it has some cute games - skip counting, speed multiplication, missing factors, sequencing multiples and finding factors for a number. All well and good but the flashing lights and annoying music were just a bit too much. To cap it all off, the center top button stopped working so that is the end of that.I think the creators of the toy misstepped by making a babyish toy for material that is meant for kids who are trying very hard to not be associated with anything remotely babyish. Besides that, many toys have the option of turning off the music and leaving the voice on. This one does not. The headphone jack is a nice touch if the child is willing to listen to the racket.Unfortunately, I think multiplication facts and many other mathematical concepts are better learned and taught by apps on your phone or tablet. For a child with access to apps, this toy is a disappointment.
I'd probably give this doll 3 stars if it cost $10. It is seriously comparable to $10 baby dolls that I see in the toy store all the time. The current Amazon price as of this writing is $28 though, and that is ridiculous.This is your basic, plastic baby doll, made in China. It can supposedly go in the tub, but that's the only thing that sets it apart at all. It is not particularly well made. It is very limp and can't really sit up or even be propped up well. The robe is cute I guess. There's just not that much play value here for the price. It seems just a cut or two above what you would find in a dollar emporium.EDIT: Less than a week later, with a small amount of very gentle play, the seam on the side of the doll split completely open. This is a very shoddily made product. :(
I think the clever product description is more than likely to make a customer believe what isn't true.* In the middle of the Overview paragraph one can see: "Note that you supply the food ingredients..."  That should be in bold at the top.  The kit doesn't have much.  One could have downloaded science experiment instructions if one knew one would have to buy nearly all the stuff independently.* In bold the last heading: "Kids will make:" That is, providing the adults buy many ingredients on their own.Here's what you'll probably do with this kit: Make one small volcano eruption and throw the rest away.  Don't waste your money.
As many have already said, there isn't much to this kit and it hardly seems worth the price. The instructions are a 8 thin black and white pages in small type and it all seems very complicated for so very little payoff.Major issues:This is "Dr. Dessert, The Science of Sweets and Treats", so why are about half the experiments that have nothing to do with sweets and treats, such as a volcano, lava lamp, crystal creature, polymer snow, and borax crystals? Couldn't they come up with enough ideas about kitchen chemistry to make this work? What they do have about kitchen treats are not really experiments but recipes for things like chocolate cake and rock candy. You might as well just get these recipes yourself.There is little science. For some reason there is 1/2 page on acid and bases related to the "experiment" of mixing baking soda with vinegar. But, although there are three or four experiments with crystals, there is barely a word about supersaturation or crystal structure.This package appeals to young folks, with the cartoons and the payoff of some low-end treats. However the material requires an adult. Any older kid would be very bored with this and wouldn't value "Jello" enough to do the work.Less Bad, but Still Disappointing:The stuff you do get is cheap. Given I have to supply so much, I could also supply the plastic cups and pipe cleaner. There is little value in what is provided.It is colorful on the package but inside, everything is black and white. Cheaply printed instructions and cards. Very little to keep one's interest.The Good:I can't really think of anything good about this. There are some ideas that are good, so it saves you from having to look on the internet.However, if you looked on the internet you'd find some experiments that are actually pretty cool, such as using lemon juice as an acid for secret messages, make eggshells soft by soaking in vinegar, what happens to milk when it curdles (lemon and milk, for example), the role of eggs in binding cakes, how water can make limp fresh greens firm again, ...This isn't worth the money and, frankly, isn't worth much at all.
I opened the box and was pretty surprised at how few items came in this kit. You get 2 plastic cups (think red party cup, only clear, and smaller), a small scoop, 3 condiment cups (plastic, disposable cups you get for salsa at the burrito place), one lid for the condiment cups, super cheapo tiny plastic volcano, a ring pop ring (without the pop), a wooden skewer, a single pipe cleaner, a baggy of borax powder, a baggy of epsom salt, a tiny gummy bear sized polymer dolphin, a baggy of salt, 5 pH strips (and mine looked like they've already been wet), a baggy of "snow powder" (sodium polycrylate), and a tiny baggy of teensy-weensy polymer spheres. Oh! And "recipe cards".There is only enough stuff in your box to do the experiment once. Plus, you have to supply all the other stuff (like a bowl, scissors, fruit juice, unflavored gelatin, gallon sized baggies, evaporated milk, gloves, rock salt, dry ice, baking soda... you get the picture). Several of the experiments listed don't even have anything used out of the kit! One is just a recipe for chocolate cake! All of these experiments can be found on the internet for free.Don't buy this. The included ingredients/supplies are easily and cheaply acquired.
When I saw this I was excited.  I love using every day things to teach science and make science fun.  I was looking forward to playing scientist with my granddaughter.Basically this is a collections of odds and ends that might make a junk drawer and a few odd household chemicals.The contents of the box probably weigh less than the box itself.There are other good products out there like4M Kitchen Science Kitor books likeThe Book of Totally Irresponsible Science: 64 Daring Experiments for Young Scientists
The product in itself is so cheap. I took it out of the shipping and it felt cheap-the first thing I thought was Oh my kids arent going to care for this. But we opened and tried a few of the "experiments" they were bored to death.A bored kid is not a good thing.Would not recommend.
As much as I would love to use this kit, I don't even have all the pieces. It's not a kit. You still have to go and purchase a bunch of stuff to even use it. Very disappointing. I think they could improve by adding these simple items as others have already listed to the kit. The instructions are pretty boring although I felt they tried to add a bit of humor in them. The kit itself seems durable and I hope once I find all the materials, we can actually use it.
If you are looking for a product to help make science fun keep looking!this is a bunch of odds and ends  --  the box weighs almost as much as the contents.If you are looking for science projects to do at home consider either4M Weather Station Kit--or--Naked Eggs and Flying Potatoes: Unforgettable Experiments That Make Science Fun
I have tried a few of these "Amazing toys" and they are cheap and boring. This is the second I have tried and the kids were bored to tears with this. One kid said where did you get this?Bad start-skip!
It only took a matter of a few minutes to click the parts of this blaster together, which was very nice. Then, I turned it over to a nine-year-old girl to play with, while I did some housework. In quite literally 15 minutes, she came to me with the blaster saying that it was broken. I didn't believe it, and checked it out myself. Sure enough, the bolt can be pulled back the whole distance, but can only be pushed forward halfway.I must admit that I don't know what she did to the blaster to make it go wrong, but she is familiar with Nerf products, and her age is within their recommended limit. As such, I can only thing that I can think of is that something went terribly wrong with Nerf's play-testing, and they did not detect a major design flaw.The blaster is useless now, after only 15 minutes of play, and that is way, way too short. There's a problem with this toy, and I really recommend against anyone buying it. I normally like Nerf guns, but I don't like this one.(Review of Nerf N-Strike Elite Centurion Blaster)
I'm not surprised to see the general remarks already cataloged for the Nerf N-Strike Elite Centurion Blaster.  And while I don't like to participate in beating the proverbial dead horse, this gun was given to me so that I could offer feedback.  And like many others, I found the product problematic in the nicest terms possible.  It's a shame, really, because this gun looks absolutely AWESOME.  First of all, it is enormous!  It even has a bipod stand so that you can hone your sniper skills.  Also intriguing, the capability to gather additional hardware such as the Nerf Mission App Tactical Rail Mount to enhance your Nerf warfare experience.  Using an iPhone or an iPod Touch, you can secure apps that allow you to record missions and have scoping functionality. Listen, any kid who loves Nerf would definitely want to add this to their collection upon sight.This is where I'd usually run down the features of a product and offer some sort of commentary.  But I have very little to say beyond the basics due to what appears to be a ubiquitous design flaw.  While recommended for those aged eight and up, I think this particular unit skews much older.  We don't let kids play with the toys in our household, that's a job for the adults!  My experiences, therefore, with the Nerf N-Strike Elite Centurion Blaster are from a grown-up perspective.  No small or careless hands operated this machinery!The unit required minor assembly, which was intuitive and uncomplicated.  But once the gun was built and loaded, it wasn't very long before the mechanism started becoming very tricky and jamming up.  I'm not talking excessive usage, I'm talking fairly conservative play time.  With patience and fortitude, you could get the unit to unstick but the issue kept recurring.  Frustrated, I simply put the gun down and did a little investigating.  That's when I discovered that I was not alone in my dilemma.  Others were experiencing the exact same problem and many had completely destroyed their gun.So as they say, I simply walked away.  My blaster is not broken per se, but it is relatively inoperable.  I felt like I was spending more time tending to its idiosyncrasies than to actually using it for its intended purpose.  Have lots of Nerf merchandising, love Nerf products.  But this one needs a trip back to the design studio.  Awesome idea, clunky execution.  KGHarris, 8/13.
I know the idea of this set is that you build it and then shoot birds at it to knock it over, however, the K'nex don't stick together long enough to actually assemble the thing. By the time you finally (with a lot of effort to not swear violently) get the whole thing assembled, you and your child will have built each segment at least three times and reattached each pig at least six times (and each time you place a pig, you'll break at least one part of your planet structure.) By the time you fire the two birds (after you figure out just how hard you have to squeeze to get the birds to fly - hint: harder than you imagine you need to) you'll likely hear your child say, "well, at least the pigs and birds are fun."
I got this on the chance tht it might help my 2 year old with some of his delayed motor skills (he's closer to about a 18 months, developmentally.  And I hate it.  I just hate it.It's loud.  And noisy.  And my son couldn't be less interested.  I put him on it, and he seemed slightly entertained when the music was on, but after it timed out, he just wanted off.But the real reason I hate it is that it does entirely too much for entirely too little.  Developmentally, I'm told that's what is best are toys that you have to actually interact with in order to make them do things.  This toy just doesn't.  It doesn't seem to respond to the rocking, and even if it did, you could just push it and get the same effect -- no advance skills needed.  And you rock it or hit a button just once - just once - and you get an entire music and light show that seemed to go on - to my mind, at least - FOREVER.Yeah, I dislike this toy.  A lot.  Not particularly educational, and too loud for me to want around.  It's in a corner of our den, until I figure out how to best recycle the thing.
I got this set for my two nephews and niece who all love to play with the wooden Thomas the train set and table.  We have many accessories and buildings, which they will all play together with and have lots of fun.  While the pieces aren't cheap, they hold up well and aren't made of plastic.  One thing they do fight over sometimes is a motorized Thomas the Train car that runs on batteries.  They all love that one, so when I saw this set I thought it might be something that they would all love to play with.I couldn't have been more wrong!The first thing that didn't go over well was this track set is only really supposed to go together one way.  Unlike the wooden sets that allow a child to build a world using their imagination, this one has to be put together exactly as shown.  I hate this as it lessens the longevity of the toy and doesn't allow the child to explore his/her creativity.The Thomas isn't interchangeable with the wooden sets.  Since this is Fisher Price the scale is different than the wooden sets.  Unfortunately I didn't really check this out when I got it since most Thomas the train sets can be used together despite the manufacture (including the knock off brands).It took a while to put together, and when it was put together it was fairly large.  Another downside is that when you construct it some of the pieces can't be taken apart because they lock together permanently after putting together for the first time.  This is very unfortunate, since as I said it was fairly large when put together.  It's a big drawback in my opinion since this toy didn't hold their attention more than 30 min.  It isn't a toy that you will want to have out all of the time.  Another drawback is that since the track has to be put together a certain way, your little one won't probably be able to do it him or herself unlike the wooden sets.Finally, one of the "features" of this Train set is that Thomas is supposed to save the crown when he disappears into the tunnel.  I couldn't get the crown to stay in the hole without dropping down into the tunnel, so it ended up derailing the train.  We tried this several times and couldn't get the crown to stay up on top and then drop down into the tunnel when the train went through.Bottom line.  This is a complete waste of money in my opinion.  Even if your child is a big Thomas fan.  The train only goes around the track in one way.  It's not interchangable.  Parts of it didn't work the way it said it should, and it didn't hold their interest more than 20 min which was less time than it took to put it together.I would highly recommend the Thomas the Train wooden sets, buildings and accessories.  They may be expensive, but they are worth the investment.  Kids love to play with those.  Spend your money on that, not this.  Even at hald the price I wouldn't get this again.  Even if it was free I don't think I would get it again as it takes up too much space and won't fit back in the box it came in.Go for the real deal and you won't be disappointed (or waste your money).Thomas And Friends Wooden Railway - Talking Railway Stop And Greet SignalThomas and Friends Wooden Railway - Battery Powered ThomasThomas And Friends Wooden Railway - Water Tower Figure 8 Set
This toy can be safely put away into the next Goodwill giveaway or recycling project. I am inclined towards recycling. It is cheaply made junk. The minute it is out of the box, disappointment hits you. I happened to take it out of the box next to Playmobile set. The difference is staggering. The plastic it is made of looks cheap,the toys do not have detailed features, everything has that poorly made look. Total waste.
I was surprised to find out that an actual Leap Pad came with the video game. I was more excited than my six year old was though. He already has the Leapster GS and Explorer and I appreciated that this game can be used in either of the game systems.Unfortunately, our Leap Pad is dysfunctional. The screen is off in its calibrations. When you touch a place on the screen it responds in another place. It is very frustrating and kills all desire to play the games because you have to figure out where to press.I hope I can return it for one that works. I'll update my review at that time.
You get a cute cardboard castle that you have to punch out and put up, but we did not care for the game.  Not a game for 3 to 15 year old. Boring hard to understand instructions and hard to play with no real game play.You have to have two people to play one to hide things and the other to open windows to find the time to go on a bracelet, which makes it very difficult for a little child and for the small pieces I do not recommend it for 3 year-olds..
The Princess Sofia Royal Prep Academy Board Game gets off to a good start.  The box looks nice enough and the Royal Prep Academy inside, though tedious to construct, looks great when completed.  The bracelet and charms were a big hit with my 3 year old, despite not really having anything to do with the show.  Once we got to the instructions, things went sharply downhill.The instructions are written poorly, perhaps to purposely distract the end user from realizing that there is hardly any point to playing this game.  The basic mechanics are one person (the hider) draws a tile and hides a charm or a character behind a window and the other person (the seeker aka Sofia) flicks a spinner and gets 1 or more chances to peek into a window of the Royal Prep Academy.  Nothing is hidden at the start, so initially your 3 year old will have to get very lucky to find something.  You probably won't make it long enough for their chances at finding something to improve too much.  My 3 year old got bored of the game and we have not revisited the experience.  I would not recommend this game regardless of age or how much your kid likes Sofia the First.  Instead I would recommendFly and Go Seek Game
Cheaply made. I thought my son was going to snap the plastic pieces in half or tear the cardboard during assembly. You can play either as Shredder or as the Turtles.  My son wanted to be Shredder (placement of the "foot soldiers" on to the wobbly tower) until he realized it was boring and wanted to be the Turtles (catapult at the foot soldiers).  Really, it was more difficult to aim the catapult than it looks.  I think it was more fun just to use the game as target practice.Honestly, I have nothing more to add about this game, because it really isn't worth my time to review; it was that boring.  I wouldn't even consider purchasing this as a gift.
Pretty quickly into construction I realized that this was going to be kind of a let down.  The pieces snapped together fairly well but the materials and design is pretty flimsy.  I gained a little hope once we had it all together and tried to launch our first flying ninja turtle.  And that's when any remaining hope faded...The point of the game is to either knock out all of the villains before they capture the pieces they need to win.  However, with one single turtle 3/4ths of all the villains fell off.  We read through the instructions as we tried to work out the rules, but 20 minutes later is descended into straight target practice and ended 15 minutes later and we haven't opened the game since.Wish I could be more constructive, but both my boys panned this game outright, and I have to agree.
My kids are crazy for Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles (abbreviated by my 3-year-old daughter as just "Turtles" AKA TMNT), so it was a no brainer when I saw this TMNT-themed game. It's for years six and up though, so it was probably a better fit for my six-year-old boy.When we got the game open the kids tore open the box.  And that's when I started assembling the tower.  The way the tower works is that it's a rickety set of plastic scaffolding, connected by pieces of stiff cardboard that have foot and grappling hook symbols on them.  These are all interconnected and balance on a single pivot point, which is a small plastic pole.  The game also comes with a measuring stick, a defeated ninja counter, four plastic TMNT bases (for each of the cardboard Turtles), and a bunch of cardboard Foot clan ninjas.  These ninjas all have a grappling hook design as well as slot to insert into a plastic base, so they can either stand on one of the footprints on the tower, or hang from one of the grappling hooks.  There's also a deck of Shredder cards (the villain from TMNT) and a catapult to launch the Turtles at the tower.There are two different kinds of games you can play with this tower.  The first is simply target practice: whoever knocks the most ninjas off wins.  Using the measuring stick to ensure the players aren't too close to the tower, they take turns firing at it until all the ninjas are knocked off.The second game is more complicated.  One player manages the Turtles and fires at the tower as above; the other plays Shredder, managing the ninjas and moving them up the tower while searching for six special objects, presumably to summon some monster from Dimension X. If Shredder finds all six pieces before the Turtle player knocks off seven ninjas, he wins.  Don't worry though, Earth is safe -- if this game has anything to say about it, Shredder will never win. Ever.On the surface this game seems like a TMNT-themed Ants in the Pants.  But in practice it's totally unplayable.  Here's why: one does not simply place ninjas on the tower.  They have to be placed carefully, balancing a certain number on either side.  The ninjas distribute their weight differently by hanging vs. standing, so it requires a steady hand to add them to the tower without knocking them all off and starting over. This is nigh impossible for kids and a patience-testing exercise for adults.Worse, because they are so precariously balanced, a sufficiently hard hit on the tower (totally possible with the catapult) can knock ALL of the ninjas off in one turn.  If you're playing the target practice game this isn't quite so bad, but makes for a short game.  If you're playing Shredder vs. the Turtles, the Turtles win, always. And since the Shredder player has to move several ninjas around every turn, it's highly likely the entire tower will get jostled and all the ninjas will fall.  This happened five times before we gave up.If the tower was a little sturdier and the pieces a little more solid, this could be a fun game for younger kids too. But as it is, this is just a frustrating exercise in ninja-tossing.
This game was not fun at all. The boys could not wait to try this out. We played both of the games and tried to make some sense of it all. Some parts of the game was fun to do. launching figures. but other then that this was not that much fun. this will be sitting in the bottom on the toy box.
We were really looking forward to this game,  mainly because its the ninja turtles. However the excitement quickly turned into a huge let down upon the games arrival.This game is so cheaply made it isn't even funny.  It takes more time to set it up then it does to play it.  The tower is flimsy and so are the game pieces. Its made in China,  no surprise there.This thing takes up a lot of room and lost its novelty with my kids very quickly. Its not worth even half the asking price. I can't recommend this game at all, except maybe for target practice.
Out of the box, I note pros:*  It went together easily in about 5 minutes, although there is no hint to push until you hear and feel a click.*  Seems sturdy.*  The boy and girl pieces are solid and will be hard to lose and aren't choke hazards.Cons:* You may have the sound off or LOUD. I used the decibel meter on my IPhone (there's an app for that) in a room with an ambient decibel level of 40. The decibel level of the toy peaked at 81, mostly ranging from 75 to 80. It's awful.* The actual music is harsh, repetitive and barely qualifies as "music."* You can do exactly one thing with it - put a figure on the elevator or on the upper ramp and watch the figure go down the ramp... if it doesn't fall over or fall off.*  There is a dance floor (what this has to do with school is a mystery.) Put the figure on the dance floor and... nothing. If you press the appropriate button the dance floor with rise up and the figure may roll down the short ramp. VERY engaging @@ (eye roll.)*  This toy is not designed for play value; this toy is very clearly designed to get you to buy other, add-on toys.*  The adult voice on the toy is male. Preschoolers are rarely taught by men, but by golly, in Fisher Price world, the person in charge of this preschool WILL be a guy! You will not hear a woman's voice from this toy (this is an ongoing issue I have with toymakers and TV show producers.)*  I cannot discover any educational value to this toy at all. None.*  PRICE!I do not recommend this toy. Pretend school toys abound (for an additional $5, this one is an actual pretend school with play valueLearning Resources Pretend & Play School House) Skip this one. And if the nature of this toy is any indication of the quality of the TV show, skip that too!!
My four year old and eight year old broke into this set and had it set up before I could interject any assistance.  I really appreciate minimal set up, no fuss packaging, etc...  However, that's really the only nice thing I can say about this track.  Why do I hate this track?  Let me count the ways...1)Only one car.  Who do you race?2)Really an extension of 1--incompatible.  This track doesn't work with the metal cars toys or the micro drift cars toys or any of the other track sets I have purchased.  This is a whole new line requiring trips to the store to purchase competition for the single McQueen car included.3)It doesn't work consistently.  Failure to launch.  Failure to make the full length of the track.  This is frustrating for the kids and frustrating for me.  Even if it's their favorite franchise, my kids won't play with a toy that won't work.4)The entire set seems to be cheap and made of inferior and warped plastic.  This was a surprise, because typically I've been able to count on Disney products.For my family, this set will probably be recycled quickly.  It hasn't been used since day one.  To say I am disappointed is an understatement.
Mattel says, "Kids will love reenacting their favorite scenes from the movies." That's pretty much true, but all the reenacting will be in your child's imagination and not on this double decker speedway.With rickety plastic construction and instructions that are miles from intuitive, it will be forty minutes before you are ready for the fun. And what fun it will be. Watching your car feebly attempt to navigate the contraption over and over. On the plus side, your child will develop Popeye muscles from cranking the motor incessantly.Amazon's Recommended Age range is 3 to 7 years. The Manufacturer's Recommended Age is 3 to 10 years, which is ridiculous. A ten-year-old does not want to play with a dinky car toy. I would say even 7 years is pushing it, if not for the sheer dexterity needed to use this toy. Ultimately, you'll need TWO children: one to wind it up and one to hold the pieces together for some semblance of functionality, especially the Winner's Circle. You can't even crank sufficiently without moving the launching grid, thus negatively altering the alignment. Forget about seeing "stunts" on the track. What a joke.The idiocy of this toy knows no bounds. The stickers, for example. The instructions include this Helpful Hint: "Apply labels before assembly by number as indicated." Unfortunately, the accompanying illustrations show only a fully assembled track. The individual stickers are numbered. The track pieces are lettered. There exists no alphanumeric means of matching which sticker goes on which piece, until *after* assembly is completed, contrary to the stated instructions.From all accounts, the Stunt Racers sets are all disasters:Cars Stunt Racers Dinoco Stunt Show Stunt SetYou can use multiple cars here but of course this set only comes with one. Additional Stunt Racers are ten bucks each. For example,here,here, andhere. At least the car is fun, but forget about the track. Just rev the car (in either direction) and place it on a hard floor on an end or a side and watch it go. Just be careful: fingers can get easily caught in the spinning wheels.The images on the box are all Photoshopped, no doubt because Mattel's engineers couldn't get it working long enough to take an actual photograph. If I had paid even twelve bucks for this toy, it would be going back to the store.Shame on you, Mattel.
Have you ever seen a boy who LOVES the Cars movies stand eagerly by while his parents struggle to put together a toy that is ridiculously hard to assemble?  Have you ever seen that boy try to comprehend why the toy - which looks like the coolest toy ever - doesn't work even remotely closely to how it's supposed to?  Cars that are supposed to zoom across and then end up in the Winner's Circle either fall off the track, go about three inches, miss the track entirely, or zoom around in circles and just never end up in the winner's circle.This is seriously one of the worst designed toys I have ever had the misfortune to touch.  It ranks up there withChase, the non-transforming Transformer.  About the best thing I can say about this toy is that it hasn't actually physically hurt my son yet.Now I have to go out to Toys 'R Us and buy my distraught son a toy that actually works to make up for the fact that this thing doesn't work.  He's just sitting there and every twenty seconds or so asking me "why it not work, Daddy?"  "Why the car not go on the track, Daddy?"  "Why Lightning McQueen not go in the Green thing, Daddy?"  Thanks a lot Mattel.
Tried through Vine!The track was put together pretty easily by myself. I haven't tried it on carpet like some reviewers but on the linoleum floor it works pretty well. The upper track is pretty bad in my opinion, and overall I am glad I got this free. I'd say it couldn't be worth more than 15 bucks because it simply isn't fun. I'd say about 6 years old is the best kid age for this toy but that may be pushing it.I think Disney just let the manufacturer give 'em money and slap their logo on this, and Cars is a far cry from a great Pixar franchise, but someone let it rival Hot Wheels by slapping four times the price on the same toy, basically.Anyway if you must have Cars, I would skip this race track entirely.
This thing was not at all what I expected. It is about the size of a shoebox and comes with a ton of little parts to snap into place and store. Driving your microdrifter lightning mcqueen on the itty bitty road with the backdrop is pointless and my son looked at me and said "That's it?". Yep, that is it.The box is a pain in the butt to open, it takes some real work to get it open and then when you do get it open  it springs open and everything inside falls out. There is a plastic wall on one of the sides of the holder to keep things in place but that is also really difficult to open.The carrier is really compact but with the decorations sticking up it is hard to store. It has to go on the top of a pile and you cannot stack anything on it. My son had no interest in this and it was just taking up space so we recycled it. We don't miss it at all.This might make a good item for a serious microdrifter collector, but to anyone else it is a high priced piece of plastic.
I guess I did not read this right when I first looked at it-I assumed it was a case for ALL small cars-I was in error. This is just for Micro Drifters cars. I was hoping it would fit my sons Mattel and other small cars he had. They should have made the product more commercial so other cars could fit. Just another toy that you have to buy the Disney/Pixar cars for.My son did not like this carrying case at all.Thumbs down!
I am a huge fan of Jake's pirate ship that came out about a year ago, so was excited to be offered this hideout. But it was very disappointing.First off, you are supposed to use this tiki to turn and open the hideout.  Well, it's HUGE and it's BEHIND the leaves, so it makes it very hard to use it to open it. All my kids basically discarded the tiki and ended up pulling the leaves open manually; which of course leads to the eventually breaking off and me having to constantly put them on again for them.  They should have put a button on the backside of the hideout to open the leaves; simple but still neat.Second, the "slide" does not snap on at all, it just sits in the hole. Well, it's also basically unusable because it just comes right off if you breathe on it.So I just can't recommend the toy. The idea of it is REALLY neat like all the Jake the Pirate items. But it's just very poorly executed and disappointing because of that. I do love the boat they made in this set; so if your son or daughter likes Jake the Pirate I HIGHLY recommend that one!
Barbie Mariposa must have taken some engineering, but they'll have to go back to the drawing board. Her dress is wired up with thin plastic tubes that are supposed to swish up when the button on her stomach is pressed. There's also a big butterfly gizmo on her back, to which the fairy wings are attached and can be moved up and down (manually). Unfortunately, the belly button, at least on this particular doll, does nothing. It's impossible to push the fairy skirt into its folded down position - push it down, it pops back up. This is a silly product with very little purpose or play value. Her clothes can't even be changed. You've got to wonder what they were thinking when they released this dud of a product.
Everyone likes UNO, right?  Not when you bundle it with a clunky device that sounds like a demonic toilet flushing.  This is the new worst sound I've ever heard, and even if you enjoy the unpredictability of when the cards will shoot out, there is no way to turn the horrible sound off or even down.The instructions are pretty scant on info about how the device works or what to expect from it, so we played the first ten minutes with this horrible beeping noise blaring every few seconds.  We finally realized that was the 'change battery' alert.  But again, even with new batteries, the sound effect was beyond awful.  Oh and did I mention the ridiculously difficult to open packaging?  It took two people and a rather large knife several minutes to pry this thing loose.Bottom line, we would never use this thing again.  Save yourself the money and just buy a simple and cheap deck of UNO cards.
OK, I do understand that people are collecting these as display dolls, but I wanted to give this Barbie a chance to play with other Barbie dolls, under my daughter's supervision.This Barbie has a very odd look on her face - my husband was alarmed when we opened the box, saying "it's Paris Hilton!" And now I can't un-see the resemblance!The doll body shape is even skinnier than a normal Barbie, she is not at all poseable, her giant skirt is way to long, and the white plastic snowflakes on the dress overlay seem too fragile for play.All in all, this is definitely a Barbie destined for the sidelines.
When it comes to building block playsets, you can't help but compare everyone to Lego. They own the space, and with good reason. Simply put, they are the bar that everyone will be measured against. That's not to say that you can't put out a quality set if you're not Lego. So with that in mind, my son and I set out to tackle the Kreo Haunted Hideaway. Right off the bat, I couldn't help but think of theLEGO Monster Fighters Vampyre Castle 9468. That set is usually well over a hundred dollars. This is one is significantly less. And you can immediately see why.The mini figs are terrible. Forget Lego. Kreo has done much better minifigs. For example just look at the figures in theHasbro KRE O Battleship Combat Chopper Playsetset. Its clear that they can make a decent minifig. The characters included in this particular set are based around a one block wide model. Seriously reduced articulation and not much fun to play with. But maybe thats because of the sonic motion gimmick. When you attach these figs to special blocks they are supposed to vibrate their way around the playset, crossing bridges and battling one another. Thats fun, right ? More often than not, our figs fell over or toppled off of the platforms they were walking on. Not so much fun.I talked with my son who has put together his fair share of building block kits. He said the best feature of this Kreo was a small rocket launcher on a car. Not the sonic motion. Not the pop up skeleton crypt. And certainly not the minifigs. Its an inexpensive set, sure. But the play value that you'd find in a kit likeLEGO Movie 70801 Melting Room, or evenMega Bloks Halo UNSC Seige Bikejust isn't there. Sorry, Kreo. Hope your next outing is more fun.
Human-horse hybrid dolls are weird and raise a lot of strange questions I'd just rather not think about, but my daughters think they're cool.They may be cool in the eyes if the elementary school set, but they're also extremely breakable. Within days, these dolls were decimated. Not just destroyed, but so absolutely decimated that I couldn't even begin to glue them back together. Heads not just popped off, but cracked off. Arms that couldn't be reattached. Missing shoes that meant the dolls were completely footless.It's not like I ran them over with my car or anything. My daughters played with them in the same fashion they've played with their Barbies and the like. We've had dollar-store dolls that held up better. These are just flat-out poorly made.
Disclosure: we are not a huge Transformers family.  However, we've had a few here and there and my younger son loves to build things and is a pro at building things from instructions all by himself--he's constructed probably a dozen 400/500+ piece Lego/K'Nex, etc, projects with virtually no help.  So this is a kid who is very good at figuring out how things go and reading directions.  Not this Transformer!  He found the directions to this extremely confusing and the plastic difficult to move/transform.I called in an expert: my engineering-loving teenaged son who spent some time with this toy only to dismiss it as "crap."  (This teen has owned a number of transformers).  He commented, for example, that the shield was stuck so hard into the fist that you feel like you're going to break something simply by removing it.  He lost patience before figuring out the transformation.  So I took a turn.  I have absolutely no idea what these instructions are trying to me.  They have to be the most cryptic instructions on a construction toy I've ever seen.  I look at it and I feel like I understand what I'm supposed to do, but when I try to do it the pieces don't seem to go the way.  We've had this about a week now and we still can't make it go into a car.I had thought this would be a nice change-of-pace toy for my little 7 yo engineer, but I was really wrong.  It's too complex, too hard to physically pull out some of the pieces, and just doesn't seem like a toy for children.
This is such a mysteriously awful product, it's hard to encapsulate in words. Somehow it annoys well beyond what you would expect. Expect the tinny, poor quality sound. Expect irritating jingles. Expect it to feel light and even cheaper than you imagine possible.Be amazed at its remarkable resilience, because despite me trying to break it, it has resisted. I have stood on it, dropped it, and spilled water on it, and nothing seems to kill it.It's like a zombie that plays octopus jam band tunes- the worst kind.
I got this thinking that my 14 month old could not only handle it, but would embrace the smooth tactile-less 'ipad-esque' non features. Maybe that was failure on my part, since he is well under the 3+ age range listed on the packaging. But, he loves the ipad or any phone he can get his hands on, so I thought this would be a good alternative.However, the smooth surface, while very responsive, doesn't give any visual feedback, (except for a few lights that light up). So lack of visual combined with lack of tactile, doesn't equal up to an engaging toddler toy. And my toddler simply wasn't interested, all he did was lift it up, set it down, slap at it and then walked away. No matter how many times I try to get him to enjoy it, he seems bored. It's cute, it has lights, it has no hold over his attention.The sounds are kinda cute at first, but quickly become an unbearable loop when you, or your child, aren't pressing on the correct answer or if it's being used in the free play 'compose' mode. And I think that's where the biggest failure comes in, it's hard for a disinterested child to realize the cause and effect of his actions on this toy, it's playing music practically non stop making it hard, to practically impossible, to tell which sounds you did pressing say the piano key, unless you know to listen for it, (and you know a small child isn't, well, not mine anyway!).Unless you try this in person I would look for a different music option, I think the idea far outweighs the actual product. Maybe in another year I'll pull it out and give it another try. But, I have a feeling even with age on his side there will still be far more engaging options.
Let's be honest: this doesn't really make jewelry, in the sense of "pretty accessories that someone would actually wear or that you could give to a friend as a gift they will enjoy." The creative process is fun, no doubt, but the end product is chintzy junk that will instantly be eaten and thrown up by your dog or end up clogging your vacuum. Eventually it will make its way into its permanent resting place: the landfill. Not at all worth it. There are so many crafts you can do for less money, with less waste.
The idea behind this toy is interesting, but it fails in execution. There is a purple gel behind a plastic covering that you displace with a stylus or with your fingers. (I am not so sure that this mess-free toy will remain mess-free. I am not going to try to break the cover, but it certainly doesn't seem like it would take much. A little bit of effort from a curious kid will most likely result in a mess of purple goo.) Because you are using pressure displacement to draw, it's hard to actually draw and it's hard to clear the screen.I think I could have about as much fun with a little bit of corn syrup, food coloring and a zip-lock bag....
My 3 year old was really interested in this for about an hour. She thought I had given her an iPad, and doodled on it a little bit. Then she realized it wasn't an iPad and nothing she draws on it comes out very well. That was the end of that, and it has been under the coffee table with a dump truck parked on top of it ever since.
My toddler loves to draw, so I was very excited about this toy and hoped that it would live up to my expectations.  It does have a lighted background which she can change between colors and it will play child-friendly music, but it is a terrible drawing toy.  The surface of the pad is a gel-filled tablet and you can squish shapes into it with either your fingers or the provided stylus.  Unfortunately, the gel seems to move rather freely so that once you have pressed a line into place, the gel oozes back over it almost immediately.The only way we managed to get any drawings to stay on the board for any length of time was drawing on it when it happened to get let in a rather chilly room overnight.  The next morning, simple drawings with widely spaced lines would stay visible for longer periods of time.  But I'm sure prolonged exposure to the cold would ruin the electronics inside.The toddler likes to scribble on it, but seems to get frustrated that her pictures disappear and often ends up abandoning it in favor of traditional crayons and paper.
This product requires too much pressure, so much that I can barely draw anything on it myself. It worked so poorly that we ended up throwing it away after trying my different times to get it to work properly.
I was really expecting this toy to be more functional.  The drawing disappears almost immediately.  As an example, my 3 1/2 year old daughter tried to draw a simple face.  She drew 2 eyes, a nose, and then the mouth.  By the time she had drawn the mouth, the eyes had disappeared.  After playing it for about 5 minutes, she proclaimed it "broken" and asked me to fix it for her.I thought that perhaps I had gotten a defective unit, but after reading some of the reviews here, it is just how the toy works.  Cute idea, poor execution.  We'll stick to using a Magna Doodle, which has stood the test of time.

First of all, the title of this product is misleading. It uses crayons. It's not dry erase in the sense most people think of, with markers.Where should I start with things I disliked most about this product? The plastic frame is so cheaply made; it feels like it will break or fall apart if it's dropped or the screen pressed on too hard. and that's just with me using it, not a child who's moderately hard on toys. Really, it feels like $0.10 worth of plastic is all Crayola used. Terrible construction. If it wasn't a Vine product, I'd send it back.The crayons aren't that easy to erase. After drawing on it a few times, my 7-year-old son gave up because erasing it took too much effort, and I have to agree. After using the screen heavily, the crayons leave a film behind, which makes it look cruddy -- especially in its glow-mode. Since I assume the crayons are specially designed for this product, should you lose them, the toy is useless.The backlit "glow" leaves something to be desired. It uses two small lights on the bottom left and right of the frame. The glow effect is decent, except for dark a triangular void between the lights at the bottom. It really needed a third light in the middle. The lights have three modes: normal, slow fade, and flashing. In my opinion, it's too little to make up for its lack of quality.I cannot recommend this toy. For a reusable drawing board, get your child a MagnaDoodle. A pad of paper and crayons/markers/colored pencils works too, and it's far less expensive than this disaster.
So let's see, what do we have here?-Putty that scratches and stains any surface it touches.-A tiny mat so you can use the putty.-Molds for the putty.-A Happy Meal quality toy dinosaur, worth maybe $1.This product seems designed to annoy and disappoint parents and children equally. A disposable, destructive, annoying box full of soon-to-be-trash.Save your money.
This set was not as much fun as anticipated. Getting the dough in the molds is easy, getting them out is another story. If you want them to dry, you have to wait days.. if you try to take them out before they are dry, they do not come out in the shapes.. they pull apart. There is no easy way to get them out. You'd be better off to just make shapes and pieces with your hands and skip the molds all together.The playing surface is jut cardboard. The dino toy is rather small. The shapes that the molds make are very small, which lends to them being so difficult to remove.I think you could have just as much fun, if not more fun, with any other clay/dough and some action figures or toy dinosaurs etc. This set is too much of a hassle and just not worth it in my opinion.The dough itself is fairly unique though. It is very gritty and the texture is very appealing to kids to squish around in their hands. It is more fun just to &#34;mess around with&#34; and experience the feeling of it, than to play with it as intended with the whole set.
I cannot rate this item as it was not sent to me.  Based on this and other reviews on this item as well as others, this seems to have happened a few times already.We recieved the Crayola Dino Destruction Metropolitan Mayhem instead, which we liked.
If I could have actually built this set, it might have been fun.  Even then, though, I really question its concept.  The problem is with the clay.  It's not simple play-doh, but rather it's gritty like sand is mixed into it.  It says not to get it on furniture and the like because it can scratch the finish.So the concept is that it provides molds to make two different fortresses, then battle it out using the catapults.  You get three colors of clay, the molds, and the box doubles as a play mat.  The clay is supposed to harden, but it never hardens fully.  Add to that two additional problems: The molds stick to the clay and don't release it.  The molds are really durable and heavy duty, but this means you can't bend or twist them well to release the clay.  Therefore, I couldn't get the pieces out without destroying them.That was a real disappointment after waiting overnight and then some.  This is where the overall concept is flawed.  Most kids won't want to fill the molds, then wait multiple hours as it instructs.  It says not to add water to try and re-hydrate the clay, so I'm assuming that if pieces break, crumble or get lost, you'll need to buy additional clay instead of adding some water and re-forming.Between the clay not coming out of the molds in one piece, not being able to try and reuse it, and the fact that your kids will be shocked to learn they are expected to put everything in the molds then wait a few hours before playing, I don't recommend this product.
My boy and his friend did not like this at all. I will review this based on what they told me. At first they were very excited about trying this one out. Once they got everything out and set it up they played with it for about an hour. They said the stuff was cheap and boring. The worst part of this product was this construction compound that did not stay hard and made a mess( I had a feeling that was going to happen so I had them play one the hardwood floors for easy cleanup).Thumbs down!  Get something else for your kids!
I can't find anything about this toy that I like.  The set includes 3 small tubs of a clay like substance called Morphix.  Unlike clay or Play-Doh, Morphix is abrasive and can damage wood surfaces.My 7 year old nephew played with this set for about 20 minutes, after which time he declared it "boring".  That was also 20 minutes of my life that I spent hovering over him, making sure that he didn't accidentally get it on my wood table and damage the finish.  This toy won't be making a reappearance in my house.
This is one horrible product! It's rare that I'm THIS disappointed in a toy for my children.These markers are so light when used that your child can barely see what they've drawn! It's about as much fun as using a white crayon on a sheet of white paper, which is frustrating to a child! After a few minutes, both of my oldest boys(2 and 4) ended up just playing with the markers and stacking them on top of each other or putting them in their "holding" spot on the desk. Drawing, which is the purpose of this desk, wasn't the least bit of fun for them.Since this was such a disappointment, I decided to take a chance on dry erase markers. Dry Erase markers **DO NOT** work with this desk! It doesn't come off. I'll keep trying to clean our board, and if I find something that works, I'll come back and let you know. Truly, THAT will be this toy's only saving grace. Otherwise, it's a total waste of money!About the only thing I do like is the storage areas included. On the back of the desk, there is a holding spot for everything, except the washcloth. While in use, there's holding spots for the 4 markers that are included.Another huge disappointment is that magic eraser. The magic solution looks a great deal like a bit of dishwashing liquid and water. When it runs out, though, it's gone. I twisted and turned and tried everything, short of breaking it, to get the magic eraser open for a refill. Apparently, it doesn't come open! I searched and couldn't find replacements, either. Such a disappointment!!Overall, I can't recommend this product, unfortunately.
I picked this up for my son thinking I'd give it to him for his birthday.  Then, I read some reviews and decided I probably should check it out before giving it as a gift.  I'm glad I did.  This item is junk.1. The markers are difficult to get out of the storage location even for an adult.2. When you color with them, you can't see what you've drawn!  What's the point?  Not to mention, just in regular use, half of the very light color rubs off as the child's hand or arm touches the area where s/he just drew.3. It's advertised for small children and long car rides, but then you're warned not to let the markers touch surfaces that can't be washed.  Sorry, I'm not taking the chance of one of these markers getting dropped on my leather vehicle seats and discoloring them.  (We had issues with Color Wonder markers leaving stains so I learned my lesson with markers that "only mark on the special surface".)4. Since the back is hard, it doesn't even work well as a lap desk.  Lap desks usually have some sort of beanbag type of back that will conform to the shape of the child's legs and stay in place.  This item is just hard plastic and stays in place no better than using a hardback book on the lap.So, this will be one of those items where it's played with for a day or two (I've already given it to him, just not as a birthday gift and he's already bored with it since it doesn't really work), will get tossed in the garage, and then eventually in the trash.  Save your money.
If you purchase this toy, it will be the most expensive lapdesk you have ever purchased for your child.  A better use of your money would be to purchase an actual lap desk, drawing paper, and washable markers.  My daughter is nearly two and she loves to draw.  Typically, I put her in her highchair with some drawing paper and her washable markers and let her have at it.  I thought this would give her the opportunity to relax elsewhere and draw without me having to worry about the mess if she decided to decorate the furniture or something.  This, however, would not prove to be the item which would accomplish this goal.When I unpacked the desk, I decided to give it a go myself to see how it worked.  I was horribly disappointed.  I could barely see the faintest of marks on the board.  I wrote some words and challenged my husband to read them to me and he couldn't make out what I had written.  It was honestly that bad.  I thought maybe the board needed a bit of cleaning first, so I used the little solution and gave it a once-over, but that did nothing to help.  I have no idea how you are supposed to clean it once the solution runs out because I didn't see any refills.My daughter was bored within seconds.  Once she saw that the markers left no mark, she asked for her other markers, so I set her up with her usual set.  I tried looking online for a different set of markers, thinking that perhaps I just had a set that was old or defective, but I cannot find another set.  I guess that when the markers and the cleaning fluid run out you are supposed to just plunk down a lot more cash for a new lap desk.  Not gonna happen.So for now I just stashed this in our storage area and once she is mature enough to handle drawing on her own without constant supervision, I will let her use it as just a lap desk.  I could accomplish that for far less than the asking price of this toy.  I expect better of Crayola and hope that they either remove this product from the market or do a big overhaul on it so that it actually works.
I can only describe my feelings about the Doodle Magic Lap Desk as disappointed.I received this item through Amazon Vine, and had I paid for it, I would replace "disappointed" with "angry."  The concept is a home run, but the execution is a total failure.  The main issue revolves around the markers.  The fumes are noxious, and while I'm speaking figuratively, I have concerns that they may literally be dangerous as well, which results in my child not getting to use them.  When we first got it, and before I realized how terrible they smell, my wife and I noticed that the markers also seemed faded.  The bright, cheery colors on the box's example in no way match our product's capabilities.I love the idea of this product, and we thought it would be a delight for traveling, but, unfortunately, the markers rendered it unusable.
I really expected to like this product but sadly it doesn't even come close to what I expect from the Crayola brand.The +'s for this item are only what was promised - I nicely shaped, firm surface that would be a good size and shape for holding in a lap or using on a table.The minus side includes everything else:The marker ink is so pale that it can hardly be seen on the board no matter what angle or firmness you use them at.The wiper cloth is good only to drty the pad after you have used the included liquid filled eraser. ( I suspect this is a light dish soap concoction)The board still feels like it has a wax build up on it even after it's cleaned and on the places that that is the thickest feeling, the markers won't leave any color at all.My advice is to buy a wipe-off board at a dollar store and a box of washable markers. You'll spend less $ and have a happier little artist than I had.
So . . . I requested this because it looked clever.  Every parent occasionally needs something kids can write with that won't get on everything.  The idea of color drawing that works only on one surface appealed to me for my over enthusiastic 2 year old.  The lap desk comes with a wiping cloth, an eraser brush and four supposedly color special markers.  The eraser brush and markers fit in grooves in the back for easy storage.I might be worthwhile. If the markers worked.  You know that adorable label on the cover with the house?  If you think you can draw like that on the tablet I'm afraid you're out of luck.  I pulled out the first marker and we tried it . . . and it barely left a scrap of really faded color across the area.  I thought maybe it was the marker, so I tried again.  All the markers are like that.  There's no  real color at all,  My son has to press super hard with the marker, destroying the point of the marker to make it show up for a few seconds.I could argue on top of this that a set of markers that has red and yellow and green should also have blue, not orange--but it's really pointless.  The crayons don't work.  I thought maybe I had a defective set, then I saw the other reviews which essentially say the same.Poor product.  I'll go back to using a magnetic drawing tablet with my kids.  It's more effective.
I am so glad I opened this to try it out before giving to my grandson's as a Gammy's House present (meaning it stays here).  The mat is fine and appears to be well made.  The problem is the markers.  Even after waiting minutes after drawing on the mat with them, only faint images appeared.  The lighter colors, at least to my naked eyes, didn't appear at all.This is definitely not what is advertised either in the product description nor on the box itself.  I will attempt to rectify the situation with Crayola, but until then, I cannot recommend this product to anyone.  It would be too disappointing to young children.
The minute this product came through the door, my nine-year-old and four-year-old couldn't wait to get their hands on it. They immediately took out the markers and erasers and started drawing, to disappointing results. From the picture, it looks like the marker colors are vivid and bold, and if this were the case, I have no doubt my kids would have loved this toy and gotten hours of play out of it. The truth is, though, that the colors are barely visible. Of the four, only the yellow is remotely visible, and it's very faint at best.Thinking my kids were doing something wrong, I had a go at the toy. I erased what they'd drawn, wiped the mat dry with the included microfiber cloth, and gave each color a go, only to find that none of them really worked. As noted, the yellow was faint, but the other three colors looked like nothing more than wet lines on the surface of the mat, completely colorless.It's bad enough to market something that works poorly at best, but inexcusable to sell a product that doesn't work at all. Don't waste your money.
There are so many cool features about this toy. It has loops to hold the markers and the eraser and a pouch if you don't like the loops. It hangs on the wall or lays flat on the floor. Everything about the design of the matt is excellent. It's very clever.There is only one slight problem with the mat.... The markers hardly show up. It is so light that you can hardly see what you are drawing. The pictures on the box are clearly not real. There is no way these markers created those vibrant colors. I looked here on Amazon to see if there were replacement Doodle Magic Markers, and I couldn't find any. Maybe I was searching on the wrong item? So, that's annoying. Even if the markers did work well with the mat, replacements are not easily found.I love this idea - basically a foldable, portable dry erase board. Too bad it works so poorly.Hey Crayola - FIX THE MARKERS!!!!!
it simply doesn't work.  The markers give off a clear ink, that has a slight tint.It seemed like a good idea but is completely unusable.
I had high hopes for this because my sister's kids had the Aquadoodle mat and this, I thought, was basically the same thing...NOT!!! I was extremely let down by Crayola's poor quality product. I'll start by saying the one positive thing I can say is that I liked the carrying handle and the bands inside to hold the markers and the drawing surface is large, but that doesn't matter considering that you can't even see what you're drawing because the markers are so light (unlike the bright colors shown on the box = false advertisement) it's basically like invisible ink! Of the four markers included, the yellow and orange are the worst and don't even show up! The green comes out looking gray and the purple comes out a very very light pink.Yet another issue with this piece of junk is that if your child so much as touches the ink on the mat, it smudges off the mat and all over their hands. Also, if you leave the "color," if you can call it that, on the mat too long (about an hour), it stains the mat and no amount of wiping will get it off. Finally, they claim the "wet" eraser  will erase the marker in one swipe - not so because you have to push down on it and swipe at the same time several times to remove the marker. My daughter was so disappointed with this and we are going to get theAquaDoodle - Draw N Doodle - Classic Matinstead because on that we can actually SEE our drawings! Don't waste your money on this epic Crayola fail! I can't even believe that this product made it out into society because it's such poor quality.
Such a disappointment!  My daughter and I had high hopes when we opened this.  There's a good sized, attractive mat.  I loved the way it rolled up for easy carrying and storage.  The mat has places to store the markers and the wiper.  We opened the markers and my daughter got down on the floor to get drawing."Mommy, the markers don't work!"Sure enough, the markers are so pale that they are almost invisible.  It's pretty bad when the most visible color is the yellow marker - and even that was barely there.My daughter tried.  She struggled with the markers, pressing harder, trying to get some color out of them.  She successfully used the wiper to remove the little color she created.And then she gave up.Until they fix the markers in this set, I cannot recommend!
This is the first item that I have gotten from Crayola that the kids have not liked. The mat itself was cheap and the worst is the colors of the markers was very light and not dark enough. It was not a quick erase either-it took several times and I could not get it all off.Pass on this one!
This product seemed like a great idea to me---a plastic floor mat that you could color on with Color Magic markers.  My daughter has recently gotten quite into coloring, and always is wanting more paper and bigger paper, so this seemed like it would be a terrific way to give her that and then be able to erase and reuse the surface.  Well, it WOULD have been great...Basically, the Color Magic markers just don't show up on the plastic.  You can just barely, barely see where you color.  And that is after the about 5 second delay there always is with Color Magic markets to see any color at all, making it very frustrating for young artists even when you CAN see the colors.  But in this case, anything we colored looked like the long ago shadows of something written on a whiteboard and erased---like the hint of an old picture left over.  The box shows kids coloring vivid pictures, and there is no way on earth you could do that with these markers.The set also included a little eraser---sort of the shape of a razor with a liquid in the handle that went onto a little sponge-like area where the razor surface would be.  This was supposed to erase what was colored, once you primed it.  It's ironic that always the colors barely showed up, this erase did very little to erase the minor bit of color there was.  It worked much better to use the enclosed washcloth, even dry.I'm trying to think of some positive here.  The mat did have good storage areas for the markers and washcloth, and it rolled up well.  IF the colors had worked, it would be a good product.  I wish they had.
This was so unfortunate. The mat is designed very well and is perfect for kids to draw on then roll it up and store it in the closet. I loved the idea of letting the kids have something like this on the floor. Unfortunately, the markers do not show up on the mat so it's useless. This should be pulled until they can replace the sets with the newer markers that work.
This toy is a box full of tiny pieces ready to be lost.  The songs and theme are all about pet fashion and glamour.  I know it is a grooming shop but could not be more frivolous and insulting to little girls (and to groomers!).  Why not Minnie the vet?
My daughter is 17 months and loves to watch me in the kitchen so I thought this would be a great learning tool for her and being Fisher Price, I had high hopes. Boy was I disappointed! First of all, it was very easy to put together but the plastic feels so cheap and flimsy! She has knocked the entire thing down twice just by lightly pushing on it and it's not heavy at all to keep it in place so it's also not sturdy. Another complaint I have is that the picture of the pie in the oven and the backsplash images are printed on cheap CARDBOARD and are only held in by tiny tabs so my daughter has easily removed them and ripped one. Kids can push right through them; Fisher Price would've been better off making these stickers to stick to the flat surfaces so they'd at least stay in place. The purple pan doesn't sit flush on the burner and while I like that it has little hooks to hang up the cups, there should be something to store the dishes and other accessories in instead of having to put them in the oven. But the most annoying part of this kitchen of all is that Dora's voice talks nonstop and the child doesn't even have to do anything to make her talk - the things she says don't even correspond to what the child is doing. If my daughter is playing with the pans on the burners, it talks about the sink. Where's the educational value in that? Also, the Spanish voice sounds muffled and you can't really understand it.The one positive thing I can say is that we do love the accessories and they are made of good quality. It comes with a spatula, cups, plates, pans, and play food such as chicken, macaroni and cheese, and eggs. But I'm sorry I just cant see that this is worth the $50 price tag - the quality is worth maybe $10 if that. So my advice is use the money you'd spend on this piece of junk and put it towards a higher quality set like theStep2 LifeStyle Custom Kitchen II, Brown/Tan/Green. My nieces and nephew have this Step 2 kitchen and it's totally worth the extra money because it's made of heavy duty plastic and is very sturdy and more life like. Sorry Dora, but your kitchen is terrible.
The horse is so creepy when it moves, it's almost funny! Barbie had to give it a sort of heil salute, and then the creepy horse lurches into motion. The movement is jerky, and Barbie is kind of all learning with her arm raised like that.My daughter cried. What more can I say?
Several reviewers seemed to be able to get this product to work well. Good for them. I couldn&#8217;t get it to work right. The facial recognition technology worked a little with the pre-done &#8220;ready-to-wear glam looks&#8221; but these looked more like Mardi Gras or carnival costumes. They didn&#8217;t at all look like real makeup looks. They were ridiculously over the top. When you move your lips, your eyes pop like a cartoon character. And while this was fun and funny for a little while, the novelty wore off quickly. As for the customizable make-up, we couldn&#8217;t get it to work even a little. Before you buy this, download the app and give it a try. It won&#8217;t give you the full experience, but it will give you a little bit of an idea of what to expect. I would give this zero stars if I could.
Disney/Pixar Cars Micro Drifters Trackset seemed like the perfect toy for my grandson who is 3 and LOVES anything CARS!  However, this Micro Drifters Fast Flip Transforming Speedway just didn't execute as it was supposed to. It doesn't use batteries which I thought was a plus until we realized we had to keep on pumping which was tiresome and loud and even then, there wasn't enough "juice" to make the cars go properly.  The flip function is supposed to make it into two tracks as it smartly turns from one to the other with a flip...well, good luck in getting it to flip properly and then work with the cars once you do.  My grandson was excited by it at first when the cars worked most of the time (I say cars as I invested in several Micro Drifters so we would have more than the one that comes with the set).  It didn't take long however for the flipper to not flip so we couldn't use the other track and then the cars didn't work well on the track that remained. Much of the time, they either flew off the track set or got stuck. After a while, my little guy just gave up and being 3, was content to roll these tiny cars around by hand on the floor and push them to race against each other. Thus, the track was deemed useless for the most part and he would have nothing to play with had I not bought extra cars ahead of time. SUCH A DISAPPOINTMENT....the makers should be ashamed!
This toy is a piece of junk.  It didn't last 4 days.  The "plunger" broke (spring came out).Huge pet peeve of mine is making the customer put stickers on the toy.  This is not a model from the hobby shop.  So strike one.  Strike two is cheapo plastic. Strike 3, doesn't even make it past a week.Do not waste your time with this garbage.
First, the box is sealed with industrial strength glue, necessitating a razor be used just to get it open. Wordless instructions are not easy to follow and so light that they are difficult to read. Several of the pieces did not fit together properly which made both assembly and play very frustrating - no child could put this together. While the self-powered accelerator is a big improvement over previous Drifters sets with batteries, it jams every other time. All in all, this is headed to the trash heap asap.
It's hard to rate a toy like this... my son likes it simply because of the "Cars" name, but it's flimsy and works poorly. The cars barely get up the ramp, the track flips accidentally, and you have to keep hammering on the pump to ensure the car gets back through a second time... it's obviously poorly designed. heck, the car that came with it gets stuck in the spinner's exit half of the time. Avoid at all costs.
This isn't the first Micro Drifters playset to grace my daughter's toy collection, but it's definitely the worst.From the nondescript pictograph instructions, to the cheapest-of-cheap plastic, to stickers that don't stay on, everything about the construction of this toy is bargain basement. To make matters worse, the dirt-track-to-race-track conversion is not very well documented at all, and the pieces constantly snap out of place.The only saving grace with this toy is that the car launcher doesn't use batteries. But even there, the launcher assembly takes lots of well-timed pumps to work properly. Unless your kid is an emerging engineer, it's not likely they're going to figure out the right timing and pressure, adding to the frustration of the hopeless construction.This is awesome if you ever find yourself obligated to give a gift to a kid you hate.
I got this free from vine, thank god - if I'd paid a penny for this I'd be livid.  I'm angry just at having it in my house.  It's so bad I can't  even give it away because I think that would be cruel to the receiver.First, putting it together is a nightmare.  The directions have no words and the pictures are completely unclear.  It also comes with the decals separate and you have to actually follow more directions to figure out where to put all the stickers.  I really hate when toy makers make me put on their stickers.Once I finally got it together, I was sure I must have done something wrong or been missing a piece, because in many places it had big gaps where the picture on the box shows the pieces fitting together. I waited for the engineer husband to get home and fix it, but he only confirmed my fears - that the toy was actually as it was supposed to be.Putting aside the rickety, non-fitting nature of the thing, the more important issue is that it didn't work.  You are supposed to push down the red button, slide the car into the cylinder, and it shoots it out the other side.  But at first when we pushed down on the red button, it didn't budge.  It was stuck somehow.  We jiggled it around a bit and got that working - most of the time - but when the car goes in, about half the time it just gets stuck in there.  I had to fish it out with a pencil.On rare occasions when the car did shoot out, on the blue track side it just flew right off the track.  The brown track worked OK.  But the brown track side wouldn't stay flipped down.  You flip it over and it swings right back.  It doesn't hold in place.Now to all this frustration add a whining 4 year old who really wants to play with his new toy.This toy is completely awful.  Don't buy it.
I hate to say this but Disney missed the mark on this one. This would be a great pretend toy if only it had a little help to make it work. The track kept falling apart. When pushing the button down to make the cars go , it did nothing. We tried and tried. After awhile the boys just started pushing the cars on the floor.
I probably shouldn't even review this product ... because I am still ANGRY about all of the time I WASTED trying to get this ABSOLUTE GARBAGE to assemble ... only to find it doesn't do anything it claims to do.  When I saw someone had given this toy a 5-Star rating I almost fell over.  Then, I realized they were a Vine Member.  There is NO POSSIBLE WAY they actually assembled and used this toy before they posted their review.  It is VIRTUALLY IMPOSSIBLE ... because this toy is HORRIBLE ... AWFUL ... TERRIBLE ... SHAMEFUL. Right off the bat I was frustrated when I saw the ridiculous sticker sheet.  I bought a TOY ... not a MODEL.  Why must I waste 15 minutes just to make the toy look like it is pictured?  Grrrrrrrrrr.  Then, as I began to assemble the track, I became even more frustrated because the instructions were nothing more than a group of illustrations with no words.  UGH!  I was positive I was not assembling the track correctly because nothing fit together properly.  So, I told my nephews they needed to wait until their uncle got home so he could help us assemble to track correctly.  The disappointment on their faces was more frustrating than the near-hour I had already wasted.  Low and behold, my husband [A MECHANIC] could not get the track to assemble any more properly than I could.  We told the boys to give it a try in spite of the poor fit.  After several pumps, the spring came out of the booster and it was rendered useless.  The track never did "flip" as it was supposed to.  Time is so precious ... I ONLY WISH I COULD HAVE THE HOUR-PLUS BACK I WASTED ON TRYING TO GET THIS TOY TO WORK.  The manufacturers should be ASHAMED of this product.***** AVOID THIS TOY COMPLETELY! *****
Bottom line is that it does NOT work as described:1) The pump is loud & annoying, since it has to be constantly pumped...and without the desired effect, seems like a complete waste of time & energy.2) Cars either get stuck in the turnabout, or fly completely off the track...no drifting, etc.3) The part of the track that is supposed to turn over, can't because there is no clearance.4) We have the carry case/stadium and the trackset, and both came with Lightning McQueen. If you want Mater, you have to buy a set that as yet another McQueen. I doubt we will bother to get all the drifters because of the multiple McQueens, as well as the lousy performance of the trackset, and the problems with the stadium case.Even if your child is a huge Cars fan, avoid the Drifters product line, or be prepared for a big disappointment.
When my four year old boy saw a picture of this toy, he wanted it.  When I saw that it had ties to Disney and Pixar, I thought well, it should be fun and it should work, so I ordered it as part of the Amazon Vine program.  When it arrived, I handed to my eight year old son, who is very good at assembling these kind of toys (he enjoys and has had a lot of practice in building play train sets over the past several years).  But after about 5 minutes, he informed me that he wasn't interested in trying to build this.  "Well, ok", I thought, "maybe it's a little tough for him, but I'm an engineer.  How tough can it be?"  Below are my thoughts on assembling and playing with this toy.Well, first off it's a lot harder to build than it should be.  The instructions were just pictures and it wasn't always evident what was supposed to be connecting to what.  But worse, the parts don't all fit together well.  But after a short while, I had it assembled and ready to play.  The "special" part of the toy is that when the car goes down one lane, it triggers most of the track to revolve over a different track (there are two different track sections that flip).  When it works correctly, it's really neat.  But because the parts don't fit together well, it usually doesn't work.  Worse, usually only one section of the track flips, and the different track styles don't link, so you have to stop and fix it.  The next problem is that the car is prone to jump the track or get stuck.  Next problem ... the "pumper" has a tendency to jam, so you have to take the top part off and re-install (not difficult but something that happens a lot).  And even when it doesn't jam, it doesn't always work well enough to keep the car running.  Next problem ... the parts snap together, but when you're pumping and playing, some of the parts unsnap themselves, usually messing up the track "flip".  Well you get the picture.If the toy worked as it should, it could be a lot of fun.  But as it stands, it's a huge disappointment and I can't recommend it whatsoever.  Score one for my eight year old; he wasted a lot less time on it than I did.  One star.
This dinosaur toy is an absolute waste of money. I'm not sure I even understand the concept of a dinosaur toy mixed with a matchbox car toy; it seems a little forced. On top of that, the design of the toy is very poor. After playing with it for no more than five minutes, the car ended up stuck in the bowels of the toy and it took me a while to be able to get it out. When the whole toy collapses (a feature about which the box boasts), it is very difficult for a child to reopen it in a way that makes it stay open. I'm not even sure I completely understand why it closes in the first place, except to make it easier to transport, but it is way too easy for the car to trip the gizmo that closes the toy. It's just not very practical for little kids. Our kid loves to play imaginatively so he's been enjoying it, but it's not at all because of the toy itself. It just seems lazy on the part of the toy manufacturer. Sad to say, another plastic dust collector.
I had my grandkids play with this. They were entertained for about 30 mins then wouldn't touch it. Tried to get them to play some of the games and they were more interested in their parent's iPhones. The Display is very pixelated compared to every tablet I've seen. Granted this is a kids tablet it's still priced quite very high for what it is out of the box. I would go with what other reviewers have suggested and spend a bit more to get a Nexus 7 or comparable tablet. Also it comes with very limited amount of content for free (Out of the box). In order to add games you will ave to purchase all through the vendor and a very high cost.
This product is not very well made. When I set it up the plastic part that holds the ballon in place kept falling apart. By the time I got it all together the kids had lost interest. There is nothing worse than a bored kid! LOLWould not recommend!
My five-year-old daughter has been wanting a Leap Pad for about six months now since she played her cousin's, so I was happy to get the opportunity to try this one.  Boy am I glad we didn't spend money on it.The good points of this device begin and end with the ease of set up.  Out of the box, the Leap Pad will be ready to use in about ten minutes of hooking up to the internet and downloading from the Leap Frog website.When my daughter first got the Leap Pad, she dove right into it and played most of the rest of the day, pausing only when we insisted that she give her older sister a turn to satisfy her curiosity.  I was relieved that finally she won't be pestering me for my smartphone all the time.After playing with it again the next day for less than an hour, however, my daughter asked me for my phone again.  By the end of the week she had practically forgotten about the Leap Pad and was right back with the phone.  While giving in and letting her borrow my phone, I decided to see what this Leap Pad is all about.  Didn't take me more than 5 minutes to want my phone back.The package includes nine apps when you initially connect to the Leap Frog website.  Among these are a decent art program, a pet corner and a game that "teaches" the flags and various random useless facts about countries the majority of adults have never heard of.  There is also a calculator, a clock and a couple other apps your average preschooler will never touch.  To the extent she has used it at all since the initial days, my daughter only uses the pet and art apps.The package also includes a $20 download card in order to load more programs from the Leap Frog website.  At first I was pretty impressed.  The apps range from $5 and up and you get a discount the more apps you buy.  The apps include games, videos, ebooks and other sorts of "educational" material.  I was able to get five apps, so I was pretty happy.  At first the new apps didn't download to the device properly and my daughter couldn't find them, but my husband hooked the device back up to the internet and the problem resolved itself.The problem is, the apps are junk.  The games are very simplistic and repetitive.  Among the games we got, there were two themes.  Three of the games involved inserting missing pieces to create a complete tube or waterslide to get from one end of a path to the other.  Two of the games involved patterns of moving objects out of the way to "free" something (a polar bear, for instance).  The one ebook we got was insulting, even for a preschooler's cognitive level and my daughter didn't want to touch it again.I'm sure our mistake was choosing the cheaper alternatives.  I'm guessing that the apps that cost $20 and up may hold your child's attention better.  But who wants to spend that kind of money on a child's toy that already costs nearly $100?  It's just a continual black hole sucking money straight out of your wallet.  You can also choose cartridges which can at least be shared among friends, but they are also expensive and are probably easily lost.Once you set up the device and register your child(ren), Leap Frog will send you periodic updates regarding your child's "progress".  This is to give further credibility to Leap Pad as an "educational learning tool".  The fact is, however, there is little that is educational about this or any other electronic gadget.  Memorizing facts is not "learning".  Age appropriate learning for a preschooler involves hands-on exploration and discovery, pretend play, engagement with parents and other adults, as well as interaction with peers.  None of that is offered - and, in fact, is stilted - by isolated, controlled "play" on a gadget.In any case, in this modern world, electronic gadgets may be nearly unavoidable.  If you really think your youngster needs a gadget, a simple small tablet would probably be a better option.  There are plenty of free games and other apps for tablets.  It may not look as inviting and "child-friendly" as this device with its two extra styluses and Doc McStuffins wallpaper, but it's a much better deal in the long run.Update 3/13/14:  Two other things I forgot to mention.  First, the Leap Pad is equipped with a camera, but it takes such bad pictures, your child will probably not want to use this feature more than once.  Second, on the pet app, your child can wash his/her pet which involves, among other things, blowing into part of the device to dry off the pet, which the kids think is fun, but I find a bit bizarre.  I don't know whether the germ factor bothers me more (especially since it's designed to be shared among up to three kids) or the fact that it's eerily like a breathalyzer.
Previously, my review stated: "This is a cool app and camera case that protects the iPhone from drops while giving our 4 year-old a lot of creative options for how to manipulate pictures after he takes them. Tons of fun so far, but I'm holding back one star because I'm not sure how long it will keep his attention and remain interesting..."But after a couple more uses we noticed several cracks on the rear of the iPhone we'd been using, which we can only relate to using it in this camera case. We followed all the instructions for use, but it seems to put too much pressure on the back of the phone when snapping the case closed. Not cool at all.
I see no real purpose for this, other than to hand more of your money over to a toy company. Your phone is still doing all of the work. The &#34;camera&#34; just serves as a case and of course there is an app to download and use .. on your phone.. since your phone is still doing all of the work.The case itself feels cheap. I thought the green sides would be rubberized and more durable, but they aren't. It's just hard plastic all the way around the case. The piece of thin flimsy plastic that covers the screen can be popped right out.While the app has some nice features and cool stuff to do with pictures, I just find this toy pointless. I would much rather hand my phone to my kid with the Lifeproof or Otterbox etc and allow them to use it that way. You can download all sorts of photo apps and games for free anyway, so why add the bulk of this case just to use an app? You can use the LeapFrog app without the case on too, although when you first setup/install they do make you take a pic of the barcode inside the case to prove that you own it.I would not recommend for anyone to waste their money on this. It is bulky and cheap and serves no real purpose. If you have a good case for your phone, it should be pretty safe as it is. There are tons of apps to download for pics without needing to buy a cheap camera toy case to go along with it.
Pros:physical design appears rugged & it has some larger buttonsIncludes choice of one app from limited listBundled basic apps offer functionality & fun but not long termCons:Physically heavy (at least for my arthritic hands & arms).Value (or lack there of)Wi-Fi worked for one day and then stopped. Have not been able to get it working again.Includes choice of one app from limited listApps from leapfrog's app market very expensive (compared to apps for ios and androidThe value of leapfrog leap pad ultra learning tablet is extremely low and limited.  This is not a more budget conscious kid friendly version of an android or even an Apple iPad tablet.  To me this feels like one of those learning laptops with the little black-and-white LCD screens that were made by VTECH, only with a tablet look that makes kids feel like they have grown-up technology, when, in reality, they are using a child's toy with a mildly techy facade.  And our home the leap pad ultra was used with a fair amount of excitement for an hour or so and then it was just left in the toybox because we can't afford a $7.99 or $30 app and the Wi-Fi was spotty at best (our home Wi-Fi is fairly predictable and doesn't cut out often but the leapfrog just wouldn't communicate nicely after that first hour or so, even though our other wifi devices were chatting away, at their usual speed).My advice is to look at other tablets AND the more rugged cases available for the tablet you choose. The value of the leap pad ultra is minimal the price you will pay for apps and the inability to scale it up as your child grows, without breaking the bank.  What I like so much about it tablets we regularly use at home, is that I can customize them for my son; I can add apps that are appropriate for him & I can set parental restrictions.  The value, the monetary cost, when considering hardware & software purchases lead me to believe that LeapPad Ultra is not a good value, or a bargain, when compared to more expensive hardware because in comparing, side by side, they are probably around equal cost, but LeapPad Ultra has a sort of planned obsolescence built in, in regards to growth and functionality as a child grows and developes, The operation of non-LeapFrog tablets is also more educational because kids are learning how to use a tool/tools that they will likely be using for the rest of their lives,  in some capacity.I realize how LeapFrog makes money with products such as this. Obviously, it's the consumables, and not the initial purchase of the device, that are there bread-and-butter.  I do wish they would've considered the technological savvy and the technology education needed by kids today, in designing their business model for the leap pad ultra as well as the operating system.  Perhaps someday there will be a firmware update that makes this product inherently more usable and scalable for kids of all ages while remaining appropriate and protected.  OL PC did it with their XO laptop and now I believe they're going to do it with their tablet.  I'm just surprised that it seems that leapfrog hasn't looked at other available technologies and similar products to try to figure out how to blow them out of the water. Instead They have pretty much stuck to the same principles of their other products have which are fine (don't get me wrong we have a few LeapFrog products that My son & I adore) but that also doesn't make this a modern tablet and I think many kids especially ones over the age of five will see that this is a toy and it's not really a tablet and the functionality is limited.
Those were the first words out of my 4-year-old granddaughter's mouth when we opened the box. And frankly, I don't blame her.The box promises "Puzzles, games, coloring pages and more". It says there's a 100 page activity book inside. Well... I can't say there's any false advertising here. But it sure was a lot less than we expected.First of all, our idea of an "activity book" is something that typically includes stickers (a big hit with most little kids), various games, and diverse other entertainments, including mazes and coloring pages. The activity book that comes with this set is really nothing more than a coloring book. No stickers; very few other "activities", and those that are there are really extremely lame.The shoulder bag that comes with it is virtually useless other than to transport the "activity book" and the markers.The markers themselves are almost useless. VERY poor ink flow. Lousy quality.The munchkin was bored out of her mind with this set in under ten minutes.If I were buying this set in a store, I'd value it at under ten bucks. As of right now, it's selling here on Amazon for thirty. You're paying for the Disney name, IMO.
The B-Daman Crossfire Break Bomber Battlefield Set is an eye-catching toy, especially with the Thunder Dracyan and Lightning Dravise figures. However, the game's style points are squandered with plastic flimsiness and a lack of replay value.Probably the fastest thing you'll discover about theB-Daman Crossfire Break Bomber Battlefield Setis how quickly it will bore your children. My sons (11-year old and 10-year old) played the game twice, each winning a game, before they asked me if they could stop and go play with something else."It felt like Pokemon and not as strategic as Magic the Gathering," said Kai, my 11-year old. "It isn't as fun as it looks. The game says it is for ages six and up but it really is too simple for kids older than 8."PROBLEMS* The trigger is touchy. B-Da marbles stick in the magazine.* Once the B-Daman figures is loaded with B-Da marbles, the figure is top heavy and easily falls over.* When marbles strike each other, especially the heavier marbles, they tend to fly outside the Break Bomber Battlefield.* The B-Daman figures are not durable. I cautioned my sons to play with them gently but it is easy to see why so many people report the game breaks.Rating: One star.BTW: If the Japanese B-Daman toys seem familiar, that's because the toy industry has become quite adept at squeezing huge profits out of combining animated TV shows and collectible toy sets. For example:*Mighty Beanz*Pog*HeroClix*Bonkazonks*Ninjago*Bakugan*Redakai*Beyblade* and who could forgetPok&eacute;mon?
The game is somewhat similar to connect four in the sense that you're trying to knock three blocks into your opponents quarters, but you're not dropping objects, you're shooting the blocks out with marbles.My son was very excited about the game, after all, what boy doesn't like something which shoots an object? We put everything together, I showed him how to use it, and off we went.Shooting the marbles at the blocks, and knocking them through. A couple of reload timeouts and my bomber broke. There is a piece of plastic which holds in one of the side arms, containing a blue piece of plastic. Once this broke, the blue plastic fell out and the actuator for the marble shooter now malfunctions. The spring just flops all around and the bomber is completely useless.The game is now bundled up in a plastic bag to decide if it'll go in the trash or just be used as a one player game.
This "castle" is not worth five dollars.  The day it arrived, I put it together, noting that it is very prone to being easily broken. The next day one of my two grand daughters came over, we had ordered this together, she was so excited. The dolls do not stand up well, ( I also ordered the set of dolls with mom and dad, boy and sister. I had to help my grand daughter every time she wanted to press them on the platform that allows the dolls to talk or make music. She is 6 years old that is old enough to make an item like this easy for her to handle.Next pieces of the house kept falling off, the dolls cannot stand, or sit on the stairs, chairs . Some of the dolls stand alone the boy dolls stood with difficulty and fell over at the slightest bump.Here is the big kicker, while we were trying to put a piece on the 'castle' that kept falling off the castle fell over and it was so fast my grand daughter went with it falling on the second floor  flooring of the castle with one hand, the floor broke in pieces , not fixable.This toy is a piece of junk, my grand daughter was crying of course, thanks Disney - "When you wish upon a star".... money tells me who you are!60 bucks, a complete and total rip off and 38+ dollars for the set of dolls , can you even imagine, Disney you should be ashamed of yourselves and Amazon don't tarnish your reputation by selling toys from this company anymore.
Junk! Please don't waste your money on this! Your kids will be so excited, because it's Sofia the First and the box makes it look so fun and inviting. However, it is complete junk. It is made of flimsy plastic, that snaps extremely easily. Sofia's head pops off. It only comes with Sophia, a tiny basket that doesn't open, a tiny rabbit and a toy castle and bed. The stairs broke off almost immediatley. The musical stand that you place Sophia on, only works about 25% of the time. I took this toy out of my preschool class because it only served to annoy and frustrate my kids! What a piece of junk!
This is Mattel's second attempt at Sophia's castle, after last summer'sissues-ridden first versionwas finally recalled (purchases of that version on Amazon now seem to link to this one) after Mattel kept having to send out replacement parts.  Purportedly the stairs are sturdier, Sophia's head no longer pops off, and the electrical shorts have been fixed.Not in my experience.My daughters hadn't played with it more than five minutes when the staircase snapped, and the talking part of this talking castle still doesn't work (whether because of lighting or electrical issues - it doesn't matter to a 3yo who just wants to play).  And that's not touching the issue of the excessive number of small parts included.I'm with you, I wanted a fun princess castle for my kids and I don't wanna leave you without options.  With better quality for less money, check out our favorites:Little People Disney Princess Songs Palace(which you can get with Amazon's frustration-free packaging option - sweet!),LEGO DUPLO Cinderella's Castle, andCinderella Magic Clip Castle.  For an extra $10, but much larger and higher-quality castle, tryMelissa & Doug Deluxe Princess Castlewhich, with a few princess stickers, is easily transformed into Sophia's home.  Sure none of them talk, but most of the time neither does Sophia's Talking Castle - even when it's supposed to.
The figure itself is nice enough. And the comb is a good accessory. My three year old daughter, who is way into all things My Little Pony right now, likes to brush the horse's hair. The big problem with this toy, as others have mentioned in their reviews, is in the functionality where the toy is supposed to talk and move around. Others complained that these functions stopped working for them a few days or weeks after they got the toy? For us, it stopped after about 30 seconds. Seriously, the toy was talking and moving when we pressed the button as we took it out of the box, but by the time we had it out it stopped doing any of that. No good. In my opinion the manufacturer needs to pull this product off the market and try again.
This little pony talked for about 10 minutes and then stopped.  We thought it was the battery so put in a new one.  It still did not work so we never got to see if the jumping and flipping worked because - nothing works.  I would really not recommend buying this.
My daughter has never played with this doll since opening it.  She looked at it, checked it out to see what all it did, and that was it.  It is &#34;creepy looking&#34; according to her and has no entertainment value.
After I freed this shooting shield from it's cardboard and wire prison, I looked over the instructions and handed it to my six year old. Before he could even fire a shot, the dart holders had come out of alignment and I have been unable to get them back to their proper position. Now the star in the middle of the shield is stuck in the 'up' position and won't shoot.  Pretty disappointing.
I will probably receive backlash for this review, and I will no doubt be thought extreme by some, but I'm afraid this game is going in the trash.Fun is fun, but a huge percentage of the questions in this game (both &#34;have you ever&#34; and &#34;would you ever&#34;) are simply disgusting. Questions about farting in different places, things done while sitting on the toilet, things coming out of one's mouth or nose including snot or vomit... I'm sorry but these are things I try to get my kids NOT to discuss, let alone playing a game that encourages this kind of conversation, or gives kids ideas about crude or even cruel things to do (for example, &#34;have you ever intentionally fed meat to a vegetarian?&#34;).Some of the questions are clever and/or offer food for thought and might spark interesting discussions, but I would have to weed out so many cards to make this game playable in my household that it's just not worth it.
My kids were so excited to get thees as a birthday present along with the new &#34;Frozen&#34; castle toy.We were very soon disappointed. 3 different people assembled 3 different toys in the order that the instructions outlined.Not one of them has stayed assembled for more than 10 minutes, tops.In less than 18 hours since they were opened and given to the kids we have had to reattach pieces more than a dozen times.The plastic parts are sturdy enough and the detailed features and accessories are adorable.But the annoyance of having of having to repeatedly assemble these items is utterly ridiculous, especially considering the price that they are asking for this $5 hunk of plastic.I'm certain they could do a far better job of engineering these toys.
I rarely write negative reviews., but since this product was sent to me through the Vine program, I feel I have to be completely honest about this product. And my opinion of&#34; Thomas the Train: Take n play Spills and Thrills on Sodor&#34; is that it completely stinks. Please don't waste  your money. Like my nephew did, your child will get their hopes up about a cool new toy, only to open up the box to a piece of junk. Assembly was a total mess. The plastic is weak and can easily snap. It does not stand up on it's own. It's completely lopsided and has to leaned up against a wall or piece of furniture unless you want to attach it to a wall??! It only comes with one train.  And &#34;paint splatter&#34; feature is ridiculous and does not work, it does not attach to the train as it travels through and it's a choking hazard.  I can recommend lots of Thomas the Train toys, but definitely not this one.
If you have a larger collection of Thomas track into which you can plug this item, it might actually be some fun.  On its own, you just lean it against a wall -- yes, it doesn't come with a stand! -- and let Thomas race down the track, knocking into and over various objects.  That might be worth two stars, if it weren't for the fact that the track isn't particularly well made and, often as not, Thomas wipes out.  We've had some fun setting up such crashes and discussing the fiery aftermath, but really, that can only be fun for so long.....As I said, this might be fun if you have lots of other stuff, but stand alone?  No, it can't.
I put it together and I have to say it is flimsy and I don't see long term use coming from it. I expected it to be more sturdy since it is a Fisher-Price toy. My two grandsons played with it over the weekend, they enjoyed the track for a while but because it kept falling down they lost interest in it and just played with the cars. My family has enjoyed Fisher-Price toys for generations because they have always been very durable toys. All I can say is What Happened Fisher-Price?
If you are looking for an excellent toy to give to your kids, try something else. If you need some overly complicated nonsense that falls apart as the package is being opened, but a lll means, by a few of these.
To even use this, you will have to purchase a minimum of two action figures at an average price of $10 to $15 each.The product description page fails to mention that this toy is not only a choking hazard, which I was aware of, but that it is also a strangulation hazard, which I believe makes the recommended  minimum age of 3 years much too young, this toy should only be accessible by children of 6 years of age or older.The ladder shown in the commercials is not included, and the replay value of this toy is prettylow, there is only so many times that a kid is going to enjoy launching the (not included) action figure at either another (not included) action figure, or at the fake toy television screen. Not to mention that without the (not included) toy ladder, the odds of your child being able to successfully knock down anything other then the fake television screen are pretty slim as the launch angle does not allow you to aim at an action figure standing in the ring.My recommendation, pass on this one, it is basically a glorified piece of plastic junk, that requires even more expensive plastic junk to use.
Mattel attempted to use less packaging which is commendable and all the pieces fit in the frame's base.  But, putting all the pieces back in just right and keeping the frame from getting scratched  without some protection is a hassle.  I had high hopes for this game because the overall concept is good but there are just so many frustrating elements that I can not recommend it.  The clear part of the frame does not easily wipe off and leaves smudges.  Having to get out the 409 every time the included marker is used is really a drag.  I would suggest trying another type marker that might wipe off better.  My two kids had to adjust the rules since it is really set up for more players but the card topics still did not facilitate fun play.  I gave it one star which means &#34;I hate it&#34;.  That pretty much sums it up.
I have to say this toy did not go over well with my kids.  From my point of view, it is very one dimensional.  There is just one layout, just one way to use this.  For me, a far better toy would allow creativity in setup and play.  I loved my hot wheels track as a kid, but this just doesn't lend itself to any creative reconfiguring of the track.For my kids, they found slamming on the launcher painful and less than effective.  The trigger to make the robot explode was too stiff for the truck to actual set off when launched and after a few attempts it was abandoned.  Within 15 minutes, both had said &#34;Meh,&#34; and went back to other toys.Pros+ The Monster Truck is OK.Cons- Kind of a waste of plastic- Cannot be reconfigured- Limited functionality (slam and set truck off on 14 inch run.- Trigger button not sensitive enough for the car to strike and set off.- Kids did not like it.Summary.This was a disappointing product both to me and my kids.  Try out bigger sets with lots of track and the ability to creatively reconfigure you track.
Wow, this is really one of the worst toys ever, and I feel I am pretty easygoing and forgiving when it comes to toy ratings. Talk about a pointless toy. You put the car on the &#34;stairs&#34; and then push it up to the top and let it go down where a big alligator chomps down on the car which the car tries to knock a piece of &#34;gold&#34; out of the alligator's mouth.Except all that part about the alligator? It doesn't work. Sure, if you manage to hit it just right, maybe it kind of grabs the car, and you're supposed to send another car (not included) to the rescue. That car hits the alligator in the eye to kind of reset the whole thing.If it worked and did something cool, that would be one thing. But it doesn't work the way it's supposed to very often, and what it doesn't isn't cool, it's just kind of pointless.Move along, move along -- there's nothing to see here.
I wasn't expecting much from this, but I certainly expected more than I saw when it arrived.Plastic is just awful, it's the type of incredibly hard plastic that splits and cracks if you just look at it wrong.  And since this has to be pried open and spun around a hinge by kids, that seemed the absolute wrong choice of materials.The build quality is horrible.  The &#34;elevator&#34; is a really poorly done telescoping rectangle of plastic, and when everything is closed, there's no place to store it that lets this sit flat.  When you close the clamshell sides to store the unit, you can't close it with that inside the castle, it has to be protruding out the bottom. But it doesn't &#34;nest&#34; into the bottom so it's flush on the bottom edge either.Only one piece really &#34;snapped&#34; into place with a sound and feel that it was going to stay there.  Everything else pushed but never seemed to engage and lock.Closing the clamshell sides leaves you pushing the centerline up and down a bit to engage the pegs that hold it shut, since they don't easily line up on their own.And it's tiny.  Which is good for someone with a kid with a lot of toys, since this is easy to store, but it's so small it seems almost a caricature of what someone would want to play with.Someone mentioned happy meal quality, but in all honesty I wouldn't even go that high in my estimation.  Most of those seem to last forever, since my son still has toyboxes full of those things that never break.  I wouldn't expect this to last anywhere near as long.Had it been under ten dollars, then I may have given it two stars, maybe even three for that price, but at the high price asked for this, even one star is pushing it.
I am not impressed with this toy. Sure, it lights up really nice with all of that translucent plastic and looks pretty, but that's the only positive thing I can say about it. The scale is too small - even for the included figures. A castle should have much more space than this. This is more of an igloo. Just how much time can a little girl have her doll look in a mirror or sit in a chair? This toy will have very limited re-playability for most kids (unless it is their ONLY toy). Everything feels very cheap and fragile, and nothing stays together well. The lights are just a gimmick to lure in more buyers. This product is, unfortunately, like many other Disney toys in that it has been cheaply made. I have no doubt this thing will break in short order. Please don't support Disney through the purchase of this cheaply-made gimmick. I'm sure you can find better ways to spend $35.00 (like on the Blu-ray of this movie).
My kids were so excited to get thees as a birthday present along with the new Sophia vacation castle toy.We were very soon disappointed. 3 different people assembled 3 different toys in the order that the instructions outlined.Not one of them has stayed assembled for more than 10 minutes, tops.In less than 18 hours since they were opened and given to the kids we have had to reattach pieces more than a dozen times.The plastic parts are sturdy enough and the detailed features and accessories are adorable.But the annoyance of having of having to repeatedly assemble these items is utterly ridiculous, especially considering the price that they are asking for this $5 hunk of plastic.I'm certain they could do a far better job of engineering these toys.
I received these at no cost in exchange for writing a review. I threw them away within minutes of receipt and wish I could have rated this product 0 stars. Here's why.1. There is an overpowering chemical stench from this product. I smelled something as soon as I opened the envelope containing the plastic bag these were sent in. Once I opened the plastic bag the stench almost gagged me. I thought I was in a tire factory.2. These are made in China, so no way would I let my 11 month old grandson chew on them. Nor would I let him or my 3 year 2 month old granddaughter handle them because of the stench. I have no idea what chemicals might transfer to them.3. Aside from providing a product that is unsafe, the seller doesn't make clear that while you get 12 dinosaurs, there will be four duplicates. I know the picture on Amazon shows only 8 dinosaurs, but I thought that was just a representative sampling, not an indication that four duplicates would be sent. To me that's deceptive advertising.4. An additional deception is that these are NOT &#34;large jumbo&#34; dinosaurs, as other reviews point out. The seller carefully avoids listing any dimensions--typical of a seller trying to pull a fast one on unsuspecting consumers.5. Finally, not all the dinosaurs stand up properly.NOTE: This same product has been sold for the past few years elsewhere on Amazon: 12 piece Large Assorted Dinosaurs - Toys 5-7&#34; Larger Size Dinosaur Figures. Numerous reviews on that site complain about the exact same things I do--chemical stench, four duplicate dinosaurs, dinosaurs not being large, and dinosaurs that don't stand. I have no idea whether the two sellers are connected and the same dinosaurs are being marketed on this site in an effort to conceal all the negative reviews on the other site, though that wouldn't surprise me.Bottom line: DO NOT BUY this for your children. Anything with a strong chemical stench should be avoided, particularly if it is made in China.
I've played with K'nex construction sets in the past with the kidlets - most recently put together a suspension bridge and they are fun.  However, in this particular incarnation, K'nex is trying to be like Legos, and they failed miserably.Apparently the K'nex people didn't realize that the same people who buy Legos would be attracted to this product due to its similarities and didn't pay attention to how clearly the Lego instructions are laid out.  With the K'nex instructions (all graphics, no words) it wasn't clear if you were supposed to use two of one item or if the arrow between the items meant that you were moving the piece in that direction.  It wasn't clear if you were using two really tiny pieces or one tiny piece in certain sections.  I am the family instruction reader so I know good instructions from bad, and these could have been much clearer graphically.One of the main problems, though, was that the blocks didn't lock together very tightly in instances when they had to overlap rather than be exactly on top of one another, and the design didn't allow for reinforcement of those weak spots, as the Lego constructs are designed to do.  We never actually got the car fully put together because it would break in half before we could put the top section on; after five attempts we just gave up on it.I would reiterate the manufacturer's warning about a choking hazard.  There are a lot of very small pieces in this kit that would be dangerous to small children.  And some of those pieces were very tiny and easy to drop.  It didn't seem as though the package contained any extra pieces to possibly compensate for those that might drop and disappear in carpets.I have to agree with the other reviewers that it was amusing that the there were instructions for assembling the Peter character, when he came fully assembled, and that in order to place him within the car you have to remove the lower half of his body.  I don't watch the TV show "Family Guy" so I can't comment on whether a toy based on that program is age-appropriate; to me it was just a K'nex toy that I thought the kidlets might like.So, in summary, don't waste your money.  While the plastic pieces appear to be well-made, the same care wasn't taken in the creation of the instructions or the interlocking design for the car.  If you can't actually make it stay together, it's rather useless and becomes just an exercise in frustration.  As the kidlets told me to tell you folks, "this one gets a bad review".
For starters I would like to mention this is not my fist experience with K'nex products. In the past I have ordered a couple Mario Kart sets for my kid, as well as some KISS and The Beatles Yellow Submarine figurine sets. My experience with the brand had been great so as a fan of Family guy, I did not hesitate to order this. I would love to tell you the experience was great but I am afraid I can't, this set was so frustrating that my kid simply did not care about finishing it, nor did I.The first problem I encountered was the instructions, we have plenty of LEGO sets (which my kid loves) and we have never struggled with the instructions like we did with this one. The manual tries to differentiate the pieces you need to add from the ones you already added by using red and gray colors; the problem is, there are gray pieces, so there was a point in which we skipped two pieces because of this. As you can see, the top of the car is a red cardboard, as odd as that was for me, I expected some kind of hard material that could make this more durable and was disappointed when I found the cover to be a very flimsy piece of cardboard.If this was not enough, the design has very notorious structural flaws, when we were putting it together I kept wondering how this would stand together once completed, the answer? It simply doesn't. When the time came to add the cover to the top of the car, it broke into pieces. At that point, my kid had lost any interest and left me there with a broken set. Stubborn as I am, I kept trying to figure out a way to put it together, I was finally able to, only for it to break again.So, save your money and get a LEGO set instead; true, they do not have the Family Guy license, but even as a collector this set is not worth it. For some reason, K'nex included a Peter Griffin figure wearing a gray suit instead of his characteristic green pants and white shirt&#8230; wait, K'nex does have that figure, in a sold-separately set&#8230; I see what they did there...
Why do I keep doing these things to myself?  Why do I continue to snatch up things for the kids that I know are going to be complete disasters?  It&#8217;s like I&#8217;m a glutton for punishment.  The kids look at the box and rejoice because I bought them that thing they saw on TV and then five minutes later it&#8217;s all fallen apart, the living room is a mess and they are disappointed because it was nowhere near as cool as it was supposed to be.This was a mess.First, it&#8217;s a onetime shot.  You cannot restock your play-doh so once you squirt, there is no going back.  This was a problem almost immediately, since my three year old just started squirting without letting me explain how to work this thing.  Then, the problem with actually having it stick to the canvas (which is just a cardboard sheet, which is rather small) arose.  It just doesn&#8217;t work very well, and then it dries and falls off.  The ability to make something cool just does not exist with this.  It is basically a messy diversion for ten minutes while your kids find squeezing play-doh out of a gun to be cool and then give up and walk away.  A waste of time and money and certainly one of the dumber things that play-doh has come up with.Cheap, tacky and pointless.
I bought this for my kids because they are obsessed with play-doh. I thought that this might be a nice change from the usually rolling out the doh and using a cookie cutter. The gun was really easy to use. And that was probably the only good thing about it. The doh doesn't stick to the picture frame at all. No matter how careful you are, the designs just don't come out right. There isn't enough doh to complete the whole project. It doesn't dry overnight like it's supposed to. Pieces were just falling off. I was just very disappointed with the whole thing.
I guess I didn't really know what this product would be when I selected it, but I was sure disappointed when we opened it.  There are four tubes of "Deco Pop" (basically, Play-doh in a tube) that are perhaps slightly larger than lipstick tubes.  When you remove the caps, each tube has a small opening.  There is a "styler" that looks vaguely like a hot glue gun.  You put the Deco Pop tube in the styler, push the trigger, which pushes the base of the Deco Pop tube, which in turn extrudes the colored dough.The dough is meant to be extruded onto the picture frame pieces included in the set (there are about five separate pieces).  There are color coded dotted lines, curly-cues, flowers and other designs that your child is supposed to follow, so there is zero creativity involved.  Extruding the dough over all the lines will take your child about 15 minutes.  Then they can assemble it into a picture frame.  The dough is supposed to harden on the cardboard picture frame for permanent use.  Done.  Fun is over (unless, of course, you want to spring for more Deco Pop tubes, but for the price of this 15 minutes of fun, it's not something I'd recommend).The only good thing for me is that I didn't spend my own money on this.  I recommend that you not spend yours either.
It look interesting and fun in the beginning but my granddaughter became quickly frustrated. The tower is flimsy and awkward to use. The entire project was hard to use especially trying to squeeze the tubes needing two hands and more likely three. I don't like to give bad reviews but in all honesty I am being generous by giving the DohVinci Flower Tower one star. Disappointed.