I was super excited to open up my Party Gras game at my party. I thought it would be a lot of fun but it was a little too simple to keep people interested. The entire premise of the game is you all start off with the same amount of beads and you pick a task from a limited amount of cards to try to get other people to do. If they do the task then you get their beads. There are not a lot of cards so if you want repetitive play it won't last long because you will have the advantage over everyone else because you will know all of the cards.  Many of the tasks are really simple and does not keep your attention so it gets boring really quickly. Also you must have 4 players to play this game so if you have a small family and just want to play it will not work.This game is fun for a little but I think it is more suited to be an icebreaker game for people who want to get to know each other.
If you're an obsessive fan of all the new B effort motion pictures and direct-to-video sequels being pumped out by the Disney studio, then you're likely to be very pleased with this game, which seems to give a lot more attention to Bolt and the newest Winnie the Pooh cash-in than the classic masterpieces that made Disney a household name in the first place.  Few and far between are My Play and All Play questions relating to the classics, instead utilizing the game as a sort of advertisement for all the garbage that isn't already in your video collection.Add to this a thoroughly lackluster presentation (at least the disk loads faster because there aren't any impressive sounds, images, and effects to cue), and I give Disney a C-/D+ for their efforts here.  It works, and some families are going to enjoy it, but those of us who think of Snow White and Beauty and the Beast when we hear the name "Disney" aren't going to have much use for this game.
DVD games are a real mixed bunch. Sometimes they are good, sometimes they are bad. But when they are bad, they tend to be horrible. My kids really enjoy the little mini-games the come as extras on some movie DVDs, so I thought I would give this game a shot. While it is not the worst game I've ever played, it ranks pretty close.The pacing of this game is just too slow. I got bored, my kids got bored, and in the end we just pushed on to say that we finished. I don't think we even got excited about a winner. Don't get me wrong, I think that if the family sat down to do this as a Christmas chat type activity, it would be better. We just sat down to play it (we were too busy to play during the holidays) and there just wasn't any magic. I think that a game should be fun no matter when you play it, so I am not taking the "Christmas Magic" into account in my rating.Overall: If you need a family activity for Christmas time, you could do worse than this. Just do not think that this is a game that you will get out often (or even every Christmas). As with most DVD games, replay value is very limited.
This game has all the bells and whistles that are perfect for 6 & 7-year-olds: bunnies, carrots and hot pursuit to the top of the bunny hill!Unfortunately, the "holes" are pretty predictable, and anyone can easily figure out how to avoid them. We played and played the game and not a single person's bunny was lost. Until we began to TRY to get them sunk.Since the first day we got it, there has been no child-driven interest in playing this game again.I am so glad that I didn't pay for Funny Bunny, I would have felt ripped off.
I thought this looked like so much fun, but I'm really disappointed.  When the balls pop out they either come back down on the edge of where they came out and fly across the room or, as they come down, another ball is coming out and they hit each other and both fly across the room.  Within five seconds, every ball is out of the ball popper and the baby is left there waiting for something to happen.  When he realized the show is over, he crawls off unamused.
I bought this toy for my daughter when she was just learning to sit up as an incentive to learn to maintain a sitting position for a while.The good:--my daughter loved it!  It was fun and kept her attention for 15 minutes or so (at a young age, that is quite a feat!)The bad:--the balls really pop out of this thing and if have hard floors, they will go bouncing and rolling around.  Plan on spending a lot of time chasing after them if you child can't/won't get them herself.--there is no good way to dislodge things that get stuck in this toy.  Like most kids, my daughter thought it would be *super* to see what else would fit down the hole and I spend a good amount of time trying to dislodge a cotton ball from the inner workings.--this is not the quietest toy in the world.  While the toy isn't designed to make "fun" noises, the fan motor is fairly loud.--the fan motor gave out after a few months.
I have passed by this toy countless times in the isles of Wal-mart, but never felt the need to purchase it. Well, my 10 month old son received it for Christmas and it's fast become my least favorite toy. There is no volume control, which is a huge bummer since this plays extremely loud music, and the fan that pushes the balls up sounds like a blow dryer. Very loud.The worst thing though is the balls pop up so hard and fast that they fly all over the place. My son seems to enjoy the balls popping up and cycling through the toy, but I have to sit there with it and keep my hand over the top to prevent the balls from flying all over, otherwise, they go everywhere and he just loses interest. We have light carpeting and they still manage to roll under furniture or across the room.In the end, I'd say avoid this. It's definitely not worth the trouble. Way too noisy and too much work. I think I'm gonna put it away till he's a bit older, and can chase after the balls himself. I'm just thankful I listened to my gut and didn't spend my own money on this colossal pain-in-the-rear!
If you plan to give this as a gift, be sure to include the required batteries and some colored pencils. You'll also need a screwdriver to open the battery compartment. Not exactly ready to go out of the box.Unless your child is really into fashion and tracing, this will probably have limited appeal. There are only so many combos you can make.All three examples on the Ravensburger box have been colored in are Caucasian. How about a little ethnic variety, there, Ravensburger?If you want to save about $10 and come a little closer to true fashion design in terms of picking out and mixing up fabrics, the American Girl Doll folks have created a craft book that my daughter *loves* and plays with time and time again:http://www.amazon.com/Paper-Doll-Fashion-American-Girl/dp/1593696922/ref=sr_1_1?s=books&ie;=UTF8&qid;=1343828734&sr;=1-1&keywords;=paper+doll+fashion+funBottom line, others have praised features such as portability, and it's true that this might be half decent toy to take on a trip (if you pack pencils) where options are limited. In general, I don't think the long-lasting appeal (or really, the lack thereof) justifies the bother of buying extra components and paying this price.
Okay you need batteries to use this. It makes sense because you have to have light and shadow to trace. But Jebus on a Cracker, I am so tired of everything needing batteries and I REALLY wish more toy companies would send starter batteries with a toy. Let me know that is the case in the description and I'll be happy to pay a bit more to cover the cost. trace the This has a bunch of different This might sound a bit whiny, but what the heck.It worked all right. I wish the flat radius to trace on was wider and longer. You know, there was more space. Not a bad toy. But I would not buy it as a gift for another kid.
I thought this would be a great toy for my 6-yr-old.  Boy was I wrong. It was played with for about 20 minutes, then never touched again.  I tried a couple different cartridges in hopes that the new themes would help spur interest, but to this day, instead, the leapster lays on a shelf collecting dust. Neither of my children found it very interesting. The 3-yr-old found it too difficult to understand. The now 7-yr-old never had much interest in it ever.  I liked it- and played with it for several minutes to try and get the kids interested in it. No luck.
We have gone through (operative words "gone through") tons of remote control vehicles over the years.  This one was mediocre at best.  The main thing is that it wasn't that well made, so it didn't last long, even for a remote control vehicle.  Circles are fine, I suppose, but we couldn't get this to go straight after the first few uses.  The battery issue was a non-issue for us, as we use rechargeables for everything.  AND we're not talking about rough use, certainly not even what it was advertised to do.  But it just didn't want to hang in there for very long, and even after being given a fix-up by Grandpa, it was not very cooperative.As a side note, if you're going to give it a try (and many people got ones that operated fine), then make sure it's for a younger child, no older than 5 or 6 at the most.  Doesn't last that long, and doesn't do that much.  Would have delighted a 3 or 4 year old, though. (with an adult "helping" to operate it, and assuming you get one that works for longer than ours did).
I was worried from the beginning when I received a banged up brown cardboard box with the car and remote thrown in plastic bags inside.  No packaging.  No instructions. Nothing.  I removed the car and it was covered in dust.  My first thought was that it was used, but after inspecting the wheels, I don't think it was because they were perfect.I put batteries in the remote and let my son play with it.  At first it was fun.  He ran it around the house and then outside, but within about an hour, the remote stopped working.  Changing batteries did no good at all.  Save your money.
This is a cool-looking toy and, based on the description of what it is does and cool look, my son was super-excited to try it out. While he's below the age-range this is aimed at, he was using it with his dad, and is a remote-control pro, having successfully used a large variety of remote-control toys, including things like helicopters that are also rated well above his age range.That being said, this was tricky for him to maneuver, as the control unit is non-intuitive. Even my husband had trouble getting a feel for it and, once they did, were disappointed in the slow speed and lack of maneuverability this supposedly "amphibious" unit possessed.  Trying to use it outdoors was basically a no-go, as less than an inch of snow stymied it. Inside, on flat (uncarpeted) surfaces, it still could gain little speed and lost "sight" of its remote control unit in as little as 10-15 feet away from the user. A much shorter distance than other remote control toys we've used.Still, it was only mildly disappointing until day three when, like others I see here, our control unit stopped working on one side only. Just wouldn't function at all, despite no damage or mis-use of the product. That, combined with the fact that this is a battery hog even for a remote control toy, means I can't recommend this one, at all.
The WOW Harry Copter's Animal Rescue Safari Vehicle (that's a helicopter, people) would be a great set, if it wasn't for the fact that it  has some definitely quality control issues. Like so many others are reporting, the helicopter rotor has issues and now doesn't spin all the time when you pull the trigger. You can hear that it's not catching the way it should, so I'm guessing there must be some gear that strips with even moderate use. They call it a sturdy handle in the product description, but the mechanism behind it surely isn't.It's a shame too, because my two year-old daughter loves this toy. She loves the little animals which attach to the rescue copter via a magnet, she loves the little doctor pilot figure (Dr. Harry Copter, I presume...) and she loves the rescue copter itself. As much as she loves it though, it's hard to recommend any toy that isn't going to last even two weeks.
First impression:  It doesn't come assembled?!  See all those cute penguins in the picture?  Each one of those play things comes in three not-so-easy to assemble pieces.  I put the set together by myself and it took about 30 minutes -- no small thing with a couple of kids who are eager to play.When assembled, the kids eagerly attacked the game.  You can probably deduce the general idea just from the photo:  Balance as many penguins on the oh-so-slippery iceberg as you can, and if they fall, you collect all those who fall off the mountain.  The last person with any penguins wins.  Gameplay usually takes about 5 minutes if you've got a REALLY STEADY hand.  If you're playing with the intended audience (little ones) gameplay will be frustratingly quick.  My kids played with me once.  In fairness, I've tried to get them to play with me again, but I think we've pretty much explored all this game has to offer.  Maybe my sales pitch for a second go hasn't been all that convincing...Ravensburger rarely misses, but this is a stone-cold strike-out.
My main complaint with this item is that the ball sorta lazily hang next to the post with little clearance; to get it to stick out like the picture, you need to wail on it pretty hard; it's very difficult for a 6 year old to learn with. Even trying to adjust the ball's height is difficult because it slides down the line.Fortunately, the kids like hitting things with the bat, hence two stars instead of one.
I have two main problems with this toy.  First, it's made of very thin plastic, which means it's just flimsy overall.  It's several pieces of a thin plastic piping that fit together (just one inside the the other) to make the T.  I just can't see it holding up to much abuse.Second, from the picture it appears that the ball is on some sort of wire that sticks out and swings around when hit.  Not so.  It is on a string - but it's not actually string, it's a small piece of plastic or vinyl-like tubing.  So it doesn't stick out like in the picture - the ball just flops down.  You are supposed to wind it around the pole, and then hit it as it unwinds.  However, the string is very short and the ball is held in the middle of it, so the ball is actually only a few inches from the pole.  It looks quite a bit further from the pole than it actually is, at least the one we have.  So you're swinging at a ball that is just turning slowly around a flimsy plastic stick and which is never more than a few inches from the pipe.  Not much to aim at, and most of the time my kid just whacked the pipe.  Also not much fun to hit the ball, since it can only wind a few times around the pole.  I really just don't see the point of this - it's not any kind of good hitting practice and it's not any fun.  As a T, the top is very small and the ball has to be balanced carefully, so it is far inferior to others with a wider place to set the ball.The only good thing about this toy is the bat.  The bat is actually very good quality.  Sturdy, and well cushioned, so that even when my kid batted me by accident, it didn't hurt.  It's the only part of the toy that didn't feel just really cheap.
I realize I have a taller than average child, but I cannot see this size working for any child over the age of 5.  Also, it's very cheaply made and is frustrating to use.  The ball becomes entangled which means I'm spending my time untangling instead of watching my girl have fun.  It needs a lot of improvements.
The picture makes it look like the ropes have some rigidity to hold the ball out to be hit. They don't. It's just elasticized cord. No matter how hard we (adults) hit the ball, we couldn't get it to swing back around with enough force to be far enough out to hit without hitting the pole too.We've switched this to a modified t-ball post. We cut one of the strings off the ball, but left the other attached, so the ball can't go far when hit. We also use only some of the sections of the post, to get it to the right height. But even with a base full of water and a preschooler at the bat, it topples over far too easily. The yellow plastic post sections are flimsy and hard to put together.It's not a complete waste of space, and i don't know what else is on the market, but i would not recommend this product.
I got this to help a 7 and 8 year old build eye hand coordination and confidence. The 7 year old is starting baseball this year. The 8 year old has played for a year. The description says it's good for ages 3-8, but the lower end is more correct. This is plastic. It kept falling over. It's not well constructed or very sturdy. The ball doesn't hang out in space like the picture shows. It sort of droops. It was fun for them to hit it and knock it around, but that is not the purpose, is it? I like the idea of this, but think investing in a better made product is the way to go.
I had seen these things before, though neither I nor my kids had ever tried one out. With the toy's numerous awards and positive reviews, I really had my expectations set high for this - too high, as it turns out.The toy/vehicle was quite easy to assemble (you could really figure this thing out with no directions, but consult them first, anyway). I had it put together in about five minutes. No tools necessary, no delicate decals to affix, no batteries to install, no measurements to make or things to cut or anything difficult at all. Great so far! Now to test it out.I sat on this thing and tried to operate it to show my kids how to do it. (I had watched the demonstration video, online, so I knew what to do.) I couldn't get the thing to move at all across the linoleum floor. OK. Not a problem. Let's try the concrete floor in the garage. Maybe there's not enough friction on the clean linoleum for it to gain traction, right? I had some little success in the garage, but I was still barely outpacing a snail. I began to think I was too heavy for it to work. (I weigh 175 and the toy says it accomodates up to 250 pounds, so I assumed I would be fine. According to the manufacturer, you can put some pretty hefty kids on this thing, but maybe they were exaggerating...)I had my 75-pound middle school student get on it and give it a try. With a starting push, she could maintain the momentum for a time, but the thing just moved sooooo slowly! I was pretty disappointed. Not one of my three kids could get the thing moving without a push-start from their own legs or someone else in the family. The turning radius on this thing was extremely wide (about what you'd expect from a bicycle more than a tricycle), as well.All in all, I was greatly disappointed by the PlasmaCar. I can see why it received such high rating for safety. If you are only six inches off the ground and traveling at about 1 mph, you're pretty safe if you take a fall! In an effort to make the toy safe, it seems all possibilities of having fun with it was engineered right out of it. A perfect car for liberal, politically correct parents to give to their children!Don't believe the hype! This toy looks cool and fun but is neither. I wouldn't recommend this toy to anyone with kids over age 3. Just buy your kids a tricycle, instead, so they can race circles around any neighborhood kid who is stuck on one of these.
I was really excited about getting the chance to review this because I was and still am a pretty big R/C fan (loved my TRAXXAS Stampede, probably my favorite R/C car!).First impression, pretty awesome and much larger then I expected. Standing a good foot tall and 14" long, the R/C bike is well painted and detailed, it's even riding on Pirelli tires!The bike is built like a tank. Run this baby into a wall at full speed and there is barely a scratch on it. The antenna that is attached to the bike is well thought out because it has a swivel design, that way if it flips over or goes under a truck it just wont snap off. I've broken many antennas because of the lack of this sort of feature.However there are a lot of issues I have with this bike.First off the controls are a joke. Not once have I experienced such a lack of response and control from an R/C vehicle. I (a 24 year old) gave it all the chance in the world, but no go. And it's not like I'm inept or my motor skills are lacking... if you can control a 60+ mph R/C car, you should be able to control this thing, right?Second thing, IF you are able to get the bike to balance and go straight for longer then two seconds, you need a ton of space to drive this thing around. An empty parking lot would be just about right.Third thing, bumps, loose gravel, chip-sealed roads, or ANY other obstacle will cause the bike to loose control and crash. Even on low cut grass I wasn't able to get it to work.Forth thing, you need to "launch" it which gets old really quick. What you have to do to launch it is give it a slight push off each and every time. What they should have done was included a feature (like some flaps that fold out or something) that stabilizes the bike when stopped or at really low speeds. This would eliminate the need to launch it.And fifth and final thing, not once during the whole time I've had to play with it was I able to execute a wheelie with any degree of success.I wouldn't call myself an expect, but I've played with quite a few R/C vehicles and this one just does not stand up, even to some $50 cheapo vehicles.In the end, if you are thinking about buying this as a gift for your kid, grandchildren, or whoever, don't! Save your money and get a "real" R/C car or bike that actually works. They'll be happier and have a ton more fun.Pros:Built like a tank.Detailed.Comes with everything (batteries, charger, etc.)Cons:Steering/controls are a joke and don't work properly.Doesn't handle off-road at all, even short grass or hard packed dirt.The constant need to "launch" the bike gets old REALLY fast.You need a ton of space to drive this thing, even then it seems like it's not enough.Wheelie feature never worked for me.Price. For an item in this price category I'd expect it to work well without error.Made in China... need more US made toys!And to you Tyco RC, you have yet again disappointed me with the quality of R/C vehicle you make.
What can one expect from a game that comes packaged in what looks like a box of cereal? Good question.The goal is to draw cards which command you to do certain things, such as say 'Boo' or act like an owl or walk and sound like a chimp. Then the next player does what you did plus what the next card commands and so it goes until someone messes up. At that point, those who did not mess up advance on the board and the guy/gal who did bad goes backwards as far as the throw of the die decides. Then you play another turn, and another, until someone reaches the finish line.After playing with 2 of my kids of 'pre-tween' age, one liked it moderately and the other disliked it moderately. I didn't find it much fun but I'm a grownup and the game wasn't targeted at me.However, what a grown up CAN do is judge the game from a design, clarity, originality and quality of materials point of view.The game looks and feels like it was made in a hurry. The rules are quite vague. For example, you are told that at the end of each turn you advance on the board as many steps as 'action cards' you hold but it does not tell you what you do with them after the turn is over. Do you keep them and you count them again on your next turn? It's not clear. Is 'skip a turn' an action card?The game looks as it was done on the cheap. The box is thin cardboard, consistent with the 'cereal box' aspect. The colors quite uninspired - think about how yellow, orange and light brown blend together. The cards are cheap paper too and the 'artwork' is not unlike the free Microsoft Word or PowerPoint clip art. The game board is even less original.To recap: the idea is moderately original, the rules are a bit vague, the design effort is non-existent, the quality of materials is poor.
ridiculous game that we never fully understood. my son did a few suggestions from the cards. It held his interest for about 5 minutes. This is a game you could probably play for free if you are creative enough. Save your money.Also, some of the suggestions were stupid and not always for kids.
We didn't play this game immediately after receiving it.  It was intended to be a Christmas gift for one of our family.  It sat, safely hidden, on a closet shelf away from the kid's eyes.  However, nothing is safely hidden from their eyes!We opened and played the game.  I'm happy we didn't save it to be a gift.  It isn't a well made game in terms of quality.  The cards and the board are far from Monopoly quality.  We often play a game called Indian Signs which is similar.  (Everyone makes up a sign such as sticking out a tongue, wiggling ears, etc., with the same premise as Repeat Pete.  Memorize each player's sign and repeat them whenever your sign is given by another player.)  It is free and just as much fun.The youngest of the kids enjoyed it (6-8 years old), the older ones (10-12 years old) have no interest in playing again :-(.  It is not a game that many adults will like for more than a few minutes.It is a game that you might be able to use to entertain youngsters for a few hours on occasion, but not one you are going to want to get out as a party staple.
I actually had high hopes for this game, however once we started playing it those hopes completely disappeared.The rules of the game are very simple, draw a card, do the action on the card, go to next player, repeat until someone messes up.The problem I have with the game is that it doesn't require much skill or knowledge. The people playing were a 24 year old male, 53 year old female, and a 14 year old female. We started playing and quickly realized that this is more of a party game or suited for those of a younger age (I'd say it suited for 5-12 year olds to be honest with you).The whole time we were playing the game, "Simon Says" and Charades kept popping into our heads. And frankly this is just a board game version of those two games... 267 pre-chosen actions/events.On the plus side the game does move quickly, just like "Simon Says" and Charades does.In the end, I find that this game is better suited for younger people (even the 14 year old said she wouldn't play it again) or in a party setting where plenty of adult beverages are present.Pros:Moves quicklyGood for a chuckle or twoCons:Plays like "Simon Says" and CharadesNot educationalNot challengingVery low skill level required (just a good memory)
This game is great for family night, If you have children or not you will all have fun with this game. we set it as a regular routine for game night.
There is not too much to this game.  It's almost like the game you play as a kid where you try to remember a word/name, then the next kid repeats what you said and adds one more, then the next kid repeats BOTH before him and adds another, and so on until you get to the end.  It's not too much fun for adults.  Never tried it with kids, though.
*UPDATE*  I have tried this game out once more with my son and husband and daughter after much pleading from my son.  With more people, this game is definitely more fun.  We revised the rule so that when someone makes a mistake, everyone gets to roll the die to see how far they move forward or backward.  That way, we all don't move the same number of spaces together.My daughter is 5 years old and this game is definitely too advanced for her.  She can't read the cards and she can't remember anything.  We just made her do the action on the card itself and not worry about anyone else.  The rest of us just added her action onto the list of things to do.I think what made it hilarious was my husband, who never acts silly, quacking like a duck.  He really got into it!  I would like to revise my review to give it 4 stars._________________________________________________________ORIGINAL REVIEW:Since I've gotten this home, I can't convince my husband to play it with my son and me.  It's supposed to be for three players or more and for ages 8 and up.  My son is 7, but he understood the game well enough.  I couldn't see why we couldn't modify it for two players, so my son and I played it.  He was happy to try it out.Everyone repeats what the last person does and adds on his own action that is on the card he draws.  When someone makes a mistake, he throws the die and moves backward that many spaces on the board.  The others move forward as many spaces as they have cards.  There are only 10 spaces.  With two players, the game ends pretty quickly.  Maybe that's why it's recommended for at least 3 players.My son thought some of it was hilarious, but he quickly tired of it and no longer wants to play it.I wasn't crazy about it.  I can see a lot of ties happening because all the players who move forward would have close to the same number of cards.  If anyone skips an action and no one catches it, it just get propagated.  If everyone forgets the actions and the players want to see what the action was supposed to be, they have to go around in a circle to see who had which card, assuming the players kept them all in order.I don't see adults in my circle wanting to play this game.  No one would want to act so silly.  Perhaps if my son had a birthday party or something, I could try it out again.As others have commented, I can see it being more fun without the board and with more people who want to act silly.  It would probably be a good kid's party game -- without the board.  Just elimiate one person at a time until you have a winner.
I played this with my children 6 to 9.  There are tons of other reviews, so I'll just share one concern.Every round ends when someone fails to remember the next card (action) to do.  Everyone advances on the board, but they have to roll a die and fall back.  This can be hard on a children - not only have they failed, but it gets rubbed in.  And everyone who was looking forward to their turn loses out as the round immediately ends, making it worse for that one child - especially if they don't have as good a memory as the others and are always repsonsible for ending the rounds, thus getting everyone annoyed because it never goes past a few actions.This could be changed by simply having everyone else continue, and advance by how many rounds they go - no one gets "penalized" for being "stupid".As I said, this isn't intended to be a complete review, but I do have one last comment - it seems to get old pretty fast.  How long do you want to memorize and repeat silly actions?  As I prefer thought-provoking games, it wasn't long before it became tiresome.
My boys said it was silly. They couldn't get into the idea of door slamming or diving in a pool on demand.They did enjoy pulling the dog card and pretending they were dogs, but the game overall was a bust, here.
Our family never get bored playing board games - be it monopoly or playing cards, chinese chekers ....'Repeat Pete' was a bit of fun only when we played it for the first time, the second time around, it was too boring - neither is there a challenge in the skill, nor is a fun game to play - the only skill that you need is a bit of short term memory in remembering what the previous player played.You will have to pick a card from a pile of cards, play/sound the action on that card, then the next person play, repeats the action you played + plays the action he/she got on their card - someone messes up by not repeating the previous person's action/sound - it is that simple, boring and not requiring much of a skills.You are better off with a set of playing cards which offer so much variety and fun.
My two boys are 11 and 12 and they've been looking forward to try this controller. To be fair and to provide some context, they've been exposed to online and offline racing on a PS3 equipped with steering wheel, brake and gas pedals.The package consists of the controller and one, probably 'random' cartridge that's shaped as a little HotWheels car that can be mounted on top of the controller. 7 more 'cars' are available separately. There is also a CD that has some software to enable the controller and a game. Your computer needs a USB port because that's where your controller plugs in. There is no manual but anyone who can place the CD on the computer's CD tray should be able to install it. My kids did it by themselves. Once installed, you can play the game without the CD. The kids forgot to take the CD out and the game re-installed itself which is harmless but it needs what seemed to be like 15 minutes to complete.The game has 8 tracks and, it seems, each is dominated by certain conditions of elements: fire, ice, water, 'city streets' and so on. You win points by running the race against the other 8 computer-controlled cars. The more points you make, the more improvements you can purchase from the Pit Stop such as giving your car the ability to perform certain tricks like flipping and twisting in the air or making it water or fire-resistant. The goal of the game seems to be to win all 8 races but, I suspect, you will have to buy 7 more little cars before you are allowed to do that because each individual car is well suited for one particular race. How clever is that? Once you win all 8 races, the game is over, I suppose.You can also go to HotWheels.com and play some other, more graphically crude games, against other computer-controlled opponents. My kids almost instantly switched to the keyboard. Apparently, the keyboard's cursor keys were a lot easier to use and allowed for much more precise control than the controller itself. You do NOT need the controller to play the online games at the HotWheels site.That's about it.About the 'online' claim: you do NOT race online against other humans. The 'online' thing really means that you can play some online games at HotWheels.com. I will come back and correct this if it turns out that I was wrong.I asked my kids for their views. They find the graphics to be lacking, both for the CD-based game and the 'online' games at HotWheels. The cars, they say, are too slow and the tracks lack difficulty. They do not like the overall shape of the controller - possibly because they are used to the PS3 ones. They could not find any educational value in the game other than... of course, the eye-hand coordination thing.Final thoughts. This COULD have been a 4-star game if aimed at the 5-8 yr. old audience. But, given that it's supposed to appeal to 5+ or 5-15 yr. olds, I had to go with 2 stars because, judging from my kids' reactions, most 9+ yr. olds would not find this game too innovative or challenging. So, if your kids are under 8, they MIGHT like it. If they are any older, not recommended.
This is a great idea....but there are some serious problems. First, and probably most annoying is that it resets my display to 800x600....okay, that's not as annoying as getting a blue screen after exiting the game, which is even more annoying. I have uninstalled the software and will try it on another computer, but since I have a great graphics card on my laptop, and have never had a problem running ANY game (I have a Dell Inspiron 9300 with an upgraded graphics card). I have megs of ram and plenty of HD space. The gaming experience itself is relatively weak. Keep in mind that for the cost of this item, you can get a very good racing game with better control, etc.. The difference is this is a bit novel, but I don't think it warrants anything special. The controller is pretty weak, as is the racing. The sense of speed is also weak. My 4.5 year old liked it for a few minutes and then got bored. He outlasted me. I really wanted to like this, especially since my son loves hotwheels anything, but this certainly did not live up to my expectations, and I think you will find your money better spent on something else. I think for it to be better, the controller should be better, tighter, and the software need much more variety and should be more expansive. Like I said, I wanted to love it, but there are so many better Hotwheels products.
I was playing catch with my son while he was trying to use this the other day and he did not care for it. He did not like the way the spongy material felt on his hands. If he dont like it it will end up on a garage shelve not to be used again.
Not what I expected. My kids are showing very little interest. There are several competitors which are way better than this product/character line. The graphics and features are just not that good.
My young daughters enjoyed using this device to trace pictures onto small sheets of paper. The designs are interesting, with over 20 different options to choose from.  It was fun, but the creative opportunities are quite limited. The toy would be more useful if there were also a few blank stencils that kids could draw on and project. My kids also thought that there would be colored pencils included. as they are shown in the advertisement, but there was only the fine tip tracing pen included.
It is a very slow and rather boring game. It is very simple and may be fun for children, but there is no real challenge to this game. The other board levels try to give some variation, but are not enough to make it exciting.
First, let me say that this toy is probably better suited for a younger child. I think its sweet spot is boys between 1 and 3 years old, though the product packaging claims it's best for ages 1-1/2 to 5. My son, almost 5, disagrees. He was initially excited to open it, but quickly deemed it a "boring baby toy". It is simplistic, and brightly colored, featuring a smile and googly eyes, and, like all WOW toys, very well made and durable, though quite heavy for its size.As a mom, I was actually glad this wasn't one my son wanted to keep playing with as it is, bar none, one of the noisiest, most annoying toys I've ever heard. I was glad it required no batteries, but appalled that something kid-powered could be this annoyingly screechy and totally unable to make it stop making that ear-shattering sound, because it's not electronic. It's not even so much the volume of the sound, but the quality: it's like a 1940s air raid siren constantly revving up.Though it's far from quiet. Just pushing it across the floor results in a being unable to hear conversations, TV dialogue, music, etc. at normal levels. If someone (else) had given this to my son as a gift, I'd be pretty sure they actually hated us, and this was a revenge toy. (I'm kidding. Kind of.) It should be noted that our entire house is hard surface flooring and it's possible that, in a fully carpeted (and padded) environment the noise this makes when "going" would probably be more bearable, but it's still going to be a very loud toy.Getting past the noise barrier, the painted cement mixer insert spins when it rolls and does look quite cute and, as I said earlier, this is pretty much indestructible and seems well made, if too heavy for its target user's age range. (I can imagine this would be quite dangerous if thrown or dropped on a toe.) But all that good stuff is definitely out-weighed, at least in this mom's mind, by the short-lived appeal I think this will have (strictly for toddlers) and the grinding, whirring noise this one makes each and every time a child touches it. Both pushing and pulling this result in an airplane engine type revving sound that really set my teeth on edge. I think you can do better with a lighter weight, quieter and far less expensive Playskool or Tonka truck.
It started with squeals, giggling, riotous laughter and a big blue tub.  As soon as the crystals hit, the dye colors the water a really cool sea blue.  The crystals start out pretty small, and as they soak up water they expand.  I used about four inches of water and one packet, which resulted in definite squishiness, but the consistency was more water with bits of gooey crystal mixed in.  Not quite the goo the ads lead you to believe.  And boy have my children fallen for those ads - they have been begging for this for literally months.Ten minutes in, one child was still squealing.  The other had decided it was creepy and wanted out.  We now have a blue footprint on our tub-side mat.  From the package it looks like the dye is like food coloring, so fingers crossed it washes out.Ten more minutes, and both kids are done.  The instructions say to wash thoroughly after, so into the shower they went.  In went the dissolving goo.  I stirred, I waited ten minutes.... the crystals were smaller but definitely still scary.  At this point I flashed back to reading reviews on this product a few months ago, and why I had not previously bought it for my beloved kiddos.  I dumped in a cup of salt, stirred, waited another ten minutes... no change.  In an attempt not to bucket it all out of the house or ruin the septic and the drain, I put some cheesecloth in the bottom of the tub, locked the kids out and waited with more fingers crossed.  About 90 minutes later, I have three cups of nasty crystals and a slightly blue tub.So, bottom line, kids LOVED it for the most part, and that is why I gave it two stars.  For the two hours of cleanup and the bath-then-shower routine, I'd give it one star.  We followed instructions to the letter, and sadly I have to side with all those other parents who will never again get Squishy Baff.
My kids love bath time, especially because they get to play around a lot. After seeing the Squishy Baff, I figured this might be a fun way to increase the fun level. On paper, it seems like it's pretty easy to do and it's pretty mind blowing for a kid to see their tub change from water to goo. You need to follow the directions carefully so that you don't end up with a huge mess. That's where the price of the fun starts to outweigh the fun you get with the product. The pack came with enough for two times but my kids lost interest pretty quickly after the first one. I think we'll be sticking to water in the tub from now on.
The constancy of Squishy Baff will seems fairly familiar to many parents. Ever had your child in a diaper or pull-up overnight that got too wet and exploded? The innards - the granular gel-like substance that gets into everything and is impossible to wash out - is exactly the same as Squishy Baff. Sticking my hand into a tub full of it brought back some rather unpleasant memories.My 2 daughters wouldn't get into the tub at first, because it was yucky. After some convincing, they finally sat in it and loved it. I did not. I had to police their every move to make sure it didn't get into their eyes, mouth or anywhere other than the tub itself, because there is no cleaning this stuff up once it's spread all over the bathroom.The dissolver only turned about 3/4 of the Squishy Baff back into water. It basically just shrank most of the granules. The kids needed a heavy duty scrubbing bath afterwards to get the remaining granules off their skin. While i had no problem draining the tub with the first batch, the second clogged the drain and I had to snake it as the granules had adhered to some hair that was making it's ay through the pipe.I am definitely not a fan of Squishy Baff. Sadly, my children came to absolutely love it. If I ever were to use this again (only as a gift, since I wouldn't bring it into the house on purpose), I would only use it in a baby pool or other type of large container outdoors, with a nearby hose for cleanup.
This stuff is cool! It basically makes blue slime. It's a ton of fun to play with and it doesn't leave you or your kids looking like a smurf. We put it in a small kids pool in the backyard and they played in it like a sand box (slime box) all afternoon.However the clean up was a nightmare. We dropped the second solution in but all it did was change the color of the slime back to clear... The slime never really went away. So we ended up with tons of clear slime all over our backyard. Did I mention that slime is slippery? We were slipping all over the backyard until we finally got tired of it and removed the slime via several plastic bags.Glad I didn't try it in the kids tub, though I'm sure it would have slid down the drain, I have a hard time imagining that it wouldn't have slowed things down for a while. It's a lot of fun, but it's also a lot of clean up. I think we will use it again for outside play and add a slip-n-slide to the process.
My kids were so freakin excited to use this. I only filled tub a 1/4 full, just in case. So, the kids had a ball in blue goo. I washed and rinsed them in the shower after. Was hard to wash away, cause it left a film. Did not stain skin. However, the deactivator did NOT work. It turned the stuff from goo to a thin Jell-o. Did drain--very slowly. Had to clean the tub to get the blue residue off. Honestly, I wouldn't even use this in a pool. The remainder went right in the garbage. I can't wait to hear of all the people who may sue cause a plumber had to be called.
First let me say that the value of this product depends a great deal on the personality of the child.  My 2-year-old grandson hated it.  He kept yelling, "Nasty, nasty, yuck!"  The 3-year-old grandson enjoyed the product for a while and then not so much when it was stuck all over him and his bath toys.  I thought this would be wonderful for the grandsons, but sadly, I just can't recommend it.Pros: Unique concept, fairly easy directions, some kids do enjoy the stuff, pretty color.Cons: Must use caution to get the water amount just right or you end up with a bath slushy, expensive for two baths, leaves a sticky residue that was difficult to get off the bathtub (gel was better in their pool outside), it takes 5-10 minutes for the mix to reach the right consistency, and by then the water is chilly; it also takes 5-10 minutes for the activator to dissolve the gel; the worst part is that kids will need a clean bath after the goo bath; lastly, the Sodium Polyacrylate (the pellets inside disposable diapers) and FD&C; Blue 1 are both synthetic, possibly harmful chemicals for repeated exposure and the unavoidable ingestion in the tub of goo.
At first I was excited about this product.  I wrapped a lot of presents last year and had to use scissors to cut loads and loads of wrapping paper.  With this product I thought cutting wrapping paper would be really easy -just zip right along the paper in just seconds flat, but the truth was a little different.When I used really expensive/thick paper, the tool seemed to work fine.  But when I used normal or cheap paper, on many occasions the paper would bunch up and rip when I attempted to use this tool.  This was a big disappointment.And, when I ended up using scissors to cut paper in one long swipe, I had better luck, with less bunching and ripping.PROS:It definitely is safe.  This could be used by young children without worry.CONS:High cost.  The price is ridiculous.  I would have thought you'd get at least two or three for that price as the product is just half a razor blade imbedded in a piece of plastic.Durability of product.  Once it begins to dull, you need to throw away.  You cannot replace or sharpen the blade, but you shouldn't want to (except that it was so expensive)Hard to use on smaller sheets of paper. Say you just cut a three foot sheet of wrapping paper.  Great.  But now you need to trim this piece into smaller pieces.  Without a doubt it was much easier to use scissors on this part than the cutting tool.  Kind of a disappointment.  I guess I just thought it would cut a lot more easily.All in all, if this product cost 40% of the current cost, and you use very nice paper, then I would rate it 4 stars.  Otherwise, 2 stars.  Regardless, you will not be able to abandon your scissors.
Great idea, but not really very practical. It cuts great after you get it lined up perfectly, but if you don't, it just snags the paper. It takes more time to get it into a position that will make it cut smoothly than it does to get up and find a pair of scissors. Anyway, you need the scissors for other parts of the gift-wrapping process (cutting the extra paper off the ends, cutting ribbons, etc). Why have two tools?
I tried it out with the 13 yr olds, the 8 yr old and the adults, and everyone found it boring and/or frustrating.  Perhaps we don't have the attention span for this toy!
The Air Hogs Vectron Wave will certainly disappoint if you are expecint all the tricks off the TV commercials.  Why?  Because it'll probably cost $50 in batteries to get as skilled with the Vectron Wave as the kids shown in the commercials.  The first time my son ran the toy, after about an hour charge, the toy lasted for app 10 min.  The second time, it lasted half that and the third and forth times it last for about a minute or two despite the toy being charged for several days.Despite this, it could be fun - if it did more than just go up and down.  That was fun, for the few minutes it actually ran, but it would take hours of practice to get it to anything besides going straight up and down as the slightest angle causes the Vectron Wave to flip over and crash - exposing the rapidly spinning platic blade to little hands and body parts (how's that for accident waiting to happen with inquisitive 6 and 3 yr olds running around).Overall this thing was a good idea, and could be really fun, but it needs a cord charger rather than via the battery method.  With the battery charge method, all you have is a expensive paper weight after the second or third day out of the box.  VERY unimpressed!!!
I was incredibly disappointed with the Vectron Wave from Air Hogs.  (See my posted photographs of the boxed toy.)  I took it on numerous trial flights during the Thanksgiving Holidays.  My seventy-five-year-old dad assisted me and kept calling it a "piece of junk."  Neighbors stared open-mouthed at me as though I was crazy while I chased it through the yard, trying hard to keep it from colliding with trees and bushes.  The back of the box reads, "This incredible indoor UFO hovers and avoids objects in any room as if by magic!"  Don't believe it.  The Vectron Wave seems to be attracted to tall objects.  At one time, it landed on top of my parents' roof and, fortunately, it tumbled down.I would never fly the Vectron Wave inside my apartment.  The User Instruction Guide reads, "Fly in a wide open room, away from breakable items."  (I have posted all four pages of the guide.)  Unless you live inside the Houston Astrodome, you shouldn't play with it inside your home.  Even the CAUTION reads, "DO NOT launch Vectron Wave near people or animals.  Stay away from obstacles and electrical hazards."  You also shouldn't fly it near fans or vents.  When flying it outdoors, wind and bright light will affect it.  In my experience, I've learned that just a slight breeze will cause it to be carried away and eventually crash.  I flew it once in a church parking lot and it hovered for about ten minutes; however, a slight breeze made it continue to fly farther and farther from me.  The perfect flying environment is a huge parking lot, like at the mall, on an overcast day when there is no wind, not even a slight breeze.Now for the worst part of the Vectron Wave.  It won't stay charged for more than ten to fifteen minutes.  I usually have about ten minutes of frantic, crazed fun trying to keep the Vectron Wave hovering above my outstretched hands, fighting to keep it from going into a tree or bush, before it begins to die.  Then it has to be charged for at least thirty minutes before it can be used for another ten to fifteen minutes.  (See posted photograph of charging.)  The Vectron Wave is comprised of flimsy, light-weight Styrofoam and plastic and I kept fearing that it would break on one of its test flights.  I flew it once with my two nephews, Jordan and Jacob, who are twelve and fourteen, respectively, and they weren't impressed.  However, they thought it was funny when it crashed on the roof.  I didn't.  Also, pushing the red button on the charger was horribly ineffective in stopping the toy from flying.I can't recommend purchasing the Vectron Wave from Air Hogs.  It is more work than fun; however, I did get about ten to fifteen minutes of intensive exercise whenever I was frantically chasing it.  Ten to fifteen minutes of exercise in my busy schedule is better than none.  Also, my dad and I got to spend some quality time together.  However, I believe that a remote controlled car, helicopter, plane, etc., would be more fun, educational and productive.  The Vectron Wave is not the type of toy to give to one's child for having a joy-filled afternoon at the park.  After all is said and done, I can't believe I wasted six AA batteries on this "piece of junk."Joseph B. Hoyos
The Bop It Bounce is an electronic game where one or more players bounce a red ball on a flat surface that tracks use. The game claims to be for ages 8 and up. Though, I'm an adult and had trouble playing this game. The instructions say to "warm up" by bouncing the ball on the paddle until you get the hang of it. Unfortunately, I never got past this as I can't bounce the ball more than a few times, without it flying off in another direction. This is definitely not my game.For those that are good at this, there are 6 "different" games programmed:- Max Bounce: Get as many bounces in 30 seconds as you can.- Infinite Bounce: Get as many bounces without dropping as you can.- Hang Time: Bounce the ball as high as you can 5 times.- Right Height: Bounce the ball according to how high the game tells you.- Little-Middle-Big: Same as Right Height except for adding "medium."- Free Form: Every time the ball bounces, it will produce a sound effect.
I thought this would be fun for our seven year old. It was. For about ten minutes. "You just bounce a ball on it..." she declared. Now? Not fun.
This game was hard to get into. I have a 12,9, and 6 year old and we could not get into this game. You had to write or draw a caption clue and than guess who's was who's but we could always tell by the hand writing. This might be a fun game for adults but it was just too much for my kids.
This product review is part of my obligation to Amazon for accepting to be a member of the Vine program, a club of selected customers that provide opinions about "new and pre-released items." We enter this club by accepting free copies of products but we promise in return to submit an opinion.This product did not ship complete. We had gathered a group of children to review the product and were disappointed that some of the items were not included.Unfortunately, the fact that the product was incomplete prevented us from determining if it would have been a good source of fun for children.
Before Hasbro took over the Cranium brand you could pick up any Cranium game and be sure to have fun.  I was hoping that would be the case with Scribblish, but this game is just a total bomb.The game requires that you have four to six players.  Each player has a poorly designed Scribblish scroll and two tokens.  One that says mine and one that says funny.  Each player draws a card with captions.  Some of the captions are amusing such as "I stubbed my toe on an elephant!" or "Ow! My tongue is stuck to a frozen flagpole!" but that's pretty much where the fun begins and ends.  Once you've drawn the picture go to with the caption you struggle to get the paper to feed into the scroll and roll the die to see which direction the scroll is headed next.  The next person then takes the scroll, looks only at the drawing and writes a caption for that picture and draws a new picture.  This process is repeated two more times.  At no time are any of the players left without something to draw so everyone will get to play at every turn.  When the scrolls are finished the players then try to guess which one is their scroll.  Afterwards they take turns picking which ones they though were the funniest.  The winner is the one who has the most tokens in the end.  The player who drew the funny picture keeps the token.Personally, I think the game is rather lame.  I suppose it could be a fun game for the tween and teen set.  After reading the instructions my husband wanted no part in playing the game, stating that it "sounds painful."The bottom line is this game isn't well thought out and fun like the original Cranium games.  It's ok, but it's not destined to be a family classic.
What should be engaging and fun instead is an exercise in frustration, you need 4 players to play and you need four pencils, (not included!), really.  The scrolling drawing pad with caption area is a decent idea but the scrolling paper hardware included seems unnecessarily cumbersome and space consuming.  The timer is kind of confusing and doesn't really need to be of the electronic variation at all.  I am sure you can have fun with this game if you are patient and really bored, but you could probably come up with your own variation by just folding paper and using an old timer from Boggle or something.  Again, it is a doodling game but PENCILS ARE NOT INCLUDED.
My kids were excited and bugging me to play this after I got it. Their ages are 9,12, and 14. They ended up not even playing it because they said it was flimsy and a hassle to put together and play. They love the original Sorry but this version was just not appealing to them. I have to admit I was not involved in setting this up or playing it, so I will give it a try when I have time and maybe update my review.
I am not impressed with this attempt to re-make the original version of Sorry.First, the game is made of plastic pieces that must be put together by an adult, and then it won't fit in the box after you are finished playing. The instructions say to take it apart and re-make it each time...not going to happen. And if I did this, then it would be broken after the third or so use because of the flimsy plastic, and the kids couldn't do the putting together and taking apart - always and adult was needed.Second, the box says it is for 6 to 9 year olds, and I don't think it was market tested on this age group. I tried it out on several kids. The younger kids didn't get the concept of spinning and turning the disks - especially the instruction to "turn one quarter clockwise to the right" at a certain point in the game. They couldn't keep up with it. The seven and nine year olds got frustrated and bored quickly. An adult is ALWAYS needed to instruct and help...not good.So the original, folding board game is better and my groups of test kids liked it more and could do it alone after minor instruction, so that is what we kept - not this new version.
Seriously, I have ALWAYS wanted one of these puzzle storage units. As I only work a couple of puzzles a year, however, it seemed an extravagance and a luxury item. I was thrilled to get my hands on this new toy and am, in truth, a bit disappointed.Pros:Perfect size for standard 1000 piece puzzles.Self contained, no more cluttering up table tops for extended periods.Extra room to sort pieces with a few large compartments.Closes up for easy flat storage (under bed, couch)Cons:Simply not effective for transport unless kept flat.Nothing keeps pieces from sliding when unit is vertical.There are two main functions in such a device. Storage and transport. This fails on the transportation aspect, and that's a pretty big let-down. The product description promises that the snap tight case will prevent this and it does not. There are even carrying handles implying that this is a normal expectation. Truthfully, how often do you need to carry your puzzle around? Probably not very often. As a work surface, this is just fine. And if that's all you need, by all means--this is terrific. But I've got to score the product accordingly for not fulfilling its promises as listed in the product description. KGHarris, 9/11.
When we were growing up, the game of truth or dare was basically about getting someone to say or do something that they didn't want to.  Truth be Told game is that game in a different form.  When I opened up the box, I was curious what the questions would be like.  The premise of the game sounded like a lot of fun!  But, as I began to read the questions, I realized that there was the potential for a lot of the questions to go wrong or go in directions that I wouldn't be comfortable. The questions' topics held a lot of potential for hurt feelings, as another player said, and for potty humor to enter the game.  You'd have to be in a group in which everyone enjoyed potty or crass humor, or had very sarcastic senses of humor, or were committed to answer the questions innocently instead of taking them down other paths.  If the group all fell within one of those categories or the first two together, you'll probably enjoy the game.  The questions are creative and it would get people talking and laughing.  If on the other hand you're looking for a fun and innocent game--then don't get this one.Post script... if you are wondering why I didn't just take a few cards out and enjoy the game as is, well...  I thought about it and actually did that with another children's game we have.  But, in the case of this game, I started going through the stack of cards and realized a huge number of them fell into an "iffy" group.  They could be answered innocently or not innocently depending on the participants.  So many of the cards would have needed to be discarded in order to play the game that I didn't think it would work very well.
I loved the idea of Truth be Told. The questions are tame enough to play with older children, yet could easily be interpreted as something a little more adult for an older crowd. Unfortunately, unless you're playing with virtual strangers, everyone will be getting the questions right. As a game marketed as "The Laugh Out Loud Pretend to Know your Friends Game," Truth be Told sort of fails. There was a distinct lack of laughter as everyone got each question correct time and again. Scores were tied the entire game through.Speaking of scoring, it's confusing to say the least. Perhaps I'm a stickler for rules, but it would be nice if the game had a set scoring system as opposed to three different scoring choices. Depending on the way you decide to play, the game can easily drift from the supposed concept of knowing your friends into who's the best liar.The game also had a physical issue. Dry erase paddles, cards and markers are provided, most likely in an attempt to be environmentally friendly. You write your answer on the card and hand them over to whoever's turn it is to play host. Of course, in the handling, the marker inevitably rubbed off, leading to many missing names and answers throughout the gameplay. Dry erase just doesn't work when the cards need to be passed to other players.
My daughter got this from Santa and she LOVES it....when it works. Becuase there is no automatic shut off, or sleep mode, if you do not shut it off, it will kill the batteries really fast....like a day or so! It takes 4 C batteries and we are off to the local "wholesale" club to buy a couple of boxes of C batteries, just to get a few days of use out of it. This is my biggest problem with this toy. My daughter is 5.5 years old and she doesn't mind the simplicity of the toy (though for the money, it's pretty basic), what upsets her is having a toy that doesn't work becuase she forgot to turn it off overnight. Granted, she will learn to shut it off sooner or later, but compared to her other toys and dolls, this things dies out SO much faster than anything she has. Even when she/we do remember to shut it off, it only gives you a few days of LIGHT use before the batteries are toast. Within 6 months, expect to pay as much on batteries as you (or Santa) paid for the toy. I almost wish it had an AC adapter (of course it would kill the functionality of the toy) or D batteries, or have lithium ions built in and let it recharge, or??? I guess we are lucky that it doesn't need triple A batteries! LOL. I think that the simplicity of the toy as well as the horrible battery life warrants a 2.5 star rating. Just to note, my sons remote control cars last for days of heavy use with 4 C batteries!
My daughter loves Littlest Pet Shop, so I thought these would be a good alternative. Unfortunately they weren't. My daughter enjoyed playing with them for a while (not typical for her she can play for hours with a bouncy ball).PROS:-Colorful-Attractive reusable back for storage (though it is disproportionately large for the amount of toys it holds)CONS:-Seem fragile-Ears don't close if the legs are closed first-Zero educational value. After a few times of having them pop open when placed on their happitats it becomes un-amusing-Choking hazard-Overpriced.
Is there a cartoon with these characters?  I wasn't familiar with these little critters before getting this set.  It comes in a cute little bag, but they fit into a plastic insert.  It was hard for me, an adult, to get them out.  I don't think a young child would be able to remove them from this insert.  If an adult gets them out and then removes the insert, they would just rattle around loose in the bag which I don't think would be very good for their survival.  They are made of a rigid plastic.  They have little flaps that are hinged.  I think they are going to break quite easily. When I got the yellow one out and tried to close it up, one of the ears that covers an eye didn't want to close.  I figured out that the ears should be closed before the feet are pushed in.  When you put this one on the base, it immediately opened up - even before you could remove your hand.  I then got out the red one.  It hasn't opened yet.  The yellow one has a spot on the bottom that was attracted to the base.  I assume there is a magnet causing this.  The red one didn't seem to be attracted to the base at all, which is why it probably hasn't opened.I would be very sad if my child requested these critters.  I think there are going to be lots of tears as they break, one by one.  The idea is cute, I just don't think it translated very well to the actual toy.
I have a six-year-old daughter who absolutely loves Littlest Pet Shop.  She not only has seemingly billions of the little pet creatures, she also has another large play set, and the walls of her room are decorated with peel and stick decals of the little critters.  I frankly find them odd, with their overlarge heads and gigantic eyes, but she loves them and I love her so, naturally, I jumped at the chance to get this toy for her.When it arrived, she was beside herself with excitement about it.  As you can imagine, this created some tension since she was wild to play with the toy, but it took me a good twenty minutes or so to extract each of the pieces from the annoying, unnecessary, and rage-inducing packaging.  Amazon frustration free packaging this one is not--and believe me, it could benefit from it.That aside, we carried the set to my daughter's room and she proceeded to be occupied by it for at least an hour.  Now, this is a very good thing as my daughter grows bored with her toys very, very quickly.  The next day, she was very excited to play with it and, again, she was occupied by it for maybe 45 minutes or so.  The day after that?  Nothing.  Every other day after that?  Nothing.  Yep, my daughter played with this toy for a grand total of approximately two hours for the first two days after she got it, and she hasn't touched it since.If you are a parent who is unfamiliar with this particular line of toys, you'll want to note that it is basically an elaborate ploy to get you to endlessly shell out cash.  There are literally hundreds of the little pets for purchase, and they are all numbered so that your child can keep careful track of which ones are owned and which yet need to be purchased.  This set comes with a grand total of one of the regular-sized pets, along with three mini bunnies.  This wasn't a problem for my daughter because, as I stated, she already has other pets.  If you are considering buying this as the first part of your child's collection, be aware that the one paltry pet that comes with it will not suffice, and your child will want you to purchase other critters to go with it.The set itself is cheap plastic, like most children's toys nowadays.  I also have a one-year-old son, and this set is definitely not safe for him to be around, given that it's chock full of tiny objects on which he could choke.  This is definitely a toy for the over three set.  My daughter is old enough that she takes pretty decent care of her toys, but if your little one is rough on their toys, this set will likely not stand up to the abuse.  The little units can easily snap off.My daughter's favorite part of the toy is the ambulance.  It has a flashing light, which she liked a great deal.  This means that the toy requires batteries but, to its credit, it does come with them, so you won't be fumbling for AAs to make the ambulance's lights work.In my opinion, this toy is definitely not worth the money.  In fact, I think it's ludicrously overpriced.  Its only redeeming feature, in my eyes, is that my daughter does like it, even if it doesn't hold her attention for very long.  My suggestion, though, would be to invest in a Lego set instead.  They can be pricey too, but they are a much better, much more engaging toy for both boys and girls--and parents.
I can't say a whole lot about this toy. I have, as a parent, caved on buying multiple items for my children that were highly overpriced for their sheer amusement. This one came to me for free as a test product. When I saw the actual price tag on this item I had sticker shock.PROS:My 4 year old loves it. She plays with the house constantly. In fact, she and my 2 year old fight over it daily. For that reason only, I wish I had 2 of them, but not at this price.The hinge that folds it in half is sturdy and well designed.The packaging engineers have everything fastened so safety that there's no chance of any small items escaping, even by force.CONS:Same as the last pro. The packaging is a nightmare. It took my 4 year old and I TOGETHER with a pair of strong scissors almost half an hour to release all of the captives. Okay, so you don't have to do this every day, but it's still annoying. 5 stars for the presentation of the packaging. It looks like you're getting a whole lot more than you are. Once it's out of the box you wonder why the box was so big.The price is absolutely ridiculous for 2 dollar worth of plastic.I strongly suspect that this will not last long in good condition. The decorations are nothing more than thin cardboard and stickers which PEEL OFF EASILY.I don't recommend this at all.
I was very surprised to see that so many people had the same experience that I did.  When this product was delivered to my door, the sound of a baby startled my dog and the delivery person, who was reexamining the box when I opened the door.  I think the motion combined with the sound, in the box, gave an illusion that there could be a baby in there.This toy is surprisingly durable and well built.I found the audio and motion to be very repetitive.  It simply did the same thing repeatedly.  That's fine for the targeted age group, but I think anyone in the room will be annoyed very quickly at just how repetitive this toy's sounds are.The major con I have for this product is that the legs make it uncomfortable for a child to use as a normal doll.  I think this leads children to become bored with it quickly.  They can't really walk it around or cradle it... it just bops up and down and makes a few baby noises.If you're looking for this exact sort of item, rest assured it is built to bop up and down and make one of a few baby noises very reliably, but I have to conclude this is quite a poor value for the money.
This baby was laughing and gigling even before I took it out of the box.  It's a cute doll with vibrant colors.  It's motion sensitive, so if someone walks past it, she starts giggling. I can see an infant getting amusement out of it because the doll bounces up and down as she giggles.  But for a 3 year old, I'm not to sure about it. A 3 year old would probably be afraid of it going off almost by itlsef!!
I wasn't sure what to expect with this doll, particularly when the UPS man told me how creeped out he was listening to it on his way to delivering the box to me.I thought Baby Alive Bouncin' Babbles was adorable. The sounds were very realistic and cute. My daughter and I played with her for a while then she lost interest. My husband picked up the doll and accidentally hit himself in the face with the head. He said to report that he would never recommend it for young children because the head was so hard. He's right. Later, a two-year-old came over to visit and hurt herself with the doll's head too.Overall I think it's a pretty poor purchase, especially for doll lovers. It's too hard to be cuddled (one reason my daughter has abandoned it for her other doll) and it tends to become annoying. The sounds are quite loud and it gets old very fast.The price alone is the main reason I would never recommend it. Too costly for something children will leave on the shelf.
This is just cheaply constructed, and not built to last very long. Within the first two days, the battle station cracked just from picking it up! Some scotch tape, and my kids still play with it every now and then. The entire thing, however, reeks of "lame, cheap plastic worth less than five bucks" I would not recommend this to anyone.
this is a different interpretation of dough consistency on play-dough. unlike play-dough which is, well, doughy, this is very crumbly and is just "doughy" enough to hold its shapes. the moon dough feels chalky and reminds me of styrofoam, kind of like those orange peanut candies, except crumbly. it's very lightweight.pros:- fun for preschoolers.- does not dry out, so no need to store in a plastic container.- easier to gather than play-dough. just lightly press the bigger chunk against the smaller one.- produces finely detailed molds. quite amazing really.- safe for gluten-sensitive folks.- doesn't stain durable, hard surfaces.cons:- very, very crumbly and messy! the dough flakes get everywhere, so unless you're painstakingly able to recapture all the flakes, you're gonna need to replace the dough quickly.- can't mold independent shapes due to the dough's extreme flakiness, so not the most creative method of play.- definitely can't carry the molded shapes around.- the dough has to be compacted down very firmly to get the best molds, so the younger ones need help.- the crank is tough to turn for the younger ones.- tough to unmold the plastic fence and barn for the younger preschoolers.- if you have hardwood floor and some residue get on it, the floor becomes extremely slippery. BE CAREFUL!!!yes, it's messy, but so is playdough which is sticky AND dries out. if you think this will make craft-time mess-free, you'll be disappointed, but it is swept away quickly. because of the crumbly nature of moon dough, the kids are limited to the shapes this kit allows. no doubt that it's fun to play and to squish, but younger preschoolers would need help with packing the mold, unmolding and cranking. older kids can play with this fine, but then when you're only able to get 4 animals, a fence and a bale of hay, it gets old quick. so the toy doesn't end up being ideally appropriate for any age group.the ideal scenario for this toy if the adult caregiver wants to, uh, "encourage independent play" is:- a 3-year-old and a 6- or 7-year-old who get along well, i.e. the older one enjoys helping the younger one.- hardwood floors. linoleum or tiles if you have a vacuum cleaner.
I was hoping for something a little bit more like Playdough but that's not the case.  Evidently the surface of the moon is really dusty and crumbly because that's what Moon Dough is too.  Dusty, crumbly stuff that falls apart without a lot of pressure.  Right out the box, the Moon Dough basically fell apart into thousands of little pieces.  And this is probably fine and well but having a small child playing with this stuff translates into a huge mess.To actually make an animal, you really have to stuff the Moon Dough into the small slot.  And I mean you really need an adult's level of cordination and strength to push enough of the dough to fill in all of the nooks and crannies.  Once you do that, you can turn the crank and out comes an animal.  Neat, yes.  But the dough is just not fun at all.  We were thinking of trying Playdough with this toy to see if it works better but have not gotten around to it.  And unfortunately, after all of the work of squishing the dough together to make an animal, my son really could not care less about the animals.Lastly, and I'm not sure if it's me or not, but I swear that it made my hands itchy.  I had no red marks and didn't break out in any rash.  But my hands just felt itchy afterwards.  I know that the product is supposed to be free of allergens but maybe I was having a reaction after all.Long story, next time, Playdough.
Unlike many reviewers, I had absolutely no complaints about the moon dough's consistency.  This is very much like a product called Bubber.  It handles differently than Play-doh.  Its strengths are the ability to hold sharp precision edges, like with molds or cookie cutters.  It vacuums up beautifully and doesn't become part of the carpet.  It doesn't dry out.  I am happy enough with the moon dough itself, though I would suggest that a name like moon dough does make the buyer expect a dough-like consistency, which this doesn't have.My biggest complaint is more with the animal molds. The rooster and sheep almost always turned out nicely.  But, I found it almost impossible to get a good horse out of the mold.  The face was almost always somewhat smooshed and crumbly.  The cow only met with slightly better success.  That was with trying to stuff the mold as well as I could.  A 3-year-old (the low end of the suggested age range) wouldn't stand a chance.  My 5-year-old also had difficulty.  My 7-year-old had a difficulty level similar to mine, which means that a lot of attention paid to jamming in as much dough as possible yielded so-so results on 2 of the shapes.There's no label on the top of the mold, so as you turn the wheel, it's difficult to know which animal you're creating.  It wouldn't have been difficult to have the word "cow" written next to the mold opening.It's difficult to clean out the molds completely, so when you switch to a new color, you're likely to blend two colors of moon dough together.Because of how this product flakes, you will lose some amount of moon dough each time you play, unless you spend A LOT of time cleaning up. And the amounts given are relatively small, so you'll eventually need replacements, possibly very shortly depending on who is doing the clean up and how much time they are willing to spend.The moon dough is package in cheap plastic packaging that you rip or cut open.  So, when you're done, you have to find a container for each dough color.  It would have been nice if the manufacturer had put the dough in containers to begin with.As I got this product for free, my children will have fun using it for a while.  And when the moon dough runs out, they can always start using our large supply of Bubber.  But, even they are frustrated with the fact that the animals don't always turn out well.  And, if I had paid $20 for this, I would have been very unhappy.The manufacturer needs to improve the animal molds so that they all turn out consistent good quality animals.  The molds need to be easier to clean out.  Each animal mold needs labelled so you know what you're creating.  The dough needs to be packaged in reusable containers, and probably a slightly larger amount supplied.  Most of these changes would need to be made before I could recommend the product.
Right out of the box this moon dough looks kinda cool... the farm was easy to put together; and upon opening the moon dough my positive thoughts turned negative. First, I like the fact it does not dry out llike playdough... but... it also falls apart and does not stay together which you can never make things/play with them, etc. And kids will certanily be frustrated, specially special needs children like my son. I also like the fact it is wheat free and hypoallergenic... so for somethis may just be the only option.However, besides not being pleased with the moon dough itself; I was not happy with the barn. I popped in my moon dough into the mold hole on top, trying to tell what animal it was, I guessed a lamb mold but I'm still uncertain. I winded the crank and out rolled away on the counter an... animal? I think... it kinda resembled something, but for a child you certainly want to see an animal. My second try the machine ate my animal and shredded the moon dough to pieces.. it never came out. I tried one more time, fully disliking this product already; and my third animal did pop out, but again no clue on which animal it was.Between not knowing what I'm making and having the machine shred the dough I was not pleased. I didn't let my child try this item because the moon dough falls apart so easily and is very messy. From a sensory standpoint, the dough is very soft and fluffy. In any case, I do not like the fact it falls apart and you can't make anything, let alone the troubles with the machine.
I gave this to my 4 yr old niece and 6 year old nephew. They had fun playing with it but their mom threatened to hurt me if I ever gave them anything like this again. The mess! Everything you have heard about how messy Moon Dough is well, it's all true! This stuff was everywhere!!! And then because it just falls apart everywhere my nephew tried to eat it something he has never done with playdough. I would stick with playdough any day rather than this messy disaster waiting to happen. If you don't mind a HUGE mess than this is a fun toy and molds well.... but the trade off just isn't worth it in my opinion.
The Moon Dough Magic Barnyard looks like fun from the illustration on the package. We have always loved the smell of Play Doh so it was disappointing to find Moon Dough smelling kind of stale and not at all pleasant. A pleasant scent added without making it smell like something to eat would be nice...don't want to tempt little ones to try some. Assembly was easy and it does look like it would be fun upon assembly. The Moon Dough itself is not like Play Doh but breaks up into smaller pieces as you try to mold it... the molded clumps do release easily from the molds but don't really look as good as molded things from Play Doh toys. We used a big zip loc bag to hold the Moon Dough and smaller parts. This is just an OK toy... we like the Play Doh toys much more.
I received this item through the Amazon Vine Program.  I obtained it for my two year old son, whom loves farm animals very much, like most children would.  I understand that he's a year younger than the expected range for this toy, but it was something I could help him play with.  Snapping it together was pretty quick and painless, and we were really looking forward to pushing out some moon dough animals, but once we opend the moon dough, it crackled like sand and made a huge mess of my living room.  I don't know if I just got a bad one, or if moon dough is simply not as easy to use as it seems, but I really didn't get too far with this item.  We ended up tossing the dough and giving him the barn to play with, as he loves that part of it.
I wanted something to engage the attention three cousins aged 4 to 6 years. I fully intended to be involved in the play since they are so little, which is a good thing because unsupervised children won't get this to work properly and will make a mess. (Even for much older children--the mess potential is enormous).The dough is not something I've ever seen before. It's sort of pliable and it sort of molds, but it feels strange. The closest simile I can come up with is flattened dried out packaged cotton candy (without the stickiness) mixed with something foamy. It's very light-weight and it has a tendency to not want to stick together, you have to compact it hard and keep re-compacting it and re-incorporating the little pieces that flake off. I had the idea that the reason it was flaking was that it was too dry so I moistened my hands a tiny bit--and it got worse.Making the two forms that come separately from the barn (the hay bales and the picket fence) works pretty well since they release easily from the molds and you have the option to tap them if necessary. The older children can do those easily with supervision, but it gets old fast. They mostly enjoy punching them down and seeing the weird clay fall apart.The animals are a lot trickier. I let the 6 year old put clay in, but I had to keep pushing to get it properly compact. When the cranking didn't work to release, I had to put a folded towel on the table and tap the whole barn hard to get it to release the animal. If that didn't do it, I had to use a Q-tip to get it to drop. This gets old pretty fast for me and for the kids.The animals do come out looking about what they are supposed to look like, but the little hands soon squeeze them out of shape to see how they crumble. The main interest seems to be taking the clay apart, not making something with it. Not exactly what I had in mind, but entertaining.Fortunately, about the time that the molds needed cleaning, the kids got bored. After they left I had to spend a good amount of time with Q-tips, skewers, old toothbrushes, toothpicks, and paper towels trying to clean it for storage. I had to vacuum the floor around the table and scrape up some little bits of clay that were stepped on.I did get some entertainment value out of the toy, but I'm not sure I want to do this again. I might try using some play-doh in the molds and see how that goes. It might not work well, but neither does this.
The barnyard idea is great. Making barnyard shapes out of the dough is wonderful. Using the Moon Dough is scary and messy. The dough just feels weird, like it should be toxic and doesn't belong in your hands. It leaves an odd residue or a feeling that there is a residue that can't be washed off with soap and water. With the less than perfect way my kids wash their hands before they eat, I don't trust them to play with this toy.As for the functionality of the dough - it's difficult. It needs to be warmed up and kneaded a bit for to supposedly work properly. While attempting to do this, bits fall off everywhere. I am unable to get it to the right consistency for it to come out of the molds in one piece. The animals are left with half a head or three legs. Perhaps I need to practice to improve my Moon Dough skills, but I just don't want to.
Durable and easy to assemble are the highlights of this Playskool toy.  Otherwise, it's had it's 5 minutes of fame in our home, and likely will be stashed away while my young sons play with other toys they find more amusing.  My boys are 8 months and 2 years old.  The 2 year old likes to run around with the balls best, and finds the rest of toy less than engaging.  My 8 month old has been amused with the music playing, and may become interested in turning the gears--that is if the toy even still interests him in the near future.  The gears turn well and they stack easily, but they don't DO anything.  Turning the gears doesn't make the music turn on, or make the balls drop.  The balls must be manually dropped down, and all they do is drop.  When they drop, they don't cause the music to turn on, either.  Only pushing down the red smiley face on the right corner makes the music go.  If pushed far enough down, the gears will also turn.  If the gears played more of a role in causing the music to play or the balls to roll, I probably would have rated this toy better.  As it is, the elements are not related to each other at all.Overall, save your money for other toys which will likely get better use.
The best thing about this kit is the quality time you spend with your kid whilst whipping up batches of the worst tasting food you have ever put in your mouth.No one expects the end product to be a gourmet delight, but Great Lady Gaga, at least make it edible!  Even my 6 year old daughter, ever the sweet tooth (and will eat ANYthing), said they were terrible.Not even going to rail on the cost of the replacement mixes because we won't be replacing (except with maybe actual recipes that result in something you could stomach)I will give them a nod for appealing external packaging/marketing.  Looks good, but as others have mentioned, once you open the box (of horror), the reality of a poor product kicks in (including, I might add, no decent way to store all these pieces! That was REALLY a poor product design decision.)Steer clear of this gastronomical Armageddon and cook some real food with your kids.  Not only will it be more fun for THEM (since they will be using REAL, grown up tools), but they won't be disillusioned and potentially scared away from cooking in the future based on the results of this product.
I tried out the Easy Bake Microwave mixes with my niece and two nephews to pass away an afternoon. They all had fun mixing the ingredients together and were anxiously awaiting when they could eat their food. While they had fun doing this, once it came to eating their food, it was pretty much disappointment all around. My niece made the pink cookies (she even made one for her teacher and principal) but didn't like the taste and ended up throwing them out. One of my nephews made the raspberry cake (which had an overwhelming raspberry smell) and didn't enjoy it. It had the look of foam and not cake.  He did, however, enjoy the vanilla frosting that we made for it. And my other nephew made the chocolate chip cookies, which were not bad tasting at all. My other gripe about the food was it was hard to tell if the food was really ready or not because they looked a bit undone even after cooking them for an extra ten seconds.The tools that come with the set are handy but you have to handwash them and it's hard to get them really clean because they have a lot of small, hard to reach, nooks. I also didn't like that there aren't that many mixes in the box. So it won't be long before you run out of mixes to make. One thing I did like was the cooking it in a microwave instead of an Easy Bake Oven.So I personally would give this Easy Bake product a pass but I'm sure some kids would probably really enjoy it.
Its overall not that good a product. I was expecting much more. It is mediocre. Kids didn't like it. There are much better products available in the same category in this market.
My, nearly, 4 year old found this very frustrating because he couldn't understand why the pen didn't make a mark and he had to keep trying. It's because you need the special paper with the markers and the marks don't show up right away; it takes a second to appear. It doesn't seem like a long time, but it really was sad to watch.Even if it did work the way I think is should, you still need to buy the special paper, as well as batteries, to use the Studio. It can get very expensive.For me, I just don't think it's worth it.
My little one loves to draw (what three-year-old doesn't) and so when I saw this (and the added sounds, and the `Toy Story' additions) I snatched it up for her, since it had her name written all over it.  Sadly, this just really doesn't stack up to anything remotely wonderful.  I had high hopes, but this just doesn't deliver.  Outside of serving as an easel of sorts, Color Wonder just isn't wonderful.  My real issue is that the sound services provided don't work nearly as well as they should.  In fact, it can be a complete pain to get them to work at all.  So, when all is said and done, the main reason to flock to this new toy is kind of the biggest reason to leave it alone.  My daughter still likes to use it, and I can't say that the Color Wonder paper is a drawback, since the idea that she can scribble and not mess up my carpet or her clothing is something I love, but with the way that kids WASTE paper, it can become a major money pit over time.  I also didn't like the fact that you can't store the sound cards on the board somehow.  It just seems like a recipe for lost pieces.I wouldn't spend money on this.
The toy sounded like a great idea.  My kids love music, toys that make noise and they also love coloring, so this would be the perfec toy for them, right? Not so much.The brand name is reliable. The idea is cute. You can make sounds while coloring.  I didn't mind having to put batteries in the toy. I have three boys so I'm immune to the noise.  The coloring pages are adorable. I'm just not sure what went wrong.They (referring to my 3 & 6 year-old sons) played with the toy as intended for about 5 minutes.  That's it.  They they took the coloring pages to the dining room table and had a blast coloring them.  The board sits in a toy bin and has not been touched since the day it arrived.My advice is to make sure this is something your child really wants before spending money on it...even at a sale price. Even at 75% off.  In my case printing out coloring pages from the internet is more exciting to my boys than the sound board.
Before I added the batteries, I let my 5 year old use this on a road trip, basically using it as a laptop easel.  To that extent, he enjoyed it quite a bit - coloring is fun.  However, once the batteries were added, and the thing started making sounds, it was a complete distraction.If the sounds worked in sync and reliably when they were supposed to go off, it may have added to the fun value.  Unfortunately, the sounds aren't great and didn't go off when coloring certain items like they should have...so much more time was spent tapping the board in various places just to get the sound to go off.  And the detracted from the coloring...and once the sounds have been heard multiple times, the entire thing was abandoned, including the coloring.The product, if it were to work correctly all the time, would probably be interesting for a kid (depending on the kid, of course), but for us...it was OK; not great, not horrible.  About average for a toy.The quality leaves a bit to be desired, as well...the markers have a holding spot in the back that doesn't hold them very well at all...and the flat coloring surface wasn't completely flat out of the box...maybe I got a bad one, but both the fun factor and the quality seems to be lacking here.Wouldn't recommend.
Over-Complication-itis.  The medical condition where marketing people try to extract too much revenue out of a brand by creating fuzzy derivate products that stray away from the core brand intent.  Think New Coke.Crayola is about simple, affordable childhood fun.  Coloring on a piece of paper, exploring your 64 crayon pack.Unfortunately the Crayola Sound Studio suffers from Over-Complication-itis.  The sounds while coloring are unnecessary and distract from the childhood simplicity of coloring.  Combine that with batteries, special paper required, and subtleties of use that can be confusing for young children and this product is not simple, not affordable, and not that much childhood fun.  I've found that my daughter seems to enjoy her $1 old school coloring books more.Without change we would have no progress, but not all change is progress.  Crayola is a good brand but they missed on this product.  Now pass me a blank piece of paper and the Burnt Sienna from the 64-pack please.
Comes with: 1 Spin Magic Base Unit, 3 long flexi-clips (12") and 3 short flexi-clips (6"), 6 Glow Explosion Sheets, 4 Glow Explosion Markers, Glow Explosion Activator, blotter card (a piece of cardboard), 4 glow explosion sheets with pop & clip figures, and 5 pop-out shadow scenes.The age range on this says 6+, but I think someone that young would still need help with this. For example, you need a screw driver to put batteries in the base unit that makes the creations spin. (It requires 2 AA batteries. Batteries are not included.) Also, the manual warns that the markers contain pigments that stain. It would make a fun creative activity to share with your child.My main issue with this product is the poor performance of the markers. You press the tip down for 2-3 seconds to get the color to start flowing. Only it never really flows. It stops flowing pretty quickly. The only way to get any real color is to color in dots by constantly depressing the tip. The manual warns that the color will appear light but I noticed when checking out the glow effect, that the only spots that had any true glow were the ones with more color where I'd depressed the tip. The glow lasts up to 4 hours so it's best not to start this project in the morning. There's lots of paper, but I would have liked more colors than just the four.
This is a clever gift for a kid really interested in the concept of glow in the dark, not necessarily in arts and crafts but it the packaging on the box was cooler than the actual project.  It comes with several sheets of white paper which you can draw on with the packet of markers. Then you use an activator marker to make it glow in the dark.  The glow and the dark part was cool but not as bright as I would have hoped and b/c the markers are kind of faint (until you use the activator and put in a dark room) it's hard to see what you are drawing.  You can choose to put the white paper that you color onto the little "sticks" that come  in the box (which are flimsy plastic) that can then be put on a turning pedestal (battery powered, battery not included).But it looked a little hokey/lame. You can also use the black paper included to make a sleeve to do the shadow styles (we didn't try this).  It is a good rainy day project, done later in the evening so you can enjoy seeing it glow, but the kids didn't seem to be chomping at the bit to try it again soon. So it's alright and a good activity/distraction for a cheap price.
I have a 6 year old and thought this would be a great art project to do together. However, as fun as this sounds, it is a frustrating experience.My observations:-The markers were difficult to use. I had to push and push on them to get the ink flowing and then my daughter got frustrated trying to color. You have to use short strokes and squeeze the markers very hard to keep getting ink.-The paper cutouts are easy to punch out.-You have to be very careful how you attach the clips for the mobile. Because you plug them into the base (which spins two ways) you have to watch out or you tie up all the clips in one rotation.-The spinning shadow scene was a bit easier to use on the spinning base but still a pain to color.-The glowing colors were okay and it was fun to watch for a little while. The colors were not what a would consider an "explosion" however. They are very muted compared to the photo on the box.-The glow in the dark aspect only lasts 4 hours (according to the box.) It didn't last nearly that long for us.-You need 2 AA batteries which are NOT included in the box.My daughter enjoyed it for all of 10 minutes. Not something we would recommend until they can fix the problem with the ink in the markers. It's a great idea- but fails in execution.
If your child is inclined to creative toys, this involves coloring and cutting and will engage him, but for the price, all you're getting is some cardstock glow-in the-dark coloring pages and a spinning nightlight to use them on - for which you will need to buy AA batteries. I'm guessing this toy is unlikely to hold interest for very long, though my children found it initially fun.
My five-year-old daughter has been asking for a guitar for quite some time, and when I had the chance to try out this Disney Princess "mini guitar," I thought it would be great for her.  She was very excited, at first, but within a few minutes of strumming this small plastic ukulele she asked me to buy her a "real guitar."  There's nothing exactly wrong with this child's toy, but one should not expect it to satisfy any desires for a "real guitar."  It seems best suited for a three-year-old's less judgmental play time.It's pretty small for my five-year-old, and not even her intense love for Disney princesses and all things pink can make her appreciate this toy.  Parents should note that this is a four-string, relatively quiet, can be tuned (to a degree), and it's made from pretty cheap plastic, so don't expect it to last long especially if your child is rowdy with toys.  If your child, perhaps ages two to four, really loves Disney and desires a guitar, this is not a bad toy.  But be prepared to be asked for a "real guitar" sooner or later.
The first thing I noticed is that both ends of this box were open so I'm wondering if it was a return. There's no directions, no pick, nothing but this so called guitar. We spent more time trying to tune this than time spent playing with it. The plastic is thin, very thin. Fo 25, I expected more than this.This looks and feels cheap, if you left your 2 or 3 year old alone with this, I'm most certain either the princesses would get all scratched up or they would crack the plastic.
It's smaller than you think.  My daughter played with this about 20 mins.  That's how long the strings lasted.  Based on that, I can't really recommend this which is strange given some of the reviews.  I just expected better.
This pencil is comfortable to write with.  That's the best thing I can say about it.The lines are choppy and smear easily.  It erases pretty well, but has a tiny eraser.  They obviously knew the eraser was too small since it comes with two spares.  But where am I supposed to store those ity bitty things so they don't get lost while I'm waiting for the first to wear down?  The most annoying thing is probably how much it looks like a pen.  I left it on the counter and accidentally picked it up later when I needed a pen.  Then my husband complained that he had thought it was a pen, too.  We put it in a drawer where it probably won't come out again until it's the only pencil I can find.
As a writing utensil this is neither here nor there - the pencil writes fine but no great wonder there.  The big flaw, though, is the eraser, which doesn't really erase.  You know how bad erasers are: it rubs away a little of the pencil marks, but leaves a residue that still clearly shows the characters. Who wants to have to have a separate eraser handy when they're writing with a pencil that has one attached to it?
This kinda writes like a pen, a cheap pen that doesn't look very good or flow well.  And you can in fact erase what you write, you can do so by just rubbing it with your finger most of the time on the vast majority of surfaces I have written on.  So I would not really recommend using this if it's for anything you don't want to have the chance of being lost by accidently rubbing it too hard.  I liked the idea, but if you want a pencil use a pencil, this is not the solution.
When Sharpie announced they would have a permanent pencil that could be erased within 24 hours, I thought it was genius.The problem started when I started seeing reviews of the item elsewhere.  Then I got mine.  Essentially this is an erasable pen, it doesn't have the crisp writing of a pencil, and it's not smooth like a good pen (or fine point sharpie) should be.  And then the big one, it doesn't ever really become permanent.  Sure at some point you can still see a little bit on the paper, which apparently is 'permanent' according to some standards body.  But for you and me, it's not.This might have been an ok product if it wasn't hyped up to do something it wasn't, but even then I'd choose a normal mechanical pencil over this any day.
The pencil skips when you do not press on it hard enough while writing. In my experience, it becomes permanent after a two or three days, not 24 hours as stated, and even then it is not entirely permanent, you can still erase some of the writing, but it will take much more effort, about as much as if trying to remove regular pen writing. When you click on the pencil's cap to expose "lead", the cap stays loose and shakes as you write. I think Sharpie needs to work a little bit more on the product before starting selling it to the public.
Sharpie really over-hyped this. I wasn't expecting miracles, but i guess i should have tamped my hopes down even further when i noticed that the company itself can't stay consistent on whether your writing goes from temporary to permanent in one day or three. (I've uploaded a picture of a sheet i kept for 48 hours, erasing a line every few hours. You can see that over the 48 hours, the writing doesn't erase as cleanly, but after two days i could still erase the writing pretty completely.)So, the Sharpie Liquid Pencil:* Writes as smoothly and clearly a super-cheap ball point pen* Erases so easily that within two hours of writing, you can just wipe it off the paper with your finger, no eraser required* After 24 hours it still erases about as well as pencil* After 48 hours it erases about as well as cheap erasable pens* After 3 days, it erases a little worse than cheap erasable pens* After a full week, it's no different than it was at 3 days, which is to say totally NOT permanent.I did not, however, have the problem other reviewers complain about regarding the liquid graphite clumping or blotting on the paper.Based on my testing, the claim on the back of the package that your writing will be permanent after "about one day" is pretty well debunked, and i'm not sure why one should pay a few dollars for this 'liquid pencil' when you can get a dozen cheap ballpoint pens instead.Oh, and left-handers will probably hate this pen/pencil unless they've mastered the art of writing without letting their hand cross the text. You really can just wipe away your writing quite easily with a finger, and most lefties i know would end up with more graphite on the side of their hand than on the paper.
I am not at all picky when it comes to pens and pencils--if it writes, I'm usually happy.  This writes and so if I randomly picked it up out of the pen/pencil jar, I wouldn't put it back and try to get something else, but on the other hand, I don't think I'd ever buy another one of these simply because it isn't all that great and at $4.00 (price point when reviewed) for a single pen/pencil, I ought to be impressed.  This writes very light and skips a little bit.  It is smoother than a pencil but not as smooth as a pen.  If I were given a choice between this and either a pencil or a pen, I'd choose the pencil or pen (pencil if I needed to erase, pen if I didn't need to).  I'm sure this has a niche somewhere that makes it great, but I can't think of anything where this would be your best choice.  For most people, I suggest you get something else.
My granddaughter, who is 2 1/2, loved Indie when introduced to Indie, and slept with Indie right next to her on her pillow the night she met Indie. When we looked in on her in the morning, she was holding Indie in her sleep. A few hours later we noticed that Indie's tail was broken - it had opened up so the stuffing could come out. Whatever may have caused this to happen, this should not happen with a doll at this price point. On this basis I would not recommend this toy; there are more durable stuffed dolls on the market.
I have no clue what `Juno Baby' is.  My daughter doesn't watch the show so I've never heard of it.  That said, if I just saw this thing in the store I'd never thing `my daughter needs to have this'.  I mean, to be completely honest, the bunny is kind of ugly.  Yes, as far as a quality made plush toy, this one is top notch.  The color is rich, the weight is solid and the overall durability seems very good.  It's a well made but highly unnecessary toy.  The product description is a little deceitful too.  It talks about this bunny being ready for adventure with her necklace and pompom accessories and yet none of those things are removable so it's not like you can dress her up or dress her down.  Also, it says how bunny loves to sing and yet there is no voicebox.  It's just a stuffed animal; end of discussion.  For $20 that's just not worth it.  If your kid is a fan of the show (or whatever `Juno Baby' happens to be) then this may be something they really want, but for those of us unfamiliar with this `brand name' I don't think this is something we would go out of our way to provide for our children.
From what we can tell, this is just a compliation of classical music. The packaging is horrible for kids to get the CD out as it's in a paper sleeve which is easy to rip.
I was kind of surprised at the positive reviews. I found the sound quality to be really poor. The music might have seemed better if the sound quality was better; but I was really disappointed in the music. It's not something I'd buy again and I think there are a lot better choices out there.
I was excited to have a chance to try out this CD of little kids' songs, but both my kids and I were disappointed by the quality of the music.  The songs don't sound good and the mix sounds rather amateurish.  None of the songs grabbed my kids' attention for more than a few seconds, and they have refused to listen to any of the songs again.  Very disappointing product.
We're new fans of the juno baby line of DVD's, both my 9 month old and my almost 7yr old think the are cute and we love to sing along and dance to the music on them. I thought this cd would be great for the car (we don't have a dvd player as I think talking or listening to music is far better then watching movies 24/7). Sadly though it didn't live up to the expectations I had for it. To be honest the characters voices on the DVD are fairly annoying however the cute story lines and catchy songs/images make up for it... with the cd all I was left with was the annoying voices. The songs really didn't do anything for us either or make us want to sing along. We'll stick with the dvd's and skip the cds.
I got this CD hoping I could sing along w/ my 6 month old twin infants. Even though the musical arrangements were very good, the singing was a bit grating on my nerves. Not only was the singing a bit nerve wracking, I couldn't really sing along to anything because unless you memorize the lyrics there's no way you can "sing along". My 6 year old daughter also found it difficult to distinguish the words in the lyrics. Occasionally, she heard a phrase here and there but otherwise found all the songs uninteresting. Not something the children could dance or sing along w/.Overall, personally I can't quite recommend this product. I liked the classical orchestra arrangements, but wasn't overly impressed w/ the singing. But sans the singing than there are many other classical songs that are much better, which negates the whole purpose of the "sing along" CD.
We keep music on in our house and tend to enjoy most music. A series of different speakers keeps rooms filled with wonderful exotic sounds. Even our teenagers have eclectic and wonderful taste in music. It's funny to hear the different music blasting out of people's bedrooms and offices, truly enjoyable. Probably the only thing not played here is country music, and now, Juno Baby.The first time I played this, the most musically inclined children of my club, covered his ears and said, &#34;Make it stop, grandma.&#34; This is the 3 year old who has perfect pitch. He sings and hums almost anything he has heard before. It seriously seemed to be hurting his ears. I switched back to Mozart, which is something that children really enjoy. They enjoy most music, from the soft sounds of Beethoven to the more energetic Squirrel Nut Zippers. They fall asleep to the Grateful Dead. (Only one of them likes my Big Band music but there's time.) All the children, aged 2 through 10, like an eclectic bunch of music. Juno Baby is the only thing I have ever played that caused children who love music to ask me to turn it off.I did not enjoy it either, but thought it was just me. I can't stand the sound tracks to most cartoons (or football) because I find them coarse and aggravating. This was worse. The voice singing this is grating, not unlike fingernails on a chalkboard. It is edgy, but not in a good way. This music is chaotic and unpleasant.
I was really surprised at the poor quality of the sound on this CD. In some cases the music was so muffled sounding that it was really difficult to listen to. I was playing it for my 4 year old and he actually asked me to change the music, saying "I don't love this music". I was very disappointed.Even if the music would have great quality, I'm not sure I'd like it much better. I think it was just OK.
I found "Fact Or Crap" to be...well...kind of crappy. There's some solid questions, but the way the game is set up it becomes confusing and monotonous pretty quickly. There are several other, far better, trivia games available; I'd give this one a pass.
This game became boring real quick.  There is a huge pile of fact or crap question cards and the game doesn't end until all but one player loses their tokens or the middle pile is gone (impossible).  There is no way this game is over quickly.  After an hour or so of stupid questions we all just agreed to quit.There is little educational value because you're not given the right answer.  Example of Question card:1. The sun is so big you could fit more than 100,000 earths inside it?2. Tycho Brahe the astronomer wore an artificial nose made of gold and silver?3. The plastic things on the end of the shoelaces are called aglets?Example of Rush Hour card:1. In ancient Greece "idiot" meant a private citizen or layman?2. It is possible to sneeze with your eyes open?3. The yo-yo was originally a weapon in Philippines?4. Venus is the only planet that rotates clockwise?5. Dogs are color blind?Well all anybody does is throw down a FACT or CRAP card.  If something turns out to be CRAP, you don't know what the true answer was.  This game could have been a really nice alternative to Trival Pursuit but you don't ever learn the right answer.We were done after the first hour and won't be playing this again anytime soon.  Also, the age appropriateness for this game is much higher, there's no way an 8-12 yr. old would know most of the answers and they just want to say CRAP anyway! LOL.Answers: CRAP, FACT, FACTAnswers: FACT, CRAP, FACT, FACT, CRAP
My children initially enjoyed this game, mostly because they liked the trivia questions, but after a few rounds of playing, and knowing that their younger brother was guessing all the answers and STILL doing quite well, it became less enjoyable. As others have noted, you basically have a 50/50 chance of getting it right. Still, it kept my kids entertained for a bit and they still enjoy the questions and learning the answers. I wish it had some follow up information on the topics, but as it is, if my kids are interested in a subject they go to the computer and look it up, so in that way it has been educational. Still, not the greatest game but acceptable.
`Quelf' is a game that really takes the right mood and the right company to enjoy.  If those two important factors have not aligned in the precise manner then your `Game Night' will be essentially squelched.  I tried this out with a few groups of friends, and while there were moments when fun was had, there is something about `Quelf' that just doesn't really work.  Everything feels rather equivocally thrown together in an attempt to capitalize off of our innate desire to unleash our inner idiot; but it lacks the purpose needed to string those moments together in a coherency that makes us enjoy what we are doing.Where is the point?The cast of characters are intriguing and comical, as are all the descriptions of the characters. The board game looks like an amateurish interpretation of something like `Dungeons and Dragons' meets `Candy Land' and at first glance it is a major turn-off (it made us all feel like dorks for even attempting to play the game).  While conceptually this does lean on the side of proven classics like `Cranium', the ridiculousness that ensues can cross a line that goes from `fun' to just plain `stupid'.  I like the idea of the rule (err, ROOLZ) cards, but some of them are rather preposterous, and unless the company you keep is willing to just `let go' and do whatever they are asked of without putting on the airs of someone put out or humiliated to even be playing this game then you aren't going to have much fun.At least with a game like `Cranium' the craziness has a point.  Half of the requirements in this game don't have a payoff.  You aren't acting like a fool so that your teammates can guess and earn points; you're just acting foolish because the card says to.It just doesn't work.
The difficulty of the questions for the kids is pretty broad so the younger ones will struggle a bit but older kids will get most of them.  The problem we had in our house is that many of the questions deal with things from popular media (e.g. TV, music, etc) which gets a pretty limited amount of exposure in our house.  This also poses a problem with re-playability.  My kids are on the young side right now but, by the time they get around to the age range for the questions were designed for the topics will be passe.  Not even sure they offer additional sets of question cards.
Not much to say, the cards were either incredibly hard or incredibly easy, and there aren't enough questions in the game itself for it to even have much of a replay value with the same people again.  If they released extra and better cards for it, or a newer better edition, I might consider buying it, but only after reading a lot of reviews for it.I like the concept of the game, its a great idea, but for it really work as a trivia game, it needs to have more cards (and not have the answers to questions on the cards so easily read), closer to the amount you'de get with a game like Apples to Apples or Trivial Pursuit, and have questions that aren't extremely easy for one age group and not the other, it is too easy for the children to win, and too hard for the adults, maybe that's the real reason its called "Beat the Parents"?  ;PI'd pass on this one until a newer and better one comes out, or another game company improves upon it because this one just doesn't cut it as being fun or replayable.God Bless ~Amy
My husband and I played this game with our oldest son and daughter in law. I was really hoping this would be more fun than it was. The questions were really silly, for the most part. I don't think I'd recommend this game. We just didn't have enough fun with it to do that. I know everyone's tastes and idea of fun is different so....I really don't like giving negative reviews but, I do want to be honest!
I think they had a great idea but it dwindled after playing it for five minute. I used this game to play with adults not children. I found that it was not what I thought it was going to be about (trivia) or something like that. I did get a laugh or two but other then that it was not that great even if you are bored. Get out the old sorry game or trivia game and have more fun.
I've played this game once.  It looks appealing at first, and it starts off pretty fun.  However, it is a very simple game: you draw a card and ask a question, the opposite sex has to respond with the answer.  The men ask "man-questions" and women ask "woman-questions".  If you get it right, you move forward.  If you get it wrong, your turn is over.  That's it.  There's no dice, there's no chance, there's one section of "wild cards" which give you a slight boost in movement, but overall this game is just boring because of a lack of events, it's just question-answer, question-answer.  The women didn't know half of the "woman-questions" that women should supposedly know, and the same went with the men.  The questions contained some interesting/funny facts, but after about 10 minutes of neither sex moving their peg on the board, the game gets very old.  We like to think we're educated - all 6 of us playing were college graduates ranging from arts to business to science, and we all like to think we're well-versed in popular culture, yet we got way more of the questions wrong than we did right.  We modified the rules a bit to get the game to move quicker, but even that can only go so far when you have nothing but cards with questions on them.
My husband and I had a few couples over and we played this and found it to easy and while there was some giggles around while playing it, we all agreed this wasn't a game for us 30+ year olds. After a few rounds we decided to move on to something else. I think a younger group would find this more enjoyable.
Maybe I'm too esoteric, too old for this game, run with the wrong crowd, or don't drink enough as I found the game rather stupid and boring. Nobody I played the game with found any of the questions the least bit amusing or entertaining.Would I rather:A. have armpit hair that can stretch and grab things, orB. spit that acts like Spider-Man's webs?A. sweat maple syrup, orB. cry glue?A. have glow in the dark acne, orB. caramel post nasal drip?Really. Where is the humor here. None of my friends thought it was the least bit entertaining or amusing in the least.We decided we would rather not play the game. We got out the Monopoly and the Scrabble and had a grand time.
Easy to assembly, the design is pretty and the cars are nice, but the battery life is poor you will need lots of batteries the car is really slow and my son got boring very fast is not one of his favorite toys.
At first my 9 year old really enjoyed using this camera and video recorder.  He took lots of pictures and then drew silly mustaches and big ears on them but then wanted to print out every single picture he took to show people. It became quite labor intensive and expensive on my part because it's a little complicated to work the software to download pictures and the ink.  After printing, the pictures aren't all that good, very grainy, the resolution is only 640x480.  And to take the pictures to begin with you couldn't just point and shoot, you had to go through a picture set-up mode every time. On his home movies the sound was awful because the microphone is in the front so his voice was low and if he didn't speak loud it was just garble in the background. But then he felt he was shouting the whole time.You do need the Leapter Explorer handheld to begin with. Then you have to download software from their website to put on the Leapster and then software on your computer to download the pictures.  It was quite cumbersome on my part, it's not just something a kid can take out of the box and use.After about a week he quit using.  There was some software glitch, I tried downloading the program again to the Leapster but it seemed to only work a few times and then error out again.If you want to purchase a point and shoot camera for your kids I'd go withDigital Concepts Crayola VGA Camera with 1.1 Preview Screen.  It's sturdy, takes great pictures and is easy to download them.
If you are considering buying one of these remote control toys for yourself or as a gift for someone else, one of the first things I think you should know is that the Tonka XT (as it's called on the box it comes in) is not designed to be used like a typical remote control vehicle. I'll explain what I mean but also recommend that you Google tonka xt video, then click on the link to the "Tonka Ricochet Tricksters RC Tested" YouTube video, which is by RC Mania dot com. The video is 2  minutes long and should give you a good sense of what these toys are, and by inference, what they are not.These are NOT remote control vehicles that allow for precision steering or control. The "steering" on the Tonka XT is handled by up/down buttons on the left and right of the remote. Each button controls a wheel of the vehicle. When the vehicle is upside right, the left controller controls the rear left wheel, and the right controller controls the rear right wheel. When the vehicle is flipped, the controllers control the same wheels, but the wheel positions are reversed. Remote control units for typical RC vehicles respond to pressure: less pressure equals slower speeds, more pressure makes the vehicle go faster. The Tonka XT has one speed, very fast, and the remote control does not respond to a light touch. The vehicle either moves very fast or it's not moving.In addition to moving too fast to allow for any kind of precise control, the remote control unit itself is simply not designed for careful steering of the vehicle. This toy is designed to do stunts which are programmed into the toy itself and thus require no skill on the part of the user. This is not to say that this toy cannot be fun for the right person. I'm not that person but I'm a grandpa, though I do enjoy playing with easily steerable or controllable remote control vehicles, helicopters, and robots. My grandchildren, one of whom is 3 and the other 1 1/2, quickly grew bored with the Tonka XT, but to be fair, the toy is rated for ages 6 and up.I give it 1 star or the lowest rating possible for educational value because as far as I can determine, it has no educational value. Typical remote control vehicles can at least exercise and perhaps help in the development of hand-eye coordination skills, but I don't see how the Tonka XT could do that.The vehicle fits on top of a standard CD jewel case with room to spare. And as at least one other reviewer mentions, the wheels and their axles pick up pet hair (I need to use tweezers to get in between the wheels and the body of the vehicle to remove pet hair).I was disappointed with this toy, but that's admittedly subjective. At least check out a video like the one I mention above before committing to buying one.
This is my 2nd Tonka RC vehicle and it is a major step backwards in toy evolution. I'm just not sure where to start on what a failure this is as a toy that any child or adult would have fun using for longer than a few minutes (right when the batteries die).The 'R' in RC stands for Remote - not Radio - there are no radio frequencies - so you'd think this would mean a longer battery life... but no, you'd be wrong on that. The dark red 'window' in the front of the car might remind you of your TV's remote control - because it uses the same technology... infrared, line of sight remote communication. I tried this first in a patch of dirt near our porch. I tried every button on the remote and got no response. I had just finished charging the vehicle and got no response. I thought maybe it was a traction issue - which was a decent hunch due to the overly smooth plastic 'tires,' but it was because I was outside in daylight. Yes - ordinary daylight. This was late afternoon - around 5 p.m. It's not like I had the sun at high noon with a magnifying glass in front of this thing. It took me a while to figure out what the issue was - I tried the vehicle on asphalt, our caliche rock drive way (we're out in the woods), in the grass, and on the wood porch - and got zero movement from the car. Not even an attempt at spinning wheels - nada... but when I tried it on our linoleum kitchen floor - it took off. I pored over the brief instructions and found that the vehicle doesn't do well in "bright light" because it interferes with the Infrared reception. Seriously? A child can only play with this outdoors at night? Perhaps an overly cloudy dusk? Are you kidding me?! I was able to use it briefly at dusk, but the minute the vehicle goes around a tree, it loses the infrared - because this is line of sight only. So much for having fund with it weaving between plastic cups or other obstacles!Then - there are the controls. Picture a hyperactive, highly excitable Jack Russell Terrier, and then feed said terrier some Red Bull and a bowl full of sugar, and then put that terrier into a room full of feral cats and rocking chairs... and you will get an idea of how this vehicle reacts to the slightest touch of any of its controls.Any remote operated vehicle takes some finesse and practice to get down pat, but this is just ridiculous. Considering normal play hours for a child are going to be during the daytime and that outside play is not possible because of light interference, most kids are going to be restricted to use on hard floor surfaces - and for most kids, that's going to be kitchens and bathrooms, neither of which are huge. I did attempt using the vehicle on non-shag carpet and it just doesn't have any traction - it's like a real car spinning its wheels in the ice - no joy.  So - I tried maneuvering this vehicle up and down the floor of our kitchen - and with the slightest touch of the left or right controller, and it's like the aforementioned terrier. There is a fun action mode that is even more crazy - but it's intended to be random... and it bumps into cabinets and gets stuck.Then - there's the battery situation. There is no wall plug for this gadget. You put 5 AA batteries (not included) into the remote, then plug the remote into the car. After charging for more than 1 hour, you can get about 15 minutes of use - not enough time for a child or an adult to hone the surgical precision skills needed to pilot this temperamental vehicle... not to mention that waiting an hour at a time for 15 minutes of play is just aggravating and gives you the attitude of "why bother?"This model takes the regular frustrations of charge/wait/use cycles to a more painful level for remote control vehicles.It's a cute design and will work upside down or right side up (indoors) - but that's where the positives end.
If you want an RC car that you can flip around and drive down flights of stairs, this one'll do you just fine. It's sturdy enough to take a bit of a beating, so you can bash it into walls and drive it off desks and it'll survive.If you want any more than that, you'll be frustrated.1) The car charges from the remote. You put 5 AA batteries in the remote, and to charge the car you connect it to the remote with a tiny (but at least built-in) cord. It charges pretty quickly, but a charge only lasts 10-20 minutes.2) The remote has a two-thumb style controller. The left joystick controls the left wheels, the right controls the right. To go forward, you push both forward, to go back, you push both back. To turn, you push only one or the other. To spin, you do one forward and one back. It's pretty basic. So basic, in fact, that there's no gradation. It's full-speed or no-speed. Turning with any finesse takes a tremendous amount of practice, since you can't, for example, have the right wheel going full speed and then just ease off the left wheel. It's far easier to just bash the car into various obstacles until it's pointed the way you want to go than to actually turn it.3) The IR remote has a pretty short range, and is pretty finicky. (The instructions say this may be due to weak batteries, but even with a fresh set i had all sorts of trouble.) You have to have the remote aimed pretty much exactly at the car to get it to work. Usually. And i say usually because sometimes the car will just randomly go even if you're not pushing any buttons. (Maybe mine has a short somewhere from that trip it took off the balcony, who knows?)4) The 'special stunt' is nothing more than drive forward, flip, drive backward, flip. You can do that yourself with the joysticks more easily than you can mash the little stunt button.So again, if you just want an RC car to bash into things and flip around, this one'll meet your needs. If you have dreams of navigating obstacle courses or chasing squirrels, this one won't cut it.
There's nothing wrong with this toy, other than the fact it's possibly uncomfortably heavy for some children. Otherwise, it seems standard for it's type. Nothing remarkable nor disappointing, simply an average toy.
My kids used this gun as soon as it arrived, you need 6 C batteries which are loaded in the front of the gun so it becomes very front heavy and they had to use two hands to carry and fire it.  No more Rambo stances with this gun.  However, as a mother I was pretty upset when the kids came in and all their shirts had tons of pick holes everywhere.  The end of the darts is heavy velcro strips so they'll stick to your opponent, and stick they do.  My sons' underarmor shirt was ruined because of that velcro. When you pull off the darts, it looks like a cat sharpened its claws on his shirt. So just be forewarned.  If you've purchased this gun I would now recommend you get the vests so the velcro darts will stick to that instead of your ruining your shirts. The kids were shooting me for fun and it picked my sweater, that's how strong this velcro is.However, it ate the batteries.  In the course of two evenings the batteries are dead.  And 6 C batteries isn't cheap.  Go with a different nerf gun really, this one is expensive, heavy, uses lots of batteries and ruins your shirts.
Very, very cute little dog... but I won't put up with all the hoops of signing up for Smarty Ants and downloading the large files, then paying the monthly fees to keep a subscription.Here are their listed PC Minimum System Requirements:Operating System: Windows XP Service Pack 2, Windows Vista or Windows 7Processor: Pentium 4 or EquivalentMemory: 512 MBVideo Memory: 128MB with Pixel Shader 2.0 and Vertex Shader 2.0Sound Card: DirectX CompatibleDirectX: 9.0cHard Drive Space: 2GBAs I'm sure the owner of this company is noticing, parents don't want to pay monthly subscription fees for games. The thing is, there's already a lot on the market for phonics and reading readiness-- handheld games for kids, books, free programs on the computer (like Starfall), TV gaming console systems, etc. And with any of the physical products, you own them and can pass them onto your next kids, your family members, resell them, donate them to a charity, etc. With a subscription, as soon as you stop paying, it's gone and there's no value left in it for you.This would have to be stupendous for me to pay on an ongoing basis-- and from what I've seen, it's not. What's available on the dog without signing up already got on my nerves, and the preview video was nothing special. So I'm left with a cute stuffed animal that's hiding in the closet now because I don't want to hear the darn "Cat on Mat" rhyme again.
The concept of this toy is intriguing---an online learning system that is combined with a real-life talking toy to support the learning when the game is off.  I am not a huge fan of electronic learning games, but my kids like them, so I figured I'd let them give this a try.  My primary evaluator was a 4.5 year old boy who is a wiz with all things electronic.Before you read my review, remember that the price of this is not really just the $30 for the dog, but the yearly subscription you need to buy to enable the program.  The price is not even listed on Amazon, but it is $25/3 months, or $50 for one year.  To get you hooked, the designers give you a 2 week free trial.I opened the package and showed it to my kids--ages 6, 4, and 3.  They all thought the dog was really funny, and they took turns carrying it around and pushing the paw.  The stuffed animal is soft, and the robotic motions are kind of cool as it sings various songs when you squeeze the paw.  It is actually rather cuddly, which is saying something for a robotic dog.  They all laughed as it spoke, and my son enjoyed running around the house making it talk (and bite his hand).However, it quickly became clear that it was just babbling.  It claimed it was "teaching", but all the dog would say was "ant on mat.  mat on ant" and other nonsensical things.  I could not see my kids learning anything from this dog.  It also only can have 2 things loaded at a time, a song from one paw and a story from the other.  New information seems to delete the old information, and there are few controls for parents to adjust what is on the dog (see below).We proceeded to try the software.  To be honest, the software was a tremendous let-down.  I work with computers for a living and have used plenty of kids software as well.  My 4-year-old is a wiz with the computer.It was extremely slow to load, having to download a bunch of information from the website.  First run took almost 10 minutes.  Once he got playing, it spent about 15 minutes with a swimming pool "evaluation" game that got boring fast.  While taking too long to play, it shouted annoying pool safety messages.  Often, the word my son was supposed to click was not synthesized well by the computer, so he couldn't understand what was being said.  Beyond the pool, the games are visually appealing, but often the rules are unclear.  Some games look like traditional computer games (like climbing a wall), but you have to click phoenems.  While trying to just "be a gamer", my son failed to actually click on the correct phoenem.  The design of the games doesn't make it clear that you have to answer questions, and once again, the text to speech often swallowed sounds before he could hear them.When my son went to play it again the next day, instead of launching, it spent another 10 minutes downloading.  About 10 minutes into playing, it told him it had downloaded more updates, and then asked my 4 year old if he wished to "continue playing or restart".  Yikes!  This is a game for a 4 year old--why do I have to come over 10 minutes into it to explain what it means to restart?  Meanwhile, the restart was another boring 5 minutes.  The next day, it took another 10 minutes to load as it downloaded more information.  During the game, there are "loading" screens with a small progress bar that is hard to see.  Couldn't the designers put better animation during loading?  This is a game for small children.  Even Microsoft Windows has more appealing animation while copying large files.Meanwhile, the parental controls are very weak.  I cannot even find a way to exit the game easily without using Task Manager.  Presumably they locked out the exit feature so a 4 year old could play by himself, but without clear instructions, it is locking me out as well.I had thought the dog would somehow work in tandem with the game.  Nothing in the game seems to use the dog.  But if you play the game with the dog connected via USB, it will sometimes download a new song/story pair.  Now, instead of listening to an inane "cat on mat" song, I hear a song about "Nell has a bad hangnail".  There are no obvious controls to restore the "cat on mat" song, so I can see kids getting upset when their favorite song is gone.  Once again, no parental control lets me adjust what is loaded on the dog.  The dog does nothing during gameplay.  I would have preferred something where the dog was somehow initiated to sing or talk during the game.In short, I do not recommend you buy.  The games are not that educational, the flow of the program can get kids confused, and having to pay a subscription fee for the whole system is just the death knell for it.  There are much better electronic learning toys out there if that is what you desire - SmartAnts just is not one of them.
First off, this dog is REALLY cute.  It's a nice size, cuddly and soft with a sweet face.  As a stuffed toy it ranks up there.As a learning toy?  Ehhhh, not so much.  It takes forever to get the entire thing hooked up and loaded on to your computer and downloaded to the dog, which means we the parent are doing all of it as it's not something you can give to your child to do.  And it takes  at least an hour of monotonous clicking and choosing different options, saying yes/no a zillion times, etc.  Once you do that, you actually need to sit with your child 99% of the time to help them interact.  I prefer to interact with my children through cooking, talking, playing family games together and mostly, going outside to play.  This is not one of those toys where they can spend a little quiet time on their own with their cute little puppy on a fun website, you have to be there guiding them along and that doesn't appeal to me at all.The sound quality is poor.  If you don't already speak and understand English very well, you will have a difficult time following what is going on.  I don't know if it's the voice they chose (a man's voice rather than a cute little puppy/boy type voice)or if the fur is muffling the sound, but it's just not that clear.  The pre-loaded tune "Ant on Mat" is cute and catchy and the way the dog dances and moves his head is adorable.  It's not too loud or annoying, though I'm fairly certain after a few hours in the car I might be rethinking that statement.  Also, you can only download one story/game to the toy at a time, so if you're going on a long trip, your child is going to quickly tire of the same story/song/game instead of having a choice of 3-4 at a time.  The only way to change games is to hook him back up to the computer and download another one (for a fee, of course)The biggest downfall is that you have to PAY for a subscription to keep the toy updated with new games and higher skill levels.  And it's not a cheap price either, we pay less for our monthly phone bill.  Without the subscription, the games stay the same and aren't any different than any of the hundreds of other pre-loaded "educational" toys out there.  And only one child can play with this toy because once you do the assessment, those are the only games you're going to be able to access without paying for a second (or third,etc) subscription.  There are literally DOZENS of free learning websites out there that are much better and are free, why would anyone want to pay for one?  This toy could have been a hit if it were able to interact with PBS or Nick Jr. or something along those lines....or if the website had been free.I'm not a fan of toys that require paid subscriptions to access most of the features and those that require constant that much time sitting in front of a computer trying to get it to work.  Anyone with children knows their attention spans are short and after you've spent an hour downloading, upgrading, etc the new games to your pup, you're not going to be that thrilled when your child comes to you 20 minutes later and says "All done, can you change it?"  Not to mention the fact that this is a furry stuffed toy and I don't know about your kids, but mine are full of lots of bodily fluids that the do no hesitate to share with the world....how is Smarty Ants cleaned?
Here's the thing: people don't really like buying toys that they have to *subscribe* to.  It's one thing for a magazine or newspaper, but for something like a toy, even a supposedly educational one, that's really stretching things.  For starters, you want to take the toy out of the box, do whatever assembly is required (none, in this case, one plus of the Pup) and then let the kids play.  That's it.  Even with educational toys, that's what's expected.I've dealt with Leapfrog products (Leapster gaming system, Tag, and My Pal Violet) and found the set up relatively simple.  Many of their products have an online presence where you download elements to enhance the toy's direct value for your child.  When I opened up the Smarty Ants packaging, my disappointment was immediately and crushing - a PAID subscription, seriously?  Without it, the Pup functions in a generic state, singing songs to your child at what I would guess is about a 4 year old learning level, teaching words via phonics.Perusing the Smarty Ants website, I'm not encouraged by what I see.  Rather than toy-based activities, your subscription gets you access to some songs that the Pup will sing along with an online environment for your child to access.  I don't know about any of you, but I'm trying to encourage my kids to just *play*, not sit on the computer.  They're going to do plenty of that when they get older.  Now's the time for them to be doing things, not sitting on the computer.With Leapster products, you download content for your toy, unplug, and they go play AND learn.  Not so with the Smarty Ants Pup.  I really don't know what the dog has to do with anything, actually - it's more like a little door prize, almost a trick to get you to log in to their site, and there is where the actually "stuff" is.  I don't know, maybe I sound bitter, but I feel like this is a bit of a cheat.  Cute puppy, some so-so songs (which do grow grating very quickly,) and then they jab you with a subscription the value of which is mostly for online content.  If you're fine with your kids being online a lot, maybe this is a good value for you at $50 a year.  I feel like they can get a lot more elsewhere and have more fun *not* being on the computer.The kicker was that I simply left the Pup out for my kids to interact with and just see what happened.  My 5 year old showed absolutely no interest - none - but our 2 year old took to it immediately.  What age groups does Smarty Ants' learning aim at?  4-7.  The toy totally misses the mark.  And that's why Leapfrog gets it right - and gets our money - and why Smarty Ants likely will not until they rethink their strategies.
One, niggling, but very important flaw keeps me from giving even a 3 star rating on this toy.  And if it weren't so critical to the intent/design/objective of the toy, I would not mark it down so heavily.The problem is this:  for a toy whose sole purpose is to teach SOUNDS and words and spelling to kids, the audio quality is TERRIBLE. Bad enough that this thing might actually hurt a kids development (close to exaggeration there), because the words are at best muffled, and at worst, garbled.I wouldn't let that hit the score quite so hard in a toy that didn't sell itself as a linguistics tool, because let's face it, there are some BAD sounding electronic toys out there (meaning, poor sound quality).I checked out the accompanying website, but don't want to get into that too much since this is a review only on the pup, not the PAID website (that's a hint).  It was OK, but my understanding was that the pup would sing along or somehow interact with what was happening on screen, when you have him plugged in.  This is not so, as he is basically just a repository for songs at the child's level of reading/word recognition.On the PLUS side, my 4 year old does like to play with the pup as one of her many "students" (umpteen stuffed animals), which she lines up and marches to "school" or to be in a parade, etc. so he does at least serve that purpose well.Too bad really, I wanted to like this a lot more, but just cannot recommend.  I was even moderately impressed with the robotics (though they are VERY basic movements compared to some on the market today), and the synching of the movement to the songs, but again, not enough to recommend anyone to buy this (and especially NOT for a learning tool).Recommendations that would make this better:- Better sound quality first and foremost...no excuse for this in today's world of low cost storage space, and high bit rate compressed audio formats.- Better integration with the website, which was pretty decent, particularly the skill level checking part (impressed with that).  Heck, even SOME integration with the website would be good...move his head when something interesting happens on screen, or better still, have him sing along with the pup onscreen.
No lie, this is what the dog said as it shook it's head and played some nondescript music:"Storytime.  Ant on mat. Nat on ant on mat. Cat on nat on ant on mat. Rat on cat on nat on ant on mat. Bat on mat. Tap, tap, tap.  No rat or cat or nat on ant on mat. No mat."Watch the video.  All the songs build on the same words.  While I respect their intent to create their own music, neither tunes nor lyrics are interesting.Granted I'd just as soon watch endless episodes of My Mother the Car as see Yo Gabba Gabba that the twins love, but I don't think this dog is going to keep their attention.The dog itself is fine and the way it's head and mouth moves will intrigue them.  The dog seems solidly built, is a nice size and is soft and cuddly looking. But why in heaven's name did they program it with such a stupid story?The 10 songs it came with were equally lame.  You can go to smartyants dot com to see other stories and songs you can download to your dog for $25 for 3 months or $50 for a year.I think LeapFrog missed an opportunity to have a great toy here by choosing media and content that parents will find annoying.I gave the toy to the twins (see photo).  They played with it for about five minutes and then went back to much older toys a counting horse, pom poms and baby dolls.It's now been over a month since I gave the dog to the twins and they have totally lost interest - refuse to play with it at all.  Even their 1 year old brother isn't interested.  I still keep it around because I think it's cute.  Maybe I'll take it to work.
My son is a huge cars fan and I thought this would be a great toy for him. However, this toy needs to be sold as a part of a package. The tower by itself is not fun for a child. While using some imagination can make it fun, for the most part it needs to have other parts attached for full enjoyment. This is not how it is represented on the box. Parents need to be aware this will lead to additional $30 purchases to make this fun and enjoyable for you kids.
Our grandson is a big fan of the Cars movies, so we were pleased to get this playset.It's fun of sorts as is, but wouldn't you know it - this piece is depicted on a beautiful photograph on the back of the colorful box as one part of a LARGE set, which can only be purchased one piece at a time.  For lots of families the $30 price represents a not insignificant chunk of change to be spent on a toy.  Now imagine that one of the primary purposes of your purchase is to serve as an "advertisement" for a half dozen additional $30 purchases.I hate that.  Hate it.Imagine if you saw what LOOKS like a fun bicycle on-line and you ordered it for your grandson and the bicycle arrived not only missing wheels, but with an immense full-color brochure of all the OTHER things you should buy to go with the bicycle.Our grandson's imagination made it possible for him to enjoy this single piece - which is made to recreate a scene from Cars 2 where Holley escapes from Big Bentley - but his first comment as we unpacked the piece from the box (assembly required) was "where's the REST of it??"See - his little 5 year old eyes couldn't help but NOTICE that THE PICTURE ON THE BACK OF THE BOX DOESN'T CORRESPOND AT ALL WITH WHAT COMES IN THE BOX.The misleading packaging stems from a misleading "bait and switch" marketing scheme.  This consumer is not pleased.
I was excited about getting this Tonka Fold and Go Tower because I grew up with a Tonka trunk and I know how much kids love car ramps.  I thought it would be a great combination but I was disappointed with the product.The main feature of this toy that intrigued me was the "fold and go" feature.  I like the idea of a toy folding up so that it does not take up as much room.  While this tower does have two folding ramps, it does not make the toy that much more compact.Because they tried to make the toy compact, the tower itself is very unsteady (it fell over several times the first time my daughter played with it).  The sounds that the toy makes are annoying and do not add that much to the toy.The toy only comes with one truck (Chuck).  I wish that it came with at least two or three.While I would not recommend this toy, I do think that Tonka makes a lot of great products.  We have a number of the Chuck and Friends vehicles and my daughter loves to play with those on their own.
It's work two stars because the kids still have fun with it, but they cars don't quite tumble and the brown ramp and evelator don't quite line up in a way that would be useful.  However it's compact, safe, and the kids manage to have a good time with it anyway.
I had high hopes for this toy. My son (4.5 years old), loves all things vehicle. I did not tell him this was coming, so opening the box from Amazon had him excited.He loved the toy from the moment he saw the package. He ooh'ed and ahh'ed at the fact that he recognized "Chuck" and in fact, owns some of Chuck's friends. It took my husband about 15 minutes to release the toy from the package. There were several twist ties and plastic clips holding it in the box.Without reading the directions, which boys are sometimes known to do, my husband took 5 minutes to put the toy together and figure it out. My son jumped right in. He played with it for about 3 minutes before asking us "what does this do?" We showed him the elevator, the slide and did a few run throughs for him. He then took over and failed to get the same flippy thing that Chuck does that we achieved. My husband tried it again and Chuck flew out the from off a ramp. It happened again and again.The slide fell off a few times, the elevator didn't stay on 'track' like I think it should for a plastic toy for boys. After a good 10 minutes playing, my son closed it up and walked away. He came back once or twice in the next week, but hasn't gone back to it yet.The pro of this toy is that is closes up into a nice flat box. While Chuck fits into the elevator, he will fall out as a 4 year old boy carries it. Even though the age is 18 months and up, I would rate this for more like 18 month (with help to operate) to 3 years. After that, the ability to hold a child's attention just isn't there.
The best part of this tumble tower is the cute little truck that comes with it - both "testers" of the toy (2 yrs and a very young 7 months - not recommended  age) preferred to play "freestyle" with the truck than use the tumble tower - they lost interest in the "tumbling" very quickly.  The younger one actually liked the voice responses when he touched the tower - and was smiling with a 1000 Watt smile..and would intently watch along the older kid play with the truck...  (Luckily, there is a OFF button to power off the voice - but no volume control).  The highly repetitive and non-creative elements of the toy is not likely to sustain a kid's interest for long - encouraging freestyle play - mixing with other playsets, etc is a far better option to get value from this playset.
This "guitar" is too expensive in my opinion! Not a good price: too low for real musicians, way too high for just a toy. If I'm going to spend close to fifty dollars, I'd rather save up a little more for a real guitar for my daughter. If you are thinking of investing time and money for music lessons, look into a real guitar, even if it's a cheaper model or second-hand. If you are looking for a fun guitar toy, there are better and cheaper versions than this out there.This guitar didn't last long for us, unfortunately. While tuning it a string broke, and I honestly can't say I want to invest the money in a new string for a plastic guitar when I think the other strings might break just as easily and I could end up spending more than the guitar itself just on strings that keep breaking while tuning the silly thing.I'm sorry to say, this was a waste of time for us. Even my 5 year old and 2 year old knew the guitar didn't sound right without all the strings working, and they wouldn't really bother playing with it. Again, I would not recommend this toy guitar. Depending on what you're looking for exactly, I feel this choice would either be an over priced toy or an under priced instrument. Look further for something that suits your needs a little better and has the good reviews to back it up.
All the kids in our family gave this a try out. The older ones didn't like it because the are used to better quality and could not play simple tunes. They are 5,6 and7. So they handed it over to the younger cousins, ages 3 and4. They made short work of it, strings all popped in a matter of seconds. Not real enough for older kids, too flimsy for toddlers.
My five year old and nine year old were excited to open this box and start building.  Quickly they both became frustrated with the pieces.  My son (the nine year old) who can put together any Lego set in a snap, was even frustrated that they did not snap together and hold that way.  When he finally got it to snap the way he wanted it to, there were not enough pieces to make a shelter big enough for a small child to sit in.  There are enough to make a shelter for a few dolls to go in.  My kids played with this once and I encouraged them to try it again but they were not impressed and either was I.  I do not think it is worth the 30 plus dollars it sells for.  The plastic tinker toys work even better is almost the same manner.
These are really giant tinker toys with an added bonus at least as marketed, that you can climb inside of your creations! They're marketed as being able to be thrown as a ball, kicked, etc. They don't stay connected well enough for that type of play. The connection balls are too spongy and they really don't hold a shade to support itself. The connection balls aren't cut at the correct angles to build 90 degree connections to the other pieces, further lending to the instability.
The image shows kids building a fort/tent with this. Who doesn't love that. But when you build a structure, it's nowhere near sturdy enough to hold a blanket, let alone large enough for a child to climb into. Maybe if you had 3 or 4 sets, and an engineering degree, you could come up with something.The quality does seem decent, but I'm really not seeing how this is educational, let alone entertaining. My kids will play with it for a bit, then move quickly onto something else.
I normally adore Ravensburger products.  Their puzzles are some of the finest around, with high quality, durable construction and great imagery.  This product is also high quality, but I simply find it an unnecessary deviation from the usual approach.  Puzzle stow-ers typically include a felt sheet with a rigid cardboard tube.  And they usually work just fine; yes, there's a little puzzle piece alignment loss with rolling, but its as good as you can get.  This product replaces the rigid tube with an inflatable one.  I frankly don't see the benefit in any way that would make me want to buy the product (this is a Vine review mind you).  There's a few problems.  First, yes this is whiney, but its annoying to have to blow up the tube to use it.  Second, the tube, while generally high quality (this isn't your standard chinese low grade plastic), isn't 100% flat; as a result, when you roll, more misalignment occurs than you'd get with a rigid tube.  Is it enough to really be a problem?  Probably depends on the size of puzzle/pieces you're working.  If big enough, yes, you'll see a significant impact.  Third, the felt sheet arrives folded in the package.  This is a high quality felt that's thick for repeated use.  Good, but the fact that it comes folded means those creases will remain for a long time (unless you iron, and the heat might destroy the felt - unknown).  These creates also amplify the piece misalignment and do so much more than the tube imperfections do.  Had the sheet come as they usually do (i.e., rolled around a hard tube), creasing wouldn't occur.I imagine one of the justifications for this product is that its intended for very large puzzles (up to 3000 pieces).  I've never seen a rigid tube system for such a large puzzle, but I also haven't looked that hard.  Perhaps the designers were concerned that such a large rigid tube would present storage problems.  This is my fundamental disconnect.  I simply don't see the storage issue as significant enough to accept this product's disadvantages.
Having an easy way to store puzzles-in-progress is a great idea. I was hopeful that this would be a wonderful product for that. I was disappointed that it wasn't. First, because the felt was folded in the box, it left "hills and valleys" on the puzzle-working surface. Ironing may take care of that, but if we store the puzzle mat back in the original box between puzzles, it would be the same problem each time. The inflatable tube that you roll the felt, and the puzzle, around is somewhat slippery. And then it comes with three heavy-duty rubber bands to put around the whole thing. It does work, after a fashion, but just not as well as I had hoped. I would probably try something different before I would recommend this product.
This is an okay toy for kids but the shield is very large while the discs are very small (smaller than CDs).It does impressively shoot the discs around 20 feet and while that is fun, the reload time between disc launches takes several seconds and the motor is quite noisy and not recommended for indoors.It doesn't work in all orientations very reliably and needs to be slapped from time to time when the motor doesn't turn on.
The Marvel Captain America Disc Launching Shield was ordered for my 10 year old son. The first one we received had problems with the spring mechanism and was unable to fire the launching discs. We received a second one.The set up with the launching shield is simple and fool proof. The shield comes with a velcro strap that securely attaches the shield to the child's arm. The shield, when working, fires well. With ours, the disc tends to veer to the right. If you angle the shield to the left, the discs gain air and tend to fly longer.Our son enjoyed playing with the toy, when it was working. For whatever reason, after about 20 minutes of play the toy would stop shooting discs. If we let it sit for more than six hours, it would start working again. There is a safety mechanism that shuts down the motor when you open up the lid. We had problems with this system not reading that the door was shut and thus the motor would not turn on.It's been sitting for awhile while we were on vacation. When I turned it on, the motor sounded like it was struggling to work and the firepower was a little less than before.We were very careful with this toy and there was zero abuse with its handling. Until the spring mechanism and safety latch are improved, It is impossible for me to recommend this toy. Even then, with typical kid abuse, It is hard to see this toy lasting long.
As a family that enjoys regularly playingThe Settlers of Catan,Ticket To Ride,San Juan, andBohnanza.  We should have been the perfect target audience, but unfortunately, we were very disappointed.  If you don't typically play the Euro-type strategy games and are looking for a family game, this is too complicated and not the place to start.  If you do regularly play the Euro-type strategy games, there are far better ones out there.One common complaint about this game is the directions.  The directions are written in a multitude of languages, and it's clear that the English version was not prepared by a skilled native English speaker.  There were places in which the intent of the rule was unclear, and it had to be read multiple times.But, our bigger issue with this game is that it is needlessly complex.  There are a lot of rules and regulations that seemed to exist more for the purpose of jumping through those hoops than anything more meaningful, and there are also a multitude of little pieces to keep track of and set up for each 4-year round of the game.  One of the things we love about San Juan or Bohnanza or Ticket to Ride is that the games are very elegant, without wasted parts or unnecessary rules.  It makes the games easier to catch onto, and more enjoyable to play in the long run.  Asara is much more bloated than that.We also found it difficult to gauge who was winning.  There were just too many ways of earning points, for the highest and second-highest tower of each color (different points for each type), for special decorations, for money, etc.  You could pick your strategy and go for it, but it was really hard to actually tell what progress you were making since almost all points were in relation to someone else (2nd highest black tower equals points and 3rd highest equals no points).My husband, 10.5 yo son, and I would all rather play any of the games we listed above--as well as many other non-Euro games--before we would play this one.  We would never take Asara out of the closet.  It's not that we absolutely hate the game, but there are just so many more better options.  My 8.5 yo daughter does enjoy Asara greatly, however, so we will probably pull it out occasionally.  I'm hoping though that after the novelty wears off, and we get another new game or two, that she'll lose interest and we can pitch the game.
My four year old played with this for about five minutes, and was not at all interested in it.  It says for ages 3 and up, but I think there's a very narrow age window that this would be fun.CONS:-the photos make them look bigger than they are....each are about 4" long.-they twist to activate the "motor" that makes them run (rather than the pullback and release style of other toys)--I'm not sure a little kid could figure that out.-the button to activate the car is the same as the reset button to deactivate it.-cannot be used outdoors-the connecting device has a small notch in it, hard for little hands to line up-VERY noisyPROS:-they drive for a decent amount of time and change direction if they hit something, kind of cool-no batteries or charging required-chunky shapes pull apart and can be mixed with other car pieces (two max per car)-seem very sturdy and strongIn all, these just weren't very fun.  A classic matchbox car lends itself to more play...
These cars have you twist the entire car to wind it. Cute idea and fun. The big problem that ruined it for me is that the two parts of the car come apart. In other words it breaks apart. You can put it back together but it is very easy for one part to get lost and then the other is useless. Would not recommend.
Essentially, I'm not sure there's a need for these cars.  There are better, faster, cars, that don't pose a choking hazard, and don't require significant fine motor skills to operate.  About the only advantage these cars have vs. others is that you can mix and match the front and back halves.  However, this again increases the fine motor skills and time required for play, as one must constantly be aligning and reattaching the cars (the halves tend to pop apart when they crash).In conclusion, I would look elsewhere for your small cars and trucks.
I received this set of ratchet cars along with the full race track kit that can be purcahsed separately.  Overall, these cars are work as advertised, however, the overall quality is quentionable.  We have a total of 4 of these and 2 of them (one from this pack and one from the other set) easily break apart if they are slightly touched.While the race track proved to be useless, my 2 boys did find a use for the cars.  They would setup on on either ends of the kitchen and use release the cars at each other in a type of demolishion derbey.  Whichever car survived the crash was the winner.I would suggest that is you are looking to buy a somewhat different take on wind up cars, stick with buying the cars separately.  Don't bother with the full race track kit as that has serious issues in build quality.We have had these for several weeks now and my kids still play with them so at least the replay value is still there.
My grandkids love cars, especially fire trucks and school busses.  This was the perfect set for them.  I like toys that don't require batteries, which these do not need.  Each vehicle has two parts, a front half that has the power port and a rear half that has the power stem.  The fact that they are in 2 parts means you can interchange the halves between any of the vehicles you have. It also means they come apart easily.  When you put the 2 parts together, you twist the two parts to wind it up.  It is fully wound when you hear a click.  It says there is a safety clutch to prevent overwinding.  There is a button on the top that launches the car when pressed.  They go a pretty long distance. There is no racetrack as was shown in the video.I thought there were some interesting tips and hints included in the instructions:* Do not allow Ratchet Racers to come in contact with water or sand.* Ratchet Racers is NOT intended to be used outdoors.* Do not attempt to retrieve Ratchet Racers if they run underneath furniture.  Ask an adult for helpto help get your cars out safely.In reference to the 3rd tip - if the car goes under furniture, my grandchild is going to be the one to get it out because I am too old to get down on the floor.  They are also closer to the floor!The plastic that the cars are made out of is rigid.  I don't think it would take too hard a drop or fall to cause them to crack.  I am hoping they will endure better than I anticipate.ETA:  Two of my grandchildren played briefly with these at different times.  Not only were they not interested in them, the fire truck quit winding up. I tried to change the durability number of stars to 1, but it wouldn't change them.  I also changed overall, educational, and how much fun to 2.
I really wanted to like the Ratchet Racers, since the concept is very cool.  The idea of interchangeable fronts and backs (even from different sets) might seem mundane to a parent, but for kids in the 2 to 4 range its a big differentiating factor.What I couldn't get behind was the wind mechanism.  In essence you torque the front and that crosswinds the motor, which goes when the button is pressed.  In theory this is cool but in application about a third of the time the shafts don't seem to line up quite right, so I have to take them apart and put them back together before they'll wind (maybe just a defect in mine?).  More importantly from a design structure, the way the pieces wind and house the kinetic energy inherently makes them less durable, whereas if the front-back interchange was independent of the motor (which could've been a traditional pull-back-and-go) I think these would've been better, longer-lasting toys.
My daughter loves the Ratchet Racer cars she got recently, and I went for this drag strip set as soon as I saw it, figuring it'd be a cool extra for her cars. Sadly, the star of this set isn't the drag strip. No, it's the cars that were thrown in that were the best part, and unless they start selling these two in their own set, I don't recommend shelling out the money for this. You know what the worst part is? Before opening the package, I read the other reviews that mentioned how sharp the edges of the strip are and was fully aware of this before putting it together. And yet, I still cut myself. This toy really should be recalled because there's no reason why something for younger kids like this should be so hazardous. At the same time, kids will probably get bored of the strip within minutes, that it'll never pose a threat after it's thrown into storage somewhere, never to be used again.As I said in my review for the silver and blue Ratchet Racer cars, these things are great. They're durable, go super fast, travel far, and you can change the front and backsides with each other. That feature is included here too, and while it doesn't do anything special for them, different combinations for the cars is always a plus for kids. To make them go, you simply wind the front half a few times until it clicks loudly, then put it down and hit the button on top. The car takes off like Carlos Mencia with a voice recorder to a funny comedian's show and if it hits a wall or something, it'll either spin out of control or take the bump and keep going in a different direction. Seriously, these cars are great.As for the track, even if it weren't sharp, there's nothing good to say about it. It's boring, the cars usually don't stay in their own lanes, and the obstacles are kinda lame. It's a lot more fun to make your own obstacle courses with your child, using other toys and objects around the house. Unless your entire home has carpeted floors in every room, there's no reason to use the strip when you can race on any hard floor and get the same results. To be fair though, and again, apart from the sharpness, it has a good design to it, and it's a shame they didn't put more time and thought into the strip. It could've been a great extra.The price on this set isn't bad, and you -are- getting two cars in it. I recommend this set only for those cars. If they make a set of just the cars, go for that instead of this since you'll be saving a little bit of money by doing so. Otherwise, just buy the other Ratchet Racers that are out now- they're great fun and my daughter is still laughing like crazy when we have races and they wipe out after hitting each other.
I received ths set for my 5 and 2 year olds to play with and was disappointed with the overall build qaulity of the product.  To start, the included race track is made of very thin plastic that easily bends/warps/rips.  Putting the track together is very simple, however, we were unable to get any "races" to complete as the track would not sit flat.  The cars would end up crashing into each other or one would get hung up somewhere on the track.  After several attempts to get the track to work, I basically took it apart and put it back in the box.  Useless.As for the cars, they do offer some fun.  As others have stated, the cars use a srange method of winding them up by attaching the front and rear sections of the car and then twisting them until fully wound.  The cars do move quite fast on a tile floor so the kids had fun with them.  However, we noticed that several of the cars (we got an additional set of vehicles for this) do not stay together that easily and a simple bump will have the two pieces break apart.  Here is where fun began...my kids decided to play a type of demolishion derby where they would be at opposite ends of the kitched and release the cars at each other.  Whichever coar stays togteher, wins...So overall I would skip this set as the build quality is nowhere near other manufacturers.  But, if you do happen to own these or still want them, the demolishion game isn't that bad!
The Kid Galaxy Ratchet Racer Drag Strip is nothing special. The kids I had play with it remained interested for about 10 minutes tops. The cars are kind of cute and their appearance can be interchanged, which adds to their desirability, but they don't really do much. The tracks are cheaply made and the cars don't stay on them very well. My kids had more fun just letting the cars fly across the classroom floor rather than fighting with them to keep them on the tracks. One would be able to find better-made and more entertaining cars at their local toy store. These are similar to what one would find at their local Dollar Store. Skip these cars.
My almost 3 year old little boy recently received this toy, as well as another Kid Galaxy remote control toy, and then a third RC car that was a no-name brand.  All three toys suffered the same problems:1.  Battery life short.  This is a complaint I don't often make, either.2.  Remote control operations are very imperfect.  I can't tell you how many times I've heard "why is it not working?"  I don't think it's an issue of interference from other household gadgets...these things just don't work well and give the impression of being designed very very cheaply.3.  High initial interest for the child, tailing off very very sharply.  I think each of these toys enjoyed one partial day of being my son's favorite, and after that they've been completely forgotten and ignored.I will say that watching a 2 year old boy figure out his first remote control toy was really fun for us as parents.  But would I recommend this toy or either of the other two similar ones?  No way.  There are countless better ways to spend money.
It takes a lot of batteries, took a little while to get the hang of, and you need a lot open of space, on a hard surface, because it goes pretty fast and is hard to control the direction it goes in, so not great in small to medium size homes with carpet. But, a child does start playing with it for a little while several times throughout the day even though he doesn't know what he's doing with it. He likes that when he moves around the wand it makes the car go. It's a cool idea with the wand, but I think I would prefer buttons or knobs to press and turn. I think for about $20 there are better toys to spend your money on. He prefers his dump truck that doesn't take batteries and he can push around himself.
This truck is much smaller than I expected. The plastic is extremely flimsy and the graphics are cheesy -- the fireman's face is kind of scary, in fact. While the spinning is kind of fun, I don't expect that feature to last longer than a week -- this is not a well-made toy, and is really disappointing.
First and foremost - 5 AA batteries? Really?  This thing isn't even that big!  It seems like it is a great idea but in reality it's kind of a boring toy that didn't hold the attention of my nephew for more then a few minutes - especially since its functionality was pretty limited.We had a lot of issues getting the remote to work correctly (as I saw others did too), overall a pretty big disappointment.
Now, when I grew up I played mostly with K'Nex. I acquired a few LEGO sets in the past few years, and thought they were a blast. Then I heard about the Nanoblocks a couple years ago, but never go around to getting a set till now. They seemed like the perfect model set to have at an office desk, so why not?Well, yes, they're tiny, but I guess I didn't imagine how frustrating it'd be to put the pieces together. One would have to use their nails for the tinier pieces, or else get some tweezers with rubber ends. There are so many pieces, it can be overwhelming to complete the model in one sitting.I finished it in a few sittings, but I didn't feel as accomplished as I did whenever I completed a K'Nex or LEGO set. In fact, it's not even sitting on my desk. The finished product comes a little lop-sided as the smaller pieces, which were difficult to set, are a bit crooked, having a smaller set ratio, but it doesn't even look attractive in the slightest.Sure, this is a Japanese product, and I understand that the real estate there might not be as big as here in the States or Europe (where we can display large LEGO sets without worry), so it may suit smaller spaces over there. But Nanoblocks aren't for me.
I selected this game for my 2 youngest children, ages 9 and 11 and they did not like it at all.  They told me that the pieces did not connect very well, some of the pieces were missing and the concept was boring. The graphics on game pieces were also bland and uninteresting to them. I would not recommend this game to others if you wanted to play it as intended.
This seemed like a really smart idea for teaching kids numbers, colors, etc., but the design really ruins it.My first issue: you drop a ball into the top of the octopus, and it falls into one of the shoes.  The problem is, unless you release the ball very gently, it comes flying out from under whichever shoe it lands inside.  Secondly, this thing has pretty shoddy construction.  It looks sturdy in the photos, but in reality it's light and flimsy.  It tips over very easily, and the shoes tend to fall off.I think on the whole LeapFrog is a reliable company, but they dropped the ball (no pun intended) on this one.  I mean, as a couple of other reviewers have mentioned, why in the world would a company geared toward education design a seven-legged octopus (emphasis on the otco part)?  This is a dud.I would pass.
This is a seven-legged octopus that kids are able to drop balls into its head, and have those balls come out randomly into one of five shoes.  The game is intended so that they drop a ball in, then look for the correct shoe.  It's gravity powered, not battery powered.  (I don't know why, but I thought this was more like thePlayskool Poppin' Park Elefun Busy Ball Popper.  It's not)  The batteries are for the music and sound effects.We actually saved this toy for months until my daughter was the right age for this toy (9 months).  She shows VERY little interest in this, and far prefers to play with theFisher-Price Cruise and Groove Ballapalooza.  My three year old son, who is above the recommended age range, showed a bit more interest, roughly dumping all the balls inside and then quickly flipping through the feet until he found them.  I've heard that random behaviour is interesting to children, but in my son's case, it didn't really seem to capture either of their attentions.  Maybe for him, it wasn't random enough, since it always came out in one of five shoes.One of my pet peeves about Leapfrog stuff is that the sounds are too long: my son won't lift a shoe and listen to the Octopus say "Not under the Number 2 shoe!"  When looking for the ball, I guess the child is supposed to learn colors or numbers or something, but not in my son's case.  Once he hears "Not!" he's already on to the next shoe, so what you actually hear is "Not under the... Not under the... Peekaboo!"  It's too bad, since we're trying to work on his numbers and letters!I was also disappointed to see how easily it was for him to mess up the octopus by putting the wrong things (action figures, other balls, etc. in there.  It was also quite a bit of work to get some of the stuff out.  And when he puts all the balls inside instead of just one at a time (because seriously, what little kid wouldn't do that?), balls get stuck inside, or two come out at a time.  I don't really think it was designed with multiple balls in mind, which is odd, since it comes with them!
My daugher understood that she needed to put the balls in the top.  The problem was that she wanted to put everything in the top!  Not a good idea.  I had to fish the wrong objects out of the top.  She could lift the "shoes", but she never really seemed all that interested in the concept of putting it in the top and finding the ball under the right shoe.  One shoe came off already after a couple of weeks and I'm not even sure how.  She has balls from other toys and it doesn't work right unless the right balls go in, which is hard because there are so many ball toys.  Toys with small parts are just hard in our house and she only has one toybox!  It seems to me that you can't go wrong with a Fisher Price or a V-Tech toys, but my daughter doesn't care a whole lot for Leap Frog toys.
Until we started calling this our 2-year-old boy's Kindle, he wanted nothing to do with it.  A simple name change, and he was interested in it, for a very short while.  Still, we couldn't get him engaged in it beyond a minute or two.  We are quite certain he is not all that enthused with the poor black-only, bitmap-looking, LCD graphics on the screen.  Seriously, the graphics on the tiny screen are lousy, and our boy is used to playing with our iPhones.  By comparison, this is just a toy.  OK, well it is a toy, I guess, but kids these days expect more.  I asked my wife why they made the screen so small, and she agreed it seems too small to really get kids interested.
I gave this gift to an older, retired person... what a total bomb. This is not for old, arthritic fingers AT ALL. You must be in great physical hand health to make this puzzle. It requires bending of pieces, because all the pieces come flat. But do the pieces even stay once they're bent? No, they can pop apart and you need to start again.Let's just say the person who I gave this to wanted to retire this puzzle and begin working outside the home again.
Ravensburger is known to create wonderful puzzle of all shapes and sizes.  The redundantly of the stripes made completing this one without using the number very challengeling (and in the end I just wanted to be done - so I gave in & used the numbers).Ravensburger craftsmanship is well-known ~ the pieces are cleanly cut; ensuring an exceptional fit.  The thick plastic prevents bending.  You'll may enjoy this puzzle; it will depend on your level of patience - in the end mine ran out!I gave this puzzle a much lower score than any of the other Ravensburger's I've reviewed for two reasons (1) this was the first one I had to end up using the numbers with and (2) the stickers were very difficult to apply evenly. I also do not recommend this puzzle as a gift for the same two reasons above.(HINT: Heed the CHOKING HAZARD -- Small parts. Not for children under 3 yrs.)
Amazingly popular toy, for a reason I can't fathom.  It's a soft toy that makes noise when you squeeze it.  The noise sounds likes a chipmunk in distress to the tune of a song that you need to squeeze the toy three or four times to get enough screeching to figure out the tune.  My kids loved it for about a day squeezing it and laughing and trying to squeeze it fast enough to sing along.  After that initial run the toy has had minimal interest at best.  My wife and I found the sound it makes grating and the lack of any real song or tune that you can understand or sing along with makes us wonder how this is so popular...
The test subject was my two-year-old granddaughter, and I have to report that this toy was a total flop with her.First of all, it initially scared her, and I do have to say that when you see it in real life, it does look kind of creepy somehow. Once she got over that -- at least to some extent -- she did kind of test it out, but didn't seem to develop any interest at all in its musical ability. I don't know whether or not that's due to the fact that she kind of found the toy repellant, or the "singalong" ability just doesn't float her boat. She never did seem to have much interest in toys that do that kind of thing.Anyway, a complete flop in our house, sorry to say.
I gave several of these to my nephews and nieces last Christmas and while everyone was entertained for the first few minutes, they quickly lost interest.  There are different modes that you activate my squeezing the hands, and the "song" mode means you must repeatedly and quickly squeeze the stomach to play each and every note.  It would be nice if there were a "play" mode that would just play the song.  The "jibberish" mode was entertaining and the little ones seemed to like that better than  the sing mode.They are not cuddly and are actually a little hard.  If you have several, they do "harmonize" but not because they recognize the others... just each Sing-a-ma-jig is tuned to a different note so it sounds like they are singing together.Overall, a good 15-20 minute toy, but not destined to become a favorite.
Honestly, this toy is very creepy. I don't even like the look of the thing, with its strange open mouths (singing, I guess) and then there are the weird sounds it makes that only vaguely resemble music. Even I had trouble figuring out how to make the thing work, and then, once it started "singing," I wished I hadn't bothered. Ugh. The kid I got it for hated it, too, so, sadly, this goes into the bin of unloved toys.
Whenever I write a negative review I feel it is most helpful to compare items that I like better. This helps to gauge if you like the same things. That being said, we love games, and especially Ravensburger games. I would highly recommend make and break challenge and labyrinth.  Both of those games are easier, more fun, span several age groups, and can be played more quickly, involving more people. Skip this one. As most of the other reviewers have said, the instructions do take patience. The game is too simple for such ridiculous instructions. The box is huge. There are so dang many pieces! Those pieces do not store neatly in the box, they just float loosely. I am sure this was by design, but for us, we figure we will lose one too quickly to sustain the playability of the game. I do like games that come nicely packaged. We also like games that play quickly. This one does if everyone is on the same level, but it seemed to get boring for my younger kids.
My son loves stuffed animals, dogs, and any toy that makes noise. We received the Fisher Price Laugh and Learn Dance and Play Puppy from Amazon Vine when he was about 11 months old. Back then, he was mildly interested it in and when it clapped, he did too, and it made him laugh. I was never super fond of the toy, as you have to keep pushing the button in its foot to keep it playing - for an awkward toddler, the dog is likely to fall over. The feet don't have sufficient width to keep an unsteady hand from knocking it down. Now, if it does fall down, it is cute in saying "Oopsy!" and laughing. However, it interrupts whatever activity the dog was doing at the time. You have to right it and then push the button again. Also, having one ear labeled "up" and one labeled "down" is not helpful in learning actual "up and down". If the underside of the ear had been labeled down, that would have made more sense. In addition, the motorized actions are LOUD.Fast forward to 14 months. My son, who is afraid of nothing, starts to take an active dislike to the toy. He knocks it down and runs out of the room whenever I try to get him to play with it. I think it's mostly over the very loud noises it makes while moving. He's now 21 months and still feels the same way - he says "No puppy please" and if I try to keep playing with it, he'll start to cry.So overall, there are better toys, with more educational components.
Last year I bought a dancing Mickey for my kids when it was on clearance sale at the local TRU store. The kids loved it as Mickey put out some funky dance moves accompanied by cheap funky music. It was a lot of fun.So I had a somewhat modestly high expectation of this follow-up toy, but, boy, were my kids and I disappointed!  First of all, the build quality (compared to the old toy) has decreased.  For instance, the power switch on the unit I received was actually broken, so I had to use a screwdriver to get the power to turn on.  Oh, BTW, it's wrapped in frustration-galore packaging -- getting rid of all the tape and ties was very frustrating, and one string that was hidden up Mickey's pants almost hurt my little one.Rock Star Mickey will either sing one of two songs (when you press the button on his right foot) or supposedly teach your kid how to do one of his rock star moves.  The songs are REALLY bad -- boring and dumb.  My kids were so disgusted by the songs -- and my kids love real rock music!  The teaching mode is even worse.  The noise from the motors are so loud that they completely overwhelm whatever Mickey's trying to say, and the moves are just plain dumb.  My oldest son loves to dance so he was eager to learn some cool rock star moves.  After about a minute, he gave up and kicked Mickey over to his younger siblings. The younger kids also lost attention after a couple minutes playing with it.Take my words: this toy sucks.  It has no value whatsoever.  We had couple kid friends coming over this past weekend for play dates, and neither of them showed any interest in this toy, even though everyone loves Mickey Mouse otherwise.
We gave this toy to our 4 year old son, and he was very excited about it. The excitement didn't last very long, however. The radio-control truck is a good beginner toy for a small child. It has a simple, color-coded system for learning how to drive it. The controller has different colors pointing forward, backward, left, and right, and the car has the same colors on the top of it.The construction site, on the other hand, does not keep my child's attention. It is a very large toy, taking up a lot of space. The pieces come apart pretty easily, and putting it back together is too difficult for a 4-year-old. Since it is so large, it would seem like there should be many functions to play with, but the truck only goes in, up, and out. (And sometimes it gets hung up so it doesn't actually make it all the way up and out.) It just doesn't hold my child's attention or create any imaginative play.So, in summary, the truck's a hit, but the play-set just takes up space.
In my memory the Easy Bake Oven was bigger and better than this.  The mixes and pans are so very tiny they are hard to work with.  It was a bit fun playing with this again now as an adult, but it's just not worth the money, time or effort needed to get these tiny little treats baked.  Save yourself some money and frustrations and just take your child into your kitchen and make some goodies the old fashioned way.
Foremost, be sure to inspect each of the photos provided by the manufacturer. You may be genuinely surprised at how very over-sized this product is. Do you have room for it amongst all the other gadgets? Do you have somewhere safe to store it? (Maybe in a kitchen cupboard ... but, who really has an empty cupboard anymore? Children absolutely need supervision when using it, so you probably want to keep it in a common area.) So, just be forewarned, this toy is BIG.The big question, the one every parent wants to know: is it fun? When making the first chocolate chip cookie, there was a modicum of excitement. However, once the baking process began, the kitchen was like a ghost-town. I waited (an excruciatingly long time) for the cookie to finish, removed it myself (because no one cared at that point), and my little visitors ate it about an hour later (only because it was sitting on a plate on the kitchen table). And, the consensus when asked about making more? A very frank, "We're done with that. Can't we just make a lot more cookies in the real oven?" Well, I have to admit, that's a fair assessment.Nothing here holds attention. Nothing is learned about the art of cooking. However, it may be a bit of nostalgia for mothers/fathers and grandmothers/grandfathers ...  and, I can understand that. Have you seen theLite-Brite Cube? Not many kids would care for that in a world where they can literally use their parents' computer to create colorful works of art. Nonetheless, I STILL want it (for me)! And, yep, I know the fun would last for less than and hour or two. Hey, I vote that if you are realistic these old-school toys could be a fun romp into the past ... for you:)
I followed the stories about how there was a demand for a &#34;boy&#34; colored Easy Bake oven with amusement but when I saw this black and blue model I thought it would be a great toy for my grandson, age 4.  He's been helping mom bake for years and one of his favorite apps on my phone is the Easy Bake one so I figured this was bound to be a hit.  I thought I knew what I'd be getting, after all I had gotten one for his mom when she was little and it had been a very popular item for a couple years.  What a disappointment!  This is a pricey toy for what it is, add to that the skimpy quantity the mix produces and that you only get one tiny &#34;cookie sheet&#34; no cupcake pan, no other mixes except for the lonely packet of chocolate chip mix! Wow.  Now take into account that the oven takes forever to get hot enough to &#34;cook&#34; and that there is no indicator as to when it is hot enough.  The directions for the included mix say that it is supposed to make 12 cookies -- is this a joke?? -- there is barely 1/3 cup of dry mix and to get 12 cookies you'd have to make them each about the size of a cough drop.  I bought several refill packs of mixes so that we'd be able to whip up a bunch of goodies over a weekend but after the initial cookies didn't cook until they'd been put back in the oven for double time, and given how difficult it was to find a tiny spoon to scoop little teeny cookie dough drops onto the cookie sheet, the kids all lost interest.  The only reason I gave this two stars is because the cookies did have flavor.  My rating is more generous than Hasbro was is this remake of what was once a great childhood memory.
I really wanted the kids to love this, but something is different from the ones that they made when I was a kid (the old fashioned real light bulb ones). The food mixes are very expensive, the cheapest I could find was $2.39 each.The food doesn't taste that good, our picky eater refused to even taste it. The cookies and cakes are so small that they are hard to decorate and overall, while this has alot of potential and that "wow" factor, in reality it does not live up to the hype
My wife and I got our daughter an Easy Bake Oven a few years ago. It was a standard model, no 'special edition' or anything like that, and included the oven, two utensils for cutting/scooping, two pans, two warming cups (for melting toppings), a 'pan pusher' (for inserting/removing pans), and three mixes. My wife and I were never crazy about it, as it always seemed to take a long time to cook and the the mixes weren't particularly good. Our daughter loved it...We decided to get one for our younger daughter, so we got the Easy Bake Ultimate oven. Although it looks a lot nicer, calling this the 'Ultimate' oven is a stretch, if not outright false advertising. For starters, it has almost no accessories... it comes with a baking pan, tool to insert/remove the pan, and one mix. It's debatable whether these extra accessories were 'necessary', however my daughter loved using them and they're selling them over on eBay, so apparently people still want them. It also STILL does not include it's own timer... just a picture of a clock. How hard would it be to add a simple timer to this thing? My wife ended up buying a digital stand-alone timer for $4.Strangely, a purple version of this oven is available with extra mixes, a second pan, and paper cupcake wraps... for the same price...The new feature for this model is the lack of a light bulb for heating (this model uses it's own heat source), however we bought a 4-pack of bulbs when we got our first oven and still have three left, so for us this feature is a minor convenience at best. Second, the oven now accommodates larger pans, which is the one decent feature this model has over our previous oven.Overall, it works fine, my kids love it, but from a parents standpoint the mixes are just 'ok', the bake time is long, and this model in particular is FAR from an Ultimate edition.
Creepy "look" to this one!  Yikes.  The first time I saw this doll, it was laying on the floor on its back, and even from a distance, it looked "off", from the weird shape and size of the mouth, to the grotesquely large head.  Reminded me a lot of some of the abused/disfigured toys you see in one of the Toy Story movies (shudder).Anyhoo, the more important thing is how do the kids like it?For this, I turned to resident 4-year old doll and figurine expert, Sara, who says that she did not like it when it pooped/pee'd.I asked her what she would think about it if it didn't poop and pee?  "Well, I like my other dolls better because they have more things (clothes) I can put on them, and they are softer." (by softer she means more flexible so she can dress and undress them)Bottom line:  Based on her reaction and feedback, and the fact that I never see her playing with it, I have to give it a thumbs down.  Creepiness factor might just be me, so I am not knocking off any stars for that one.Other things to consider:1. Doll does not really look much like a baby...more like a cross between a baby, a frog (because of that freakish mouth) and one of those toddler pageant kids with tons of makeup.  Our 4YO prefers the more baby-like ones, that are more flexible.2. Feeding and changing the baby requires adult supervision, unless you don't mind a big mess; cleaning of the baby after feeding needs to be done by an adult, to ensure no food stays inside; that's one more chore for Mom or Dad.3. The food & diaper refills are not very easy to find. Local Target carries the dolls but has no refills on the shelves.  Wal-mart doesn't carry refills either.  Big fail, there, IMO.4. Doll says many different phrases in a clear way, which is a plus (so many toys/dolls have terrible audio).Bottom line: I think there are better dolls out there, certainly considering the price.  The extra "features" of this particular model weren't at all interesting to my kids (and possibly a turn off), and even ignoring those features (which you are paying dearly for), the "normal" doll fun factor was not even there due to material, flexibility and look of the doll.
My daughter was very excited by this toy at first but she soon lost interest in it. I think she was turned off by the fact that it is not really a "carry around" doll. Being made out of hard plastic it just is not the doll that she wants to take with her when she goes in the car or plops down to watch some TV, etc. It's plastic body just does not encourage cuddling.So, after the initial thrill was over, this toy more often than not ends up in the bottom of the doll basket and rarely gets any serious play time.
When I was a kid, I had one of these fashion plate toys. It was fun. You set the outfit, rub the crayon over it, then color it. So, although the primary purpose of this toy is vanity, I like the creative and artistic aspect of it. My 6 year old daughter was thrilled when she saw it. The packaging leaves much to be desired. It is a clamshell package. I took it out, showed her how it worked, and set her to work on creating some outfits. There are 3 bottom plates (6 options), 3 top plates (6 options), and 3 head plates (6 options).  All the plates fit inside a little drawer. It comes with one crayon to rub with an attachment so you don't have to get your fingers all messy and 4 colored pencils.This is super cheap quality. The lid only closes (on the top) when you have the drawer pushed in. The plates themselves are not exactly even, they are a bit warped and don't lay flat. The drawing area is too small for a regular sheet of paper, but slightly larger than half a sheet of paper. You cut paper in half to use half sheets and they slide around a bit in the top area. Since the plates are a bit warped, you can't get a good rubbing of the pictures. (One skirt and top is polka dotted and not even half the dots will transfer to the paper.) The top is difficult to open. It also easily pops off on the opposite side that should not be opening. The eyes usually don't transfer to the rubbing either.The colored pencils it comes with are pretty poor quality and not good color choices. (Brown, indigo, light pink, and yellow.) They don't have very much pigment in them and you're coloring on top of a rubbing, so you need much more vivid pencils than it comes with.Within about 20 minutes of use, my 6 year old had already found the duct tape and taped the lid down. She likes the product and said other girls would like it too, just use duct tape.
The KRE-O Transformers Megatron set seemed like a really cool project at first. I grew up watching Transformers and my kids have some interest in them but I think the folks at KRE-O dropped the ball here. For starters, you can build this set as a Megatron robot or a truck, but it doesn't actually "transform" between the two like most "Transformer" toys are designed to do.Once you get over that disappointment there is the fact that the KRE-O pieces don't snap together and come apart the same way that LEGO pieces do. My kids and I have built many LEGO sets with various difficulty levels (from ages 6-12 to ages 16+) but this was one of the more difficult building block sets I've assembled because of the low quality of the plastics and the way the pieces snap together and come apart.That said, once you have it together this toy holds together pretty well and makes a nice "display piece" on a toy shelf. I just think a big part of the fun of building block toys is the process of building the toy (which was frustrating at times with this particular toy) and a big part of the fun with Transformers is "transforming them from a robot into whatever else they are and back ... which doesn't "really" happen here unless you consider breaking the toy apart and putting it back together to be the same as a "transform" function.
Feels like Cheap Legos. Basically, the Kre-O Transformers Bumblebee set is a lego-like toy designed to be built from blocks and then played with. The problem is that the blocks while looking like Legos are apparently missing Legos' precision. Legos stick together well once stuck together; however, the Kre-O blocks fall apart constantly while being built adding a great deal of frustration to the process of building the toy. I would not recommend you purchase this toy.
I was so excited to get this for my daughter for Christmas. We have so many great little people toys: the barn, house, bus, plane, nativity set, playground set, and we like them all. We got the barn for Christmas for our son (who was 1 then) three years ago and both kids love it. I thought this would have similar appeal, the animals could use the swing and slide, but neither kid has touched it AT ALL. This thing is huge, twice the size of the barn, and I have tried it in two places with no luck. My biggest complaint is the incompatibility with other little people animals. YES of course I knew other animals wouldn't be able to activate the sounds but I assumed they could at least all hang out together. The zoo animals are a totally different size and shape from all the other sets, they just don't seem to go together. If you're shopping for a Little People toy for an animal loving kid consider the barn.Fisher-Price Little People Animal Sounds FarmMy son and daughter have played with it every day for years, it's excellent. I wouldn't reccommend this zoo to anyone, I'm ticked I have to pack up a brand new toy with it's lame chunky animals and try to find a friend who will find room for it in their house._____________________________________________________________________________________________Well, it's May now and I don't hate this toy quite so much any more. I never got around to giving it away and my 2 year old does play with it sometimes while I'm in the shower. While I do now plan to keep it in my bedroom to entertain her while I shower in the mornings, it's still my least favorite of the otherwise excellent Little People toys we own.
I've had this toy played with by children ranging from 9 months to 5+ years and granted, all had fun with it in their own way. Here are the reactions9 month old - Initially scared by the sound. Later got used to the toy and figured out how to push the red button and get the air to blow out of the elephant's snout. Enjoyed putting her face in the snout and feeling the air blowing up her face. Also enjoyed playing with the colorul little balls. As it is, babies can't play with this by themselves because somebody has to be there to return the balls to popping position for them.2 year old - Enjoyed playing with the colored balls that came in the pack. Was scared of the "ball in air" phenomena and did not play with the elephant much3 - 5 year olds - Enjoyed playing with the elephant itself. It withstood a lot of banging and dropping. They even sat on it and it held up. They liked to sit on the snout and feel the air blowing up their skirt and shorts. Also experimented with dropping things other than the ball into the snout to see if it would shoot outWhy the safety hazard? - Well, the older kids drop all sorts of little toys in the snout and the baby wants to put her face in the snout and feel the air. I dread a scenario where one of those plastic little toys inserted by the  older kids become a projectile, shoots out and hurts the baby in the face.This toy has it's fun part but I cannot overlook the danger it could pose when children of varying ages are playing with it. Additionally, the music is annoyingly loud and there's no option of having the toy operate without music
The idea is cute, the toy LOOKS cute but it's lacking in too many places.1) The motor is very noisy. It's as loud as a rechargeable vacuum cleaner.2) The motor is too weak. The balls only "shoot up" 1/2 and inch to 1 inch. About 30% never exit the trunk - they just hoover at the tip.3) Control is lacking. You rotate the tip of the trunk to change the balls direction. One way it drops the balls on the floor, another it recycles the ball into the launcher, and the other sends it down a chute into the belly. Big deal.The idea is that the child takes a ball from the belly, drops it in the ear, the ball drops into the air chamber and gets "launched". Depending on the direction the nose is pointed, the ball does it's thing.  Only it usually does not. Out of 10 balls, 3 never leave the trunk.  Three will launch in the correct direction, and the remaining will fall short and always bounce on the ground. So even if you have it setup to cycle balls automatically or drop into the belly, almost half the balls will fall on the floor.EVERY problem points to the lousy motor. Weak, noisy and poorly designed.  I don't know why they call it a "ball popper" - the ball does not POP.Skip it.
The Tonka Chuck Flip the Bounceback Racer is a great concept and fun at first, but the quality of the final product left us upset after a mere 24 hours.First, the positives.  The race car itself was quick to take out of the box and start using, no assembly required.  It was larger than I expected (about 8" square) and the kids had a blast just running around with it and looking at the fun color and faces on it.It takes 6 AA batteries for the car and 2 AA batteries for the controller.  The batteries install on the top and bottom for even weight distribution through an ingenius single plastic cover that goes on the end and screws in for safety.  As soon as we had the batteries in the car, I let my 3 kids ages 3, 5, and 7 play with it.  It is really a fun toy, racing along on oversized rubber tires while it shouts funny things.  The controller on has forward and backwards on it (no turns), but the wheels sort of pivot, and by going back-and-forth you can get it to go where you want.The most fun is when you get it going really fast and suddenly change directions.  Often the car will flip on its own tires to the other side, and then it keeps driving upside-down.  My kids had it flipping over by driving up books, pillows, and crashing it into the wall.  The controller even has a second channel capability, so you can buy and control 2 cars.  I also liked that the car turns off automatically after not being used for a few minutes - saves on battery life.So why 2 stars for a toy that had my kids laughing and giggling for an hour?  First, the range is pathetic.  Literally, you cannot get it going fast without chasing the car.  I measured the range with a tape measure and found it to be 12 feet!  How can you race 2 cars in just 12 feet?  The distance was very repeatable and I used fresh batteries.  Every few minutes, I'd hear one of my kids complain that the car wasn't working, and often it had just stalled and needed the controller brought closer.I could forgive the range problem, but on day 2 the car stopped driving fast at all.  It lumbers along slowly.  I replaced all of the batteries with fresh-from-the-pack batteries, and it is still running slow.  I'd say the car is now officially garbage, less than 48 hours after opening the box.The toy is a great concept, with a fun design, cool features, and bright color.  But the fun of the car is ruined by the limited range and poor reliability.
This is a very simple radio-controlled car toy that's fun for a few minutes but has too many flaws to be worth $49.99. The toy needs 6 AA batteries in the car itself (battery hog alert!) and 2 AA batteries for the remote. After you've installed the batteries, you just have to make sure that the remote and car are set to the same channel, press the power button on the car, and you're ready to play.First disappointment: the toy only has controls to go forward or backward. There's no button or lever to make it turn. After a while, we figured out that you can make the toy sort-of turn by making it go back and forth quickly a few times, causing it to shift a fraction of an inch to the right or left every time, but this is a really clumsy way to control it. That's right people - this remote-control car only has controls to go forward or backward. No turns. Unbelievable.Once you've overcome that disappointment, you'll quickly encounter the second one: the range of the remote control is minimal. You have to stay very close to the car for it to respond to the remote control, so unless you run after the toy, it'll just stop once it's about 10 feet away from you.If you make the toy go forward quickly and then suddenly flip it in reverse, the car flips over to the other side, which is a fun feature (and really the only thing that makes this toy stand out) but unless the batteries are very fresh, it will not reach the speed it needs to flip over that way. You can then still make it flip by having it bounce over your foot or another obstacle (or pop in another 6 AA batteries!), but otherwise all this thing really does is go forward and backward.On the plus side: the toy yells out some fun phrases that'll amuse your toddler. The antenna of the remote control is curved and has a blunt tip, which is a really smart feature because it makes it harder for a child to poke itself in the eye. The two channels make it possible to have two cars, each on one channel, and race them without interference. The flip-over feature initially is fun.There are many remote-controlled car toys out there that are a lot cheaper, or offer more value for the same price, so I'd look around at other options before deciding on this one. In my opinion, it's a huge disappointment. It could have been a lot better if they'd added a simple servo and control to allow the user to turn the car, and if they'd increased the range of the remote.
I would say this is a good first RC car for maybe a 2 year old, or a kid that has never dealt with any sort of RC vehicles.We gave this to our 4 1/2 year old for Christmas.  Initially he was excited and wanted to use it right away.Within a minute of using it we was disappointed that he could only go forwards and backwards, and he had a hard time timing the controls to make it flip like Daddy did.He quickly lost interest, and moved on.He will play with on occasion, but only for a small while, not very long at all.Like mentioned this is a total battery hog so add that on to the price and well.
The toy looked like it would be a lot of fun for my 4 year old.  Indeed, he was very excited by the way it looked and got the concept right away. However, he lost interest very quickly because the control unit randomly stops working for several (20 - 30) seconds at a time and not sending a signal to the car. I tried to troubleshoot it, but it didn't seem to be batteries or range related.  Speaking of range, it only works for about 10 to 15 feet.  I suppose that to some this would be good because it can't go all over the house, but aside from the control unit flaking out even at short range, it means that the car doesn't even work within the full size of one of our rooms. If the control unit wasn't flaky and range was better, this could easily earn 3 stars.
Having a one year old daughter, I was excited to try this. She also seems to like bright colorful toys. What attracted me to the toy was she always has loved to bounce. She had a jumperoo and it was used a lot until she exceeded the weight limit. Also, the built in music box, my daughter loves anything with music.Opening it and putting it together took about 20 minutes. Directions were fairly easy. As others have noted, be prepared to get the wheels on. I could not do so and had a friend help me. He works at UPS and even struggled. He was scared it was going to crack the plastic they were going onto. Once on though they stay on. Just be prepared that they are VERY hard to get on and a lot of force is needed.Sadly, this toy did not live up to my expectations. I thought my daughter, who is a full walker, would be using it a lot. She is barely interested in it. I have placed her on it and tried to get her to bounce on it, she walks away. Another parent stated that the toy is small. The footprint is about the same size as other `rides' but the other parts, (handlebars, seat, upper frame, etc.) are a lot smaller. My daughter is rather large for her age and tall and she seems like she dwarfs the toy. We also have laminated wood floors and carpet and honestly, it does not roll smoothly on either.  It has very flimsy wheels considering how hard they are to get on. I think the other bikes have a lot more features and toys on them. My daughter has two other bikes at her grandmothers where there is a lot more toys and lights up and the construction is just better. She bought those for $5 at Goodwill.All in all, I cannot recommend this toy. It is barely used and does not have a lot to offer. Another thing I did not like, there is only ONE sound setting. All other toys I have bought (Fisher Price, Leap Frog), have a low and high setting. This bike only has one sound and then off. I wish it had a low and high.Not impressed with the toy and my daughter is not either. Sad, it looked nice but does not do much.Added December 22, 2011. Since having this in my home, I have left it out in my daughter's play area and she does not touch it. I have tried to put her on it, she walks away. She is 14 months today. She has another `bike' she received as a gift and pushes it around every day and plays with it. Amazon does not carry it or I would link it, but it is called Dora The Explorer Fairytale Ride-On. I am surprised since my daughter LOVED her Jumperoo and anything that bounced but this does not hold her attention.
I'm new to the Beyblade series of toys. After playing with my son and browsing other Beyblade items, the toys seem to be a cash sink with no lasting entertainment value.I have a five-year-old son who took to this right away, but the mindlessly repetitive nature of the game quickly bored him. This is something of a starter set; to get anything out of building the tops and swapping around parts, you really need to buy several more tops (which can run $10-$20 each). Seemed like we had a lot of ties between the two tops no matter which insert was in the stadium.The tops can definitely get some bounce to them after launch so it's a good idea to make sure your child isn't hanging over it or sticking their hands in when the tops are released. They don't spin for very long, and if you don't set the top just right in the launcher, it will easily fall out. The plastic parts are cheaply made, especially the stadium, which is extremely flimsy. The set is very overpriced for what you get, and storing it is a bit of a hassle.Unless your child has shown serious interest in building the tops and playing this with friends/siblings, I'd choose another toy.
My son immediately opened it and started playing with it.  It was clumsy moving left to right and seemed rather loud for a small toy.  You need other Beyblades for this one to attack or repel, it must do it based upon magnets within itself and other Beyblades (??).  So the attack and repel modes didn't work without a second unit. It's basically just a spinning top. He played with it a few days and then the batteries were dead and he didn't ask for new ones so I know this toy was a bust. But later my husband looked at it and he tested the batteries as good, so it just quit working. And for the price? Wow, that's expensive.
This gun is a good idea but it is executed poorly.  The gun seems sturdy enough, and its shoots well, but it shoots crooked.  All of my three kids tried it, and I tried it, and it always shoots very heavy off to the right.If this thing shot straight, I would have given it a 5 star rating because it could be a really fun gun.  But none of my kids chooses it in any Nerf gun fight we have because it just does not shoot straight and it becomes irritating to use because you have to aim off to the left all the time just to hit your target.The scope is also very loose and wobbles around on the gun.  Truth be told, scopes on Nerf guns are just gimmicks anyway.  But this one is just plain goofy.  You couldn't even use this scope if you wanted to.  The plastic "lenses" are so distorted that it is near useless.  The scope takes two AAA batteries to run the flashing lights inside it.  Even my 7-year-old had no use for it.  We put batteries in the scope, everyone looked through it, didn't think the lights were impressive enough to matter, and then we took it off never to be used again.The gun seems to be sturdily built enough and it appears it should last a long time.  It also takes six C batteries to run, so that will add to the cost.  I have not used it enough to know how long those batteries will last.This could be a great Nerf gun.  But it is not.  No one likes a gun that does not shoot anywhere near straight.  Maybe it is a fault of just the gun I have.  Hopefully, it is not typical of all of these guns.  But I can only tell you how my gun functions.  I was given this gun as a gift.  I don't know what it cost.  But if I had paid for it myself, I would probably take it back for a refund.Like I said before, if this gun shot straight, I would give this gun a 5 star rating.  But it doesn't, and so I didn't.  The gun (at least the one I have) does not function satisfactorily.
My daughter had so much fun playing with this at first, until she got REALLY annoyed that the recipe card holder kept falling the wrong way. I inspected it a few times and made sure I assembled it correctly, and I did.  My daughter tends to be a little OCD about things so she felt better about the toy once I'd just removed the recipe card holder.There is something strange about the setup.  I like that the "side table" or "cutting board" can be put on either side, but it doesn't hold all of the utensils correctly, so a lot of them are just floating around the playroom now. I'm not OCD but I do think that if you make a toy with so many accessories, you should be able to store them all inside or on the toy somehow.It's fun for her to play with, just seems a little disorganized in the design.  The battery life is great, though, and except for the recipe card issue she plays with it often.
This toy feels flimsy to me.  There are lots of small parts and stickers that need keeping track of, but aren't particularly durable to use outside of the play oven.  I feel like there have got to be other play ovens on the market that are better-made.  It's also quite small -- note in the picture that the child is standing next to it; the oven is on an elevated surface.  It's way to small for a two year old to really want to play with it in order to engage in "big person" play.I wouldn't buy this.
My son is days away from turning two and I gifted this to him for Christmas. Given his intense interest in cooking (watching me anyway), buttons and lights, I thought this would be a big time pleaser for him.So far he's opted to play with the play food and utensils (moving them to his Step2 Kitchen) and has pretty much abandoned the grill.I can't blame him.It's tiny, even for him.All the detachable pieces literally slip or fall off with the slightest touch, EXCEPT the doors which are oddly rather difficult to open.Maybe he'll get into this toy once summer rolls around and I do more grilling outside, but for now there is no lasting appeal even with the fancy flashing red light inside.
My daughter was very excited by this toy at first but she soon lost interest in it. I think she was turned off by the fact that it is not really a "carry around" doll. Being made out of hard plastic it just is not the doll that she wants to take with her when she goes in the car or plops down to watch some TV, etc. It's plastic body just does not encourage cuddling even though this doll really seems interactive and designed just for this kind of play.So, after the initial thrill was over this toy more often than not ends up in the bottom of the doll basket and rarely gets any serious play time.
What a disappointment! The doll is basically unable to move her arms or legs or change her clothes like a regular Barbie-style doll- it's more of a showpiece or collectible than a toy. The doll is beautiful and my niece loved that the doll sang; unfortunately for me, she doesn't stop singing because there's no on/off switch or volume control so it can be quite annoying.The box claims that it sings the song from the Tangled movie, but in reality it only plays about 7 or 8 words of it, another disappointment for my niece. The dress lights up which is cool, but I certainly feel this is a waste of money for the very limited things it can do. Get a real Barbie instead!If I could move this doll's hands, I'd give her a thumbs down!
I think this doll is really cute to look at. HeR face is cute and her outfit and feathers are colorful. However, she has strange proportions (big head and very small body). Our daughter (4) played with her for about 30 minutes the day she got it (about 2 months ago)  and hasn't played with it since. I think the problem is that she doesn't have hair that can be brushed, outfits to change, or "food" to feed her. She is too small for other baby stuff and isnt very cuddly. What is there to do?
This toy had a lot of potential but I think the makers have made it too complicated. It is very hard to operate for even an adult. The (canon)balls would not fire properly at all. Also changing the shape of the car from one to two story is a big hassle and the instructions are very unclear.
I had my 12 year old son put this together and he did it in about 15 minutes flat only to find out that when you put the batteries in and turn it on, nothing happens.  I then removed the back panel of the motor (the big blue piece that shoots the cars through the track) and found the hot wire (red) was severed.  I soldered it together and we now had a working motor.  Once working though we found out that it shoots the cars so fast and up in the air to hit the release for the next car that it almost pegged my 4 year old daughter in the face.  If you have little kids, you definitely want exercise supervision when using this toy.  It is the return motor that is the problem.  Basically you drop a car into this funnel, the car gets on the track and hits the first motor which shoots it through the loops.  Upon return the car passes another motor and hits a 90 degree ramp that shoots the car into the air to hit a sort of 'drop zone' ledge where the next car is waiting to go.  Its this last part that is dangerous.Bottom line is you should have a good working knowledge of electronics if yours arrives DOA like mine did and you should also exercise caution with little children around this toy.
From a kid's point of view-namely my two 5 year old nephews-this track is a hit. But from an adult point of view, I kind of find it annoying to deal with. The directions are not terribly descriptive and I had to do some guess-work. Once it was all set-up, it worked fine for awhile but then pieces started coming off the wall. I noticed that if the kids pressed a little too hard onto the track, off it would come. I've lost count how many times I've had to fix it. Also the cars tend to stuck in the loop.But amazingly, none of these problems really affect the boys and they still have fun playing with it when they come over to visit. It does seem like a fun idea but there is definite room for improvement.
Does adding grating sound-effects yield a better game? Maybe ... if the player is in elementary school. In fact, it would appear that this game is geared toward young children since it demands little more than the lexicon of an eight-year old. Is this a reflection of our fast-food culture? A flimsy game that fails to offer any hint of a challenge, but makes plenty of ear-piercing noise? Great.While this game may seem like an economical find, be aware that batteries are not included. Also, rest assured that the plastic housing can withstand very little abuse.If one wanted to find a positive in this game (somewhere), perhaps one could say that it's well-suited for travel. It is quite small and can easily fit in a carry-on bag. Even still, this is overly generous since the game just isn't entertaining, educational, or stimulating.A rare misstep from a genuinely iconic brand. Such a pity.
I read a lot of nice reviews but it didn't impress me at all. It's smaller than I expected and personally, I thought it was a bid of a waste of time and money. It's not something I'd buy for my kids and I wouldn't give it as a gift. It just doesn't seem like much.
After getting this reindeer Sing-a-ma-jig I am wondering what all the hype is over them. To begin with, I think they look weird. I mean, why a blue mouth on this reindeer? Why not at least make it brown to match, or even red like lips? (Every one of them is strange looking.) But I figured the musical fun would be the redeeming quality. I was wrong. It is very boring. I got this for the special needs boy I take care of and he got bored very quickly. He loves musical toys, but for this stuffed animal you have to press the tummy quite hard for it to sing out every single word of the song. And other than that, it does very little else. It makes a few noises if you press the hand.Maybe you need more than one to get the full benefit, but I just don't see this as being all that entertaining. My little kiddo is not even interested in just playing with it with his other stuffed animals (which is one of his favorite things to do), so it's just been sitting around this week, collecting dust.
First off, if you're a Sing-a-ma-jig fan already, I suppose you should just skip over this review, you'll probably enjoy this holiday version, which is actually cuter than the snowman. However, for me, I just don't get what all the hype is about these things.My 5yr old first saw Sing-a-ma-jigs in the Fisher-Price catalog and without even knowing what they did, she thought they were cute and wanted one. Well, this snowman, not so cute...they lost her somewhere with the weird/creepy mouth. Then, upon feeling the material and stiffness of it, I cannot imagine any child getting snuggly with this.Okay, so the point of these isn't a bedtime lovey, so let's talk about what they 'do'. I'm not sure how all these younger kids are having fun with these because this one isn't super easy to squeeze on, and yes, you have to continue to squeeze for each note. The mouth becomes double creepy once it starts moving... yeah, my 2 yr old wanted nothing to do with this. The "jibber jabber" it speaks almost sounds like something is wrong with the toy! I can't imagine this being anything short of obnoxious to listen to nor can I see what benefit it is to a young child to listen to. Which I should also mention that this toy is loud and I for one would not want my child holding it up close to her ear (which for some reason kids are drawn to do with toys that make noise).Again, if you already know you like Sing-a-ma-jigs then please ignore my review, this would make a nice additon for a collector. Or maybe even if you've seen these things in person and it's your type of toy, sure. But, if you're like me and my oldest daughter and just read about these or saw them in the catalog, there are definitely cuter holiday stuffed animals out there to stuff a stocking with!
The package says for 3+ years but I'm not sure it would hold their interest for long. In order to hear him sing the song "We wish you a Merry Christmas" you must press (hard) on his tummy for EACH word of the song. Some kids might not press hard enough or hold it down long enough. His mouth opens at each word. If you click on his hand he may say hello or just sound out a "daaaahhh" for a tune then say bye bye when the toy is left idle. Perhaps if there was a switch to turn in on and let it finish out the song it would be more impressive. Our "tester" (a 4yr old) did not pick it up again after trying it the first time.  She was not impressed, and neither were we.
First off, if you're a Sing-a-ma-jig fan already, I suppose you should just skip over this review, you'll probably enjoy this holiday version. However, for me, I just don't get what all the hype is about these things.My 5yr old first saw Sing-a-ma-jigs in the Fisher-Price catalog and without even knowing what they did, she thought they were cute and wanted one. Well, this snowman, not so cute...they lost her somewhere with the weird/creepy mouth. Then, upon feeling the material and stiffness of it, I cannot imagine any child getting snuggly with this.Okay, so the point of these isn't a bedtime lovey, so let's talk about what they 'do'. I'm not sure how all these younger kids are having fun with these because this one isn't super easy to squeeze on, and yes, you have to continue to squeeze for each note. The mouth becomes double creepy once it starts moving... yeah, my 2 yr old wanted nothing to do with this. The "jibber jabber" it speaks almost sounds like something is wrong with the toy! I can't imagine this being anything short of obnoxious to listen to nor can I see what benefit it is to a young child to listen to. Which I should also mention that this toy is loud and I for one would not want my child holding it up close to her ear (which for some reason kids are drawn to do with toys that make noise).Again, if you already know you like Sing-a-ma-jigs then please ignore my review, this would make a nice additon for a collector. Or maybe even if you've seen these things in person and it's your type of toy, sure. But, if you're like me and my oldest daughter and just read about these or saw them in the catalog, I'd be wary of them, especially the snowman!
The Dora kitchen saw limited use with my kids.  We replaced it with a KidKraft one, and I was happy to see it go.  The only thing my kids liked about it was the included toy food.There's not much to like about this product.  It's rather hideous looking.  Dora's voice is extra annoying through the cheap speakers. There's no on/off switch or volume.  The fridge shares a shelf with the oven, which is just confusing.  The sink pulls out too easily, and the counter pretty much invites kids to climb it, which is bad because the unit tips over very easily.My recommendation is to take the money you'd use on this unit and put it toward saving for a much better unit.  As I said, we replaced this one with a KidKraft one and it's infinitely better in every way.
Barbie is cool. My daughter loves her Barbies. But this product, received through Amazon Vine, is just too much work. She can't use the computer and printer without adult help, and she never really cared to ask me to help. This comes with a Barbie, but if you want to just buy the extensions, you can buy those separately. Save your money and buy something that is a little easier to use.
My husband says to give it one star.  He kept asking what's the point.  --  okay so he is not a fan.the toppings tray on the side of the pizzeria is supposed to rotate (however could not get it to do that)While rated for ages 1.5 yrs and above to me some of the pieces seem too small for 1.5 years.  They may not be a choke hazard but still seem to small.The delivery vehicle is the only piece I really liked and the only piece that seemed truly interactive;
I looked forward to playing this game, but was very disappointed. It sounds fun - each player rolls five dice and adds their roll to the roll of a common die. I thought it would be more like Yahtzee, but it was not nearly as fun as that classic game. The common die gives the chance for each player to double their score, which helps someone come from behind and catch up with the player that is leading. However, when rolling only 5 dice, the odds of getting a decent roll were slim. It was almost impossible to get anything more than a three of a kind, and that was hard to do. This made the game more frustrating than fun.  I've never played the original Farkle, and we had to make some house rules because many portions of the instructions were unclear, which added to my frustration.  The instructions referred to online video directions being available, but I didn't think it was worth having to watch a video to learn to play what should have been a very simple dice game.For those familiar with Farkle, the common die may add an interesting twist, but the bubble-popper and dice risers are unnecessary. The bubble-popper for the common die does not roll the die well and seems like it would break after a few uses. We took the die out and rolled it by hand. This was much easier and kept the game moving more quickly. (On a side note, when we removed the die from the bubble-popper, it looked dirty!) The dice risers are rickety and make the play of the game more confusing. Since you can't combine the numbers you get on individual rolls, it's necessary to keep track of what you got on each roll within a round. It was impossible to do this on the risers, so we just started putting the dice aside from each roll and not using the risers at all.The dice themselves are sturdy, even though the white coloring started coming off the numbers after only a couple of uses. I like that there are four sets in different colors so each player can have their own color. However, the red and orange were too similar in color and it was hard to tell them apart.Overall, I think the dice risers and bubble-popper are flimsy and just a gimmick to make more out of the game than there is. It's not an exciting game and became very boring when it became clear it was too hard to get a decent score from an individual roll.
I tried to get the kids to play this with me but it wasn't happening.  The biggest drawback to the game is that it's a real-time race to 10,000 points.  But you have to follow the Farkle rules - which are less obvious than Yahtzee - and keep a running tally of points in a hurry.  I've never played a game that required a speed element to math.  This is not only a hindrance, but just not fun, and may create problems with players who aren't good with adding or writing.  It seems like they took a fun one-on-one game and took it too far.  Add to that some complicated rules about the die in the middle being reusable, but you have to remember how you used it, etc. and you get a lot of work and and a bunch of cheating players who can't be checked (yes my family cheats!).In the end, we never played it.  If you got only grown-ups playing this, this could work, but with a 9-year-old, no way.
This game isn't very engaging, even for our four-year-olds. It's basically an over-produced matching game, with enormous game pieces. It's huge colorful board is eye-catching, as are the cards, with their fun multicultural characters and presents.That's about all this game brings. Play involves no strategy, is luck-based, and there's little variation in play options. Our kids lost interest about halfway through the first game, and were more interested examining the detail of the artwork.In all, it's not as engaging or versatile as the description says, definitely not for the "whole" family. There are other great games for this age range, such as Catan Junior, and Kids of Carcassonne.
I thought a solitaire game of yahtzee that I could play anywhere would be a fun thing.  I tried all the games several times and really didn't enjoy any of them.  First of all it took me quite a while to figure out how to play the various games, because you have to be pretty fast to keep up with the dice.  You roll once and then separate out what you want to re roll and keep the others touching.  But if you don't do this pretty fast you will loose the ones you want to keep as the dice will re roll while you are trying to get them back together.I also found it hard to see the little screen and I tried several different kinds of light to find the best one, none of them seemed to work.  The scoring happens really fast not giving you a chance to figure out what is happening, but then it takes a long time for it to reset back to the game choice menu.My two year old grandson has had fun playing with these little squares, using them like blocks.  That is about the extent of the entertainment value.  These might be fun if you were stuck with no power for some reason but 5 dice which would take up less room would be far more useful.  You can't even make up your own game on these, they must work according to the program.
From my wife:I had high hopes for this game and thought it would be a great game to play with the kids that I work with, but after receiving it, I was disappointed.  This game is very difficult to keep up with due to its fast pace.  It's much harder to catch onto this game than the original version.  This game is electronic and may be more enticing for children compared to the regular Yahtzee.  It is also fairly portable which makes it convenient to take with you on trips.  However, this game is more expensive than the regular game and is not, in my opinion, worth the extra money.  Looking at all of the features of regular Yahtzee and comparing them to this digital version, I highly prefer the regular Yahtzee game versus this digital version. If you have never played the regular Yahtzee game, you may have a different take on this one.
I generally enjoy Crayola products, but this one was a bit of a dud.  This looks like it would be much more fun than it actually is.  We played with it once and were unable to make anything worth keeping.  The whole process of making beads and drying them on the drying stand is a little cumbersome.  The kit indicates that you can make marbled designs by twisting two colors of clay together and then smooshing them onto the device, but our designs weren't particularly attractive.  The packets of "clay" were small and dried out quickly to a weird spongy-textured mess. There was very little "value added" in the kit.  Not highly recommended.
Kids love to color, so a toy like the Crayola Crayon Maker would seem like an ideal addition to any home with children under the age of eight. Coloring with your child's own crayons he/she just made would seem like a great creative addition to an already fun activity.Unfortunately, the fun with this toy stops at the concept itself. Making crayons is a great idea, but this device has several issues that prevent it from living up to its potential. The way it works is simple enough- you place the crayon material on a tray and set a timer. The heat from the lightbulb melts the crayons, which are then poured into a mold. You then wait for them to cool and they are ready to use. This sounds simple, but there are all sorts of problems along the way, and many of them seem to stem from Crayola's desire to apparently make the crayon maker as safe as possible.One issue is with the locking mechanism. As you move from one step to the next, the device locks itself and you cannot unlock until the cycle is completed. For example, when the crayons are transferred to the molds, there is no way to unlock at this point. You are forced to wait for the crayons to cool before you can open. Issues with the timer are similarly frustrating- if your child accidentally sets the timer prematurely, you have no choice but to wait until it is finished. You cannot move the timer forward. You have to wait for it to complete its cycle.Another issue I have is with the melting phase. There is no buzzer or anything to tell you that the crayons are ready to transfer to the molds. Thus, you have to pay close attention and make sure you are there, when the light bulb goes off, ready to transfer. If you don't act promptly, the crayons will cool off and solidify in the tray.These frustrations might be tolerable enough for more patient types, but there is one ultimate frustration is enough to make you want to give up and ask for a refund. I am referring to the amount of crayons included in each package. You get only enough to make two crayons! You heard me correctly- two small crayons! When you consider what you have to go through just to get a pair of crayons and when you consider how inexpensive crayons are, it makes you wonder why you even bothered to obtain this device in the first place.Making crayons can be fun and there are many ways to make them using ordinary household heat sources, utensils, etc. I recommend making crayons the old fashioned way and skipping the Crayola Crayon Maker completely. It is a good idea gone bad and I can only hope that Crayola has a new and improved version in the making.
This toy has a great concept, but that's about it.  You load broken crayons into the top two trays and set a timer, which turns on the lightbulb for about 10 minutes until the crayons are melted.  Then you have to manually turn another knob, which pours them into the molds.  The lid stays locked for another 15 minutes until the crayons are cool.I had several major frustrations with the design.  First, the self locking mechanism is enough to make you want to pull your hair out.  If you start the timer at all, the lid locks until it's done running - about 25 minutes.  If there's a problem (e.g. you forgot some crayon pieces, the light bulb isn't screwed in all the way, your child turns the knob because they think it's fun, etc.) then you're stuck waiting for 25 minutes.  I tried running it with the lid open, but the designers must have thought of that because it won't run.  You also can't skip the timer forward at all.  I know it's a safety feature, but children young enough to get burned shouldn't be using it without supervision anyway.It's also annoying to have to babysit the thing.  You have to really pay attention to when the light bulb turns off (it doesn't ring a bell or anything) or else the crayons will harden in the tray instead of in the mold.  There's nothing automatic about it except for the light turning off.Another major frustration is that the mold is only about the size of 1/2 a crayon (it has four slots).  They include plastic joiners so you can "make" two full size crayons, but in that case, you might as well just use the joiners on your broken crayons and skip the mess.As for the swirling... that's not all that great either.  You have to place the crayons in the tray in an alternating pattern to get it to swirl at all, but because of the way the tray tips up, it mostly just gets mixed together into a uniform color.All in all, a great concept but very disappointing execution.  Save your $25 and buy a new box of crayons or make homemade crayons in your kitchen.
I can remember recycling my broken crayons as a child. We didn't have fancy contraptions like this, just an oven and a muffin pan. So, I was excited to try this "crayon maker" by crayola with my 3 & 5 yrs olds.Ugh, this was a letdown! First off, it's nearly impossible to figure just the right amount of broken pieces to use. Too much and it over flows, making a very difficult waxy mess to clean up. Second off, it takes along time to make just a couple of crayons. My kids and I were not digging the final result, the small, half sized crayons that require the supplied holders to keep together and are very fragile. The colors also seemed to melt together, so the crayons turn out one not so swirly color. Once the wax hardens on the metal tray it near impossible to clean off! Overall, not worth the effort.My kids were bummed with this after being so excited about the idea. I pulled out our heart shaped muffin pan and they spent the afternoon peeling crayon pieces and filling the tins with their own mixes of color, and watching them melt through the oven window (in half the time it took this product! aprox 10min at 350degree oven). We set the pn out in the snow (freezer would work) and the crayons popped out with ease! The end result, ma thick, sturdy, easy to hold, fun shaped, colorful, homemade crayon!:) And, two happy little girls! All this with things you probably have around the house, broken crayons, a muffin tin and an oven! Trust me, the results are a lot better and you won't have to find a place to stash another toy.
I had seen these crayon makers in stores but always heard negative things about them.  You can melt crayons in an oven to make new crayons, after all, so why buy a machine to do that?  When I received this, it looked like such a cool idea-- you could even watch the crayons melt before your eyes, and then turn the switch to pour them into molds.  You'd have brand new crayons with swirly colors!  My son and I were intrigued.  He's 5, and very into coloring, and he couldn't wait to make his own crayons.  All we needed was a candelabra lightbulb (which thankfully, we had sitting around) and some broken crayons (though the toy did come with some crayons to break and use to make new crayons).I don't know if we did anything especially wrong, but when I opened the package and started reading the instructions, my son looked at the machine and turned the knobs you use for the timer and pourer.  It was just curiosity, and he definitely didn't turn the knobs hard enough to break anything, but because he turned the knob, the child lock on the crayon maker turned on and we had to wait for that to end before we could begin our experiment.  And then when we started the machine to make our crayons, the knob with the timer would not work anymore.  No more timer clicks, which means that although the machine did its job and we made brand new crayons, we cannot get the knob to go to the "unlock" position to get our new crayons out.  The troubleshooting guide lists this as an issue, and we tried "resetting" to no avail, so I guess we need to call for a replacement.  Very disappointing since we have our crayons locked inside this machine, and no way to get it out unless my husband fiddles with the machine.  I guess we'll have to call Crayola's customer service and see what they say.I obviously don't know if this will happen on every Crayon Maker toy, but it was disappointing enough to our family that I wouldn't recommend this toy.  Like I said, we'll see what Customer Service has to say, and I'll update if I change my mind.
My family loves to play games when we are all together.  We like card games and board games both.  The holidays are usually spent eating followed by clearing the table and playing games for the rest of the night.  I took along this game for Thanksgiving to give it a go.  Ages were teenagers, 30s, 40s, and 60s.It was kinda fun, but the rules were confusing (for example, when someone doesn't get the answer, it goes around the table and it took a while to get used to NOT blurting out the correct answer when they got it wrong), it seemed to take forever, and the questions were a little out there for the most part.  The teenagers had no clue for a lot of the questions (they don't know about discmans or pitney-bowes, etc.).  A few were a little too detailed that unless you were really into that thing, you would have no idea.  We also kept getting confused on colors--meaning, the player pieces were the same colors as the board spaces and we were getting confused when we would say purple to yellow and my mother-in-law would pick up the yellow piece and move it to a purple space instead of the other way around.Overall, the game was a bit long (we didn't get all the way to the end and played for a couple hours) and the questions were too detailed or obscure.  Although it might be fun for some, it just isn't for our family.  I see this one sitting on the shelf for a while and probably not being played again.
My kids adore Lalaloopsy! They were thrilled to get this treehouse. It is cute and fun.The pieces are tiny. Not just the dolls, which are much smaller than I would have anticipated, but there are little accessories that are so tiny. It'd be difficult for an adult to play with these tiny accessories. The small pieces ended up discarded by the kids almost immediately. They were just frustrated by them, not being able to use them for much of anything.The doll figures themselves are small. Much smaller than I anticipated. They are also not the best quality. The details are a bit sloppy on them, which isn't something I expected from Lalaloopsy. The kids like the dolls.The treehouse itself is a nightmare. If you manage to get it out of its packaging without breaking it, you then get to refer to a diagram to try to set the thing up. Tiny ropes to make tiny zip lines. Tiny swings with tiny attachments. It took me a good 15 minutes to get everything set up like it showed in the diagram. Then one of the kids touches it. Then they beg me to reset up what they just messed up. And on and on it goes. Me resetting the thing up every 5 minutes, because they certainly can't do it. After a day or so, they forgot the zipline was there, forgot about the pulleys, overlooked the swings, and just played with the dolls around the treehouse, not in the treehouse.This is a very frustrating toy. It is too small, too fragile, and too complicated for kids to actually enjoy. I can't see any kid under the age of 12 begin able to appropriately work this toy. Any kid able to use it is probably too old to enjoy it.
I've spent the last couple of days working on this puzzle off and on and I'm glad it's over with. This puzzle is typical Ravensburger quality in paper and has nice interlocking pieces. It is not what I expect from this brand for image quality though. The image appears slightly fuzzy on the outside of the box and it only gets worse when blown up to the 31.5 x 23.5 inches. The massive areas of similar color wouldn't normally have been a big deal for me but the fuzzy image quality made this a frustrating endeavor. There is not a single part of this puzzle that appears in focus and it made the processes of doing this puzzle a disappointment. From the boats in the front of the image to the building to the trees and clouds, nothing is has crisp lines. When working on a puzzle of a photograph, I expect crisp images and this puzzle doesn't have that. If I was digging up a puzzle from my parents closet that was from the 70s or 80s, I could understand the limitations of picture quality, but it isn't that time and I expect better. The entire image had a pixalited look and while a vintage look can be interesting, I'd rather have a crisp image of a vintage item then just a vintage looking image.
Got this set for my 2 1/2 year old daughter, and we all agree that the dolls themselves are pretty cute.  Each of the two dolls is about 5 1/2 inches tall and is dressed in an outfit that can be removed & changed.  Simple enough...but the problem with this overpriced set is the accessories.  The two cribs are made of very flimsy plastic (at first I thought it was cardboard, but upon closer inspection it's actually thin plastic).  The cribs are not are not solid pieces, but instead are a series of flexible panels with slots that fit together like a 3d puzzle.  I can't see them lasting very long in the hands of my toddler.  There's also a flimsy plastic carabiner with two plastic "charms" - pictures of the two babies.  That's about it, and the whole set is severely overpriced at $25 for two small dolls and two flimsy cribs.  While the dolls are cute and my daughter likes them, these are just not worth the price given the inferior quality of the accessories.Incidentally, the included code to access online content related to the dolls doesn't really add anything to this product.  I logged on & tooled around the site, they have a music-styled video basically advertising the dolls, you get pictures of the dolls in their cribs and biographical info about them, some games and activities.  My daughter's too young to care, but I can't imagine any of the content being compelling enough to hold a kid's interest.  Lots of better kid's activities available online for free, and this online component feels like a pretty pointless add-on to entice buyers - buy more dolls to unlock more lame content, ugh.
First the good stuff ... the dolls included in this package are very cute and durable.  The clothes are good quality and our daughters like to pretend that the babies are crawling around on hands and knees.  That's about all you can do with this toy, play make-believe.And that's it for the good stuff.Now on to the bad stuff ... the cribs that are included are very cheap plastic, almost cardboard-like and the babies can't even fit in them "comfortably".  The product has little educational value, aside from the above-mentioned make-believe.  The first interaction with the product is the packaging, and this packaging is utterly horrible - the complete opposite of Amazon's great "frustration-free packaging" on other products.
I don't know why these babies are even called Baby Alive Twins. They don't eat or drink like the origninal Baby Alive Brand of dolls. They are small, about six inches tall. They come with cardboard cribs, and one cardboard pacifier, and one plastic pacifier with skull and crossbones on it (not exactly what I would use on a regular baby doll). I don't like these dolls at all, they look like hardened criminals right out of the crib! The doll with crossbones on her shirt has a pink streak painted on her painted plastic hair! The other twin girl (Sarina) is dressed in a cute ballerina type of dress with tiara, the other in a teenager type of outfit. One thing my daughter liked about these babies is the fact that they came with a code in the box to play a game online. They can skateboard and do other things. Kind of like a teenager wrapped in a toddler's body. Don't know what Hasbro was thinking when they came up with the idea of these two dolls, but because they were offered to me I took them, otherwise, I don't think this is what I would've chosen for my child to have.
My five year old was not interested in the doll at all but enjoyed the free online game you got with it.  I personally think they are a lot like webkins in doll form.  I don't think we will start a collection.
I tried to do this review a couple of weeks ago,, but it wouldn't take for some reason.  I'm kind of glad I've waited now, because I can say this - after a month, my daughter still won't play with this doll.  She thinks it looks "freaky".  The product description implies there is interactive play - this is not interactive - no music or anything.  It's just a doll with a really big head and a small body.  Because of the awkward body, it's hard for my daughter to play with the doll.  It sort of flops whenever she tries.  The head is hard, and the doll is not very attractive for a cuddle.  I did try to interest my daughter in the website, but she just didn't find it very interesting.  All in all, this one was a bust for us.
Uncle Milton Fireworks Lightshow in My Room is a simple toy devoid of any educational or creative value. It is nothing more than a battery- powered device that projects fireworks displays onto a wall, screen, or other light colored surface. Kids slide the lever, pull the trigger, and listen to the sound of exploding fireworks from the comfort of their own bedroom.Not all toys have to be educational to have some value. Some mindless toys entertain, get kids laughing, or have some other quality that makes them worthhile. But there is very little value with this toy. It is nothing more than a projection of still, non- moving lights shaped like a firework. My girls like using it a little bit because they like fireworks, but their interest is slowly waning and I doubt they will still be playing with this toy in a month from now.So, what is the problem with the Uncle Milton Fireworks Lightshow in My Room toy? The main problem is that you cannot do much with it. What it offers is nothing more than a few still images of fireworks and the same fireworks sounds over and over again. The toy could be improved if, for example, it was possible to make the fireworks move. A still, motionless light on a wall is just not that interesting. Technology exists to make this change and it may boost the price of the toy, but it would make the toy more fun.Uncle Milton Fireworks Lightshow in My Room is a novel idea and it sounded appealing at first, but my girls have quickly lost interest due to the lack of much creative control. As I said, all that you can do is aim, launch, and explode one of the eight preset images. You cannot make the fireworks move and you cannot change the artwork or enhance the sound. Kids are stuck with what they get, which is nothing more than some lights projected on a wall.Live fireworks offer great family entertainment, but Uncle Milton Fireworks Lightshow in My Room fails to impress. I don't like the simplicity of the toy because it offers no room at all for creative play. It could be worse, I suppose, and it does offer some mildly amusing entertainment, but there just isn't enough going on here to recommend it
This toy works only in a very dark room.  It is annoyingly loud in a bang bang kind of way, like a taped recording of the fireworks boom noise.  The toy works well enough, but after about five minutes, the kids were DONE with it.  They haven't even picked it back up to play with it.  I am not sure what else to do with it or how else to play with it.  Am I missing the point?  It's not that great of toy.  And my son LOVES guns, as this toy is a gun based design, shape and trigger, he was done with this toy in about three minutes.  The fireworks start tiny and grow large - just like in a real live fireworks show and the recorded boom noise comes along.  Batteries are NOT included.  Not a big fan.
I bought this was hoping that it was going to be a spectacular indoor distraction during bad-weather days or sleepovers.  I probably had my hopes up a little bit more that they should have been, and that's my bad.  For approximately $20, you're not going to get "spectacular."What I did get is something which will keep a kid's or kids' attention(s) for a couple of minutes before they reach the "it's really a gimmick" understanding that kids get.  If you can present the showing of these fireworks with the unbridled passion of a Barnum & Bailey Ringmaster, it won't go much farther than that.There are eight different fireworks on the "gun", but there is only one sound effect.  It gets monotonous.  There's a red dial that runs almost all the way around the center of the gun that allows you to switch to another firework.  As I said, if you're an enthusiastic presenter and can choreograph the launches and fireworks, and perhaps add your own crowd reactions and explosion sounds, you can make this work for a few additional minutes.  Make some popcorn and I would give this "light show" three stars instead of two.I suppose the bottom line for me is that the success of this product will be based more on the way you make it an event over the actual performance of the toy.
The picture of the product with the boy with his mouth open looking amazed as he gazes toward the ceiling is deceptive. The visuals are not very impressive. The noises sound electronic and are not exciting. Projecting fireworks onto the ceiling sounds like it could be a cool idea, but the actual execution of it is rather dull and ordinary. This is one toy you can skip. Even the baby wasn't interested in it. I was interested in this because the kids really like Uncle Milton's Moon, but this is not in the same league.
This doll was not a hit at our house, and unless your kids like this Lalaloopsy stuff, I would pass.Pros: All plastic, easy to cleanCons: Strange features, no nose, club feet, no fingers/toes, hair like a 17th century French noble.  Try explaining any of these odd design choices to a 4 year old.  And the huge head make its hard for little kids (2 years old) keep her stable.In other words, I am extremely disappointing in this doll.
This game is okay but the official game gets rather boring quickly.  Since there are only so many cards this game only has a few plays then you would have gone through all of them.  We did not finish the official game and just played the game by asking the questions.  We will probably not play the official game again unless it is with someone who has not played it before.
We were excited to get this game because we love board games, especially over the holidays with family.  We played it once with extended family (ranging in age 14 - 70), and we were very disappointed.  I pulled it out again last weekend (to give it another try before reviewing it), and played it with my 2 teenaged sons and their 2 friends.  Still disappointed.  This is an interesting concept... it could have been good!THE GAME:Players take turn reading an urban myth from a card; the other players guess if this myth is true or false.  If you get it right, you advance your token around the board (& the card reader advances one square for every wrong guess).  You keep the myth card if you get it right AND you're on the category that the card represents (health,  celebrity, nature, etc).  The myth cards have letters on their backs.  The first person to get enough myth cards to spell out 'TRUE' or 'MYTH' is the winner.THE BAD:- Needlessly complex rules  & gameplay.  My summary above doesn't even mention wildcards, tiebreakers, or the random nature of moving around the board into whatever quadrant you choose.  Adding crazy non-intuitive gameplay always clutters up a game AND irritates the players.  Keep it simple.- Moving one square at a time (or not) gets boring.- Only one question per card... so in 3 total games we think we've heard over half of the 'myths'.THE GOOD:+ The cards themselves are pretty interesting.  As others have said, it's more enjoyable just to read them and guess at the answers without bothering with the board & rules.BOTTOM LINE:Tedious, slow, and needlessly complicated.  Enjoy just reading the cards to one another!
We are a serious board-gaming type of family, but we just couldn't get into this game. I'm not quite sure what the purpose of the actual board itself is, as we just sort of ended up circling around it aimlessly. The &#34;game&#34; is in the cards, and even those held little interest for us. Some of the questions were outright stupid, some were either biased or unfactual (or both) and some were just plain inappropriate for younger children. Also, there aren't that many question cards to begin with, so you wouldn't have to play this game too many times before you went through the entire stack of questions.....and then what?!?Overall, we don't care for this game. I recommend shopping for a different one.
Urban Myth is one of those games that you probably won't be replaying all too often.  Like another reviewer mentioned, there are only 500 cards in the this deck, and you'll blow through at least 50-80 cards a game.  Not that you'll remembered all the myths, but most of these myths are pretty easy to guess on which is myth and which is not.  There's no information to back up the myth - the funnest part of this game was that we had a computer near by and Googled everything to see if the cards were accurate (some where half truths, it seems).  I didn't find the game to be particularly exciting, and probably won't play it again...not recommended.
The trivia questions alone are pretty interesting, some of them educational, though I felt a need to double check the accuracy on some.  The game itself was no fun to play.  The game actions/rules are somewhat convoluted, actual play is slow, and the only fun part is the questions.  It was actually more fun when we put the rest of the game aside and just asked and answered questions as a group.  A huge downside (inherent in any trivia game really) is that once you've gone through the questions once, you'll never touch the game again.  The game says it can be played with two players, which we also tried, but playing according to the game instructions was particularly sloppy and slow with only two.  I don't recommend the game, and will not be keeping it.
So I really really wanted to like this game...but it just wasn't meant to be.  My family attempted to play this three times but each time folks dropped out because they just weren't interested.  We did use the cards during a short road trip and put change in a cup which we used to purchase treats at the next gas up...that was fun but that isn't how they intended this game to be played.  If you can pick this game up at a garage sale or get it as a gift you can change the rules and make your own fun but I don't advise spending your hard earned money on it.
The puzzle is a great concept and children seem to love globes.  What could go wrong?Well, for starters, don't try to put the puzzle together using the picture because you will eventually have to take it apart and redo it using the numbers.IF you get the entire puzzle together before it starts to fall apart- take a picture, put glue on it, put it in a glass case with a padlock-because it WILL fall apart if handled.This puzzle was a great idea but the execution of it was poor.  The box says for ages 8+ but I think, for most eights, this would be too difficult. Not because it's hard to follow the nubmers but because of the level of patience it requires to keep the pieces together until the globe is complete.
I have been very impressed with the quality of Ravensburger puzzles and this puzzle seemed to be no exception. Made of sturdy plastic pieces the puzzle seemed to fit together very well initially. However once we hit the halfway mark (around the equator) it became harder to get some of the pieces to fit. Some pieces need to be clicked in from the outside, some from the inside and some would not fit without serious application of force. One of the pieces just seemed to be shaped wrong and no amount of squeezing would get it to fit smoothly.Being a puzzle ball, applying too much force somewhere often caused another section of the puzzle to pop out so whenever we got a stubborn piece it was very frustrating for my almost 8 year old (who loves geography and was initially thrilled with the puzzle). Eventually he gave up and I put the puzzle together alone.The hardest part of the puzzle ball idea is putting in the last few pieces. You need to have your finger behind the piece so that when you push it into place it does not disloge the pieces around it. The plastic pieces need to click into place and this requires quite a bit of pressure. This is impossible with the last few pieces. I ended up rolling the ball on a table to try to squeeze the pieces in. It was impossible to get the pieces all the way in and, after putting it on the globe mount and my son spinning it for a few minutes, half the puzzle fell apart.So, while this is agreat idea it was very disappointing and not something I would recommmend.
I was excited about the air-filled tires. The Razor my daughter has gets a quite bumpy on rough surfaces. I've inflated the tires and gave it a short ride. Indeed the ride is much smoother. However there were several problems with the one I got:- Handlebars were not properly aligned and it took some serious elbow grease to get them aligned. They also seem a little short forcing the arms to be very close together when riding.- The break/fender on the rear wheel is made of very flimsy plastic. It make quite a bit of noise when the break is applied and it looks like it will break very soon. That part should have been metal.- The stem on one of the tires was quite short making pumping it up very difficult with a hand pump that does not have a separate hose. The head of the pump just does not have enough room to comfortably get to the stem because of the rest of the wheel assembly.
This scooter was easy to put together because there's not many parts. The handlebar adjusts quickly and easily and quickly and has a good height range. The wheels are large, spin easily, and give a smooth ride but after a few uses the back wheel moved forward and became stuck on the fender. My other complaint is that it's VERY difficult to air the tires because of the design. The valves are supposed to swing out and they do but not nearly as far as necessary. It looks like a decent scooter but the impossible to air tires and shoddy workmanship make it a do not buy.
I'll preface this review by saying my son received a Tag reader last Christmas and owns several of the hardcover books. He doesn't play with it all the time, since he likes other books too, but he has a lot of fun with it. The stories are interesting and he loves the games and activities too. It has proven quite durable, and our rechargeable batteries have gotten quite a workout (which are almost a must for this device). He's 5 now and not reading yet. I'd been contemplating getting him one of the reading sets when this Vine offer landed in my lap.This set includes:A green Tag reader with USB cable (not purple as in the image)Tag starter book6-book Learn to Read book set 1, short vowels6-book Learn to Read book set 2, long vowelsA carrying case, which can store all the booksHe's played with it on and off for ten days now, and I find myself quite disappointed in the set. The books are all soft cover and poor quality in my opinion to stand up to repeated Tag use. The stories themselves are fairly boring; my son lost interest in them very quickly and instead turned to playing the activities. There is no option to have the Tag read the whole book to you, it only works for two pages at a time. Really quite mediocre and not worth the money.This bundle seems like a great value, but really it's not. It's not a knock on the Tag system by any means. I'd instead recommend buying the Tag reader and books from their wide selection of hardcovers. The books stand up better, the stories are more interesting, and there's more for a child to learn from them.
This device has some major issues.  As someone who works on computers all day, the last thing I want is to come home and futz around with downloading whatever book my child wants to read.The real deal killer for this product is the tiny memory.  I was only able to fit some of books that it came with on its memory.  8MB is just a tiny bit of memory these days.  My child is playing with it.  So far it is not much different than our Story Reader.  The Story Reader is much easier to use, however.  The chances of me hooking up my computer and jumping through hoops each time we want to change books are tiny.Summary: 2/5 stars.  Not worth the trouble in my opinion.  If you want to know more.. keep reading.* Unpacking and Setup *First thing you need to do is get a computer and download the Leapfrog Connect application.  I did this on a mac.  After a fairly long download, you're given a long lawyer talk EULA (end user licensing agreement) to agree to..  So far, this is not how I like to play with a toy.  I connected the device via USB and it recognized it immediately and started downloading an update for its software.Next I'm told I need to provide a bunch of personal information and create a Parent Account.  Name, email, and year of birth are required.  I opt of of advertising emails and get an annoying Are You Sure dialog.  Yes, I'm positive.Next I need to create a profile for who is playing with the toy.  Age, month and year of birth, and name are all required.  I'm told this is to "create age appropriate learning program", but I'm feeling like this could be simplified.Next I click Finish, but am asked more questions.  Email addresses of family members to email learning updates to.  Optional survey questions about what types of smart phones I use...Now I'm given two choices  Personalize Tag Junior (name of child), or Download Audio (for the books you purchased).  I'm surprised we didn't already get the audio download with our software update... but I click on that one.Now I need to manually find every book I have and download the audio.  Unfortunately I have quite a few books, and the application has a bug where every letter you type into the search field shows up three times.  I finally find an audio file and download it but the device has powered off.  I turn it back on but it is not recognized.  I try again and it works.  Now there is Another update available.  Huh?  I just updated.Now I need to manually drag each manually download audio file to the device.  Ugh.Turns out the device only has 8MB available on it.  So only two books fit on it.  This is in the age of 8GB flash costing about 10 dollars.  This device has  one thousandth that amount of memory.  Wow.* Use *Of course my 3 year old picks the book that didn't fit in the device's memory.  "Sorry, we can't read that one right now."  We try Megs Pet, which stresses learning the "short E sound".  Basically she sets the reader on the page and it reads and or sings the story for her.  There are some interactive aspects where she is asked to place the reader on certain parts of the page.  So far thats about it.  I'll update this review if anything else is discovered while we play with this.
I really wanted to love this bundle. The included books (printed on paper with special dot patterns that allow the Tag Junior toy to recognize each page) are actually quite educational and even fun for small children. But like many others have said, the memory is too limited, and it was next to impossible to download the necessary audio files in order for the Tag Junior to work.That's right. The Tag Junior will *not* work unless you download the poorly written PC connection program and then download all the corresponding audio files for the books in the set into the Tag Junior's builtin 8MB memory.  I tried 3 different PCs before being able to download a couple of the files, but after I disconnected, I had endless trouble connecting back again.  Words cannot describe how frustrating the whole experience was.  I don't think I'll ever touch this toy again, so my kids probably won't use it again after they get tired of the storybooks I did manage to download.I searched on the web and found that this connection-syncing problem goes back many years and afflicts *all* Leapfrog electronic products including the latest Leapster models. Given the high price of Tag and Leapster-family of products especially the software titles, we need an "Occupy Leapfrog HQ" movement.
I didn't like how the books are short and overly simplified with no story. It makes them boring to read so there is no incentive to want to deal with the whole setup procedure. Overall, the system just seems overly complex with minimal reward.
I have to admit I'm a little turned off by this toy. While I think it's a fun teaching tool, it can help introduce books to your toddler and get them excited to read, I'm also turned off by the reliance on the internet. This toy comes with ONE book that "works" with it, all the other books have to be downloaded onto the Tag Junior guy. The Tag Junior guy only holds up to 5 books at a time.But the other turn off is that I cannot use this toy without the internet connection. You have to download a Leap Frog program to your computer in order to use this toy. And not only is that annoying (none of my other child's toys require an internet download!) but it asks for personal information. Not just MY information, but info on my child. I just think this is a little too far. Come on. We can put a man on the moon, Leap Frog can figure out a way to get this toy up and running without connecting to the internet all the time and demanding personal family information in order to be able to use the toy. I was just a bit turned off by all this...The toy itself is nice when being played with, and my three-year-old really does love playing with it. She sings a long to the songs that play and "explores" the pages with the Tag Junior guy. The carrying case that comes with this bundle is pretty nice and well designed, with a compartment to hold several books and a compartment to hold Tag Junior. I dislike having yet another USB cord to keep track of, though. Another reason I wish this toy didn't depend on a computer & internet to work. The books that come with this bundle are generic Leap Frog books, if you want the Toy Story themed book or something you'll have to buy it separately. My daughter doesn't seem to mind the books though, with the Scout & Violet one being her favorite.It might make a nice present. The technology it uses is cool, the carrying case and the custom books are a neat idea. But over all I think it'd be much better if Leap Frog ditched the internet dependence and started making reading toys that were no-nonsense. Please don't ask me for personal info on my child! I'm not interested in that! I just want my child to like reading, I don't want their name and birthday and my email & address linked together forever on the internet to be sold to who knows who. Toys have a place, and they need to stay there.UPDATE 11/2/11: My disappointment with this toy continues. The Tag Junior guy runs out his batteries very quickly, we had to replace them after just over a week of use.(And, no, my daughter was not over-using the toy. She had only used it for a few combined hours.) Even more disappointing, the carrying case has already broken. Both sides of zippers have popped off their tracks, making the carrying case utterly useless. I've tried several tips I've found on how to get zippers back on their tracks, but so far none have worked.
The LeapFrog Tag Junior reading system is an interesting concept and employs some really cool technology, but is it worth the price tag?First off, what it is:  You'll find in your package a little white robot that when held over certain parts of the included books, it will read the word or provide simple interactions.  Toddlers will love it initially, zooming "Roboto" all over each page, hunting for the "easter eggs".  This novelty doesn't last long -- a couple of times through each book at most.  The intent of the set is to encourage reading by word sight/sound recognition and comprehension.  The kids who test-drove this set for me were more interested in the "magic" of the technology.  The books just aren't very interesting, visually or linguistically, and therefore won't hold the kids' attention.  (My entry for the suggestion box would be for LeapFrog to start with great books and retrofit them for the system.)The on-board memory of Roboto is sadly very small.  You'll be able to load up about 5 of the VERY SIMPLE included books or 2 of the somewhat more interesting books you can buy later.  The process of loading new books into Roboto requires you to open him up, hook him up to your computer, download then new book from the internet, erase his old memory, and upload the new book.  LeapFrog's interface for doing this is no user-friendly.  I sincerely doubt any kid will be able to do this for themselves, especially not those who are at the reading level these books target.  If your child wants to interact with a book that's not loaded on Roboto, tough cookies (that is, until Mom or Dad goes through the process listed above).  My play-testers found this to be very frustrating -- they couldn't understand why a book that worked yesterday doesn't work today.  Nothing kills interest in a toy quicker than when it's perceived to not be working.  (I rated this unit as being 2/5 Stars for "Fun".  That's a rating for the kids.  It's a 0-1/5 Stars for parents.)While this concept is really neat, it's shortcomings overshadow its intended usefulness.  Looks like we should stick with good old fashioned reading to our kids.
I was very excited to receive this present, since I thought it would be a great educational tool for preschool children.  I was wrong.  First, I had to spend over one hour figuring out how to configure the Leapfrog Tag Jr. Device and upload books onto it.  The website is not very intuitive.  Once I got it working, a group of preschool children tried it out.  They were not impressed.  In fact, they had more fun putting the books into the carrying case than actually playing with the device itself.The Leaprog device reads the words on a page when the bottom of it touches the page on the Leapfrog books.  This means that the child needs to know how to touch the device properly to each book page.  The two year-olds who I saw use the device could not do this.  Some of the three year-olds managed to use the device properly, but they were bored by the books that came with this bundle pack.  Toy Story books would have been more interesting, but this means spending even more money on the Leapfrog system.I recently bought from Amazon and subsequently reviewed Scholastic Storybook Treasures and thought it was much more enjoyable and educational than the Leapfrom system.  This Storybook Treasures are DVDs that teach kids to learn to read and kids really like them.  I would recommend this product more than Leapfrog for any preschool child.
It looks like the determination will be that this toy airplane was manufactured on an overly optimistic whim that it would automatically fly level in large controlled ovals and land nose up.  However, in the real world where I live, the plane goes up and dive bombs right on its nose until it breaks in two.Prior to its flying catastrophe, among the 20 or so crash landings, it did manage two beautiful flights that awed my son and me.  This just made the crashes that much more painful.Like any good man and dad, I have applied elmer's glue and duct tape to the fuselage in hopes of a return to the soccer field.  I yearn for one more sweet flight. This may be wishful thinking and only setting myself up for disappointment.  I will report back.The plane did not come with instructions.  I contacted the estes via the website and received a pdf w/in 12 hours.  The instructions confirmed what I had figured out.  The left handle controls power...the right handle and the dial are completely useless -- at least in my world.My suggestion would be to find a naive friend to buy this airplane and use that one until you can fly it consistently without crashing it and then buy your own...you may actually need a few naive friends that don't know each other.I received this plane to try it out and post a review on Amazon.  I would be disappointed to have spent money on it. Admittedly, I live in an area (NE NC) that is usually windy.  I think this plane might actually fly decently in an environment with absolutely no wind such as a domed stadium.
This is a fun plane but not durable at all.  Since there are no landing gear, you essentially have to crash the plane to get it down.  Within the first thirty minutes of using it, we had already broken one propeller during a crash landing.  It comes with two extra propellers but, at this rate, that will get us two more thirty minute play sessions at which point it will be useless (unless extra propellers are available to buy, and buying more for this plane seems a bit ridiculous.)Other issues are that the learning curve to fly is a little steep.  However, once you get the hang of it, it is really fun.  Also, the battery charge does not last long at all.Overall, I just think that the price of this plane is too high considering the lack of durability.  Unless you can figure out how to land this thing perfectly every time, the plane will quickly become unusable.  I'm sorry to say I can't recommend this unless you are just looking for one afternoon of fun.
This plane was a lot of fun while it lasted.  My kids really enjoyed flying it.  It lasted throughout several flights in about a 20 minute time and then it had a bad crash landing where it got pretty beat up and no longer wants to fly very well. At the beginning it seemed to be holding up pretty well but one wrong crash took it out of commission.  So, although it's fun for a few flys I don't see it lasting much longer than that for the average user.
Great idea but this one is poorly executed. The parts are cheap and don't really stay in place when put together. My kids love this kind of stuff and spend lots of time doing similar ones at our local science museum.  Too bad this one didn't meet any of our expectations.
This campfire log claims to look like a campfire, and while I a skeptic at first, it has a nice glowing and flickering fire effect. However, it is so noisy because of the fan to make the flame move. It's not a toy I'm going to keep for my children. The noise is rather annoying, like a vacuum cleaner that has been left to run. Some crackling fire noises would have been nice. All that said, my kids couldn't stop turning it on. They thought it was great, but since I found the noise far too annoying, it wasn't in the house longer than about 20 minutes. Can't say how much they'd end up playing with it.
Lightweight and solid yet cheap looking (it does NOT look real) and underwhelming; this fake campfire really does absolutely nothing noteworthy and its existence somewhat baffles me.  I got this for an indoor campout with my daughter.I was not impressed.She was.Go figure.I understand, to a degree, the concept, but the cheaply looking piece somewhat negates the point behind this thing.  It just looks like a plastic turd and the supposed `embers' look more like an open wound.  The flickering flame, made of a thin fabric, dances while the log is turned on, which is pretty cool since from the picture I thought it was a solid plastic flame that lit up, so the fact that it actually moves was pretty cool (I guess).  It blows cold air, which is strange.  I just don't see this making much of an impact.  It has a specific purpose, but I can't see kids finding lasting enjoyment by pretending to sit around the campfire.  It just doesn't provide enough to warrant wasting time in front of it.  It doesn't even produce that much light.  Like I said, my daughter loved the idea while we were snuggled in sleeping bags in the living room.  She hasn't touched it since, but I'm sure she'll beg me to turn it on next time she gets the notion to sleep on the floor.Oh, and I'm actually not offended by the sound of the flame.  I like white noise (I find it comforting) and I didn't find the noise level too severe or overbearing.  It took you out of the campfire vibe, considering that a real campfire doesn't sound like that (would it have been too much to ask that this sound like snapping embers and twigs instead?) but then again, a real campfire doesn't look like a gigantic bloody bear dropping either.
I am really less than impressed with this toy.  It is a plastic log with a very loud fan that blows a little piece of fabric around trying to look like a flame.  Oh, did I mention it is loud?  The other reviewers who compared it to a vacuum sound had it dead on.  If this is on, we're yelling back and forth to be heard and it sounds nothing like a fire where you'd expect a crackling, comforting sound.  This is one to skip.
Since my grandson is in boy scouts and got his own tent, I thought he would like to camp out in the backyard with this as a prop.  It has a little fan to blow the "flame" up, and boy is it loud.  He can't hear the other sounds outside with this thing going.At first it was a novelty but he doesn't play with it now.  The thing is incredibly cheap plastic.  I guess I should have known that you get what you pay for, but this was all around disappointing.  I wouldn't recommend getting this for anybody but pre-schoolers.
For a 1 or 2 year old this might be a little fun, but anyone older..forget it.  I thought that it would be a novel fun toy.  It makes way too much noise and after the first 5 seconds it stops being amusing .... and becomes a real drag quickly.  I would only recommend this as a gag gift.... or a payback gift for those that gave you something really chessy.
My kids love the idea of camping, sleeping in a tent and having a campfire.  Unfortunately I am not the type of parent who has ever spent a night in the wilderness and have never given this opportunity to them.  I thought this fake campfire log could start some imaginative play in their play tents and sleeping bags.The log is extremely noisy, doesn't look very realistic, and only stays on for a very short amount of time.  You're constantly having to turn it back on, but don't really want to because of the noise of the internal mechanism.  After a couple of days, my kids have shoved it to a dark corner of the room and haven't played with it in weeks.  Save your money, or better yet: try a real campfire.
The only real problem I had with this toy was the noise of the motor. It's really loud. Also, this is kinda cool for about 30 seconds and then it doesn't really have much entertainment. My nephew loved it because he loves trying to figure out how things work.. he's autistic but for a child who isn't so intense into that it would get boring really quick. Also, I think it would be an improvement if it put out a LITTLE heat. My major concern is a younger child thinking it's safe to play with fire based on this toy. For an older kid who just wants to pretend to camp out you would still need to get the rest of the gear as this really isn't much on its own.
The "flame" on this toy is fabric. There is a motorized fan that comes on when you turn the flame's light on that makes the flame stand up and flicker. I found the motor to be really loud and annoying. I had to have my boys take the campfire to another room when they were playing with it because the motor was so distracting.My boys are five and seven years old. They carried the campfire everywhere the first few days after we got it and then they got bored with it and forgot about it. I think if we had some of the other camping accessories made by the company that makes this, their interest might be renewed. Or they might have played with it more if I wasn't constantly telling them to take it somewhere else!I would say that if you want to get your kids a camping toy to choose something else, like a toy lantern or a play s'mores set. There's just not very much that this campfire can do.
I had higher hopes for this toy.  The log is realistic enough but the "flame" is a piece of yellow cloth that looks like it would quickly be gone if some little boys were around.  It would be too tempting for them as it sags when the toy is turned off.  Something that retracts would be a whole lot better.And the toy is turned off most of the time since the fan noise is super loud and annoying.  A sound of a fire would be nice but this is just a loud motor noise.  I tried it with a four year old and she played about ten minutes before leaving it and not even putting it with her toys.I also have a problem with calling this a campfire.  It is shaped like a log instead of a round fire.  It is a log that has been struck by lightening and has a fire in its center - rather different.
When I first saw this I immediately thought of using it in our elementary school library as a prop for their 'Reading Under the Stars' theme. How cute to have a little campfire the kids could read around! But, alas, it was not to be. When activated the log makes a very loud fan kind of sound...about the same noise level as one of those small travel hairdryers. So, while it is cute and very durable (has withstood multiple falls the toy shelf)the noise level makes it almost unusable indoors.
This broke our heart. We got an indoor teepee this year and the log was supposed to be a perfect additionIt is loud. It is obnoxiously loud.There is no way to keep the light and turn off that appalling fan that is supposed to blow the cloth flameObnoxious disappointingWe were sad
This kids lantern is great when used as a night light, but not really for much else.  It has no educational value and really doesnt so much aside from provide a light and create some wilderness sounds htat sometimes scare the heck out of a three year old.  My son was ok with it, until he thought the howling wolf was in his room.
We are big fans of Lauri products in our house so we were excited to try out this MIghty Monkey Playset.  Unfortunately this is the first Lauri product that we are not big fans of.  The idea is cute but the execution of building the playground for the monkeys was challenging, even for us adults.  The first time playing with this, we even had a piece break on us while trying to build.We have the Lauri Tall Stacker Pegs Building Set and really like it.  If you are looking for a versatile toy that can teach patterns, counting, increase fine motor skills, I would recommend that product instead of this one.
From the box and the description, this toy looks like it could be a lot of fun. There are a variety of pegs, trees, a slide, a swing and other assorted pieces that are supposed to assemble to form a playground for the little monkey. When I got this out for my kids (age 4 and 6; the recommended age is 3+) they were very excited to dive in. Within 10 minutes, however, they were complaining that it was too hard. I noticed that they had simply inserted all the pegs into the board in rows and all the other pieces were lying scattered about. I was thinking it was a failure of creativity on their part, so I was all set to show them how it was done. Except that I couldn't do it either.I had a great deal of difficulty getting the pieces to fit into each other, even using my adult strength. I have no idea how kids are suppsed to do that. Even once I got some pieces together, they didn't stay together very well. For instance, I managed to get the swing together, but the first time they used it, it just toppled over. I never did get the slide assembled. I suppose over time and with a good deal of use, the pieces will loosen up and fit together better, but it's too frustrating (for the kids and me) to play with it enough to get to that point.Even if and when you get the pieces to stay together, the seeming creativity is rather deceptive too. There are fairly limited numbers of pieces included - pretty much exactly what you need to create exactly what's shown on the box. Because of the length and angle of the slide, there's only so many ways it can go in. And from there, there's only so many ways the other pieces can go in around it. There are some variations, but just minor ones on a theme. I suppose if you were to buy additional sets and build up a bigger collection of pieces there would be more you could do, which really is no different than Legos, Lincoln Logs or any other building toy.This toy has a lot of potential if the fit and stability were better. The pegs and other pieces are nice bright colors and good sizes for young hands (except for the coconuts which hold the trees together - I agree with other reviewers who worry they may look too much like chocolates and pose a choking hazard, at least for the younger preschool set). If those issues were resolved, I wouldn't mind getting an additional set or two to expand the possibilities, but as it is, I really can't recommend this toy.
This kit aspires to be a playground of creativity but unlike things like Legos, Tinkertoys, etc this set is too limiting.  You really only have a couple options for putting it together so you run out of ideas pretty quickly.  The slide is cool but it basically only goes together two or three ways.  It's not all bad, but this toy set doesn't deliver on it's goals.
I'm really surprised by all the rave reviews...I wanted to love this but was dissapointed. We had a very difficult time putting this together. In the end, I (an adult!) was unable to successfully get the jaw to stay attached to the skull. The plastic pieces are rigid and we found them hard to work with and to keep in place. The organ pieces are really cool though. The best part, in my opinion, is the flash/fact cards included. These are probably the only thing we'll pull out in the future. There was no way to store all the pieces easily and unfortunately we didn't end up with 2 successfully completed models to display either. :(
Toystate 14" Rush And Rescue Police And Fire - Hook And Ladder Fire Truck. For 3+. It does takes a little time to get it out of the box and the box does tell you that you will need a screw driver(small) and a pair of(heavy duty) scissors to get it out and they are right.The whole truck it made out of plastic, I do not feel it is going to last a long time with a 4 year old boy playing with it. He likes to push it along while leaning on it and pretending. It does have 7 buttons that they can push for various sounds, lighting affects and moving forward and backwards. The sounds are quite loud and it does not take to long for the adults to get tired of them. They were smart to put a mute button on the bottom of the truck so you can get a break from the noise. The ladder on the top of the truck does lift up and extend and our grandson does enjoy getting his toy firemen to the seat of the chair.
I found this game very difficult to learn how to play. It is very complicated. I read through the rules several times and went through a dry run by myself. I think that I understand enough to play it, but when I tried to recruit other people they were put off by the complexity. Unfortunately I have yet to play a game because I can't get anyone to play it with me.
My kids are 5 and almost 3, and this set of explorer tools is perfect for my 3 year old, and ok for the 5 yr old. The biggest surprise to me is the little instruction and activity pamphlets that come with each item. They are printed on brown paper to look like hand written notes from another explorer, and the suggestions of activities in them are actually things my kids and I enjoy doing. These little pamphlets make the difference between a box of plastic junk your kids will probably ignore, and a box of tools you can use to have fun with your kids. If you expect this to be a toy your kids can enjoy alone or around the house you might be disappointed, but for a family activity I love this.I like the box this comes in, cardboard printed to look like a wooden crate. Usually I put toys in plastic toys for storage but this box is cute enough and the right size that I can just keep it. The backpack is useful, when you follow the suggestions in the instruction booklets you will need it to carry home all the interesting leaves and rocks your kid collects. The magnifier handle comes with two "excavation tools" in the handle, actually a pointed stick and a little brush, but if your child loves those plaster fossil and gem digging kits the way mine does he will be thrilled. We buy one of those kits every month almost and the magnifier will get a lot of use for those as well. The 4 in 1 compass has a compass, thermometer, mirror and whistle. Unfortunately the pamphlet with the compass includes a map making activity which doesn't make any sense, and I had to ding the set another star for that. The shoe lights are cute and offer red light, which is easier on the eyes in the dark and doesn't scare away wildlife the way white lights do, but do not come with batteries. The instructions say they take a button battery but as I learned in another review they actually take 3 AAA's each. It's kind of a big battery investment in my opinion, it would have been nice if they were included, especially for the price of the kit.For preschoolers and kindergarteners this kit is a 3 star item. It's cute and well made. If you've got a Go Diego Go or Magic Tree House fan at home this will probably thrill them. For 6 to 8 this is probably a 1 star toy, kids that age will (rightly) feel like these are toys and not tools.
Uncle Milton's National Geographic Outdoor Explorer's Pack arrived in an imitation box crate that immediately conjured images of the great warehouse of artifacts and treasures collected by archaeologistIndiana Jones.My sons (ages 10 and 8) leaned over the box, giddy with anticipation.They dug into the box, inspecting each tool.* Expedition Shoe Lights - Despite their plasticky look and feel, these are bright and work well. Each one uses 3 AAA batteries. The lights can be clipped on the shoe or laces.* 4-in-1 Explorer Navigation Tool - A multi-function compass with a flip-up mirror (to signal in distress).* 3-in-1 Expedition Magnifier - Unscrew the handle to find a plastic chisel and brush.* 3 Activity Field Guides - These are not nearly as interesting as they should be; my kids read them once but weren't excited by the tasks.* Sturdy sack pack - Check out the picture I posted. The sack is on par with the quality you'd find securing a bottle of Crown Royal.For the price, the Outdoor Exploration Gear Pack should be made of higher quality materials. The pack retails for $39.99 but currently sells for $24.54, which is still too much for a box of plastic toys/tools. Gauge how much your child is interested in explorers and/or Indiana Jones. Also, the manufacturer recommends the pack for ages 8-15 but I don't recommend it for children older than 10. At the same time, I don't recommend this pack for children ages 6 and under as the plastic chisel and brush can be easily snapped if not treated with care.In summary, I like the presentation of Uncle Milton's National Geographic Outdoor Explorer's Pack and the collection of tools are perfect. My kids were excited at first but the plastic quality was disappointing. These toys/tools aren't durable enough to stand up to more than casual role playing.Rating: Two stars.DISCLOSURE: This review is courtesy of the Amazon Vine program, which provides products at no cost in exchange for my independent and unbiased feedback. My objective is to test and review products fairly, providing you with helpful information that improves your shopping experience. This product review was not sponsored or paid for in any way by the manufacturer or an agent working on their behalf.
I have to say I was disapointed in this product. When I read other reviews of it I thought that other people where being overly critical and picked it up anyway. I mean for the price, I thought my expectations would be in line. But it's just cheap.
The age appropriateness of this factory is WAY off - I would recommend it for 6 - 8 year olds, minimum, not 3 - 5 year olds.  My students weren't able to operate most parts of it.  It came with 4 scented containers of playdoh - but my students couldn't identify the scents - strawberry, banana, vanilla & blueberry.The factory set-up was very hard to push together to make them stay together - an adult definitely needs to complete this part.My students were unable to make most parts of this "factory" work correctly.  The main part where the "soft-serve ice cream" is "made" in the center is flawed.  The clear plastic dome top doesn't stay "turned/clicked in" to the top while the crank is being turned to make the "ice cream" come out through the bottom.  If 2 colors of playdoh are being used to make a swirl effect, prepare to have mixed playdoh colors - they can never become unmixed again.  Even the adults in my classroom couldn't make this part work correctly and stay attached while the crank was being turned.To make the fruit/candies/toppings for the Ice cream sundaes; it was easy enough for them to push in a small amount of playdoh into the indentations, but to get them out, a plastic knife had to be used to get them out, which ruined the "pieces".The 2 smaller parts where playdoh could be pushed through to make "shaped snakes" did work and my students did have fun with this part.  But I don't feel this is enough to make this factory a good buy.  It's frustration to the max!  I give it a big "Thumbs Down" for kid friendliness (and adult friendliness too).
The first major flaw with the toy is that there is only one truck included.  It's very clear about that on the box, but it's still ludicrous that a racing speedway would include only one vehicle (it is a really nice, well constructed truck though).The more frustrating flaw is that there is a space for a third track, but just these gray plastic things that cap them off.  One is supposed to be the "winner's stand" but if you look at it unassembled it's obvious that it was originally designed for three tracks.  I've also seen older versions where there were three, so this seems like a really lame cost saving measure.  Also, ours didn't come with any decorative stickers.  I don't know if they were just missing from ours or if none of them have them, but it looks substantially more lame without them.You race the cars by pressing a button that makes racing sounds and pushes the cars onto the track, but obviously the car that is higher will always win.  Also there's only one flag that goes down whenever any of the cars pass the finish line, so you can't really use that as an indicator (though my 3 year old could care less), and the cars flip over whenever they hit it.  The tracks are flimsy but they serve their purpose.  If you're wondering, one is longer than the other so they aren't interchangeable.It's an age old concept that's good, but the execution is severely lacking.
My son knows Chuck only from commercials and the occasional television program that he catches while visiting friends who have the Hub channel.  Despite this, he was very excited to receive the Tonka Chuck Tower Racing set.  At first glance, it looks like a young child's dream:  bright colors, flashy packaging, and a cool truck included.  However, crack open the package and you find a race set that looks eerily similar toTonka Wheel Pals Triple Track Tower.  Both include the "winner" activated flag and make sounds (although the sounds differ), and both even have a very similar looking checkered-flag (just swap out the logo between the flags on the sticker).  Both sets are reasonably sturdy and safe for a child to handle as well, but that's where the similarities end.The Chuck Tower set comes with only two tracks.  The Wheel Pals set features three tracks.  On the Chuck set, the section where the third track should go is conveniently covered by a "winner's" platform at the "start" end of the track.  At the end of the track, Tonka did nothing more than cover up the third track slot with a supposed "mechanic" panel that features a sticker with tools on it.  Granted, the two tracks that come with the Chuck set are longer, but what's the point in having a three-track tower that only comes with two tracks?Also, and this is the biggest difference in my opinion, the Chuck set comes with only one truck to race with.  Of course, it's obvious Tonka did this in order to make parents go out and buy more Chuck vehicles, but why didn't they include at least one more vehicle to race with?  The Wheel Pals set comes with three, yep, three cars to race with on the three, yes, I said three again, tracks!To top it all off, the Wheel Pals set is roughly $5 to $7 cheaper than the Chuck set depending on where you buy it!  You get more vehicles and all three tracks for less money, which means you are only paying the extra bucks for Chuck's name on the box!While I completely understand marketing ploys and the pressure to increase profits in today's economy, I cannot see the point in shortchanging parents or children with a toy that is obviously built for three tracks and three vehicles but only comes with two tracks and one vehicle.  Save your money, folks, and get the Wheel Pals set instead!
This is a nice little set for younger ones. Really, what kid doesn't like cars and trucks with little faces on them! It comes with starter batteries[2 AA's] but, though racing is featured prominently on packaging... there is only one little truck of die cast metal and plastic construction provided. If your child loves the "Cars" characters in a particular way, Tonka's "Chuck the Dump Truck" may not quite satisfy... but most little guys may hardly notice. There is a button on the base which provides fun audio expressions to enhance the fun.I think 5+ years will want more than this has to offer, but it is fine for 3 or 4. It is not excellent in construction or execution... but it is OK for a little indoor fun. :)
I don't know anything about toy design but after assembling this toy and having my kids play with it I can imagine how the process went. It is obvious from the design that it was supposed to be for 3 tracks (not two) and I suspect the intent was to include 3 cars as well. Somewhere in the journey from design to manufacture to marketing the 3rd track was eliminated in favor of some plastic cover-ups to hide the unused starting and ending areas. The inclusion of a single car is interesting for a race set as well, but I suppose the thought was that most kids have at least one car of some sort which can be used to race against. I am certain these changes significantly lowered the production cost but I suspect the original designer was not pleased...So, despite the compromises how much fun is this toy? I got this since my kids and I had recently participated in Pinewood Derby and I thought this might be a similar experience. Unfortunately, this toy leaves a lot to be desired. My son was real excited as I put it together but after about 10 minutes he lost interest. He did, however, get interested in contributing to this review and I will add some of his comments below as an edit once I get his final thoughts.I'm afraid I can't recommend this toy, though kids at the lower end of the targeted age range (3) might find it fun for a time.
This Tonka Chuck Tower Racing is not easy to put together for little ones.  It only comes with 1 car, you MUST take it apart to store it and it's quite flimsy.  It does have neat sounds  that little ones will like, but other than that, I would not recommend this toy...
This racing track is actually a good bit of fun - or at least it would be if it came with all the pieces. For $25 you only get half the product. Which is to say, two tracks and one car. If it had two cars, it would be much better. If it had all three tracks and three cars, it may actually be worth the asking price. This is a cute simple toy, but hey, kids like simple toys. Just be warned that if you buy it, be prepared to end up spending another $20 or so on the rest of the pieces.Here's my pros and cons:PROS:- The lengthy track leads to an exciting finish. It is especially thrilling to see the flag shoot up when the winning car passes the finish line.- Sound effects are a nice bonus. To start the race you press a button on the side which emits a nice sound effect, and also pushes the cars forward so they all start at the same time. I think this is especially nice!- Fairly easy to put together.CONS:- Hard to store. When you want to put this track away you're dealing with a 3+ foot long mess. Yes, you can take it apart to make for easy storage. But, let's face it, who wants to play with a toy you have to assemble each time? At my house we call those toys "junk."- Expensive. Assuming you buy the rest of the parts, we're dealing with a $50 slope for cars to slide down. Really?- Quickly lose interest. The lacking bells and whistles makes this toy thrill-less quite fast. Had the cars slid down a circular slope or bumpy slope or something to make it more interesting I think it would have been better. I don't know much about this toy, but it seems a much more interesting version of the same idea:Tonka Wheel Pals Triple Track TowerOverall I do think this toy has potential. Youngsters will no doubt be mesmerized by the action-reaction elements of the flag lifting and car rolling and built up momentum, but I just don't understand why they think they can sell a product that is missing important pieces. I think it's ridiculous.
As every other parent reviewing before me has stated I too am befuddled on why they would not include a second vehicle.  You cannot 'race' and truly get the feeling without the second racer.  I also understand that this is the gimmick that toy makers/producers employ in getting poor unsuspecting parents to reach for the toy and realize as their child is screaming to open it that they goofed and didn't purchase any 'additional accessories'.Maybe if toymakers were forced to stay in a room all day with a child that is having a tantrum because 'additional accessories' were not included then they would stop MAKING THESE HORRIBLE DECISIONS.  I understand regarding extras and more characters etc. but not when this is a Tonka Chuck Tower RACING Tower.  The only point of this game is to... you guessed it, RACE.  They should have included another vehicle.  I feel they didn't because it is a junky garbage pile toy.My son whom is five years old was excited by the packaging.  Dad built while son anticipated.  Son slapped on the stickers and Dad realized that the tracks were not interchangeable.  Dad also realized that one track was longer and because of the elevation would always 'win'.  Dad also came to realize that there was a slot for a third track but it couldn't snap on.  Son thoroughly enjoyed it for 5 minutes and then wanted to race.  We were stumped.  We pulled out a basket filled with various toy vehicles including Hot Wheels.  None of the types would slide down the plastic ramp properly.  Either they were too big, too small or not weighted properly.  The toy was 'toyed' (pardon the pun) with for a total of 15 minutes and that is with build time.  It has been sitting on my son's floor since that day.Bottom line:  I do not recommend this product because for the price you are getting plastic and one vehicle.  There is sound when you get to the bottom but it loops.  I have found that the tracks have now fallen off the their little shelves.  Horrible toy that really needed the extra vehicle to help boost it's somber rating.
Battleship is one of those classic games that you have these fond memories of playing as a child but try to embrace as an adult only to find out that memories are often coated with nostalgia and thus unreliable.  In other words; this isn't very much fun.  The classic version of the game is redundant and boring and over time a chore.  It's like trying to play Monopoly from start to finish with a group of more than three people.  Who does that?  With the film adaptation last year, Battleship was becoming rediscovered by man-children everywhere, and a new generation of kids was being introduced to the game for the first time.War!  Explosions!  Aliens?So, Hasbro decided to repackage, reimagine and remarket this game for the public.  I have to say, this may even be MORE slow, tiring, boring and redundant than the original.  Thanks to the sudden need to have everything electronic, this tripped out version of the classic board game runs on three AA batteries and talks you through your warfare.  The standard `macho man' voice is robotic and annoying and as the repetitious sayings keep coming my brain starts to hurt.  While having an electronic foundation has it's pluses (flashy sounds, inability to cheat) it has some major drawbacks that go beyond the ridiculous voice and redundancy.  Setup is a major chore.  If you want to assign your ships their own spaces then you have to go through this tiresome setup where you manually punch in their coordinates.  This takes almost as long as it takes to actually play the game.I do like that there is a single player mode, but really how often are you going to play this by yourself?  A better question is how often are you going to play this, period?  Not very often, I'm pretty certain.  The look is impressive and the bulky, military feel to the actual design of the gameboard itself is cool, and I love how it compartmentalizes so that you can store it on its own without the box, but outside of looking neat the game is a total dud.When you take a blast from the past that is, in a word, boring, and try and reimagine it, the goal is to make it `un-boring', right?
I had my 9 year old nephew try and put this together.  He loves anything to do with Legos and was super-excited to put this together.  He especially liked that it "really shoots" missles, etc.  He spent a few hours trying to assemble it.  3 times during construction, it fell apart.  Now, you might think it was his fault, and he didn't snap the pieces together correctly, etc.  To put this in perspective - he is a lego MASTER! (At least in his own eyes).  He is not one to improperly connect legos or lego-like pieces, such as this "KRE-O" thing.Upon the third time that this thing fell apart, he broke down and wanted to smash it.  He was tearing up and very angry that it just wouldn't stay together.  I felt bad for him, and help him reduce the semi-ship to it's individual pieces.  I put them all in a ziploc bag and said he can always try some other day.  I have a feeling he won't.  I have a feeling this will stay in the drawer and probably be thrown out pretty soon.
Well this cute little guy doesn't do much except make some odd funny noises and jump up and down a bit.  I could not get it to jump to me as it mentions in the blurb.  I have no idea how long it would last in the hands of a small child.  It seems pretty cheap.I got a dog similar to this a few years ago and I thought it worked a lot better.
A good children's toy should have utility. It should be something that a child can use for its intended purpose and enjoy for a considerable time, and something that they can use for unintended purposes, getting fun out of it that the creators might not have considered. The ubermensch in this category is Silly Putty, which can be used for dozens of purposes beyond those attached to the egg, but there's more than a few toys that meet this qualification.This bunny doesn't. You pet it, it hops. You pet it again, it hops again. The fur is pretty thin and the chassis is hard and unusually heavy, so it can't be cuddled. It doesn't learn from past experience or make realistic animals sounds. After about thirty minutes, my boys (5 and 9) were quite utterly bored with this.Hardly a good value for $28.
The bunny is really cute and a good size, but the kids were soon bored by it.  It didn't seem to always respond to being patted.  I thought that it would go for a further distance, but it only does a couple of hops, then stops. It didn't work at all on a thin carpet.  The box says that it will go in a circle and hop back to you, but I haven't seen it happen.  I don't think that it is worth $25, more like $15.  I also wish that the on/off controls were a bit larger and easier to read.  It took me a while to discover the velcro closure on the bottom.
According to the instructions, the bunny is supposed to hop around in circles after you stroke its back. Well, it never does. After each stroke it makes at the most two hesitant, abbreviated hops but then it stops and makes a sniffling or whining sound (not sure which is which). You have to constantly press the button on its back to make it move, about every few seconds or so. The instructions claim it has an ultra-sensitive "sensor" but in reality it's just a button. The toy was cute at first but gets tiresome fast. The switch is hidden underneath the belly (open the velcro) and include "Try Me", "on" and "off". My cousin's 3 year old daughter got bored having to constantly prod it to get it to move. The sounds aren't very endearing either, nothing like the real thing (our friends have a pet rabbit). Lastly, the fur isn't substantial or fluffy enough to make you want to hug it more - it's made of cheap, scratchy synthetic material.I wish I had something positive to say about it, but it's only good as a stuffed animal you win at a fair. Sigh.
Summary: Don't botherTiger electronics made the Furby and many other cool toys so perhaps I had higher expectations.  We have 3 girls, 4, 6, and 8.  They found this to be interesting in the first day and set up a nest out of blankets in one of the bedrooms.  After a few days they really didn't play with it more than any of their other stuffed animals.Here are my criticisms:.1) Fur does not feel that nice.  We have many other stuffed animals that feel very silky smooth.  The fur on this looks and feels cheap.2) The noises the bunny makes are fairly loud.  Real rabbits are not this loud, and frankly, if it's loud enough for your parent's to find it annoying, they will be relieved when you lose interest.3) You have to adjust the hind legs to get it to move in a circle, otherwise it just does a humping action without moving.  The hind legs move very easily which means that after you fix it, the kids get the legs out of position very easily.4) Activation button requires a press - more than if you were petting a real animal.Was there anything I liked?  The concept of an animatronic animal/pet for the kids is a neat idea but unfortunately, execution in this toy is lacking.  Ok, so that seems a bit harsh - the logic on the toy does have the bunny acting "Alive" for at least ~5-10 minutes after activation, but a lot of that is simply sitting there and making sniffling and peeping sounds.If you have any questions, comments or if you found this review helpful, please let me know!
My daughter loves sesame street and we have several of the Let's Rock! dolls. The cookie monster is a big disappointment. FIrst you have to move the arm with the microphone to get him to sing a VERY short snippet. However, my daughter is 2 and has trouble getting the music to start because of how far over you need to pull the arm. Additionally, it is extremely hard to make out what is being sung because the sound is very low and muffled. Furthermore, the doll can't simply become a bed time toy as it has the hard box in the back for batteries and a plastic piece in the arm that make it stiff if your child tries to hug it. Overall, I am very unimpressed with this toy and wouldn't purchase it.
My 2 yr. old grandson was so excited to get this toy. He played with it for a little while, but he kept trying to put the microphone next to the cookie monster's mouth, but I guess it had to be a certain way, because sometimes it would sing, but sometimes it wouldn't. So this toy was quickly thrown into the toy box and only pulled out once and a while. He still prefers his tickle me Elmo.
I'd love to tell you that this was great fun for my two year old, but alas, the Playskool Sesame LET'S ROCK! Singing Cookie Monster was dead on arrival. Changing batteries didn't solve the problem, so I put it aside to return it, as my daughter was a big fan of the Let's Rock Elmo and this supposedly interacts with that. Well, Elmo broke the following week, and Let's Rock! Singin' Cookie Monster was being played with, despite his defective nature, so that never happened. Ultimately, I was more disappointed than my daughter, but that doesn't change the fact that Cookie was a lemon.
I must say that the concept behind this toy is good but the execution was terrible.  Cookie Monster is cute--especially his singing voice--and he is perfectly sized for toddlers, but that's where any positive factors end for me.  My grandson is two and he could not pull the right arm over to the mouth well enough to get Cookie Monster to start singing.  Also, if you let go of the arm, the volume drops dramatically.  No way can a young child hold the arm in that position for any length of time.  My grandson tried so hard to keep pulling the arm so Cookie Monster would sing that he pulled the microphone off the second day.  He would get frustrated and throw the toy on the ground and start crying.  Maybe I'm way off here, but I don't buy toys to make children cry in frustration.  Having a button on the microphone to activate Cookie Monster would have been a much better idea.  Now Cookie Monster sits in the corner sans microphone going unused.  At least he comes with batteries.  Also, if you do buy, don't forget to flip the switch on the battery case from demo to play.
My 9 year-old son is a huge Beyblade fan. He has about 15 tops and 3 other stadiums, and has had hours of fun over the last couple of years customizing his Beys and battling with his friends. The fun provided by this set, however, was virtually non-existent, as the two tops in the set are absolutely the worst Beyblades we've ever battled with.The tops that come with this set are from Beyblade's new line of Stealth Battlers, designed with special, hidden attack features that trigger on impact. Kerbecs Blade Blast has three blade-like arms that pop out, while Pegasus Jumper has a spring-loaded bottom that launches it up into the air... pretty cool, right? Well, whatever the cool factor, these tops are extremely terrible battlers. The arms on Kerbecs Blade Blast are supposed to "unleash to strike opponents," but in reality, all they do is cause the top to stop itself immediately. Pegasus Jumper does jump up in an impressive manner, but its jumping feature causes it to lose a lot of momentum and it's rarely able to win against a simple, traditional Beyblade top. My son and I love the drama of long, intense Beyblade battles. There's none of that with these tops, and that makes them no fun.The Half Pipe stadium is, in my opinion, the only decent part of this set. It's smaller than the average Beyblade stadium, with one curved side and one dead flat side. Using our good, old-fashioned metal Beyblades, we were able to have some pretty interesting battles in the Half Pipe, and really enjoyed seeing which types of Beyblades thrived in the small, curved stadium. Stamina tops did very well, while attack Beys, like our L-Drago, just couldn't seem to win. The Half Pipe isn't the best stadium we have by far - that honor has to go to our original Super Vortex stadium - but we had a good time experimenting with it nonetheless.Though we're huge fans of Beyblades and enjoyed trying this set, I certainly don't recommend it overall. Get a stand-alone stadium from your local big box retailer, buy a handful of basic metal Beyblades, and you'll have much better battles to look forward to!
My girls were pretty excited about this half pipe set, expecting these Beyblades to have a longer battle in the smaller arena. While the tops are interesting visually, they only spin about half as long as a standard Beyblade. The top with the blades goes off balance fairly easily, it ran longer against the enclosed jumping Beyblade but was disabled quickly by aBeyblade Metal Masters - Attack Battle Top #BB70 Galaxy Pegasus. In fact, the Galazy Pegasus spun about twice as long as either of the tops in this set. The girls also preferred their old trackBeyblades Metal Fusion Beystadium Bolt Blast Stadium Dark Blue. Not recommended as a starter set. The girls decided to keep it but plan to use it for launch practice, not battle sessions.
My son's friend introduced him to beyblade and my son was amazed. He asked for his own, so after a good report card we went out and got him this set. this set, was awful. The stealth Kerbecs Blade Blast(the greenish blue one), does not spin well and loses often. My son could hardly get that one to work well, so he was very disappointed and it left me wondering what made him like beyblade in the first place. These two beyblades would hit each other a few times and the battle would be over within 10-15 seconds. He told me over and over that his friends beyblades lasted longer and did not give out as quickly as these.....so we went out and purchased another two beyblades from walmart. When we got home and he whipped those out, i FINALLY understood why he liked them. The regular beyblades, he got the pegasus and earth virgo, would battle and spin MUCH longer than the two he got with this set. Also we bought another arena that had much more room and the beyblades could bounce around. in the halfpipe they could not do this because it was too small and one side was flat. I was very disappointed in this set, and thankfully toysrus accepted our return and we exchanged it for the super vortex set which was also a good buy. My son loves beyblades, his 4 year old sister even enjoys it and its something they can play together and have lots of fun with. When my son's friend came over the 3 of them played together. I loved that they could all play together. I would buy over and over!
This is the second Beyblade set we have.  The first one we have is actually a full circle so the blades have more room to spin.  This one seems very limited in space, so once they are launched, they hit each other.  Not really much replay value.  Once they battle, and one hits the other that's pretty much it.  Yes, you can buy accessories, but I don't really see this as something that kids really get into in terms of replay value.  They're actually pretty cool outside of the arena, but the whole thing is to have them battle.  The "tops" themselves are very durable.  Heavy so they spin very, very well.  These blades actually open up with contact with either the arena or the other Beyblade opponent.  But, then they stop pretty fast.I'm not too sold on this toy.  I don't see much of my kids playing with me as much.  It's good for a couple of battles, then it's off to other things.
Last month I reviewed theLittlest Pet Shop Treehouse Playset. We also own several other LPS sets, including theCozy Care Adoption Center. Compared to those, this Slide and Dive Playset was disappointing.As with the Treehouse Playset, this comes with one Walkable pet: a penguin. He's got a huge head but he's cute. He comes with preinstalled batteries and he waddles. But there's no instructions to tell you to crank the penguin's head back to expose the wheel. Otherwise he doesn't slide down the ramp very well.Other problems? While LPS sets are generally very good at sharing--the materials show other pets frolicking together here, along with the disclaimer: "Additional pets sold separately"--plenty of pets don't fit the harness (it looks more like a noose) for the dance floor. And certainly almost no other pets can slide down the ramp satisfactorily. The spinning pool feature is very loose and falls out easily. As a final insult, the cardboard cutout of the tropical lounge background for the dance floor is very easy to forget in the packaging, and probably won't last long anyway. Who wants a toy made out of cardboard?Comes with two very small coconut drinks. The acorns from the Treehouse Playset are bigger and better.Summary: This playset offers very little action, and what little there is doesn't work very well.Age: 4+2 stars (spend ten bucks more and get the Treehouse Playset)
My children keep a small collection of Littlest Pet Shops in our home, and I really wanted to like this product. It comes with one little character, and his legs are motorized ... they spin, but he's unbalanced  so he can't really go anywhere. You can connect him at the top of the slide, and then he goes around in a small circle which spins the fish below him. He moves slow, and so this quickly gets boring. The character can also slide down the slide, but then even that doesn't make sense. When he lands at the bottom, there's a moveable plastic fountain that turns by hand. ? It has nothing to do with the character, if you spin the fountain when he's near it, he just falls off the whole contraption. This toy is one of those purchases you make and immediately regret that you'll have to send this chunk of plastic to a landfill. Don't waste your money.
From the toy's name, I thought this would be something where I could be able to put in a little bit of water, and my 3 and half year old daughter could have her favorite small pets slide and dive into it. She loves playing with water.I was disappointed upon getting the toy and noticing it's just a fake imagine slide and dive. Comes with a usual battery operated one pet. The build quality materials are very good as can be expected, but there is nothing in this toy to really captivate a child's interest.My daughter has not played with it or expressed interest into it, after the initial first day we opened it. It has been dissected and parts salvaged into her other toys and collections.
This play set gets boring fast. Comes with one animal, and it slides down the slide, and that's it. Not worth the price, but still we pay it for our kid's sake. Save your money and just buy the animals, they can make up scenes themselves, and your not stuck with plasic to recycle later. Just not entertaining enough to make it worth it, my daughter played with this about ten minutes and hasn't played with it since.
I'm not sure I really get the hype here.  I mean, these are glorified tops; fuzzy play things that serve a marginal purpose.  They spin, but not for very long, and they lack any true balance to utilize the gimmick of placing the spinning `bunny' on `dizzy cord handle'.  They aren't particularly cute either, which is a downer.  My kids liked these for about five minutes.  Then the fun wore off.  The bunnies can disconnect from their bottoms, which is nice, and the rip cord is a good idea for spinning purposes, but I just can't say that this is a great toy.  It's a top, and it's not like they really did much to reinvent it.  Besides that, it is rather pricy for what it offers.  There are only so many times you can watch something spin and fall before you're impelled to move on to something else.
My granddaughter couldn't have cared less about these things -- which are essentially simply glorified spinning tops -- and I couldn't blame her. When I was a kid, I never saw any entertainment value in spinning tops, either.They are well-made, as you'd expect from Hasbro. I can say that for them, but I can't think of anything else about them that's positive or that makes them desireable in the marketplace or fun for kids.
These little bunny tops are furry and colorful and even kind of cute (although they've embroidered mouths are rather odd-looking up close), but not a good value or something that your kids will want to play with over and over.  My daughter couldn't wait to rip into the package when these arrived.  Several spins and five minutes -- maybe just two minutes -- later, she deemed them "boring" and set them aside.They're okay, they do what they're supposed to do -- spin -- but nothing else.  They really are boring and I don't see that they have any significant educational or entertainment value.  They very much remind me of some Pokemon spinning toys that came free in Burger King kid's meals about ten years ago -- although I think the Burger King toys were actually better quality.  These seem like something that should come free in a kid's meal or be on display in the two for a dollar section at the dollar store.  Just saying.
This product consists of two toy tops, designed to look like some type of cute fuzzy creatures, and colored to appeal to girls (pink, purple).  They are the type of tops that use a ratcheting plastic strip that is pulled quickly through slots in the base of the top, which initiates the gyroscope effect.  The marketing hook for these toys is that the upper and lower portions of the tops are interchangeable.  Since the bases themselves are solidly colored and the same shape, the kidlets were underwhelmed by that ability.The age range of these tops is supposed to be 4 to 12.  The 3 year old had some difficulty holding the top upright while inserting the plastic strip.  The 6 year old didn't have any problem operating it.  Both of them quickly became bored with the tops.  Unless they're put onto sloped surface, they tend to stay put in one spot on the floor.  They do spin for a long time, but that's all they do; put them side by side and that's where they stay - no bumping into each other, no spinning off in other directions, nothing really very interesting at all.  The kids played with them the first day they got them, but have basically ignored them since.Based upon the reactions of my crew, I'd say spend your money on a better toy.
By looking at this new line of Beyblades, they seem really cool - extra hidden attacks that work when it makes contact with another top.  But the question is how well does it work?This particular top has two "hammers" that punch out of the side of the top.  This increases its width and hopefully sends a lethal punch to your opponent's Beyblade.  The hammers are activated by tiny little trigger switches on the edge of the top.  As it's spinning, when it makes contact with something, the triggers are pressed, which releases the spring on the hammers, sending them outward.The differences don't end there.  This top is pretty large.  Visually, it looks much bigger than standard Beyblades, and while some of it's dimensions are a bit bigger, it's actually pretty close in size to standard tops.  It's made purely of plastic and cannot be dissasembled.  The good news is that it does fit a standard launcher and ripcord, unlike some of the other specialty Beyblades.Since it's a bit bigger and made of plastic, it doesn't seem to have as much heft as the smaller, metal Beyblades.  Additionally, when the hammers are out, two things will happen: The top's spinning speed will slow down, this is just a law of physics.  Second, since there's two hammers, the top is somewhat unbalanced.  These two things lead to its demise.  More often than not, the sudden shock of the hammers deploying, a slowing of speed, decrease in stability, plus being paired against smaller/denser tops will often send this top flying across the arena.  If not that, any wobble causes the hammers to hit a wall or the floor, and this top is toast.All in all, a poor top that will rarely win any battles against a standard Beyblade.  I used a Beyblade arena to test this against other Beyblades.  Even giving this one the benefit of launching the other top first, letting it slow down, then launching this one, it always lost.  I even re-spun this top and lost a second time to a standard Beyblade, without having to resping the standard one.Save your money on this one and get something else.
As a father, I have to admit that Beyblade's have brought me and my son together. In the past, he has purchased toys such as Hot Wheels, Mighty Beans, Pokemon and Super Hero figures but there was nothing that drew him into playing those toys for a long time (like we did back in the day when we played our toys until they broke).But with Beyblades, these are toys that father and son (well, my wife "tries" to play with him too) can really bond with and enjoy battling together. For the reason that it's something that your children can easily beat mom and dad at. But also for them to find out how they can maximize the potential of their Beyblade and know its strengths and weakness.My son is a big fan of the Beyblade animated series and he introduced me to the concept of Beyblade. I've watched and saw how the toys and the research into the toys introduced him to the concept of attack, defense, balance and stamina. He learned about the force of objects colliding, recoil, strategy on how to use his grip/launchers, etc.As a father, I can see the educational value of this toy, but I can also see how much fun they are too place, especially how they are designed for battling. How cool is that?While his favorites are the metal Beyblades (which do help in educational value but also are customizable), he has always been interested in trying out the plastic Tornado Battlers and the XTS (Extreme Top System) Stealth Battler Beyblades.So, for parents...Beyblades can be very addicting.  Sure, it can cost a bit much when you start delving into ordering overseas for better Beyblades, especially for stadiums. But for the time that I have with my son and both of us enjoying these games together, that time is priceless!Also, it's something that he can learn from and these are toys that even older people, yes...parents can enjoy playing with their kids as well!REVIEW OF THE BEYBLADE XTS: TEMPO HAMMER HITThe concept of the Beyblade XTS is intriguing.  The XTS Beyblades are primarily made of plastic.  Unlike it's metal counterparts, there is no customizing tracks or tips.  And unlike their metal counterparts, they are much more expensive.When hit, they have a certain gimmick.  For example, Pegasus Jumper will jump and land on a Beyblade, Kerbecs Blade Blast will extend its arms like a ninja star and for Temp Hammer Hit, two hammer like extensions come out.For those not familiar with Tempo, it's derived from its metal counterpart, Twisted Tempo (aka Basalt Horogium), one of the toughest Beyblades released in America thus far.  But unlike it's metal counterpart, it's gimmick is unfortunately it's weakness.Try going against another XTS Beyblade and one hit of its hammer extension literally puts this XTS Beyblade to a halt.  Use the XTS Half-Pipe, due to its smaller area, hitting a wall will cause Tempo Hammer to screech to a halt.This was so bad that my son was getting frustrated by it and we were both thinking, maybe it would work better if we taped it on the sides to prevent the hammer from extending and let it try to win by slamming other Beyblades.  But he figured, this is not like the metal beyblades, this is an XTS Beyblade that is meant to to fight with its hammer arms.And as I watched him try and try again, and he asking me to try it and see if I can get it to work, I realize that Tempo Hammer Hit was not that great.While there was a much better performance using a larger Hasbro stadium such as Lion's Lair with much more space, while this fixed the issue of not hitting a wall and triggering its hammer arms, it did not remedy the problem of going against the other XTS Beyblades.  One hit from its arms, it stops.While the original Hasbro XTS launcher worked well, We then tried other ways to test Tempo Hammer Hit, by using a Takara Tomy launcher because it's Japanese counterpart has a longer plastic puller/cord (note: chances of the Takara Tomy Light Launcher II prongs of breaking off the XTS are high, which my son learned after a few times playing with it.  So we used the XTS prongs and attached them to replace the Takara Tomy prongs in the Light Launcher II).  And this worked, but once again, it does not fix the problem of it knocking itself out in battle.JUDGMENT CALLWhile I know many may want to try Tempo Hammer Hit because of the success rate of its metal counterpart ala Twisted Tempo/Basalt Horogium, unfortunately the XTS version of Tempo is not the best.  It's gimmick of two hammer arms may sound appealing but it's also its biggest weakness.  As the arms hits another Beyblade, it literally stops your Beyblade.There are other XTS Beyblades that are much better than the Tempo Hammer Hit.  In fact, the two that come with the half-pipe work much better than the Tempo Hammer Hit.While my son did find other uses for Tempo Hammer Hit, to play with it on its lonesome and launch it on the table to break apart his Lego buildings that he created, defeating action figures and things like that.  In terms of an XTS Beyblade going against an another, it's not good at all.For parents, if you had to make a choice between this XTS or its metal counterpart, the metal ones which are much more cheaper is the best way to go and they perform much better.  As for educational use, the metal Beyblades were much easier as it got my son interested in astronomy, learning about rotation and recoil to even learning how to keep in track of charts on MS Excel.While the gimmick of this XTS Beyblade was a good idea, the performed was worse than we expected.  But instead of using it for battle, it's become more of a toy used with his other toys and breaking things up (ie. Legos).Once again, there are better XTS Beyblades out there and the metal Beyblades and even the Tornado Battlers will provide much more satisfaction than Tempo Hammer Hit.
It's a Beyblade the only difference whit this new design are the hammers they will have for effect to stop this one from spinning and in a beyblade competition you will lose and that's not good at all, it's nice and looks powerfull but is not, and I don't recommend this toy.
If you have boys that are into Beyblades, I am sure they would love to add this to their collection.  If they like to dominate their friends in the battle then have their friend borrow the hammer hit.  When I first saw it, I thought it would do well in battle by knocking out the competition,Well it did not go down that way.  Unfortunately when the hammers put out after they are trigger the balance is thrown off.  At this point if the other beyblade hits on top of the hammer the battle end quickly with the hammer hit being stopped.Your kids will still have fun with the hammer hit and maybe your experience will be different then our experience.
This toy has a button that cycles through a few Minnie quotes and songs, all of them can be heard three rooms away.  And they're annoying.  She comes with three dresses, three bows and two pairs of shoes.  That's it.  Not sure where they come up with the "10+ accessories" the box claims.  The age says 2+ but my daughter, who is about 3 1/2 has a little trouble putting the shoes on by herself.  The case has a handle and wheels to make it like a tiny travel suitcase, but it's so short even my 3-year-olds have to hunch over to keep the wheels on the ground.
Nice bright colors, the music and light are nice, but the ballcano is very unstable and slide all the time, the balls pups all the time this toy is boring my nephew just play a little and forget a bought it.
My 15-month-old loves playing with balls and loves music, so I thought this would be a great toy for him.  I was so wrong.  He likes to put the balls into something, not on something, so he doesn't like putting them in the center to lift up and go over the edge--he is much to impatient for that and just takes the balls out to play with them.  His friend (same age) came over for a play date and did the same thing.  He gets the spinner to make the music play and all, but doesn't wait for the balls to "explode."  It would be much better if the balls needed to be put inside something and then exploded out of that.  Kids like to put things into holes, not place them on top of things.I don't like that when the balls go over the edge half the time they don't land in the bottom of the legs, but go flying all over the floor.  I felt like I was chasing balls more than letting him play with the toy.  After just one day we are already missing one ball.Oh, and the 2nd day of having this toy freaked my son out.  He started crying from the noises it was making.  I'm not sure why, but he wouldn't go near it.  So, this toy will not be taking up precious floor space any longer.  I'm putting it away for now...maybe he will like it more later, but I am not sure that I will.A word about assembly--this is not just snap and go...it requires you to screw in the legs to the top.  I had a very difficult time getting the screws all the way in or in at all (I have it assembled minus one screw) because it seems the screws are just a hair too large for the holes.  It was not a good idea for me to put this together with my son around, either...he was irritated that he couldn't play with it right away.  On top of his irritation, I had to make sure to keep all the screws out of his reach as well as the batteries I had ready to go into it (man that kid is fast and can reach a lot higher than I thought!).
This toy is not worth the money in my opinion.  The balls are placed on the top of the toy.  When the baby/toddler rolls one particular piece of the toy the toy plays music.  It takes a while for the music to stop.  While the music is playing the balls start to rise.  At the end of the music playing the balls pop up and then the balls fall into one of the three tunnels on the legs.  The balls are supposed to be caught at the bottom of each leg but that rarely happens.  Most times the adult has to go retrieve the balls.  By the time all of the balls are retrieved and placed back on the game, the toddler has found something more fun to play with.  I would not purchase this item unless the price drops to less than twenty dollars.
As far as playing goes the Disney Princess Cinderella Wedding Carriage is pretty weak. There are some plastic reins from the carriage to the horse but they are so loosely attached that any play will cause them to fall off. Putting it on a shelf for display might be a better option but it's really gaudy looking. It may appeal to a young girl who likes sparkly wheels but if I were to get my daughter something to put on the shelf I would purchase something more attractive. My daughter was playing with the carriage and bent the reins and they ended up permanently curved. Cinderella has a removable plastic dress with a swimsuit underneath and my daughter did get a charge the first time she discovered the dress came off. Personally, I wouldn't pay 20 dollars for a low end plastic toy that looks like it has no durability.
As other reviewers have pointed out, this toy requires special pens and special European A4 sized paper.  Not sure where to get replacement pens and we didn't want to spend the afternoon cutting paper... The 8 year old we gave this to spent a few minutes playing with it and then moved on... and she's a very creative artistic child who usually loves crafts etc so I was surprised this didn't pass the test.So, none of us were enthused -- can't really recommend it.
Here's what you get in the box:-A very very cheaply made plastic frame and circular tracing template;-Three colored pencils;-One tracing pen;-Instructions-About 15 sheets of square paperMy girls enjoyed this product once. They're 5 and needed a little help at first lining up the arrows on the frame. After that, they were bored with it. There is only one tracing template, so options are limited.You get a limited amount of oddly sized paper. 8 1/2 X 11 won't fit in the frame, so once you're out you'll be cutting pages for your kids (if they still want to play with it).The frame and tracing template are single pieces of the most cheap plastic you could imagine coming out of China. One gets the impression that the box itself costs many times more than the contents. The box is substantial, but is over 1/2 full of filler material to try to give the product a better shelf appearance.I cannot recommend this product.
My daughter (9) and I attempted to play this. The instructions are a little confusing. We never did figure out if you fall into the black hole just by landing on it or only if you get knocked off. It's an okay concept, just confusing and a little too forced or something.She was on the high end of the age range for this, but she got very bored with it very quickly. We played it twice and then she was off to find good old Uno.Overall, I don't recommend this, get Battleship or Uno instead.
This is way too confusing, even after reading the instrunctions my 11 year old who this was aimed at could nt figure it out. He said it was very confusing. So we just played imignation. My 11 year old son and and 8 year old grandaughter, had fun just setting up and playing imignation with this board.
This is a pretty basic game.  Roll the dice, move the rockets.  A few of the "strips" have properties that affect your moves.  Try to get all your rockets to the top.You get some variation by moving the strips around during play so that it's not always the same landing zones at each point, but even with the variation, my son just didn't really care for the game.There's options based on the rolls you do where you can move someone else's piece back (kind of like how  you can impact the opponent's play in "Sorry") but it's just a lot more anticlimactic than the other games are.  He still likes Chutes and Ladders and Sorry far more than this game.All in all, we tried this for a couple weeks to get a feel for it and see what the interest level was, but even for that short period of time I had to bribe him with something else to get him to take a little time to play this first.  He was just that uninterested in it compared to his other board games.Probably better suited to a much younger set than it's actually targeting...
I had a major back surgery in June and when I saw this new game, I thought it would be fun to use some of my free time to try to figure this game out by myself.  My family plays a number of European style board games and really enjoy them.  I figure the younger members of the family would be able to figure the game out.  But I simply gave up after trying to do it on my own.  Struggling through the instructions just about blew my 70 year old brain.  It seemed to have a lot of pieces and the rules were just so confusing.  It did not look like as much fun as some other games.  We have played Dominion, Ticket to Ride,(both US and Europe) and Carcassonne.  While I seldom can beat the younger generation I always have a wonderful time.
We've enjoyed several games by Ravensburger in our family, so I was excited to receive Seeland Family Game.  This is a game geared toward ages 9-15 as stated in the description.  The game was very difficult to set up- even for me as an adult.  I finally was able to figure out set up (although it seemed some pieces did not match their description).  After our difficulties with set up, I began studying the instructions so that I could read through them with the kids.  I must confess that I eventually gave up.  I may sit down alone sometime and study some more.  But, the game would have to end up being loads and loads of fun to play in order to make it worth all this trouble in set up and learning to play.I think the game isn't appropriate for the age level recommended.  Older kids who enjoyed a strategy type game might find it worthwhile to ponder over the instructions.  But, it was definitely not for us.
This game is the fourth Ravensburger game I've picked up through the Vine program in the last several months. Of those four, I like this one the least. It's not all bad, of course, but certainly not as much fun as the others or as much fun as I expected it to be. It's difficult for me to rate a game poorly when I really wanted to like it, but I'll just be honest: Neither I or my family enjoyed playing this games. To be fair, here's my list of pros and cons:PROS:1. As with all Ravensburger games, the production quality is very high: sturdy construction, aesthetically pleasing illustrations, multi-language instructions, plastic baggies actually included for storing all pieces in an organized manner.2. From an educational standpoint, the game has some real value. The game, itself, is a lesson in history of the Danish empire, geography, and agriculture. Never a bad thing to learn something useful when you're playing a game.3. Play length isn't terrible. You won't be working at this game all night, like some games, and most families prefer games that take an hour or less to play.CONS:1. The instructions are not as thorough as they need to be. Maybe something was lost in translation? I don't know, but I sure had a few unasnwerable questions when playing this game. Consequently, we had to come up with our own "house rules" to determine what would play  best, make the most sense, and be the most fair in these circumstances.2. This game took a long time to learn to play! As with most new games our family purchases, it falls on me to be the one responsible for learning to play the game and then teach it to the rest of the family. I spent a couple of hours running through a sample game by myself, learning how to play it and continually refrencing the rulebook. This isn't uncommon for a lot of "euro-games," but the pay-off is usually better than it was for this game.3. There are quite a few very small pieces in this game that could be lost very easily. With many children in the house who often shuffle through the games closet, I worry about this sort of thing. For others, it may not be as pressing a concern. Though it seems more "durable" than many games produced in the USA, I had to rate its overall durability a bit lower due to the tiny pieces.4. Play length isn't great. It took my family about 90 minutes to play through this game the first time. Sure, times would be shorter in the future, but I find it hard to believe this game could be started and finished in less than an hour. One hour is often too long for my family unless the game is really fun. Which brings me to my last criticism...5. This game just wasn't much fun. Both of my older children and my wife told me that the game was too boring and that they didn't want to ever play it again. I, myself, found it lacking in that key component of any great game: fun. Any game that isn't fun isn't going to be played repeatedly, and that describes this game. It's too bad, but there it is: we just flat-out found the game to be uninteresting, so two stars is the highest I can rate it.
I had thought that because this was by Ravensburger that it would be high quality.As a toy for a 6-10 year old, this really comes up short.First off, it has a clever idea:  a stable place to put the design paper with stencils that rotate above it, for uniformity.  However, the designs aren't really meant to work when the stencils rotate.  Mostly, they are for simply tracing. You can use the batteries (add four AA's)to make it automatic, but it just moves the stencil around like a dial, it doesn't allow the design to continue in a circle.  I'm sorry this doesn't sound clearer, but this isn't a clear toy to use.  It's just an elevated stencil that is supposed to look more high tech because it moves.  It makes a heck of a lot of noise, and doesn't do much else.It comes with a very cute butterfly punch (the best of the whole package) and a design stamp.  It comes with one ink pen (they really should have had a whole set of felt tips to fill in the stencil openings...the fine tip requires lots of scribbling to make work.  Two large purple stencils and three small are included.  They include 8 pieces of paper to get started, and wouldn't you know it, regular printer paper is too large by 1/4".  So, you'll have to cut more or buy more.Given that you are just getting a few stencils, this is inordinately large.  The plastic case around it has a lid and places for the accessories, but the lid popped off immediately when we used it and the rest of pieces feel cheap.For educational value, I don't any value.For fun, maybe a few minutes out of the sheer newness of it might entertain a kid.  Sadly, my kid went for the large Amazon box it came in to play with...fifteen minutes after this was opened.Durability?  This plastic will last forever, but all in one piece and working, doubtful, especially that any pressure put on the stencil by the child's hands makes the little motor groan.
The  Machine comes with:2 large stencils3 small stencils6 colored pencils10 sheets of paper1 felt tip penglueglitterWe did not have much fun with this. The lid of the toy will not stay on.  It seems very cheaply made. The instuctions were not easy to follow.  We ended up just using the stencils on their on instead of with the machine.
The stencils were probably the best part.  But colored pencils, some paper, glue and glitter and that's about all you get.  The machine that came with it is junk.
I guess maybe my son doesn't really like puzzles.  This one didn't hold his attention at about 3 years old.  Your success may vary.  Anyway, it's basically just a cardboard puzzle.
I have mixed feelings about the Singing Machine.On the plus side, it comes in an interesting shape and it's painted in several potentially attractive colors (we got the teal). More meaningfully, the owners have the opportunity to download DRM-free songs, with our without voice and, at least for the half a dozen free songs that came with the player, there was no need to provide credit card information. Still as a positive, the microphone - and the player supports 2 mics - has a cool design and all controls other than the on/off switch are on the microphone. The player supports either downloaded files off a USB drive or CDs.All good so far but here are some of the less impressive features:- TOO MANY WIRES: to get the player to work you need to plug it into a power outlet, plug in the necessarily long microphone and then run another wire (included) from the player into your TV. The whole thing looks... spidery and the wires easily tangle. A better player would come with a battery option, a wireless microphone and, why not, support for Bluetooth.- TERRIBLE DISPLAY: the font that displays the menu and the lyrics are huge and ugly almost to the point of being an eyesore. In addition, when 'viewing' the files on the TV screen the player is unable to see any metadata. It would be not nice but expected to see the song name and the original artist name rather than 'file names', especially since the huge fonts makes it impossible to ever see the complete file name on the screen - they constantly scroll left and right.- DIFFICULT MIC CONTROLS: they are embedded into the mic's body but they are hard to see/feel and they are not always responsive.- VOICE IS NOT LOUD ENOUGH: there may be something wrong with our mic but the singer's voice is barely audible, even when we turned the background music volume to the lowest possible and the voice to the highest.Overall, this is a somewhat usable Karaoke player, maybe for a child but even our little girl used it once, said it was 'OK' but, as far as I know, never came back again to use it even with all the wires left attached to make it easy for her. The ugly screen fonts, the abundance of wires and it supporting only bulky USB drives but not much smaller SD cards are significant demerits. Add the somewhat high price to the above and expect many buyers not to be happy post purchase.
I was expecting a nice, simple, easy-to use Karaoke Player that even my 11-year-old daughter would be able to use but unfortunately this machine is not what we were hoping for.Looks- The Black is a nice option for our living room so it blends right in with our other electronics on the TV stand.  It has a nice shape and look to it.  Unfortunately this is the only category that I would rate it well in.Set Up- The instruction booklet is easy to follow which made set-up fast and easy.  The cords (for both the power and the A/V) were too short in my opinion.  I think they should've been at least double the length.  It would be nice to be able to move the machine to the middle of the room so you can hear yourself a little bit better.  We were stuck leaving this machine on the TV stand.Music Options- It's easy enough to put a CD in.  Unless you have really young kids, the included CD is a joke.  It's like Kidz Bop Nursery Songs or something.  You'd be better to use your own CD's or a CD+G.  Your other option is to use a USB Drive which is what we did.  It's easy to operate but a bit of a pain to get their songs as explained below.Registration, Free Songs & Downloading them- Along with the player you get an insert instructing you on how to register.  The first thing it tells you to do is go to their website and click on Customer Service & then click Online Registration.  Not true.  Clicking on the Customer Service at the very bottom of the screen takes you nowhere.  All you need to do is click on Register Your Product under the Support section at the bottom of the main page.  After registering they'll send you a code to download 5 free songs from their website.  Make sure you pick the Video Version rather than the Audio Version or you won't have the lyrics.  We picked 5 songs and checked out easily enough.  Your next step is to download them to your computer but it may be confusing because they give you 4 links.  You'll need the MP3+G link.  You'll need to download them to your computer then unzip them and then copy them to a USB Flash drive or burn them to a CD.  This was just a little bit time consuming.  Not hard but for some people but I know many that would have a hard time figuring it out.Microphone/Remote Operation- The microphone also acts as the remote.  It's easy enough to switch threw songs and Play/Pause the music but it's pretty slow and delayed.  There is a menu button that allows you to adjust the mic & music volume.  It's also supposed to pull your songs up on the screen but for us it only does that when you first insert the flash drive.  The only way we can get through the songs is to keep skipping through which takes a lot of time depending on how many songs you have.  The microphone is the worst thing about this machine.  We can barely hear ourselves it's so quiet.  We've done everything necessary, adjusting the TV volume, turning the mic volume to the max and even ended up turning the music volume all the way down.  Unless we cup our hand around the top of the mic and sing directly into our cupped hands we can't hear ourselves.  I'm not sure what the problem is.  We have 2 of these machine on 2 different TV's and nothing we do makes it any better.This machine seems like something you'd find 20 years ago other than in the looks department.  It's very primitive.  The whole point of a Karaoke Player is to be able to hear yourself and we can't the way it's supposed to be done.  I'm sorry to say but I wouldn't recommend this product.
Or, I could say not active-little-boy friendly.  The container for these cards does not do well for a 5-yr old trying to put the cards back by himself.  The print and pictures on the cards are very small.  Although it states its aimed at kindergarteners, the prose is pretty advanced and concepts are too abstract for this grade level.  Especially without larger (& perhaps more colorful?) drawings of what the questions are.Very disappointed-- Melissa & Doug usually have great products, but this is a swing and a miss.
I thought this would be like an etch-a-sketch but you have this paper that you scratch off your designs like carbon paper (anybody remember that?).  There are 2 styluses with different types of ends on each for a total of 4 designs.  Then you put it on the screen and get to see the colors.  My 7 year old granddaughter played with it but you only get 4 sheets of paper with it, even though the box says 5 sheets are included.  Amazon does sell more of it but it's disappointing to see you have to buy another product to use this one.  They are pretty when they are done but it's definitely not self-contained.
As many other reviewers here have said, this is a fun toy for a very short time. It is small, so it doesn't take long at all for a child to complete one picture. It comes with only a few pieces of the black paper. So... my two daughters shared the paper and each got less than one hour of enjoyment out of it. Now I will have to either throw it away or purchase replacement paper. It might save me more time and money to just throw it away.
Although the idea of this toy is wonderful; there was definitely some flaws with it.  The biggest one is that it only sends you a few sheets of paper to draw pictures on, and forces you to buy expensive paper specially made for it to continue using it.The colors and what you can do with that paper are beautiful.  But it would have been really good if they had designed it so that you could "erase" your page and then do it over, as opposed to having to buy paper.  Or at the very least include a large stack to go with it.  If your kids go through paper for coloring like no tomorrow (mine do), then stay away from this toy. They will go through it just as quick, and once they scrape off the black it's permanent... not like a pencil where you can erase it. I see lots of waste of paper in store for this toy and it ended up just going into the toy box without much more interest from the kids past the first week.
We have many, many Melissa and Doug products and this is the first that we do not love. It seemed like an obvious choice for my artistic daughter for a road trip, especially since it lights up.First, the light table is ugly. It is red and not styled at all. It looks like a cheap off brand toy, not something made by a boutique toy company once known for its quality.It comes with only 4 light catcher sheets. It is very difficult to use the tools to scratch the black covering off to show the layer underneath. You must hold the tools at an angle so the sharpest corner is applied and you must exert a great deal of pressure. Those two factor combined means that it is difficult for even an adult to accurately control the tool well and get the desired effect. It does comes with two tools which each have two different types of ends for a total of 4 different ends, but in our experience only one end was usable.I'm not sure who they were designing this for. The design of the table looks like it is meant for a 5 year old, but the tools are too difficult even for an artistically inclined adult like myself.If you do ignore my warnings and purchase this, be sure to order a refill pack with it. 4 sheets of paper don't last very long.
Yes, the dollhouse itself is very large, but overall, my daughter and I were unimpressed.  It is very plasticky and mammoth in size--lots and lots of rooms.  It makes some noises and has a super cool secret room under the stairwell.  But it comes with very little--two adult dolls, a child, and a baby and very limited furniture.  The dolls don't sit easily on the couch.  It will cost over $100 to furnish the house.  So if you want to be nickled-and-dimed, then this is the house for you.
A big fan of Ravensburger puzzles and games, I could not believe that when it arrived so much was blocked out on the box cover.There are some puzzle lovers who actually are brilliant enough to put entire puzzles together, no picture, sight unseen.I am not one of them!The puzzle is difficult to say the least and I am not experiencing the sense of accomplishment I usually enjoy.It would behoove this remarkable company to listen to its puzzle solvers.  The Augmented Reality is okay, but not something I would seek out in future selections.
People who enjoy jigsaw puzzles select them by picture content and difficulty, not for gimmicks that have nothing to do with puzzle-solving.  I chose this puzzle primarily because we are planning a trip to Paris in the fall and we are very open to learning about the city and spending time looking forward to our visit.The puzzle is fun to do and is most challenging in the lower section, since many of the buildings are similar.  We finished the upper section fairly quickly, even though it contained a large solid blue section of sky.You can download an app free of charge if you own a recent Apple device (iPad 2, iPhone4) that will allow you to point the camera over a puzzle section.  When the specific puzzle is recognized, a short video with sound is played.  This is all very nice, but for old-fashioned puzzle aficionados, it's unnecessary.  I wouldn't seek out this type of puzzle again merely for the app.
It pains me to write this review. For the price they were asking for this product this should have been better made. I'm grateful it was free because it would have been returned to Amazon for a full refund.First for those of you wanting to order as a gift, be sure that you're home without the person who's receiving it as a gift being around because it ships in the manufacturers box so everyone knows what it is.On the bright pink barbie box it looks gorgeous, something that you may want to live in if you're a Barbie but putting it together was almost a nightmare. There are no well written directions and it took us close to an hour to put it together and that's if all your parts are there and none of them are broken. When we finally did get it put together with batteries installed, none of the electronics worked. And these were brand new Duracell batteries.This in my opinion is just one very expensive piece of plastic junk.
This looked like a cute bracelet maker and my daughters were excited to use it. My girls are too young to do it on their own and so I did all of the work. It is a multistep process that I would have been completely lost on without the DVD (the paper instructions were incredibly confusing to me). The finished bracelets were cute but nothing more than twisted cords. Within hours, the bracelets started falling apart (and I thought I made a pretty good knot in them). I would not recommend this kit.
While the concept behind the Wrist Twists Bracelet Maker is simple, the execution is not so good.  The cording keeps falling off the hooks when we crank.  The makers should have made clasps instead of hooks to hold the cording.  It's frustrating enough that I just took off the cording and twisted with my hands.Even when done, the cording needs to be tied.  It's fat enough that the knot is unsightly and the finished product is not exciting at all.My daughter was not happy with this product.  She couldn't use it at all.  I could make it work but it's not worth the effort.  We both like theFashion Angels Monster High Braidzilla Bracelet Braiding Kitmuch better.
This was a hard kit to use; I tested it out myself and was able to make a bracelet after four tries and some modifications to finishing the twisted silk cords.  The illustrations are ok and hard to follow some times; the simple steps are only illustrations, but I find that some simple steps need text to convey what is needed, for example the act of transferring a twisted cord requires that tension be maintained in order to keep the cord twisted and the illustration does not show it at all.  This kit also requires some practice to use and some children and their parents will get frustrated learning how to use it.  I am taking one star off because of the vague instructions.  Finishing the twists can also be quite tricky and there are no additional instructions about how to keep them from coming undone other than tying which do not always work.  My experience in using a similar tool allowed me to compensate for the lack of instructions.I take another star off for the plastic tool; the hooks could potentially break if there is too much tension in twisting the cords.  The removable hook could also fly off if it is not attached correctly.  I hear squeaking when I turn the crank so I expect it has the potential to break  if turned too much.  Manufacturers should make the tool more durable, unfortunately that may make this kit more expensive.I do like that the silk cords come in a nice variety of colors and mixes and that the cords are of good quality, I have not tested if the color will bleed if exposed to water.  The beads included in the kit for embellishment need to be sanded, some have bead rims that have extra plastic that can poke wrists so I will take off a half star for that.I would like to try different threads with this tool but I am afraid it will break down. I definitely will not use it with children there are some potentially harmful parts to the tool.  It is a two and half star toy.
My daughter (8.5 years old) and I had high expectations of this kit as we love doing crafts and thought this would be a fun project to work on together. Unfortunately, after trying it out, I am in agreement with some of the other negative reviews here. The instructions were a little more complicated than I expected and certainly not very child-friendly, which means adults would have to get involved in order to get a child going on this project. The DVD was OK but I would not say it was very helpful either.I wasn't impressed by the loom and some of the bracelets we were working on came undone easily which saw us resorting to working on them by hand, a tedious process that left me and my daughter feeling like it was all a bit too much work and not much fun. The plus side is that the satin cords are colorful and feel nice but ultimately there are better bracelet making kits out there such as theBraidzilla Bracelet Braiding Kit.
Generally speaking, I love American Girl products.  My grand kids have the dolls, clothes, and accessories, all quality made by American Girl. I cannot say that about this craft kit.  This kit is packaged nicely and easy enough for kids to do by themselves.  Unfortunately when the kids are done with this project, they have decorated flimsy cardboard.  I was thoroughly disappointed in the quality of the cardboard drawers.  They will not hold up for an 8 year old.  The supplies for decorating are nice but I can't get past the drawers.  I think it is basically a good idea as it is hard to find craft projects for children, but this is not sturdy enough and certainly doesn't warrant the $32.99 price tag.  That would mean you are basically paying $32.99 for cardboard and stickers and it is just too high for the quality.  I just cannot recommend it.
OK...this is the 6th American Girl Doll craft I've gotten for my girls and frankly I'm not impressed. I was excited for this project because my daughter wanted a jewelry box. IT'S CARDBOARD. and not just cardboard, but flimsy & manufactured poorly...the drawers are crooked and don't "flow." It really isn't even practical. And the craft lasted about 30 min with my daughters spending more time trying to make the drawers work right. I gave it as many stars as I did because my girls liked it. These American girl crafts are way over priced for what you get. Shame that these crafts are respresentative of the company...I've been an American girl mom since I bought Samantha for my now 22 yr old daughter when she was young.Anyway...in short...at $33...don't buy this.If you can get it for under $10 ...go for it.
I am usually a huge fan of all things American Girl.  My nearly 8 year old loves her doll and all the clothes.  And I have purchased several AG craft products for my wee one in the past, which have been fun and well priced.  But the AMERICAN GIRL CRAFTS CREATE AND CRAFT JEWELRY KEEPER just doesn't measure up to American Girl's normal high standards.When considering the  AMERICAN GIRL CRAFTS CREATE AND CRAFT JEWELRY KEEPER for my extremely crafty and creative child, I thought this looked fun.  And rather than jewelry, my daughter thought she could keep in it all the little doodads that come with American Girl doll outfits:  socks, shoes, bows, headbands, ribbons, etc.  However, the construction of the cardboard keeper is extremely poor and flimsy.  The frame is not too bad, but the drawers are ridiculous.  The are really nothing more than lightweight card stock, and are not at all plumb to the box.  They stick, making the child pull way to hard, and they rip easily.  So once you have decorated your box (and it does look pretty will all the sparkles and details), you have to treat it very gently.  My daughter is afraid to use it, because she does not want to damage it.So now you have a lovely decorated cardboard box that sits in a corner gathering dust.  Definitely not worth the rather exorbitant price, and definitely not up to normal AG high standards.  At this point, we will stick to using shoe boxes as storage.
I don't get any enjoyment criticizing a product. I really had hoped this product would be a fun craft project that would result in a useful organizer for my daughter's play jewelry, hair doodads, and other odds and ends. To be brief, it is poorly made. It is not up to the level of quality that I expect from American Girl. I can't recommend this product. I expect other reviewers will encounter better made versions; I can only report what I received, however.Though the organizer was packed well and shipped properly, the cardboard dividers of the main box were not all true (i.e. 90 degrees and straight). This made it very difficult to slide some of the drawers in and out. The paper wrapping for the main box was also poorly applied such that it was pulling off in a few areas, notably where the drawer tops rubbed the top of the cubby hole (again, making it difficult to use the drawers without repair). The drawers themselves are made of card stock and even for drawers that didn't have to contend with the above problems, they are a tight fit. Thus, the one functional element of the product barely works. It won't be long before all the pushing and pulling leads to ripped drawers.That said, the stickers, gems, and labels are of decent quality and provided about a 1/2 hour of craft fun. If that is all you want out of the product, than this will serve you well. If you expect it to function as a useful jewelry organizer, I don't recommend this product.
This is a fun idea. It was simple to do and makes a passably nice end product. The supplies were sufficient to finish the pillow and it was easy to do.This is not a great offering for a kid who crafts often. There is not much room to personalize this (other than a photo). There isn't a way to really run with the idea and make it their own.But this a fantastic gift. It is pre-assembled and everything you need is included. It would be a great introduction to crafting. It is also a really fun idea for a party where each kid could quickly make a fun takeaway.
This set just made me scratch my head when I opened it.  It comes with very durable, dishwasher safe utensils plus a plate and a bowl.  The salad pieces are also good, sturdy plastic.  The salt, pepper, oil and vinegar are cheap paperboard that you have to figure out how to fold together with no tab A into slot B type instructions.  I folded the things up knowing they wouldn't last.  They were trashed less than 48 hours later.  All it takes is for a kid to step on it.  I don't understand why anyone would offer a toy with such uneven quality.  The kids have gotten bored with the salad now that they don't have seasonings and a second plate would have made this much better, too.  What kid wants to picnic by himself?
Within 2 minutes of  putting together the little cardboard items of the oil, pepper, and salt, it became shreded confetti in the hands of my twin toddlers. I'm not sure why those items were cardboard in the first place, it would make more sense to make them plastic like rest of the stuff. I can't recommend this item to young children since they tore up it so quickly then commenced to eat the paper bits.As for the actualy salad toys, bowl, plate, and sald mixings they did enjoy playing w/ it but they also would have been happy w/ any bowl and utensils already in your pantry, with whatever thrown in their bowl.I would definitely never purchase this project nor would I recommend.
Basically what you get with the "Force" glove is a magnet attached to a fairly cool black glove and a couple of paper/cardboard cutout Star Wars robots stuck into a metal circle. All that aside, the glove probably would have been fairly cool, but the power of the magnet is incredibly weak.Ultimately, what you get is a simple lesson in magnets. Positive and negative energy. The problem is, the magnet is so weak, that you have to literaly put your hand, i.e. the "force" glove almost right on the object to be moved or pulled in order for it to do anything. Not only is the illusion, or selling point of the "force" a large miscalculation, but the weakness of the magnet makes for a really short feeling of fun.A much larger, more powerful magnet is much needed.On a good note, my son really likes wearing the glove when he's playing videogames. The glove is pretty cool (without the magnet).
What Star Wars fan hasn't dreamed of being able to use the force to grab an object that's a short distance away? We were hoping that the Star Wars Science Force Glove would simulate this. It really doesn't. Using a small magnet and a couple of discs (with paper images on top), the glove barely works. You literally have to get within an inch to move any of the small objects and the paper cut outs are so flimsy and so small that there's absolutely no thrill in it. My son was elated to test this out (he is 11) and then quickly threw it off in a corner, disappointed. The toy is a GREAT idea, it just is poorly executed and doesn't really work.
I have to say that most of the reviews of this product here on Amazon are pretty accurate ... this is not an incredible toy nor is it built very well. That said, it provides a unique way to expose young children to the concept of magnetic polarities. There is a magnet inside the palm of the single glove that comes in the kit and a stronger magnetic "disk" that clips into the glove that allows you to use positive or negative polarity (the "push" or "pull" powers of the force) to move a plastic "puck" that has a magnet inside.That's it. You won't be able to make a lightsaber fly across the room and land in your hand or push boxes across the room at your enemies without actually touching them ... but you probably knew that.Bottom line, it's fun for little kids who haven't learned about magnets, but once they get the concept this toy gets old pretty quick.
This is just one of those toys that can't live up to the hype of its marketing.We love playing with magnets at our house, so it's fun in that sense, but Star Wars movies are also very popular.  The product just can't duplicate anything close to the special effects shown in the movies.  For example, the kids have mentioned the "Empire Strikes Back" scene where Luke is hanging upside down in the ice-monster's cave and uses the force to cause his lightsaber to unwedge itself from a snow drift and jump into his hand.  "Can we do something like that?" is the question from the kids.  Not unless you will be happy with things that work on a scale of inches as opposed to feet.It's a great idea.  It's a fun toy, but it over reaches by trying to compete with special effects of such a popular movie.  Aligning itself with Star Wars is probably this product's greatest failure.
I've seen some great Star Wars toys over the past 35 years (yes, I go way back to my 1978 lightsaber), but this glove is somewhat disappointing. The magnets are not very powerful and only work when a metal item is less than a couple of inches from the glove. The two force objects (a light saber and Battle Droids) are cheap paper cutouts and not durable (they are already destroyed in my house after two days of light usage). The glove looks OK, but is very thin and there is no strap to tighten or loosen it if your child's hands don't fit the glove exactly.  Even worse, although there are two paper "force" objects, there is only one magnetic base for both of them (the manufacturer does not provide two, so kids have to keep switching the non durable paper cutouts and keep re-attaching them to the same base).  Overall, this Star Wars offering is not very durable and not made with much quality.
This says 4 and up on the box and the description makes it sound pretty simple.  Just chuck rubber chickens at the coop.  Then you read the instructions.Each player takes 9 randomly colored chickens.Arrange them so you have 3 you are allowed to chuck and 6 in reserve.Push down the coop until it clicks.First player rolls the die, chucks a chicken only if one of his first 3 match the color.Moves a chicken from reserve to the front line and rolls again or passes the die to the player on the left who next has a chicken in his first 3 that matches the color.Continue around the table until the coop pops.Player who has the die takes 3 of the flying chickens to add to his reserve and puts the rest out of play.Push down the coop again and keep going until someone chucks all of his chickens.Here are the problems we had with this game:1) Coop pops up very fast.  We timed a few and got a 15 second average.2) Cheap plastic die bounces around on the table for at least 2 of those seconds every roll.  (The one in the picture looks wooden to me, but the one in the box was hollow black plastic.)3) Kept forgetting to move a chicken from the reserve before rolling the die.4) You cannot actually "chuck" the chickens as they are rubber and will bounce right back off.5) The coop popped up at least 5 times before we even managed to get more than 3 chickens on top.  At that rate, no one will ever run out.6) Chickens regularly fly off into our reserve pile and leave us confused as to how many were on top.We simplified the rules to say you could "chuck" any of your 9 chickens and always passed the die to the left regardless of who had which colors.  Then it was almost a game.  I'm glad we didn't pay for it though.
My infant son loves this - there's enough variety to make it endlessly entertaining.  Certainly it helps distract him so he doesn't fight off the bottle when we're trying to feed him.On the other hand, I'm not a big fan of anything that would require me to take my iPhone out of its case and insert it into a dedicated toy.  That's a pain in the tush, even without the possibility that I might get a phone call while my phone's in the toy.  Although I recently upgraded to an iPhone 5 from my old 3GS, I gave my old phone to my mom.  Since my 3GS was on its last legs, we'll be doing the same when my husband upgrades from his iPhone 4.  And I can't imagine there are that many other people with still functional old iPhones still lying around which they wouldn't want dedicated for other purposes.It probably would have been more expensive for Fisher-Price to make this toy self-sufficient, and updatable via USB cable, but it might have had a wider audience that way.
Umizoomi is a decent enough show for younger kids that involves simple math.  My son is a big fan of cars, so he gets a kick out of UmiCar.  It was a disappointment when we got this.The car uses an infrared remote which works quite well.  It goes forward and back-left, so the child must learn that, to turn the car, he'll need to do a reverse circle to orient the car in the proper direction.  In the center of the remote is a "find me" type button.  It just makes the voice of Bot chime with the same saying every time.When the car moves forward, Bot starts counting to 10.  However, every time the car stops and then moves forward again, Bot starts over from 1.  So, if you don't have a long enough stretch of perfect terrain, you never make it to 10.There is a 5th wheel in the front that makes the car turn when in reverse.  This wheel is also strangely equipped with a spring sensor that prevents the UmiCar from successfully navigating even simple terrain like going from hard wood to carpet.  I suppose it's supposed to get the child to give it a kick, but it just ends up being confusing and annoying.The 3rd flaw is that Mili and Gio can't be removed from the car.  I wanted my son to like the car, but he loses interest very quickly.  I found a school bus that works similarly, but plays music and does ABC.  He likes that better.
We received the "Thomas The Train: TrackMaster Risky Rails Bridge Drop" as a gift, so without having kids at that age, we gave it to our nephew's family, they have a 3 year old and a 1 year old.  They said:"Our 3 year old daughter was delighted.  My husband, who is very handy, immediately started working on setting up the track.  Set up was time consuming.  The instructions were poorly marked, and difficult to follow.  He was surprised at how long it took him to put the track together (about 45 minutes).Thomas zoomed around the train track and our daughter was fascinated.  However, it was rather frustrating to watch Thomas' engine drop off the bridge inconsistently.  Sometimes he landed on the track and sometimes he didn't.  One of us had to be nearby ready to reposition him so he could keep driving.The tracks don't stay together all that well and are cheap.  Something seemed to come apart every time we needed to adjust Thomas' engine back on the track.  It could be that our daughter is just too young to play with this toy on her own.Money would be better spent on a toy(s) with more versatility and durability.  Unfortunately, we can't recommend this to others."There you have it!!  I hope this helps.
Way back in the day I reviewed the Zip Zoom logging setThomas the Train: Zip, Zoom, and Logging AdventureI said that even though it was not perfect, it was not perfect in a good way.  The imperfections created more play value.But this trackmaster set just takes too long to set up.  And then it takes up a lot of space.  After you tear it down you won't want to put it up again.The effect of having the track drop is pretty neat, but, it doesn't seem to hold my son's interest like the zipline in the above linked set.The boulder is on a zip line, but, you have to get the tension just right or it doesn't work.Overall the zip zoom logging set was much better.  The train would stop and cut the wood.  I'm just left feeling cold about this track master set.
My four year old remains a Thomas the Tank Engine fanatic, much like his older brother was. Between sets we've got for the two of them, we could probably run toy train track completely around the house. Because of the poor reviews, Santa did not bring this set, the &#34;Track Master Risky Rails Bridge Drop&#34;, to him for Christmas. However, this set has remained near the top of things he really wants, so as a reward (ok, a belated bribe for good behavior), I swallowed my misgivings and ordered this toy. Below are my impressions:First off, the instructions could be clearer. My wife and son tried to build it but were unable, so they turned it over to me. With three children, I'm a fairly accomplished toy assembler, but this one took me the better part of an hour to build. Next, as many other reviewers have noted, pieces don't fit together well, and a simple &#34;bump&#34; can bring the set crashing down. The most exciting part of the set, the &#34;drop&#34; is extremely tough to get to line up correctly, and even when you do, Thomas is as likely to crash onto his side as make the run. And finally, I was only sporadically able to get the boulder to go into the &#34;basket&#34; on the zip line, as the &#34;hook&#34; holding the basket wasn't able of holding the basket.If you get this toy, be prepared to spend a lot of time putting it back together for you child, again and again. This toy has a great concept, and if it worked even most of the time, it would have been well worth the money. As it is, my boy enjoys it, but I don't. Two stars.
Gymnastics Dora was opened with giggles and glee from my 4 year old daughter, but this was short-lived. The doll is somewhat heavy with a thick plastic body. The Dora doll did not perform at first, she would only lay still and talk. I thought perhaps it was the battery, which I replaced, but to our dismay she still only talked and did not perform or sing. Aside from the routine, I told my daughter perhaps Dora only talked. She outwitted me by pointing to the musical notes on the box and said yes she is supposed to sing. My daughter (and I) became frustrated with it - she handled it differently than I by giving the doll a time out, huffed and walked away. Then out of the blue, after pressing the star button yet again, it began to perform and even sing. I was disappointed with the routine, it was something to watch but not really interact with, the routine became redundant and said "thanks for helping" when she wasn't playing with it at all. It has nearly no learning value, aside from counting leg kicks, with mechanical grinding sounds as she moves with no-volume controlled talking and singing. Only nice thing I can say about it is that it does seem to work on carpet. To sum it up in my daughters words about this doll, "not a big fan," sorry,I wouldn't recommend it either.
My kids are obsessed with Dora.  My oldest has been for like three years, but my youngest has just been bit by the Dora bug and is constantly talking about her.  Fantastic Gymnastics Dora has become her new baby.  She carries her everywhere and considers her to be her child.It's adorable.The problem is that this really isn't an interactive toy and so, because of that little glitch, my daughters playing with it has caused it to not work well.  Yes, Dora doesn't like being handled too much and if she is she gets thrown off her game and fails to perform.  Basically, you need to press her button and then back up.  Now, because of actually being played with, Dora cannot do her routine because she's apparently off track or something.  She doesn't come up far enough and she cannot complete her routine.  Her arms aren't in the right position apparently and there really isn't a way for me to get her to work right.  So now, she is basically my daughter's cuddle buddy (she's thick and bulky and none-to-cuddly but she doesn't mind much).  It's sad because this was a really neat idea but the execution is poor.I mean, why make a toy that really cannot be played with?I can't explain to my two-year-old that she can't touch Dora.  Dora even asks for help, but a two-year-old doesn't really know how to help that well.  Her song is cute and her routine, while it was working right, was nice enough, but she actually doesn't do all that much and she gets rather redundant.  My kids don't want to watch her for more than a minute.  They want to play with her, and this Dora isn't meant to be played with.
The first night my 6 year old opened this it was all she played with.  We got a huge kick out of watching Dora thunk around on the table (and sometimes she hits really hard!) but since then it's been sitting on a shelf.  It's one of those toys that is entertaining for a moment and then not anymore.  The construction is really durable, but as you can imagine, the toy is really stiff and hard plastic so it's not great for holding.  The gymnastics moves are clunky so she hits her head hard (which is pretty entertaining), it's definitely not anything graceful.  It also doesn't super much look like Dora.Having said that, my daughter isn't really a huge doll person so it's possible that other 6 year olds would continue playing with theirs, but even so I would guess that wouldn't be the norm because there's just not a lot that you can do with it.
The Fisher-Price Rescue Heroes Voice Communications Police Car is a fun toy for young boys with a growing imagination who enjoy playtime more than a pacifier, or roughly ages 3-8.I love the realistic small police dog that comes with the car. There are two action figures, a driver and passenger, designed to nicely clip into the front seat. The police dog can fit into the back seat or used on the ground.Unfortunately the action figures must be purchased separately (for $15 each) which is a big disappointment. You can buy the car and two action figures as a package but no discount is offered for doing so,Like any police car the Rescue Heroes VC squad car has lights and siren but it also has 80 seconds of speech that are shared by the driver and passenger who then can "talk to each other." The conversations can be started with a button on the car or on the figures. The car also has motion sensors that will activate certain phrases. The car also has an actionator on the hood that enables the front bars to pop out for use as a battering ram.Because it is a Fisher-Price toy the Rescue Heroes VC car is well-built and durable, designed to last a longtime. It is a fun car to play with but its best features can't be used unless you shell out an extra $30.  Thus, only two stars for this toy.
Every kid is different, so there's no way to be sure that your kid won't like this toy just because my kid didn't like this toy. In this house, it was a ball-holder and little else.However, before you buy this, know that it assembles with screws. You can't make different paths for the balls, you can't build and explore new constructions with your child. You put it together, they play with it as is, end of story. It's big, too big to fit through some doorways, and can't be broken down quickly to be put away, so only get it if you have space for this to be a permanent feature in your home.
I have a daughter who played with this toy.  The cars are pretty neat and spin around in crazy directions once they come off the track.  They can also be played with just as cars to roll around.  The garage is okay too and has some noise things going for it and some things to do.  This is a good toy, but not a great toy.However, on the second day we had this toy without being played with for more than a half-hour total time, one of the cars broke.  This may be abnormal.  Other Fisher-Price toys I have seem to last forever.  This one did not, so it does not get a high star rating like I typically would give a Fisher-Price toy.I received this toy for free with the understanding that I would post a review here on that toy.  I am sorry to say that I just can't recommend this toy because of my experience with it.
While my boys enjoy playing with this (because pushing the handle and revving up a car is fun), it didn't live up to my expectations.  After just 2 hours of play one car won't rev up anymore (it just makes a grinding noise) and part of the main unit is broken (one side won't rev up the working car - something with the gear seems out of whack).You are supposed to be able to rev up both cars simultaneously and launch them.  Sometimes (only sometimes) one or both of them might do a short "stunt" such as twirl a few times on its side before falling back down and shooting off in a random direction.  To force a stunt you can try to pick up a car and put it on its side quickly before the wheels slow down too much.  Each car has about enough power to travel up to 15 feet or so on a hard floor.  (Stick to hard floors - they really don't work well at all on carpet.)The battery is for the electronic sounds.  There is an engine sound (with shifting) that activates when you launch a car (or just push the launch button), but it's delayed a bit so the cars are already well on their way before it starts, and the sound comes from the main unit - while the cars are already several feet away.  I found it rather comical actually.The main unit also has three service hoses - for air, gas, and an air wrench.  There are sounds if you push small red buttons near the gas pump or air wrench.  There isn't anything on the cars to use the hoses on - no opening for gas, for example - but you could pretend.  Finally, there is a power meter bay that doesn't seem to do anything at all except go to a certain point when you put a car on it - and it vibrates a little if the wheels of the car are turning.Unfortunately this toy isn't very durable, and while there are several parts to it, none of the extras really do much of anything and aren't at all impressive.  So my boys basically just push the handle to spin up the wheels and launch the one remaining working car.UPDATE JULY 2013With only occasional use, this toy completely stopped working in less than a year so we threw it out.
When my 3-year-old granddaughter saw this on the Vine selection page, she *really* wanted it, so naturally her wish was my command (yeah, I'm a marshmallow when it comes to her).She was very excited when she first got it, and we took it out of the box. It's big, colorful, sturdy and she thought it was "cool".Unfortunately, after about 10 or 15 minutes she was on to something else. It just really didn't hold her interest. First of all, as others have mentioned, it's got a very limited repertoire. It roars, and speaks a few sentences; it'll rear up on its hind legs, and "walk". Sadly, the "walk" is pretty darned lame. On a hard surface, it barely moves ahead before stopping the action cycle; on a carpet it can't get anywhere at all.The wristband actuator also is pretty unreliable. Sometimes it activates Dyno, sometimes it doesn't.For the 50 bucks that's currently being asked for this toy here on Amazon, I really don't think it's worth the money based on the reaction from my munchkin. Fortunately for me, I got the unit for free through the Vine program in order to review it. If I actually paid my own money for it I'd be really... annoyed, to say the least.
At sixty bucks, this was massively overpriced.....it's currently fifteen, which is quite a bargain. It's a gigantic toy, and my soon-to-be-four-year-old Son enjoyed it, for about 10 minutes, when he received it for Christmas. It quickly fell by the wayside. It wouldn't really walk on any surface, be it carpet, tile, or hardwood, and all of our other Dinosaur Train figures are apparently too outdated to interact with Arnie at all. They interact with each other just fine, but not Arnie. I suspect he'd interact with newer versions of the figures we have, which I find to be very irritating. Not that it mattered....As big and cool-looking as he is, he just didn't do enough to keep my Son engaged.
I wasn't quite sure if I really wanted to give this product a try because I limit the amount of screen time I allow my kids, but I watched some of the videos and was intrigued by what I saw.  It looked like a toy that could potentially be beneficial to my three-year-old son.  I saw some complaints about the cost of the software suites, but I figured I'd try the product and see if I thought it might be a good thing to invest in.  After testing it for the last month, I am not at all impressed with this product and wouldn't recommend it.  In no particular order, here are the main reasons why I think this product is a waste of money.Unacceptable battery life--For the first couple of days, the battery life seemed okay.  It didn't last as long as I might have expected, but I didn't think much of it.  However, over time, the battery has deteriorated to the point that the tablet is almost unusable.  After charging until the indicator shows the battery is at 100%, I'll remove it from the charger and the battery is immediately at only  life.  At most, the tablet lasts for about an hour before the supposedly full battery drains and the tablet has to be recharged.  Charging it and then putting it away for future use is pointless, as the battery drains while the unit sits idle.Lack of parent lock--This is such a no-brainer to me.  When creating a tablet that's expressly for the use of a toddler, doesn't it make sense to include features that allow parents to control things like whether the child can change the names of folders or delete apps?  At this point, I have no idea how much content my son may have deleted.  I also would have liked settings that would allow me to lock the tablet after allowing my son a certain amount of time to play.App not working properly--Monkey and Banana Lite has not worked since the day I received the tablet.  I've tried rebooting the unit (something I've had to do repeatedly) to no avail.  Since the tablet comes pre-loaded with so few apps, this is a big deal.  If Vinci is trying to convince me to spend upwards of $100 on a suite of apps, it seems to me that the sample apps they provide as an enticement ought to work.Quality of apps--The apps that do work properly are interesting.  One that my son particularly likes asks the child to pair a baby animal with its mother.  He has a lot of fun reuniting the families.  The storybooks are also fun and interactive, and he enjoys the music videos, but this is part of the problem.  Oftentimes, when he has the tablet, he does nothing but watch these videos.  While they're fun and entertaining, they're not what I would call educational.  There does seem to be some educational value to the regular apps, though even this is a bit hard to determine as there are so few samples included.  But would I really call this an educational toy?  My answer to that is no.  What I've seen of the Vinci hasn't been enough to convince me that buying the software suite would do anything to further my son's skills and abilities.The only reason I haven't given this product one star is because I don't think the software is entirely without merit.  But is it good enough to negate the terrible quality of the tablet itself, as well as justify the cost of the tablet and the software?  I can certainly think of better ways of spending upward of $500.  I'll stick with low tech things like taking my son to story groups, visiting children's museums, and spending time playing at the park.
The other reviewers have done a great job listing the pro's and con's of this tablet... con's being expensive software, bugs in the software, slow WI-FI speed, and the biggest one of all for me is the price/value ratio.  Now that Kindles etc have come down so much in price, why spend all this money for a toy this limited and specialized?  If you're just looking for something to give a toddler to chew on and keep him/her away from your ipad, this is a good candidate if the price comes down, but really this is an expensive failed experiment.Sorry, can't recommend at this price.
The VINCI Tab II tablet is a piece of hardware that must be used with one or more of the following software/application programs for it to be the learning tablet for which it is intended to be used:VINCI Curriculum Level 1: The CuriousVINCI Curriculum Level 2: The ConfidentVINCI Curriculum Level 3: The CapableThese are the three fundamental developmental phase oriented apps that VINCI offers for use with the tablet and without at least one of these apps the tablet is little more than an expensive toy/basic Android tablet. Therefore you must factor in the cost of whichever app or apps you anticipate using with this tablet when considering whether or not to invest in this system (i.e., the system = the tablet plus apps which must be purchased separately). (The VINCI Tab II comes loaded with some rudimentary apps that hardly seem worth the $90 value stated on the box).Buying the VINCI Tab II plus one or more of the apps necessary to use it for its intended purpose is an investment on top of which one must be willing and able to invest time and energy into seeing that it gets used as intended. For otherwise, it will be like an expensive piece of exercise equipment that one buys with high hopes and the best of intentions but rarely uses.You can get a sense of what actually using the VINCI system as a learning tool entails by visiting the VINCI site. The basic idea behind the VINCI system is that children plus mobile devices with educational apps are a good combination that can really help a child's development. Keep in mind that this can be accomplished with devices and apps other than those marketed and produced by VINCI. The VINCI Tab II is unique in that it is physically designed to be used by children, but I can tell you that my 4 year old granddaughter has been using her parents' iPad regularly for a couple of years now and has never mistreated or dropped it (though her toddler brother managed to chip the screen but is now also learning to use and handle it correctly) and is able to use educational and entertainment apps geared toward her age group skillfully and without adult supervision. (The VINCI Tab II has a parent mode so adults can use it as an Android tablet and iPad has parental controls so children can use it without accessing whatever their parents don't want them to access on it. At their site, VINCI asks, "Why Choose VINCI Over Other Children's Tablets?" and naturally suggests that VINCI is the best possible choice. But of course one doesn't have to only choose between VINCI and other "Children's Tablets" given that tablets designed for use by adults usually have parental controls and many educational apps for children are available for them.)Unless and until one can find Consumer Reports type independent research on the VINCI system (the hardware plus the software), research that has studied actual end-users over time, those who buy it are essentially experimental subjects. And here's something else to consider: If a VINCI system doesn't work out for your child or children, you'll end up with expensive software you cannot use and a very simple, basic Android tablet/piece of hardware designed for use by toddlers and young children, whereas if you instead try a tablet designed for adults in parental mode with age-appropriate educational software and that doesn't work out for your child or children, you will still have a fully-functioning tablet that you can use and you won't have spent nearly as much on apps as you will have spent on apps for the VINCI.
I got the VINCI tab through the Amazon Vine program to review.  The main user of this has been my 5 year old son, but I've been the one doing all of the App installs on it.First of all I'll just do a quick list of pro and cons:Pros:- Red Rubber bumper makes it easy to hold and durable.- Android operation system, so you can put a Google account on here and access Play Store Apps- Very nice big screen- Includes some nice games/apps- You can get free apps, books, and games from Vinci's learning library online- WiFi connection works well and is easy to set up- Very nice looking, just like mom and dad's tablets!Cons:- Runs very slow; this definitely isn't even close to an iPad or Android Tablet speed- Many games don't work on here (for example Angry Birds)- Many apps don't run while in Parent Mode- Short battery life; you can get maybe 2-3 hours out of this.- Difficult to charge; the charger doesn't stay in well and it charges intermittently- Formal curriculum from Vinci is very expensive- Free Vinci apps are mediocre in qualityThe biggest plus to this tablet is that it runs the Android operating system.  This allows you to download numerous education, or just for fun, apps from the Google Play store.  That being said a number of the apps we downloaded from the Google Play store didn't run on this tablet.  So, none of the Angry Birds will work on here but Where's My Water worked fine.The red bumper is a nice feature, this is rubberized so it prevents the tablet from falling off of things and protects it if it is dropped.The formal curriculum from Vinci is very expensive, $100+ for each program.  But Vinci does offer a number of free e-books and apps in their learning library.  I downloaded a number of these apps and found them to be variable in quality.  Some of them were great, for example a Pirate E-book that lets you interact with the story.  Some wouldn't even run.  Additionally many of the apps would not run if you are logged in in parent mode, but ran fine once I excited parent mode.The parent mode allows you full access to the Android platform; it lets you access the internet and install apps.  When out of parent mode you cannot install applications or access the full menu.The other disappointing thing is how slow this runs.  Load times on games/books are incredibly long (up to a minute or more) and things just run slow on here.  It's a far cry from playing games on a smartphone or an adult tablet.  My son was continually getting frustrated with how long he had to wait to start up.The last disappointing thing is the charging.  The battery only last 2-3hrs while playing on the tablet.  It uses a std micro-USB charger.  But for some reason it only charge intermittently.  I left it on the charge all night only to find out that it hadn't charged.  I had to push the charger in just right and prop the tablet up so that it wouldn't wiggle the charger to finally get it to charge.  This is really obnoxious and might be defect in the product I received.Overall it's nice to have a kid designed tablet on the Android platform.  It is a very slow tablet though, many apps don't work on it, and I had difficulty charging it.  I don't think I can recommend buying this based on the cost; that is unless you are really into Vinci's curriculum for some reason.In the end my son doesn't use it much because it is so slow and so many apps don't work on it.  Instead I think he is going to inherit my old Nexus One smartphone.  Yes the screen is smaller on the Nexus One but it's much faster and apps actually work on it.
I picked this tablet up for one simple reason: the grand-kid kept kissing our iPad. We love the use of the iPad to entertain and educate, but were near panicked when we hand it to her. We looked at the kiddie cases, etc. but none we looked at fit the bill. So we thought we'd give this tablet a try.The first thing I noticed when unpacking was the weight - it's about 24 oz.  Next was the lack of paperwork - just a small pamphlet with the basics.  Since I have a Droid phone and Droid tablet, I was familiar with the system. If you're unfamiliar with the Droid, you will feel a little lost using the tablet.Actual use: I entered parental mode by entering a password. But - the bottom row of virtual keys on the keypad are problematical. It often takes four or five presses to register. This makes log-in a PITA. Takes several tries. Once in admin mode you can set up wireless networks, etc.Since the tablet comes with the standard Droid stuff installed - Flash player, Skype, browser, etc. I checked the web - typical Droid experience, works fine. The "Play Store" is not installed and the tablet is designed to make installing non-Vinci apps bothersome.You can't password individual apps - that's a problem. For example, I want the browser available on one of the home screens - otherwise I have to log in every time. The upside - I can browse whenever I want. The downside - the child can also access the web any time.The Vinci apps that come pre-installed are all "lite" versions - basically crippled demo versions. Also pre-installed are four children's books - these offer interactivity, voice over and more. Very well done. The main screen has seven options.Vinci L1, L2, L3, Kids Library, Gallery, Music, Camera.L1-L3 - these buttons run the crippled/lite versions of the software.Kids Library - The app that organizes the Vinci booksGallery - Photo and video viewer - preloaded with 12 "Sing and Dance" videos and 8 "Lulabies" videos. Also has access to the camera.Music - the generic droid player/organizerCamera - the standard Droid photo/video capture appSound quality - terrible. Once you're past 75% volume it's almost unintelligible, and sounds like it's being played through a comb covered in cellophane. You need to play many of the videos, games, etc. near to full volume - but then it sounds like static and noise.Keyboard/screen - too unresponsive. Often takes four or five taps for the keyboard to register anything.One of the pre-installed apps (a demo) won't even run. "Monkey and Banana" level 3 - just displays an error that "This application can only be run on a Vinci Tablet." Tried a couple of times - the time time in a row, it restarted the tablet! Tried again, and it ran. Come on!What I wish this had:Simple on/off button for WiFi or button combination - you have to log in as admin, turn on of off, log lot. Repeat. Stay logged in? Then the child can mess up the OS and settings.Passwording for individual apps - I want easy access to the browser, but not for the child.Passwording for screens - so I can have a screen for "my apps" or "parent apps" that the child can't accessEasier integration with other appsDecent sound - the audio quality is truly terribleExternal speaker jackCovers for the SD card slot and USB port (I can see these getting gunked up pretty fast!) - this is a BIGGIE! A drink spills near the pad and you have a paperweight.Bumpers - should have thicker corners - as is, there's about 1/6" clearance between the screen and surface if it's face-down. This should be at least 1/2" - better spill protection, scratch protection and damage protection.We'll be using this for quite a while, so I'll update this review as time passes. Right now I would not recommend this device. The items in my wishlist should have been included - those are no brainers!Update: After using this for one day I lowered the rating by one star. It's not a supported device in the Android store (Google Play) - this means that you can't download or sync this device from your computer - only the device. The virtual keyboard's lack of response is infuriating! The bottom two rows of keys seem to be programmed so that they overlap. Pressing "v" may get you a V or a space or nothing.  The audio - I finally had to turn the audio off it was so bad. The wireless is  S L O W. I feel like I'm on a 1990's dial-up modem!
My two granddaughters, ages 5 and 7 are huge angry bird fans. When I saw this for review in the Vine program I thought it would be a fun game for them to play.The K'NEX set has 178 pieces with five characters (white bird, red bird, and three pigs). Also included is the golden egg and a launcher.The game was more frustrating than anything. After setting up the scenerios which took a lot of time because the K'Nex pieces would fall apart easily. On one hand you want the pieces to tumble when you shoot the angry bird out of the launcher or sling, but the pieces tumbled down at the slightest bump or jiggle. Finally we took the launcher and made a game out of who could launch the bird the farthest. Then the launcher broke. The girls did like the angry birds and the pigs so they took those and incorporated them in their My Little Pet Shop toys.So, all-in-all, I can't recommend the game and especially can't recommend the game for the younger set. They don't have the patience to deal with the constant rebuilding and especially before you even get the first bird launched!
This is a simple case of a great idea coupled with terrible execution.The great idea: Take the Angry Birds property and turn it into a physical game where the birds destroy Lego-like structures for hours of fun.The Execution: The bricks are not even close to Lego quality, the structure is an unstable mess, and it isn't really that fun to play with.And that's the crux of it - It just isn't fun.  The only upside to the entire set is that the Birds and Pigs are pretty neat and might make fun collectibles.  But I can't even recommend the set as a way to get the birds with extra Lego-compatible pieces as you won't want to mix the cheap K'Nex blocks with your Lego blocks.Summary: Avoid unless you really needs the Birds as collectibles.
This is my first K'NEX set in a long, long time. My kids were looking forward to receiving it, even though none of us has played Angry Birds much.  Out of the box, the set proved challenging even for my son who's very good at building LEGO sets. Many of the pieces either don't fit or fit way too loosely.The other thing is, there is just very little play value in this set.  My kids have reconfigured it several ways, rather creatively, but by the 2nd day they'd lost much interest. Because the pieces of the set fit loosely, a lightest touch makes the whole thing fall apart -- yep, even worse than your typical LEGO set! So we spend most of our play time cleaning up rather than building or playing.The launcher, in particular, is very poorly made. It's almost impossible for a child of any age to use. I'm very disappointed in the low quality aspect of this product.
What a cute idea so poorly executed. My son and husband tried to put this together tonight, and my husband kept repeating, "These [blocks] are horrible! They don't stay together!" over and over (he was calling them another brand name, so I removed that...the other brand is WAY better than these K'Nex. I think the only saving grace about this set is the pigs,  bird, and golden egg. They are cute. But all Angry Bird figures are cute. I told my son to just bring them into the bath with him and play with them in there.My husband abandoned my son after a bit, and my son began to exclaim his frustration about the pieces not staying together. He finally got the slingshot to work good enough to knock down some pigs, said a half-hearted "yaaaay" about it, and then played with something else.Such a cute idea! Why didn't someone put more thought into the execution?I would not recommend this set or any other Angry Bird sets. I'm sure they are just as bad. I'm surprised at the quality because I thought K'Nex was known for quality product, but since this is our first experience with them, I think I'll stick with that other brand that works much, much better.
Our entire family (mom, dad, three young kids) are Angry Birds fans, so I thought we could have a lot of fun with this game. The kids already play a kind of "live action" Angry Birds using the plush toys. Well, we should have stuck with that. This game is rather shoddily made, so it's hard to get it to work right and stay together in the first place. There aren't very many game pieces, so there's a very limited amount that you can do with them. And the price is kind of outrageous. (I received mine free as a sample in exchange for my honest review.) I wish they would go back to the drawing board and try again with this one, the concept is excellent.
We own the Angry Birds: Knock on Wood Game by Mattel, so when we saw this kit from K'nex, we thought we'd have just as much fun. However, we were wrong.This set is very difficult to put together. Like most K'nex kits, the pieces are very small. Some of these pieces you're instructed not to connect to the 'pegs' but rather sit loose, so they can be knocked over. This makes it very hard to build the structure. Although the launcher is very easy to put together, it's very difficult to squeeze and shoot the birds.Since this kit is so hard to put together, I'm dumbfounded by the fact that someone would want to build it and knock it down. My 7-year old was disappointed and opted for a puzzle instead.If you're looking for something similar that's much easier to build and have fun with, I'd highly recommend the Knock on Wood Game by Mattel instead.
My son is pretty Angry Birds-crazy, so he has absolutely had fun with this set. However, a few things keep this from being a highly-recommendable item:1. As much as the digital Angry Birds game claims "Real-World Physics," Real-World Physics and K'Nex construction pieces do not always go together. So, do not expect the same collapsing fun that you see on the screen. If you click the pieces together too well, nothing falls.2. K'Nex pieces, in general, either fit too snugly or not enough. It depends on the piece, but some of these went together and said "I'll never let go!" while others were like oil and water: we'll sit by each other, but never be together. If that helped the construction to fly to pieces with bird impact or was consistent, I'd say it was a design feature. Doesn't seem to be. Feels more like construction variances.3. Price: I won't give the exact price in the review, because it fluctuates, but take a hard look at it. Of all the building toys out there, do you want to spend that much for something that is really just locked in as an Angry Birds promo item?In all, it's fun and if you're an Angry Birds addict, you might like it. I'm just not impressed with it.Star breakdown:4 stars of fun: since the end-goal is destruction and destruction is fun when contained to things that ought to be destroyed, it's quite fun.2 stars of educational value: not much to learn here that you can't learn from other things, but practice in artillery is a little educational. Force=mass*acceleration, right? Or "Light bird flung hard hits hard, but not as hard as golf ball flung hard."3 stars of durability: you're building and tearing up. If this was made of titanium, it would be durable, but I expect no more than a year out of most of it, and less from the slingshot.
The quality of the toy is good, the colors and design but for a 7 years old is difficult to understand the instructions to assembly this 176 pieces toy, soon he forgot a bought the toy and the pieces now are lost somewhere in his bedroom never ask for this toy again.
As indicated, this game is not for children under 3, and recommended for children 5 and older. My daughter is about 3 and a half.When I first opened the box I felt a sense of dread. I asked myself, why did I order this? They weren't kidding when they said not for children under 3; there's more tiny pieces than I wished to count (see bag image I uploaded in the photo section). In other words, setting this up was a chore. And one I found wasn't really worth the time.My wife, daughter, and I put most everything together--OK, so my daughter didn't really help, she was more of a distraction than anything. From the ramp to the vehicles, we got most everything set up. There are three pigs and two birds. The slingshot doesn't, well, slingshot. Instead, you put the bird between the two plastic clips and squeeze them as tight as you can--something my daughter wasn't strong enough to do (granted, she isn't the recommended age).The lego-like blocks do not hold together very well. Where this makes it easier for them to fall apart upon impact, it also makes getting them to stay in place a big pain. In the end, my daughter had more fun playing with the birds and pigs as if they were toys that came out of a Happy Meal.Overall, this is really nothing more than a novelty for Angry Birds fans. Your money is better spent elsewhere.
I got the K'NEX ANGRY BIRDS HAMMIN' AROUND SET for a 7 year old boy who is just crazy about Angry Birds.  Absolutely loves them.  It seemed a perfect match.  And, I think, he did have fun with it, to a certain extent.  But the amount of adult assistance needed to make this toy work at all, let alone properly, makes it not worth the frustration and inconvenience.1.  The pieces do not fit together well at all.  Some are too tight, some are too loose, but it makes setting up the structure overly complicated and tedious.  And a child cannot do it by himself.2.  The instructions are dreadful.  So again, the child needs adult help.  There are 175+ pieces to this toy and about 5 lines of instructions.  I have a masters degree in physics, and even I had a hard time putting this together, let alone a child.3.  Pretty pricy toy for a bunch of plastic.The best part of the K'NEX ANGRY BIRDS HAMMIN' AROUND SET is the little sling shot that the kid used to fling the birds around the room.  Perhaps that is all the toy needed to be.  As it is, the K'NEX ANGRY BIRDS HAMMIN' AROUND SET is complicated, flimsy, and down-right frustrating.  Something only an Angry Birds mega-fan would enjoy.
The concept behind this toy is so great, it's a pity the execution was so shoddy and stingy. For a list price of thirtyish bucks, you expect more than the pitiful handful of pieces in this box, and you expect it to work well enough that kids can actually play with it without extreme frustration. So imagine my dismay when my Angry Birds loving 6 year old was frustrated to the point of tears in only ten minutes of playtime with this set. I don't blame her. It is hard to make the pieces stay or work the way they should. Really too bad this isn't a more generous, functional game.
I have to be fair and say I've never put any KNEX toys, so trying to construct this was difficult for me, and the five year old that received it was way too young to do it on his own.  So, after my husband put it together, we gave it a try....pieces everywhere, and they are small.  And then you do it again.  My grandson liked the figures, and he is quite a whiz with the app game.  But he didn't have the patience for the amount of time it takes to put everything in order each time you shoot your bird.  So the bottom line is that possibly a much older child would like this, but it was not a hit with a five year old, or his grandparents.
My family loves Angry Birds so we sat down together and put this k'nex set together, I have a young child that did not help with the construction since the pieces are not stable on the table and little bumps and knock things over. My older son hardly had the skill or patience to put it together so my husband and I ended up taking turns putting it together.The fun is in breaking everything apart, but it is a major pain to get back together once things are broken. If you plan on putting it back together exactly as it is meant to be that means tracking down all the small pieces that have flown everywhere and looking at the photo/instructions to remember how to get it back together. I was involved in three rounds of put it together then break it apart before I told the kids to go outside, threw the pieces in the box, and stashed it in the hall closet hoping they forget about it.Definitely for older kids or just to be glued together as decor for a shelf. I would NOT recommend this for anyone to buy for their kids.
This crazy thing is so impossible to put together. It took my husband and my daughter FOREVER to put it together. Once they finally figured it out and got all put together, it fell apart immediately. Then you have to put it all back together again? Forget it!it gets two stars instead of just one because the slingshot portion is somewhat fun to do on it's own and the little birds and pigs are actually pretty cute. Otherwise, it's overpriced, hard to put together and shoddily made. Stay away.
In a nutshell this is Angry birds meets LEGO meet KNEX-While it looks cool this ended up being very frustrating for my 5 year old son to play and for me to put together.He was crying within 5 minutes of playing BOTH time he sat to play.  He was not able to fix his issue himself easily and was begging for help.Knex tried to make this so it is easy to fall apart when you play, unfortunately the blocks themselves are NOT easy to assemble.  The connections between bricks are too flimsy.WE have done MANY Lego Sets and not had individual pieces even pop apart this easy.  Nor has my son been upset with playing with them.On the plus side The birds and pigs are very well made and cute!  I also think how the the "slingshot" works to shoot the birds is a great idea. unfortunately as a whole the set is not appealing.  You can buy board games of angry birds that you build and knock down that is just the same fun factor without the frustration.
This seemed like a good toy when we first got it out.  Little vehicles that you push around between the buildings with sound effects.  The buildings don't really stay in place and they have stickers on them that the kids have already started peeling off. The kids liked the idea of the missions.  Each vehicle has a home base of sorts where you can push a button and be told where the vehicle needs to go.  However, there seems to be only one mission for each vehicle.  The police car, for example, is told of a robbery at the mall every time.  That gets old quickly.  Fewer random noises and more targeted interactions might have made this much better.  It's also way too small to share.  Kids hands easily get in the way of other kids hands.
The idea of this toy is interesting but the execution is weak.  Basically, you get two vehicles for each "map" to play with.  When you move one of this cars around the map, it activates sound effects.  I think you're supposed to follow the verbal instructions to do certain tasks (like put a fire out with the fire truck) but in practice, the most interactive thing we were able to do was order a coffee and donuts and then go to the drive thru to pick it up.  The pieces are small and lost easily.  Bonus points for supplying batteries but a minus for one set of batteries being corrupted right out of the box.
The Sonix City Rescue and Construction sets combined are a little smaller than a Monopoly game board. One half (the Rescue set) is a plastic, interactive "city" scene and the other plastic base has a construction theme. The two can be connected at any side with detachable plastic peg brackets. The rescue section is clearly the better of the two, with one place of interest being an interactive drive-through donut shop (it lets you order up to three cups of coffee and three donuts).The other Rescue set play feature that was initially exciting is the fact that it has a mini police station and fire station with a police car and firetruck (both are the same size of my THUMB, so the scale is really off here, even in its own mini world). There's a mall that either gets robbed or is on fire (depending on what you hear at the respective departments).Each vehicle has a sensor, enabling the sets to play a few different sounds based on the vehicle used (most of the sounds are generic car noises though). However, my daughter figured out that she can "fool" the playset by just pressing her finger along the streets. You hear the same noises, except the rescue playset identifies a finger as being a police car instead of a fire truck (I haven't heard it make the fire truck noises when a finger is being applied). Unfortunately, it also misidentifies the dump truck from the construction site as being a police car, while the loader is mistaken to be a fire truck.My daughter enjoyed the two missions at the mall, but is disappointed that there were not more missions to other places. You are either called to the mall re. a burglary or a fire. Apparently, no other buildings have trouble to speak of, including the bank (even though the bank sticker reveals a vault that has been broken into). The police car and fire truck are never sent on emergency calls to anywhere except the mall.The Sonix City Construction site yields even less play value...One can navigate a dump truck, loader and wrecking ball (wrecking ball is stationary but rotates) to haul/move/smash invisible items. You only hear sounds and see glossy photos of debris on the plastic ground. You could possibly add some building block bricks (not provided) for better effect.When it comes to the noises of this set, you are able to: press a button to hear a portable toilet flushing, some farting, a toilet paper inquiry and the comment: "whoa, it stinks in here." There are some sounds of construction for ambience, a phone ringing, motor sounds, and a man telling you to go to the dump, along with the phrases: "hard hats required,""construction vehicles only," etc.The missions for this set are vague and confusing. Even my teenaged son couldn't understand exactly what he was expected to do. Imagine NOT constructing or knocking/tearing anything down, just pretending with air and sounds. Needless to say, the kids didn't like the Construction set at all.Both Rescue and Construction are standalone sets, with not much point being conjoined since the sets don't recognize the other vehicles as coming from one another.I don't recommend multiple kids playing on one set. The sounds become confusing and these sets are way too small to share-a guaranteed argument between the kids.This could have been a very good playset and worth the money if they expanded and increased the number and types of activities within each theme, enlarging the vehicles and buildings to make this age-appropriate for younger children, who would certainly be more entertained by these sounds.
The minute this came in the mail our 9 year old grabbed it from my hands and opened it.  It took only a few minutes for me to calm her down so I could read the simple instructions.  Eagerly, she carried out all the steps and then found out she would have to wait till the next morning to see the final results.  That was discouraging to her, but understandable with the Color Bloomz.  It is a remarkable display!  And, I am certain that we will complete the other project (there are two projects included in the Mega Pack).  We did have fun!Now, though, there is nothing else to do with the completed Bloomz.  They are not something you will want as a centerpiece, and they are fragile to the touch.  If this were a $10 item, it would be well worth the cost.  But, at the $30 level, it is too expensive.  You get, perhaps, an hour of fun creating things, a few minutes enjoyment viewing what you made, and then Nothing :-(.  There are too many toys and crafts in the Color Bloomz price category to make this a recommended item.
This was a fun, one time activity to share with your child. Everything is included - in fact you should only use the markers included. The packaging is a bit over done, but it was easy to assemble if delicate. This is not a toy for the rough and tumble crowd. Two options included - we tried the jungle. Growth really got going hours later - so set it and forget it. Once done, there isn't anything else to do with this product. More than likely it will find its way into the trash after a few days.
Out of the box, the Color Bloomz Mega Pack includes enough product to complete three different scenes. The jungle scene and underwater scene come with cut-out figures, and there are blank white figures for a third scene that you can create entirely on your own. But right off the bat, we realized we could only do one scene at a time, and would have to discard it before we could do another scene because there is only one base, and it is necessary to use it in order to get the figures to stand and to add the blooming liquid.I have to say that my 6-year-old and I were both pleased and frustrated as we started our first scene--the underwater display. First, you actually need to read the directions. They're not difficult to understand when you use the text and the pictures, but I'd say they're not very intuitive, either. And, while the directions say you can set up the scene anyway you'd like, the height of some of the pieces pretty much determines where they have to be placed in order to be viewed.The pack comes with several sheets of colored shapes/figures that are fully colored and need to be punched out, as well as thick plain white shapes that you use the provided markers to color. My 6-year-old and I probably spent a good half hour on these punchouts. They were frustrating to her because she couldn't easily handle them. In the end, I had to remove most of the punchouts because there were tiny little circles that she found difficult to manipulate. After we got the punchouts done, we started the coloring.The directions tell you to make sure to color both sides as well as the edges of the pieces. This was very time consuming, but fun. The directions made a point to suggest using different color combinations, so my daughter came up with different designs for the pieces--polka dots, strips, etc. On nearly every piece, we used at least two colors and were excited to see how these would bloom. After the coloring, we set up the pieces we had colored then used the basic pre-colored pieces to build up the design.After just about 20 or 30 minutes, we could see the blooming start. It was actually really cool. We could see where the solution we'd poured in was moving up from the base of the platform (where we'd poured the provided solution into pre-designed cups) to the out extremities of the pieces. While I don't think my daughter noticed it right off the bat, I, unfortunately, could see that as the solution spread upward, it also blended the marker inks. So, despite the variety of colors we'd used, nearly every piece ended up being dark blue or green. The one exception was a piece that we had outlined in red and filled in with yellow--it became orange. By the time the piece had finished blooming overnight, it looked like we had only used two markers!Still, it does look cool--at first. But, when we tried turning the piece to look at it from different angles, the "blooms" that the manufacturer calls "crystals" started falling off from just the slightest jostling (we didn't touch the blooms, just the platform base). This gave us a rather disappointing ending considering that we'd put a couple of hours into the design.At the listed price of $30+, I just can't see investing money into any other packs when there's nothing that we will be able to keep from it. If there had been a science aspect to it, at least we would have had a science lesson, but as it is, the only thing we learned was that when we do the next two scenes, we shouldn't bother blending colors. In the end, my daughter and I enjoyed our time together, but it could have been better spent on a project that will last.
My 10 year old artist really loved this set and spent more than an hour w it. She had to color and set up the scene and then wait. She did it while at Grandma's and completed it all by herself. There are pieces you have to color and put together and set them up in this frame.  She needed help putting the frame together. Then you have to pour this liquid into these wells and wait for your design to bloom. Ours never bloomed. It was disappointing. I gave it 2 stars because it kept her busy for a while and it still looks beautiful w/o the blooming. Very creative. It has 2 different scenes and plenty of liquid (which come in pre filled pouches), so you can create more than one but you will have to take the first one apart before making a new one as there is only 1 frame. I will update when we try again and re-rate accordingly but it will take a while before my daughter is interested enough to try again.
I was very disappointed to open this toy and discover that the pieces needed to make the crash zone were missing. We can still shoot the cars up the ramp and subsequent loop, but that part isn't quite safe. The loop is flimsy and shakes like crazy every time a car travels through it and eventually the cars cannot stay on the track, often right at the loop's highest point and while the car's speed is still very high. I've been hit in the face with a car flying off the track more than once and those buggers aren't going slow. My son thinks its hilarious when the cars go flying off, but I just can't quite enjoy it since they've already drilled me in the face a couple times. I must be getting old...
I'd read other reviews of this toy and wondered if the negative was worth it. It was.I spent all morning trying to make this toy consistently work the way it's supposed to with almost no luck.I was never able to figure out a method for pull back and release from the initial starting point that didn't either result in the car flipping over or never quite making it through the loops.Running the cars directly through the speed booster yielded some better outputs, but these were very inconsistent and ranged from the cars launching off the track altogether (the most common issue), falling halfway through the loops and (1 in 10 maybe) finishing the course back to the speed booster. If the car actually completely the loop and went through the booster again, the residual movement of the track from the first go around would usually guarantee there would be no second go around.Finally, I found the blue car (Frazer?) worked correctly more often than the red an black car (PCH?).Overall, skip this toy unless your child is obsessed with uncontrollable failure and success.
My test kidlets are aged 4 and 7, so one is below the recommended age for this product though he is the one who loves it the most.  I kept hearing, "This is sooo cool!" from him as he played with it.The race set is easy to put together, the parts are numbered and they correspond to the printed images in the instruction sheet.  The toy requires two "D" size batteries to power the unit that speeds up the cars.  There's a sheet of decals that you have to affix yourself.  The toy comes with two mini (and I mean mini) cars; I can see them easily getting lost.  Similar-sized cars from another manufacturer didn't work well with the accelerator. The track pieces remained attached to one another despite use and movement of the entire track system.  The speed of the accelerator will not hurt fingers if they are accidentally stuck inside the device.In theory, you're supposed to pull-back on the car at the start of the track and it is supposed to go forward through a triple-loop and then through the accelerator which shoots up the twisting track.  Neither I nor the kids was able to run a car through from the start because the wind-up action ran out in the triple loop and so the car would either stop or fall off the loop before it even reached the accelerator.  The little guy was happy to just shove a car through the accelerator - which would then shoot upward and off the track; he got a kick out of the chaos of it and was happy to keep chasing the cars down as they flew around the room.  He didn't realize that the toy wasn't actually doing what it was supposed to.As an adult, I wouldn't recommend this toy.  While the idea of it is fine, it just doesn't operate as it is supposed to.  We never got a car to run the entire length of the track - much less having two cars running at the same time.  The cars would have been better designed if the push-back wind-up action was released by a push of a button on the top of the car, which would allow for positioning of the car before its release.  As it stands now, if you accidentally lift the car off the track (and those little cars tend to stick to the fingers) the wind-up action is discharged and you have to do that over again.  Having the car shoot off the top of the track, while fun for the kidlet, would be potentially dangerous if there were younger children present whose reflexes were slower.  I think this toy might be frustrating for older children if they have similar difficulty operating it.
The Nano Speed-Super Vert Crash Set is not as much fun as I thought it would be. This is a toy for older children. It is kind of hard to get the thing going.Once you do get it going there is a lot of speed.
The Nano Speed - Super Vert Crash Set is a fun for a while. The tiny cars, micro machine style cars, zip around the track very quickly and fly off just as fast. The crashes are the only thing that keeps the track entertaining for more than 5 minutes.The assembly of the Super Vert Crash Set is straight forward, but far from simple. Each piece of the track has a number that must be snapped to another piece. Assembly of the track took 20 - 30 mins (a long time for snapping plastic tracks together). Unfortunately the set doesn't come with the required D batteries.  So it took a trip to the store to get D batteries, all we ever have the house runs off AA or AAA. After installing the batteries my son and I played with the Crash Set for a half hour to an hour. He has wanted to play with the track on and off since the first time but the The Nano Speed - Super Vert Crash Set never really holds his attention for very long.
I was very disappointed in the Nano Speed - Super Vert Crash Set. My toy testers were 5 and 7 years old. Adult assembly of the track is required, but that is easy enough. The cars were great fun on their own. I was immediately disappointed that I had to run out for batteries, but that part wasn't as bad as the disappointment I felt when we actually tried to use the set with batteries. Very difficult to get the cars going, but once you get the hang of it, you can do it.  The kids had fun watching the cars fly off the track and crash.  Overall use of this toy has been about an hour tops. I definitely do not see the value at all.
As excited as my son was when the Air Hogs Battle Tracker arrived (it looked so impressive!), his enthusiasm soon turned to disappointment and frustration.  It took forever to get the items out of the box because of how they were packaged.  Next, it required 10 AA batteries, which luckily we had on hand.  Then the helicopter had to be charged.  (This is to be expected, but difficult for an impatient boy.)  When everything was finally ready, the actual flying and shooting were thoroughly disappointing.  The helicopter was extremely difficult to maneuver; it would not fly where he want it to go.  (Not even my husband, who is an experienced R/C helicopter pilot, was able to get the helicopter to cooperate.)  To add to the frustration, when trying to shoot, the foam discs often got stuck inside the helicopter.  When trying to hit the helicopter with the foam darts, the darts missed time after time.  Lastly, the toy was very noisy, which did not seem to bother my son so much, but annoyed the rest of the family.  The toy was a neat idea, but it just doesn't deliver.  Very disappointing.  Would not recommend.
I have a 7 year old boy and a 5 year old boy, so when I saw this, I thought they'd like it. The pieces were very easy to put together and the directions were easy to follow. It comes with packages of powder that you have to mix with water and place them in the different sections to "mix" them, then you're able to eat your creations.The best part of this was seeing the intestines jiggle in the purple section. Is it gross? Yes--but boys will love it. I have to admit, the other sections weren't as fun and it's recommended that you freeze those sections. Kind of difficult to take those pieces off and put in the freezer. My kids and I did not like the taste of the stuff at all and after doing this once, I don't find a lot of repeat value in it. Overall, I probably wouldn't recommend.
Ok, i know this is SUPPOSED to be gross but my son could not stand it. The candy mix used to create the alien parts was a gross consistency and the taste was not appealing. My son tried making a few things and then figured out he didn't like it at all so i wound up cleaning up a lot of sticky, gummy mess. It does come with plenty of mix to get you started but you will eventually need to buy refills. My son is using it to play with and pretend to do alien autopsy but he doesn't want to use the candy mixes. He took out the batteries to use in another toy.
My 2 girls like scary toys and Goosebumps books, so I thought they would enjoy this. Putting it together is quite a project, and they suggest you cool it in the fridge beforehand. We tried out the gummy lungs and "guts" mix - while they worked, the girls did not like the taste of any of it (I actually liked the flavors better than they did!) and weren't interested in making any more. There's not really anything else you can do with it as a toy, so...off to the dump it goes after the required 6 months or whatever.I've seen this toy drastically discounted. As a one-use item, maybe it will be entertaining for a Halloween party or similar event.
It's a fun idea but the execution is lacking.  As most of the other reviewers have noted you spend a lot of time setting it up, cranking away, and you get... some icy soda that isn't anything like a Slurpee.  Maybe there is some amazing technique I'm missing, but I'm not going to learn it.  I just can't recommend this to anyone.  It doesn't help that the buid quality is low, but on that front I wasn't expecting much.  I was hoping it would at least make a decent Slurpee.  All that being said, my kids liked the end product, because they've never had a real Slurpee.  So for them there was some fun to this.  For me?  Not so much.
I wish I could rate this higher because I love Slurpee brand. The plastic this product is made from is so cheap, it breaks easily and since it's for kids - described as a "toy" it should be more durable. They made it completely disassemble, which is great for cleaning, but makes it a mess to wash, dry, and store, besides the fact that when you are moving it or trying to use it it keeps falling apart. You must have salt to make the contraption work and kids get tired of turning the pump to make it work. The energy they put into it is not worth what they get out of it- which is a tiny cup of Slurpee. Not a fun toy for the whole family. Not a fun toy for mom who has to clean it. And not worth the cost. Sorry to say it did not live up to expectations. Cheaper and less hassle to pile in the car or walk to the nearest 7-11 and let them "make" their own Slurpee creations there.
We picked this up because it seemed like a fun thing to do with the kids (ages 4 and 5). Unfortunately, this cheaply constructed plastic slurpee maker from Umagine was a bit difficult to assemble, hard to use, messy, and yielded zero return.The slush is generated when a flavored drink comes into direct contact with a metal cooling canister containing ice and salt.  Ignore the directions, however, and add something healthy to drink such as apple juice for the kids (the target audience).  The suggestions on the box include soda and high-sugar fruit drinks - just like the junk you can buy at a convenience store like 7-11.The drink is then agitated until slush is formed.  The mixing takes about five minutes or so and requires you to really crank it - otherwise you will be mixing for a while.  Because the maker is flimsy and lightweight, there is the risk that it will topple over and spill its contents if you are not careful.  I got a little carried away and the handle slipped out of its fitting a few times.Once the mixing is complete, the slush is dispensed by pulling a sliding plastic "door" located at the bottom of the mixing container.  I found that the sliding door was so hard to pull out that I just ended up dumping the contents out of the top of the container into the plastic serving cups.  It was that or risk spilling everything all over the place.All in all this is an expensive and shoddily constructed slurpee maker.  It was difficult to assemble, very difficult to use, and did not yield as much fun as we would have liked.  I was, however, able to illustrate some basic scientific principles to the kids (the effects of cooling on liquids).  That was worth at least a two-star rating.
When I was a kid, I was jealous of some of my friends who had this toy that was basically a Slurpee/Icee maker. It was nothing like this toy...I think it was a white house with Snoopy on it, and it made red Slurpees? Whatever. The point is that, although that 1980's Slurpee toy seemed cool in principle, the reality was that it made really sorry excuses for Slurpees. You'd think that, 30 years later, technology would have improved slightly, even in the Slurpee toy department. Well, you thought wrong. This new and "improved" Slurpee maker is just as bad as the old one, or maybe even worse. It takes a lot of time and effort to create Slurpees so small they wouldn't even satisfy your childrens' Barbie dolls...and what fun is that?! I admit that the Slurpees taste pretty good, but still, for the price, I certainly expected more.
This toy is heavy, unwieldy; you, the parent, have to go out and buy 4 "D" batteries, if you don't have them at home, install them in the base, then install "AAA" batteries into the wand.  Start the toy, and it makes an incredibly loud whirring sound that gave me such a headache, I made my kids turn it off.  I mean, I get it, it's sort of like a digital Lite-Brite.  The problem is, there are infinitely more elegant drawing programs on, for instance, mommy's phone. And they glow, too.  It could be that you just can't improve on the crayon!  We can't get enough of Crayola crayons, and we buy them in every color, in every special theme pack you can imagine.  But we have been disappointd lately in everything from the Crayola glow-in-the-dark drawing sets to the colored bubbles, which, though pretty, left stained-glass splotches on the flagstone that lasted through one winter's rain. I'm done--I'm sticking to the crayon from now on!
[I've been unable to post the short video clip. I'll try again later. UPDATE: still can't get Amazon to show the video... so frustrated!]The attached video compares InnoTab 2 with its predecessor. You can see that InnoTab 2 is smaller than the original Innotab; it's also actually slightly lighter, tipping the scale at 17.7 oz. vs. the original's 19.8 oz. Somehow it feels bulkier, though. The screen size is actually the same, but you can probably discern that the older screen is brighter and has better contrast... and appears to be of higher-resolution even though that's not the case in tech specs! The video, patiently taken by my husband, also shows that InnoTab 2 starts much slower than the first version. It takes 25 seconds to go past the startup splash screen, vs. 15 seconds for the older version.We own two of the original InnoTabs; my kids and their friends have had much fun playing with the five cartridges I bought them as well as half a dozen apps I downloaded. Each InnoTab purchase gives you two free downloads (games or ebooks), and you can transfer all your downloads to any InnoTab you own, the original or the newer version.  So we were looking forward to using the newer generation.{[UPDATE: Finally my hubby figured out that the button battery used for clock-keeping was not seated properly. We fixed the clock problem described below by attaching Scotch tape to the button battery, which is the only power source for the clock and date settings! But now startup takes 30 seconds, twice as long as the original InnoTab!]Unfortunately, at this point I must give InnoTab 2 just one star.  The biggest reason is simply that it seems to be unable to remember the date and time settings each time it's turned off!!!  The video actually also shows that: when it's turned back on (not for the first time), after the 25-second splash screen, it asks for the date and time again! It always resets to 12:00 am, January 1, 2012, each time it's turned back on.  This is just so absolutely stupid!!!  Even my little baby says "this sucks!"  Plus, it also starts up with a loud sound each time, regardless of the actual volume setting, which is extremely annoying!I was hoping connecting to my PC running the VTech connection software would solve the memory loss problem, but it didn't.  Interestingly, the bottom of page 6 of the included printed manual seems to imply that each time you turn InnoTab 2 on, you have to set the time and date.  What kind of moron came up with such a brilliant idea???}Even though this is a second-gen version, it feels slower than the original, not just at the startup screen but overall.  It has more built-in memory, 2GB vs. the original's meager 64MB, but everything just seems slower, from launching apps to running apps.  As mentioned before, the screen is also slightly darker and less contrasty than before, even at the highest brightness setting!Whether on its own or compared against the original InnoTab, InnoTab 2 is a disappointment.  You are well advised to check out the competitors, such as the LeapPad 2, but I've had nothing but sheer misery trying to use LeapFrog's connection software, so I myself do not wish to ever buy another LeapFrog electronic product again! As for real tablets, they're too expensive, too fragile for kids, and really don't have the kind of educational games VTech and LeapFrog produces, so there's simply no single product on the market today that makes a suitable kids' tablet.
My daughter loves toys that sing and involve sliding so I was excited to try this thing out. The first thing I noticed is how flimsy and cheap the plastic is. It's not what I expected considering the price point. Other Fisher Price toys have better quality plastic in the same range. That was disappointing, as was the construction of the toy overall. It is very easy to put together, however some of the parts move apart whenever I pick it up to move it. In addition, the yellow doors sometimes get stuck so that Molly can't slide through. When she is able to slide down, most of the time she is rolling off of the ramp at the curve! When she couldn't make it down to the stage a handful of times, my daughter lost interest and just started hitting the stage herself to make it talk.The most irritating thing is that the only people in the "band" that are included are Molly and a rock and roll lobster. Molly can slide thanks to a metal rolling ball under her flipper. The lobster does nothing but stand there with instruments. In order for this toy to possibly be any fun, you'll have to buy all of the other guppies separately! As for the stickers, I'm guessing that they were supposed to be fun to apply, but I don't understand why they couldn't have put them on. It doesn't add anything to the experience. If your LO likes playing with stickers then that aspect might be fun. On the plus side, the stage is sensitive to touch and the sound is good. I feel that at this price point, more should be included and the quality should be better. Molly shouldn't keep taking a nosedive on her way to the stage.Edit 4/27/13: The price on this toy went down not long after I wrote this review, but I still don't think the product is worth it.
We are a huge fan of leap frog toys, but this one really let us down.  I understand the touch magic concept, my little boy did not.  I just think that kids are motivated by the sensory experience, my son loves pushing buttons which of course the touch magic lacks.  I know, that's the point of "touch magic", but it truly just fell flat for us.  Maybe for a 5 year old and up the lack of physical buttons won't be a problem, but I guess my son needs actual buttons.  Basically the guitar plays a random song and the child can add in some effects while the song is playing.  So the child is not actually playing any notes or music, it's the equivalent of hitting the play button on iphone, then you hit the "buttons" for the sound effects (children clapping, whammy bar sound, drum beat, song speed up); it's almost like a mini DJ kit in the shape of a guitar.  The size of the guitar is perfect and the guitar strap is genius!  My son loved walking around with the guitar around his neck like a real musician.  I am thinking that the touch magic concept is hit or miss for some people.  I am sorry to say that we didn't love it.  I would love to see actual buttons and the ability to actually play atleast a couple of notes.
This is an okay musical toy for toddlers and pre-schoolers, but I thought it would have more like raised buttons to push, but in reality it is a very flat toy with touch button options rather than raised ones which would have been be easier for younger kids. It looks better in the picture that it is in reality. Overall okay but could have been better.
A lot of toys out there rely on just sound effects. Some are loud, some are annoying and some are both, like this guitar. There really isn't anything that your kid is going to learn from this other than if you push a button, it plays the sound that button is supposed to play. The only thing you can do to sort of "play" this guitar is the song can get speed up when you "strum" the cords. There is an applause button, there is a drum button and even a "silly sounds" button; none really do anything but play their thing when you push them.My kid thought it was a pretty boring toy. If you already feel like you have enough loud and annoying toys, this one isn't for you.
I was truly hoping my daughter would love this guitar.  She is almost 8, but is autistic and plays within the age range this is meant for.  Her brother plays guitar, and she is fascinated with his guitars, and with music in general, so I thought this would be a natural hit.  However, it's barely been touched.  I think there are a few reasons for that.  One is that it just doesn't feel like a real guitar in any way.  It's very thin, it has nothing to pretend to be strings or struts or anything except printed on parts with a little bit of a ridge---it does have a strap, which was one of the only things my daughter liked about it.  Also, the various features just don't seem to work well together.  You can do a lot with this if you try hard---it can play songs, play ABCs, have various sounds, a drum beat, etc, but using the features together seems difficult.  I thought this just might be because of my daughter's cognitive limitations, but when I tried it, I had trouble too.  If a song is playing, the various effects seem to either not work or blend in too much.  If you hit the song button and start having it play a song, there doesn't seem like there's an easy way to stop it without hitting the song button again to pick a new song.  And it seems very hard to access the ABC song.  I'm sure there ARE ways to do a lot of these things, but if I had trouble doing them, I can picture it would be hard for many in the target audience!  This feels more like a music player in the shape of a guitar, not really anything too guitar related.  I would not really recommend it.
I love many of Leapfrog's products, but definitely not this one. First of all, the claim that it has over 100 songs and activities is sorely overstated - my estimate would be that it has about 10 songs and 7 activities. The only activities it has are turning the guitar strings by the monkey, sliding the music note back and forth to hear opposites/horn sounds, lifting the hippo's face to see the mirror, turning the page on the 1 page book, spinning the fish wheel, pushing one of three piano keys, and tapping the drum in the center.The drum in the center where they can tap a shape to hear its color and shape name was nice but at 7 months my daughter doesn't have the strength required to make that work. As an adult, I have to smack the drum really hard to get it to work which is obviously a con and even when you tap one shape, it lights up a different one than you tapped. I was expecting more activities and was disappointed.It has 2 modes which are music and learning and I do like the bright/attractive colors with the jungle theme. I did like the use of teaching the opposites.  It was very easy to put together since you only have to attach the legs, but there's no way this toy could work for up to 36 months old as it claims. My daughter at 7 months already has to bend down to do the activities on the table so it's way too short. Also, it's not made very sturdy and the legs are very wobbly so you have to sit with your child while he or she stands to use it otherwise they could easily fall and take the toy down with him or her.Given all of its drawbacks, which I was surprised about since Leapfrog always has great products, I wouldn't recommend this to a friend...or an enemy. Let's just say it's not worth the $35 it cost.
For the price, this set is not all that great. It is hard clunky plastic and rather small. There is nothing special about it. The flower spinner on top is easy to use for little hands, to use the elevator and the froggy is a cute addition I suppose, but there really isn't much to do at all with this set. I cannot for the life of me figure out why it is priced so high... It does not seem particularly well made, nothing special about it, it does not seem any more high quality than any other toddler toys by Fisher Price etc. I would much rather spend the money on Little People or something similar because they do not have that cheap hard plastic feel to them and there is usually much more to do with their sets. I can't recommend this Fairy Garden. Sure it's pink and cute, but that's where it ends.
Let me start off with the positives-- the tops included in this set (two five piece tops) are wicked cool.  Those things will spin for very long periods of time if you spin them on a flat surface.  They also have a nice weight to them.  They look like solid products that any boy or girl would want on hand for those 'down times' when they just want to see something spin!  The idea is neat.  It would be awesome to actually figure out how to get the tops to do more than, say, land in the bottom of the dome, but that must take a lot of practice, from what I can see!The cons?  Oh boy, there are many.  To start with, the instructions are confusing.  Furthermore, the actual dome is a bit flimsy and poorly designed.  The ripcord came out of the box bent instead of straight, making it harder to get a good tug on it.  Last, the ripcord holder (that holds the tops) doesn't always work.  Multiple times, I would set the top in the ripcord holder, turn it as instructed, and the top would simply fall out of the holder.I actually wouldn't recommend this toy to anyone unless they're a huge beyblade fan.  The tops are totally worth it, even if they occasionally have problems.  They spin really well.  The rest of the set?  It's just a bit too flimsy for me to recommend!
My son wanted this from Santa and was asking for it for months. When he opened the present and saw it, he was super excited. We put it together quickly (super easy setup) and he gave it a whirl. It didn't really work. We tried it again, and again the beyblades simply bumped into each other and fell to the bottom of the dome. He decided it wasn't working and moved onto something else from Santa.This is an awesome concept but such a poor execution. The dome doesn't seem to be wide enough for two blades to battle. The dome is made if flimsy plastic, which is okay until the dome gets hit during play and topples over.The plus with this set is the two beyblades you get with it, which are normal quality and can be played with as usual.This set was a disappointment for sure. I would save a few pennies and just buy the blades.
My 5 year old loves Beyblades, but this toy was truly disappointing. Thedome is cheaply made, and after a few uses, it is scratched up badly inside(and my son has not been using it long). Considering that he lovesBeyblades, he was not happy with this toy. This product is also overpricedfor its cheap quality. I do not recommend this dome to anyone, especiallyfor the price. My son probably enjoyed this toy the most during the first 15minutes; after some serious letdown from the product, he gave up playing.Do yourself a favor an opt for a better Beyblade product.
In theory this looked like it would be fun. The boys were not impressed. It is rather cheap looking for starters. The beyblades would only go around the arena for a few times before they either crashed into each other and fell to the bottom, or ran out of power and fell to the bottom. Unless we can figure out what they are doing wrong, I wouldn't recommend this toy.
I was impressed as the kids took this play dough contraption out of the box.  When I saw the box it seemed like a lot of plastic for the amount of interaction that it promised.  But it proved to be a well conceived, solidly built toy.At least until the crank and gumball shaping cylinders seized up.  We tried everything to get it to free up, thinking that we got clay into something some where.  Eventually I grabbed a screwdriver and disassembled the toy and found the part that was jamming.  I tried multiple times to get it to work smoothly again by removing the small ratcheting part that locked but was unsuccessful.  It works again without the piece, but it is jerky and hard to crank. Needless to say the kids were a little disappointed.Also, the playdough containers that come with this set are the very small 2 ounce variety. This seemed a little on the cheap side.on the plus side, the candy shaped forms worked great, and we had a really good time creating multicolored marbles while the gumball maker was working (about 25 minutes). It had potential, but it lost most joy when it broke.
At first glance, the Candy Cyclone looks like a toy that will keep any kid occupied for a very long time, but after playing with my near three-year-old for a grand total of three hours spread out over a week, it's now sitting largely unused.The problem is, once you've created a few "sweets", pressed out a few molds, rolled out strings of playdough out on lollipop sticks, what's next? But perhaps I'm expecting too much from playdough.The other thing I've noticed is that to get the kind of colorful combinations shown on the box, I had to mash together different-colored playdough and you know what happens to that after the first few successful sweet products? A greyish morass of yuck is what.I found the churning wheels that produced the balls to be difficult to use and caused jams no matter how slowly you moved the handle. There was no easy way to clear those jams either and the instructions say to wait until the playdough caught in the teeth to dry before you can get them out--a period of time that can last as long as two days.I give this a generous two and a half stars out of five for its initial splendidness, but I'll pass.
OK... toy arrives and Grandpa and I think, "Grandson and he Dad will love this because grandboy is a Transformer-a-holic and his Dad LOVES to put stuff together.Grampa and I open the box which, admittedly, has cool pictures and makes clear you can make either two vehicles or two bots.Inside is.... WTF? Inside we find 5 bags of pieces. Inside one of the bags is pieces and two MORE bags of pieces. Are the pieces identified in any way? Oh my, no. Numbered? No. Color-coded? Nope. What order are the pieces in? Hard to tell... size maybe? The box is much too big for the contents. I have no idea why.There are two books of "directions", none of which include "select piece xx which is in bag #1." There are no words. The directions are all pictures.So, in order for grandson and his Dad to assemble these toys, they must open ALL the bags, spread out the hundreds of pieces and ... GO! The grandboy got frustrated and walked off after about 10 minutes.Sorry, I am not impressed. There may be a market for this product, but it's not at our house.
This toy is a lot of fun but I have misgivings about the longevity of the drum mechanism.First the fun: instead of darts, this thing throws out these little disks that have a good bit more range.  They seem solid but they don't hurt at all.  However they will hurt an eye at moderate range, and the gun is accurate enough to hit an eye if you want.  The disks all leave with spin on them so you'll have to adjust your shots to correct for a curving effect.  I'd say the accuracy you gain with the spinning disk you lose with the curve effect, but an experienced shooter can adjust.Also, the ability to do rapid fire is a lot of fun, and works well, but of course sacrifices accuracy in a big way.  Because you're pulling back on the charging handle(?) to fire the disk instead of the trigger, you're inducing plenty of error each time the disk leaves the weapon, but you'll be having too much fun chasing your target to care.  You'll go through 40 disks in less than a minute, no problem.  30 seconds seems reasonable - not a bad volume of fire!Now, about that drum.  It's a heavy mass.  It's a black box; despite some clear plastic it's impossible to figure out what's going on inside it, and more importantly, what's wrong with it.  The second time I loaded the drum I had some sort of malfunction.  Since the directions have very limited troubleshooting steps I had to figure out the problem myself.  And because you don't know what's happening inside the drum (e.g. jam) it's hard to know what steps to take.  The tip-off that the makers know their instructions are incomplete was the big sticker on the drum telling you to ensure you load 19 disks on the first load.  This seems important and I dare not violate it.  In the end, I see the drum getting a permanent jam and becoming trash.  This is likely going to be a function of keeping disks in good shape, plus proper loading technique plus keeping the drum free of debris.  A lot to ask of some kids.  And without the drum the gun is useless - no alternate methods to fire a disk.Like other dart guns we found that you lose the disks almost immediately.  If you buy this a as gift for someone, do them a favor and buy extra disks.  One of the great mysteries of Kid-dom is how these projectiles seemingly evaporate once fired.  I'm confident you can shoot 40 disks in a small brightly lit white room with no windows, doors, or furniture and still somehow lose one.  These things are designed to scoot under furniture and roll deep, so get your flashlights and broom handles ready.
Elefun Snacking Safari is an extremely cute idea and the young ones at our home couldn't wait to play it.  The colors are bright and the pieces that make up the game are clever.  The game itself is easy to understand and even our 3 year old had the idea down pat quickly.Then the problems started.  It's frustrating because the suction doesn't allow you to pick up the pieces very handily.  After trying to find a way to rectify that issue we finally gave up after an hour and put it away.  I don't know if we will play again, but if I can find a way to make it work better the idea is catchy and fun.The game would be great if they could improve that one function.
This looked like a cute game so picked it up for my niece to play with. At 6 she wasn't all that interested. My 2.5yo son was more interested in it (for the slinky factor). Neither of them could get the darn nose suction portions to stick to anything. Took me several forceful attempts to get one to stick.While the concept of this game is cute, it really seems like a cast-off idea that made it to production because they couldn't come up with anything else. It was more disappointing than anything.
Okay, if this game was meant to teach small children how to prepare for life by wielding an elephant trunk-shaped handle with a spring on its end in hopes of picking up cards with a small suction cup at the end, then I would be all for the game. But, alas, I'm not sure what it's for. I guess fine motor skills? To frustrate the parents who are forced to play the game with their kids?Cons:It's too hard AND too easy.One must bounce the elephant nose a million times before a card sticksThe small amount of cards make it easy to winYour small child is closer to the cards, a fact allowing for the cheater to spring forth from your childThe three games you can play are just not that challengingThe spring in nose easily tanglesIf you have a curious cat, you're most likely going to accidentally bop the cat on its headPros:Your kid will become bored of the game quickly and won't bug you to play it much after the first or second gameThe elephant trunks are fun to play with (as long as no pets are around who look like targets)The nose plugs into the head, making for easy storageThe cards are colorful and funOverall, this is just a lame game. And I do like kid games, I really do. I just don't like games that serve no purpose.
My grandson and his cousins (ages 3-6) showed little interest in this game. Even with repeated attempts to play with them and the toy, they lost interest very quickly and started playing with a Melissa and Doug wooden school bus they had also just received. It did seem like a good concept for a game, but it was hard getting the pieces to stick, which made it more frustrating than fun.
My boys, ages 3 and 7, first seemed excited to play the game, but their excitement lasted only 8 mins before the slinky nose became tangled and the suction cup at the end of each nose stopped working. I was going to replace the suction with a magnet and put paper clips on the 3 1/2 inch circles, but they seemed too frustrated to continue any further. Basically there are three ways to play, there are two elephant starter pads (one orange, the other green, like the corresponding handle to each of the two elephants). From there, all cards are face down, someone yells "Go" and you try to pick up the cards. TRY being the operative word. You can pick either matching the food shapes game or another version of matching the color of your handle to determine the winner. there is a third option of a "gold" picture which is an "instant winner" piece. It would have been a good game if the slinky was more resistance to tangling (like a regular slinky) and if the suction was a bit bigger to be able to suction the cardboard circles. The elephant themselves are really cute to play with but for us, not for the purpose of this game.
I thought this looked like so much fun for my preschoolers, but it really didn't work. They were frustrated and bored within minutes. The elephant heads are not sturdy or durable, and the plastic spring doesn't provide solid bounce like it should. The suction cup on the end isn't heavy enough or sticky enough to really pick up the cards, resulting in frustrated preschoolers as they tried and tried again using the right technique, but the equipment failed them. The "game" suggestion is not really fun, it didn't provide an opportunity for imagination. The kids were done with this game in under 15 minutes, and haven't even mentioned again. I would pass on buying this toy.
Other than liking this toy because I grew up watching the Smurfs, the toy itself has no point.  The house itself is durable and made from flexible plastic but the pieces don't stay together very well and there is not much room in the house for a child to do much with the characters.  The characters themselves are plastic and I would like them better if their arms or legs could move instead of remaining in their same pose all the time.  It makes it hard to pretend they are doing much if they are always in the same pose.Overall this is not a great toy.  I was disappointed by it and now it sits in my children's toy box, unplayed.
The toy is a pretty good size and there are no sharp edges nor are there any pieces, so it's great for little ones. Plus its very simple to use the remote, so a toddler shouldn't get frustrated by too many buttons or trying to maneuver the firetruck. My son loves vehicles (age 5) and has had a fair amount of remote controlled toys and I thought this firetruck moved a bit too slow. It just didn't give off that "wow look at it go!" reaction that toddlers & preschoolers typically have with these kind of toys. But if you are looking for a gift for a young child who likes firetrucks, perhaps who has never had a remote control toy before, this is something to consider. But for ages 4+ it's probably a little too simple.
The only "wow" factor is the size of this truck - but soon it turns into disappointment due to the limited functionality (number of batteries needed, poor remote control, disproportionate design, ladders that cant be removed and overall no visual appeal than size).  For the advertised price-point, options for radio-controlled toys are quite broad and this doesn't deserve to be on the top of your list.
This doll just seems more suitable for Halloween than just a normal play-doll- it almost seems weird.  Not sure why we now need with dolls, but the costuming on this one was not something I was crazy about.  Unless it's a Halloween gift, I think I'd skip it.
I received this and when I ordered it I thought it was going to be smaller slot style cars, what It actually is made of are larger cars. The track itself is made of large pieces, but is pretty small considering the side of the cars. The construction quality is low, yeah the parts come together fairly easily however when you actually run the cars on the track I noticed the cars got stuck in parts. I read where other people modified the track, I didn't do that yet but I'll give it a shot.Overall I like the individual pieces like mario and bowser however the overall quality is just sub-par and not worth the money. Really for the price what you are buying is a licensed piece of plastic, it's not built well but you are paying for the name. I'd skip this and get something else. Heck for the same price you could buy the actual video game if you don't already own it.
My kids took one look at this product and were ecstatic. They love building sets and typically do a great job of putting them together.This one, however, was a disappointment. My children (ages 11, 9, and 6) sat down to work on assembling the track and were very quickly confused. So, I sat down to join and guide them. It didn't take long for them to just disappear while my husband and I tried to follow the instructions. The instructions were confusing, and the pieces did not fit together smoothly.A couple of other frustrations:- The plastic is flimsy and does not seem at all durable.- The car wheel bases do not fit well into the track setup, which prevents them from running the track as smoothly as they should.- Some of the obstacles have to fall just right for the cars to pass by, and the chances of them falling just right are pretty slim.There was one aspect of this track assembly that I loved. The tracks slip together and then are held in place by little yellow pegs. The pegs are easily removed and the track pieces then easily separated. But, the combination of the slide in connection and the securing peg make a wonderful attachment system easily managed by children. I would love to see this technique used in a more durable toy!Bottom line: My kids were so very excited about this track. But, between being robbed of the joy of assembly and then getting frustrated with the cars not running smoothly, this track was only played with for a few hours before being stored under the bed. It comes out every now and then, but never stays out for long. There are a lot of other building toys I'd rather spend this amount of money on!
This is a poor track set in my opinion. You get a weak track with some regular Kinex parts stuck on it, two cars, and a sticker sheet. The bottom of the track is perforated with in a grid pattern and they give you stickers to lay down on the track exposing half the adhesive through the bottom of the track. I can see that picking up stuff over time. Given the list price that is some weaksauce. Then when it comes to actually running the cars on the track it turns out you can only run one car around at a time. There is no room, since it is a single lane, to have any kind of a real race. What fun it is when you have two cars that you can't even really race? I will say we didn't have any problems running the cars around in a single file line but that is hardly exciting. Overall a don't buy if you ask me.
I picked this toy out for my 7 year old grandson even though it specifies for 9 yrs+.  I figured I counted as the 9 yr+ factor. This coaster was not fun to put together as was advertised.  The information on this product says that the fun is in putting it together.  Well to me the frustration was in putting it together.  Now if you are thinking that this is due to the fact that I am the adult here, let me tell you that little man did not have fun either.  He keep looking for other things to do, he cried bored numerous times which lead to us taking a ton of breaks.  It is supposed to take a minimum of 6 hours to put together we worked on it for two days and ended with an EPIC FAIL!!! What went wrong? Let me count the ways . . . The easy to follow color coded instructions were not easy to follow at all. The claps were not distinct in their instruction or color determination.  I had to continuously go back to disconnect this or that in order to make step ten fit step five and so forth.  VERY ANNOYING. As I was putting it together all I keep thinking was that this was not meant for a beginner K-Nex Builder.  Now my grandson goes to Loews quite frequently to participate in their weekend building projects.  He loves to go. If he doesn't get to go he gets upset.  So I concluded that this particular failure had nothing to do with not being a practiced builder.  All that I can conclude is that it is a K-Nex thing and this was not the coaster for us. We did manage the foundation and some of the track. I begin to believe that we would actually finish this thing. NOT! The instructions for installing and laying out the track was not - it just wasn't.  So to sum it up, if you've never put a K-Nex product together I do not recommend starting with this one.  I would suggest and easier more simple item. We did not after 2 days finish nor will we ever finish because we have agreed not to. So I am throwing it in the garbage because it is taking up too much space. Oh, and for anyone who believes that more patience was needed, I just say, yeah?, keep believing that.
My daughter, lover of all things LPS, almost had a little girly heart attack when she opened the amazon box this came in. At first glance, I thought this was going to be just like the mechanical toy with the penguins that go up the stairs and then comically scoot down the slide only to repeat the process over and over...I love those kind of old fashioned toys. This is not one of those. As soon as she opened the box, I went to go get the batteries. But then I noticed it didn't need batteries. The little fairies go up the slide by having the child pump a lever up and down, which must be done at EXACTLY the right tempo and pressure, otherwise the fairies fall off the stairs or get stuck. My six year old could only get it right about twenty percent of the time and even I had trouble doing it. the fairies also kept getting stuck on the slide and the support beams underneath the slide kept popping off. After a about ten minutes of working with this thing we all got frustrated. This would have been so much better if they had just made it have batteries that worked the stairs.
This dizzy dancers disco set doesn't have any music. The disco floor lights up which is nice, but that's all that's really interesting with it. I really would have expected some music to come out of this thing. I double checked the box and the Hasbro website. I found a theme song on the website, which could have been added. Maybe at least a snippet of it, but nope no sounds.The pieces also don't snap together well. They connect and stay well enough when using the disco set, but picking it up and moving it is just too much for these connectors.The dance floor lights up and that's the most interesting part of this, but there isn't much going on. There isn't any game to it. The lights turn on and you spin the top. It can slide down the ramps to it, but it just feels sloppy.The dizzy dancer itself is a nice version of a top. My daughter enjoyed this part the most. She tried to be interested in the disco dance floor, but gave up and just played with the dizzy dancer.Pro: Comes with a dizzy DancerCon: No game to it, not interestingCon: Doesn't stay together wellCon: Disco doesn't have any musicCon: Couldn't keep the attention of a 3.5 yr old girl
You see the word "disco," and what do you think? Music, lights, dancing, a good time to be had by all, right?! Well, unfortunately, not so much.My 5-year-old was ecstatic when she saw this package--it's bright, colorful, it shows cute little critters having loads of fun on a big light up surface. A couple of the Dizzy Dancers are moving so fast on the package that they are blurred. Baby girl is still excited when I start undoing twist ties (fortunately the easy paper ones) and pulling out pieces--lots and lots of plastic pieces. I, however am getting less and less excited as I look at the assembled dance floor on the box and the assembly directions in my hand. There are few things I hate more than directions that are purely visual. The pictures are monochromatic, so some pieces get a little mixed up. What makes it worse is when you're halfway done, the thing keeps falling apart, and you get to the second half of the instructions which say "Design it yourself!" and realize that you've got to turn it upside down anyway (and undo all your work) to put the batteries in.We finally got it all assembled, and then pulled out the sheet of stickers. Despite the box indicating you can Design It Yourself, 23 of the 40+ stickers are pre-cut to specific locations. There is a guide to tell you where to place these stickers and it tells you "Stickers without numbers are for free play." Guess what, buddy?  Neither me nor my kiddo have the patience to follow directions on 23 stickers! We looked at the packaging, placed about 4 stickers in their proper location based on that, then went free-for-all on the rest. And she asked me to include in my review that these stickers are fun, but they rip easily, too, and it takes a looooong time to get all those stickers on.45 minutes after opening the box, we're finally playing with the Spin `n Glow Disco set. And how fun is it? Well, as the adult in charge, I'm already worn out--it's not that it requires a lot of work, it's just tedious, for a playset that doesn't snap together especially well. In fact, as soon as I got up, my daughter told me she wanted to take a break from playing with it (those stickers were a lot of work!). When she went back to playing, she asked me to put some music on for her.So what does she enjoy about the play set? The special edition Dizzy Dancer is really cute. That you can buy other Dizzy Dancers (we probably won't) and untwist them and mix and match colors. That there are lights.What doesn't she like about it? She can't keep it out because the fur on the pet's head is a magnet to both a cat and a toddler. She doesn't like to have to use the zip cord to get it going. On the box, there are "rails" that look like thin slides, but numerous attempts have confirmed that the pet can't actually get down the slide without just falling off midway. Instead, these seem to be necessary stabilizers that just don't stay attached. The two larger slides have designs embossed on them, and the dancer frequently gets stuck in the swirl pattern on the design and doesn't actually make it down the slide. The lights only stayed on for a total of 10 minutes, going through different sets of patterns, before they went out completely (to get them to go again, we had to turn them off and back on). But most egregious of all, despite this being a "disco," there is NO MUSIC (she recommends Joan Jett, and, while I don't really need more noisy toys in the house, I have to agree that it's not a disco without music).I can't imagine her playing with this with her friends. The fact that the playset doesn't stay together well, and that the stickers are already in place, and that it would require the purchase of additional dancers, and that it doesn't have a point (like a race or a certain number of spins, or anything at all) makes it kind of pointless. I think, honestly, my daughter has had more fun helping me write this review than playing with her new toy.
So, you get this and see that you can "design it yourself" or put it together like the picture. I opted to put it together like the pitcture.....guess what....even before I was done, slides were falling off, pieces were comming apart, and my frustration level was climbing. My daughter, eager to play with it, asked me to be more careful. I was. I finally got it all together and we started playing, spinning the cute little dizzy dancer down the slides. Most of the time it wouldn't make it onto the "dance floor," getting stuck at the end of the ramps (when the ramps stayed attached, which wasn't often). My daughter QUICKLY got bored and started using it against my sons bey blade.I think if you are going to make a game for little kids that has to be put together, you should make it so that it doesn't easily come apart. Kids get bored of having to constantly repair a game/toy....that's exactly what happend here. While the actual Dizzy Dancer is cute (my daughter loved it), this is not a toy that held her attention. I recommend a pass.
First, look at the video posted by the manufacturer and let me tell you that will not be the way it is in your house.  The ramps are flimsy and the Dizzy Dancer falls off the ramp before ever making it to the stage. The overall concept is GREAT, but wow - if I ever paid full price for this toy, I'd be so disappointed.  My toy tester is almost 6 and we had a 4 year old there as well. The 6 year old had great fun watching the toy spin on the stage, but after that? Done.  This is what we refer to in our house as a "disposable toy".  If I were going to make a purchase, I'd buy only the Dizzy Dancers and let the kids have fun spinning them. The playset itself is worthless.  I'm sorry to leave such a poor review. I try to find the positive, but in this playset, I can't. Dizzy Dancers themselves are a lot of fun though!!!  I will upload a video I took of the children playing with it!
I got this for my daughters (3 & 6 years old) since they have a variety of other 'spinner' type toys between them. This spinner that comes with this set is actually a very well-made toy... much better then the others my daughters own... unfortunately, it's the only thing of value in this set. The 'stage', which consists of a bunch of slides for the spinning toy to slide down, is junk. The plastic feels cheap and half of the slides don't connect securely and pop right back out. Worse, the slides don't have high enough edges, so the spinners end up jumping off the sides rather then going down them. My daughters had additional problems as they tried to change the stage around, as the only slides that actually held securely to the stage, no longer held tightly after being switched around once or twice. They both lost interest in the stage within about 15 minutes and I haven't seen it since. The spinner itself is still played with.If your kids like these spinner-type toys, save yourself some money and buy just the toy... this stage is useless.
Imagine a box with a whole bunch of pieces of flimsy stuff packed in it, and you have this.  Everything feels cheap (because it is) and there's very little direction to how to play this.  Essentially the stunts that SpiderMan and friends do is just throwing pieces around and hoping they land where you want.Within moments, it's a free for all with the targets abandoned and the pieces lost or broken.  One Happy Meal toy is more durable and interesting than this set.  And note, this guys are TINY.  Three boys played this, 5, 8, and 9, and basically this was nothing that they liked even though they like the characters in general.It sort of surprised me that Marvel would use their name on such a junky toy.  Look closely at the photos before you order if you do....the six "head" figure are less than 1.5 inches each.  Tiny. Not cool.
My children love all things superhero.  Not a day goes by where there is not some sort of rescue mission or battle scene playing out in the house.  I thought my kids would love this game set, and while it has its good points, it really did not hold their attention for very long.  It comes with a set of little odd-shaped superhero bullets for lack of a better term.  They bounce when you throw them.  You can set up the stunt set almost like the Angry Birds game concept, using the included pad to bounce/launch the little figures around.  It sounded like a fun game, and it was for about ten minutes.  After that, my kids realized that the plastic stunt set was not all that well made or put together, and they could have more fun flicking the pieces around or creating scenes and challenges with their regular toys.  They still use the superhero figures, but have discarded everything else the set came with.  And like many other collectible figures out right now, i.e. squinkies, these are tiny, easily lost and mistakenly vacuumed up.  I would not recommend this for any child under three due to chocking hazard.  As for fun factor, it does seem more appropriate for the 4-6 range.  I don't think kids much older than six would find it appealing.
A boring toy, the pieces never got in place, fall all the time and was not fun at all, my son try to play whit this toy but got board and forget about it.
6 exclusive Bonkazonks figures look like Mighty Beanz with stoppers on the bottom. So for collecting they are great, but the game is rather boring . My 14 and 12 year old were not interested. Trying to slam one of your figures on the Spider-Man Slampoline to knock the others down is not easy.  The pieces are small and when you try to bounce them or do any stunts they fly off into wherever, and have to be tracked down.
I think my 6 year old played this for about 10 minutes and then it was forgotten about.  And this is a kid that likes mighty beanz and sqwinkies, so he's used to somehow having fun with little useless pieces of plastic!  The cardboard part you're supposed to knock down never really stood upright for us.  We all tried to "bounce" them a few times and now it sits unused.
I offered this to my seven year old for play and it took a while before he was even interested in opening it.  Upon giving it a try his initial response was that "Bonkadonks are a disaster."  He could not really figure out what to do with this or how to do it without help.  He could not enjoy it independently and was not even that interested in doing it together.  He played with it one time. I have put all the pieces in a zip lock bag so in the event that he decides to give it another go, that's our system for not losing toy parts.  It does fit conveniently in a quart size bag but that unfortunately is the best thing I can come up with to say about the product.  I do not recommend for ages five and up.  Maybe older children would be interested in it?  I admit I had a little fun bouncing the figures to the target but I don't think that moms are the target audience for this toy!!!  It looks interesting and is exactly what it claims to be but that doesn't seem to make it interesting or fun for kids in our experience.
my 10 year old grandson who loves all toys played with this for maybe all a half an hour and decided his little brother could have it (little brother being 3) but of course with the choking hazards the pieces are so small it is a very good chance. I hate to admit this but I could find nothing in this game that would excite too many kids.
My 8 year old son used his birthday money to buy this.  He was so excited after seeing the commercials on tv.  After setting it up, and using the wall climbing action 3 times, the mechanism that moves Spiderman up the wall stopped moving.  It makes all the sounds like it is moving, but I think it is stuck inside.  I tried changing the batteries and taking the bottom off but was still unable to get in to where the mechanism is located.  So, a huge disappointment for Spiderman's best buddy.  Still, after throwing a fit and calling this toy a complete rip off, my son was able to calm down and get back to playing with the set.  The lizard pops out of a window and knocks Spidey off the ledge and it makes all kinds of sounds with lights and stuff, so he is enjoying that part of the set.
First of all, this toy is quite a pain to unpack, a complete opposite example of frustration-free packaging. There're 15 or more tightly tied strings to untangle, and a couple of them required the use of scissors. There's also a lot of packing tape, which together with the plastic tie plates is quite environmentally unfriendly! Also, the yellow arrow label you see must be peeled off for Spidey to do his climbing, and it's quite a chore to peel off in a clean fashion. The climbing mechanism works poorly, and I don't see how a 3-6-year-old can pump the winding mechanism by him- or herself. The entire set shows rather poor designs, and the electronic functions are just a joke (annoying lights and sounds). Unless your 3-6-year-old is a Spidey fanatic, this is not a toy to get.
This Lion toy is not that fun, it will show how to count 1-10 in Spanish, English, Chinese and French it will play a short song and move the balls a little and that all, my nephew got bored and leave the toy and play whit an all toy he likes better.
I was with what I thought were the perfect subjects to test the Lion Toy - my 10 month old twin grandsons.  They have different personalities, so I thought even if one didn't like it, the other might.  Neither was impressed.  They were both interested in the 3 balls that come with it, but had little to no interest in the Lion.  They were not impressed that it could count to 10 in several languages.  It didn't even interest their 5 year old brother. There was a glimmer of interest when someone else made the balls pop out and then placed them in the lion's mouth.  That interest didn't last long.One problem, I noticed, is that they can tip it over on it's back very easily, yet can't stand it up again without assistance.  On it's back, you can't do anything.  One did put his hand in the lion's mouth to try to retrieve a ball, but began crying when the mouth closed and he couldn't pull his hand out.  It is a cute, brightly colored toy, so I was disappointed that it didn't do more to interest the intended age group (9mo+).I like to comment on packaging.  This was not frustration free packaging.  It was hard to get to the heavy cords (find all of the clear tape around the edges to make it easier), which were too heavy for my scissors to cut through, and were wrapped multiple times around pieces of cardboard.  The front was also open which makes wrapping a challenge.
I had my just turned 2 yr old nephew over and all he wanted to do was play with the balls. He had no interest in the Lion what so ever. While I think it's great that it speaks other languages, are you really going to carry on the teachings? I think it should have focused on something else besides languages. I will say that the balls have held up pretty well for a 2 yr old throwing them around every where.
We gave this toy to my 2-year-old granddaughter, even though we felt it might not engage her.  We were wrong.  Because it was new and colorful, she was immediately interested.  She liked and recognized the stylized lion, but didn't know how the toy worked, so we demonstrated.She loaded the balls, pulled the tail, and initially liked watching the balls being propelled across the room.  We retrieved them for her, and she repeated the process a few times -- maybe five -- but then went on to other toys.  This is what I expected.  Though she didn't say it, she was likely thinking "Is that all there is to this?"All kids outgrow toys.  That's inevitable, but it would be nice to know that when you buy one, the child will enjoy it for a reasonable period of time.  From the experience with my granddaughter, I'd say that the toy is best suited for a one-year old.  At the age of two, kids tend to look for more complex toys.  This one is cute, but doesn't offer enough of a challenge.
This product arrived just before my kids (ages three and five, both girls) were to set off for a week at their grandparents, so they took it along with them. Let's just say Grandma and Grandpa weren't sorry to see Grover go home, although they said the kids didn't play with him much after the first few days anyway. When I took a look at him to write this review, my older daughter asked me, "Mommy, can you please shut that thing off?"Even with several moving parts, Grover does appear to be quite sturdy. His head swivels side to side, his arms flap around, his visor raises and lowers over his eys and his cape flaps in the breeze. He does not, of course, actually fly, at least not without human help.But he does talk. A lot. I played around with him for about 15 minutes and didn't get a repeated phrase, so he has quite a repertoire. My parents said they didn't hear any repeats either, except for the obligatory "Hello Everybodeeeee!" when he's first activated. His voice sounds just like you'd expect Grover's voice to sound (which is to say, every bit as annoying). Unfortunately (or perhaps fortunately, depending on your perspective), the demonstration batteries that come with the toy don't last too long.I will readily admit that my kids are not really the target audience for this toy. I think even my three-year-old is too old for it, and it probably appeals to boys more than girls. This could probably be a decent gift for an active toddler through early preschool boy. Someone else's little boy, that is. It's a toss up whether this toy is more or less annoying than Tickle Me Elmo, but the target audience is pretty much the same.Update: I just noticed that it says "Warning, small parts, not for children under 3". I don't know how much that's just an obligatory warning on anything not specifically designed for babies, but I didn't see anything obvious that could break off and be hazardous to children. If anything, the hard plastic is more of a threat for bumps and bruises, especially if Grover gets swung or thrown around and hits someone. As already noted, I don't think this product will appeal to kids over three, so if you are concerned about this warning for your toddler/two year old, then I don't recommend buying it at all. Personally, while there are plenty of reasons why I wouldn't be likely to buy this product, safety is not one of them.
Hasbro has a great idea on expanding their lazer tag product line with this product. This is a great first revision as the hardware is durable and feels great. My only gripe is with the app that is lacking in advanced functionality. The good news is if they take the time and spend a little more development time with the app they can take this product to the next level.The current lazer tag app does perform the basic functions you would expect; explosions overlaid on the camera live view, switch of different gun modes, a story mode to play against robots from outer space. What is missing is lazer tag is the stats and more ridged rules to ensure no cheating. Lets face it as the little kids that will be playing this will try and cheat any way they can and that will lead to fights, of the fist kind ;)HERE IS HOW TO TAKE THIS GUN TO THE NEXT LEVEL. SIMPLY CREATE KIDS SINGLE PLAYER TYPE APPS SUCH AS; DUCK HUNT, SKEET SHOOTER, OR EVEN BETTER YET A CLASSIC CARNIVAL SHOOTING GALLERY TYPE GAME. (why the caps, I am trying to reach the developers at Hasbro to read the meat of this review, we want more apps!!)Happy Shopping!
Who doesn't love angry birds?  Well, if you're only experience of it was this set, you'll probably not love them so much anymore.UNBOXING:This package was my only package from Amazon that came to me without an external box.  It had postage stickers directly affixed to the box, obscuring the box art.  Additionally, the box was delivered opened, and I'm not quite sure that all the pieces were included.  This is the one time that I think Amazon dropped the ball on packaging--usually, they over-pack their boxes.REVIEW:So the box came to me opened and possibly missing pieces.  Due to the damage of the box, the instructions were also messed up.  I couldn't see exactly how to put anything together.  So I used the box art--but wait, that was obscured by the postage stickers.After a short while, I created what I thought was the King Pig Castle (with a little help from the internet).  However, it barely stayed together without an angry bird being launched at it.  The catapult is also a loose object, so firing the angry birds is rather awkward.  And when you destroy the castle, it takes forever to put back together again.The only good things were the angry birds and the pigs themselves.  My kids like playing with them like action figures, but not with the castle.  We also have the Star Wars Angry Birds Jenga set, and that by far outdoes this set.OVERALL:If you are a die-hard angry birds fan, get this.  If not, I wouldn't--it's not put-together well, and is a bit of a pain to play and put back together for the next round.  I don't recommend this set.
Got this for my almost 6 year old as he loves anything that requires building and anything Angry Birds related.  he is big into Legos so he has a lot of experience following directions and building stuff on his own.  He knows better than to ask me as I am terrible with legos but I do try if he really needs me.  Most of the time he goes to my wife for help!  This set looked promising when we opened it.  the directions are pretty clear for the most part but they seem to do a lot of steps within one specifc step unlike legos which will spread out something acorss a few more steps to better see what is going on.Problems started arising when certain pieces wouldn't clamp together well enough without falling apart when adding other pieces.  The Knex stuff just doesn't seem as well built as Legos in this regard.  We tried for about an hour before my son just decided he was tired of playing with it and moved on to something else.  This is the first project he did not finish and I am fine with it because it was frustrating.  The only other time we had this much of an issue was with a chinese knock off legos we got in new Hampshire at a train station in North Conway.The one good thing that comes with this package are the characters.  Those get played with but more like action figures rather than part of the overall set.
We've had this device for a couple months now. My son (4 1/2) has been playing educational games on the iPad for years and really enjoys them. I was hoping this would take the place of the iPad, and he could have his own device to learn and play on. It didn't quite work out that way.The first month we had this my son didn't touch it at all. My husband was deployed, so I had my iPad 3, and my son had the original iPad all to himself. After my husband came home, I got the iPad mini, the first generation went to my sister, and now my son had to share the iPad 3. Once that happened he started paying a lot more attention to LeapPad.Right off the bat he complained about it being slow. Obviously the graphics aren't as clear as the retina display iPad, but the reaction time is also slower, not to mention the smaller screen.The biggest problem with this though is the cost of the apps. Some of them are outrageous! I purchased a Jake and the Neverland Pirates app on the iPad for $2.99. The Jake app on the LeapPad is $25.00! What do you get for $25.00? Well, it teaches...Number Recognition...Shapes...Sorting & Classifying...Counting. You can get educational apps on the iPad that teach all those same things, but for a fraction of the cost (or free!). An expensive app in the Apple store is around $4.99, and those are rare, but LeapPad 2 app prices START at $10 and go up to $25.00 (the cheapest apps I saw were for $5.00, and there were only two of them).Overall, I just don't recommend this toy, ESPECIALLY if you already have an iPad that you don't mind sharing with your child. Even if you don't have one, you're still shelling out quite a bit of money for a toy. $100 for the device, plus $10-$25 PER app. Then if you want a case for it, that's another $15-$20. It's a money pit. I recommend taking that money and applying it to a tablet the whole family can use.
I cannot say that I am all that much into Monster High and I probably would not admit it on the internet if I was.  So I left most of the testing of this product to my three daughters, 10, 7, and 6.When I took the car out of the box for my kids, my initial impressions were quite positive.  The level of detail on the vehicle was quite good for a plastic car.  There are various spooky details on various components.  The dash has a spider web inlay, the shifter and tail lights are gargoyles, and the steering wheel and wheel covers kind of has a medieval cross design.I gave it to my kids and by the end of the day, I had one of the girls come up to me and tell me that it broke already.  There is a seatbelt in the trunk/back seat area that holds the dolls in place.  That seatbelt broke completely off, so at this point the back seat is useless.The girls continued playing with it and at the end of the month, they gave me their list of pros and cons with the car.My girls loved the idea the car had a trunk where they could put the dolls' clothes and such.  They really liked the fact that the car could seat 4 dolls, assuming the seat belt did not break.  They also loved the detail of the car and really liked the shifter and the fact the car had cup holders.My girls were really disappointed in the fact the rear seatbelt broke.  They also showed me that when they put their dolls in the front seat, they sank way down in the car.  The seat belts in front were a bit tough to put on as well.My oldest daughter really liked the details in the car and she gave it 4 stars, deducting a star for the broken seatbelt.  My middle daughter was a bit less impressed by the details.  She also cited the broken seatbelt and gave it 3 stars.  My youngest daughter was much less forgiving about the fact the car broke.  She gave the car a 1 star rating.Personally, I will give kudos to the details and the overall sturdiness of the car.  However, I can imagine a parent having to deal with a crying kid if they have the same thing happen to them as we did and having to deal with trying to return the toy and getting a replacement.  Based on other reviews, I think our car breaking is an exception rather than the norm.  However, I cannot change the fact ours broke the first day.  The average rating of my kids would be 2.67 stars.  Factoring in my opinion, I give the item 2 stars.
My 20 month old son received this product through Amazon Vine about a month ago. It's very cute, soft and cuddly, especially for an animatronic doll. He fell in love with it immediately.While the product description says it can help kids understand being sick, I disagree. It does have cute phrases, but being only 5 different ones, they wear thin on adults very soon. If it had the ability to put a tissue up to his nose and make a blowing noise, that would be educational. Also, my son decided that AAAAHHHH CHHHOOOOO was hysterical and keeps repeating it over and over (it was adorable to begin with but is a little tiresome now). My son also wanted the bathrobe "oss" (off), and it is not removable. I did give it a star back for the phrase "Elmo loves you" which prompted my son to say "Love you, Melmo."There is no way to change the battery, as the Amazon product review states. Once the battery is dead, Elmo will no longer work. This is a huge drawback, especially if he is attached. As an example, we also have theSesame Street Count And Crunch Cookie Monster Plush, which he loves. We've already changed the battery twice, and while he eventually broke the gears in Cookie's mouth, he can still open and close the mouth manually and the phrases still work. The Feel Better Elmo doesn't have that longevity.
I gave this to one of my nieces who loves Elmo. At first my niece loved it but this toy couldn't keep her attention for long. It is made from a material that can attract dust and because it's not washable, the sneezing Elmo can soon become a germ spreader. Also, as others mentioned that the battery is not replaceable, its voice didn't last long after about two months of use.At its current price ~$22 (list price $35), I don't think this toy is a good value.
We gave our 3-year old this Gund Elmo after a day where he earned all of his gold stars on his rewards chart (something I would have a hard time doing).  He loves Elmo, and immediately took him, finding the squeezy-spot to make him speak within seconds.  Okay, so our first mistake was giving him Elmo AT bedtime.  The next two hours were "aahhh---chooo!" "Elmo would feel better if you hold Elmo's hand" and the other three phrases.  Five short phrases (including the sneeze!) wear thin quickly.But the big news is this, and I capitalize this because it is so important:  THERE IS NO WAY TO REPLACE THE BATTERIES WHEN THEY DIE.  Elmo will fall silent permanently once the pre-installed batteries wear out.  When I looked and found no way to replace them, I went back to the Amazon page, and sure enough, even Gund says it; "parents should be aware that the Feel Better Elmo does not have an on/off switch, and there is no way to change the pre-installed battery."So here is cute Elmo, who my little boy loves from Sesame Street, and one day fairly soon, he will lose his voice.  Not that I love changing batteries on toys, but that is kind of disappointing!Also important; Elmo can't be machine washed, of course, due to the batteries that soon will be useless anyway.  His robe and the tissue box are secured tightly; you can only "surface wash."The Chinese construction of Elmo isn't bad, really, but why spend $27 or so for what amounts to a temporary version of a doll?  I like the idea of my little boy hugging Elmo when he's not feeling well and getting ready for some rest, but as a toy, and even as a stuffed animal, this version of Elmo falls short.  I can't really recommend it.
All children love Elmo, and my 20 month old granddaughter is no exception. She would like any stuffed Elmo no matter what.Elmo says five phrases that are activated by squeezing the bottom of Elmo's right foot--she quickly got the hang of this. But my granddaughter has the Let's Rock Elmo, which is a superb toy where Elmo plays musical instruments. Listening to him say five phrases doesn't really compare to that for her.My granddaughter would like this toy even if Elmo said nothing and was not dressed in a bathrobe. I think she's a little too young to grasp the significance of what he is wearing.Bottom line: You can't go wrong buying Elmo for a child. My granddaughter likes that this Elmo is larger than another version that she pushes around in her toy carriage. But for her this "special" version is really nothing special.Update November 26, 2012: I downgraded my original review from four stars to two stars because just two months after receiving this, Elmo stopped talking, or at best says incomplete phrases. That is because the pre-installed battery has died and there is no way to replace it. So now this is just another "silent" Elmo. A two month battery life, not to mention the inability to replace the battery, is ridiculous for a toy this price.
It seems I made an error in my review. Several people have pointed out that you do not need an iphone to work these toys. Thank you, other reviewers for correcting my mistake.This toy was chosen from a Vine list because it looked like it would be a blast, lots of fun. When choosing the item I read the following description: This 2 Blaster Battle Pack has everything you and a friend need for solo, team and multiplayer LAZER TAG campaigns! It is my fault that I did not have the time to research the product further before ordering. You need an iphone or ipod to work the games, and if two people want to play, you need two iphones or ipods. I could not get anyone I know to lend me their brand new, expensive phones or pods so that the kids could try out the tag game. It seems like the Lazer tag app is free to download, but in addition to the cost of the dual pack game, be prepared to buy a phone or pod if your friends and relatives don't want theirs out of service while being bounced around in the plastic housing of the tag guns. In the past it had been bad enough to get a new game and not be able to use it because you need to go out and get batteries, now I find that I need to go out and upgrade my ancient cell phone too. Before buying the product, be fair to yourself and the manufacturer and read the reviews written by people who actually have everything they and their friends need to play.
This is complicated 'rock, paper, scissors'. You set a rotating option into the chest and crash them into each other. They pop open similar to the Bakugan toys. You then pick up the vehicles and decide who had the winning option. Not fun. And the models are not that great as collectibles, unfortunately. Kids will likely buy them once, but I don't see this game having the long term shelf life that the true transformers have.
A set of 2 small cars/robots that you can shoot out of little fast start mechanisms, crash into each other and they turn into robots.WHY?This toy has absolutely nothing positive to offer. It teaches nothing except to crash your car into your buddies car and then you have robots and then what, they walk off friends,they fight one another? This toy is geared towards boys and as near as I can see it may be teaching competion and agressiveness. Most boys I have known come with that built in and it needs to be nurtured to turn to positive uses rather than negative uses. I feel this toy  reinforces these attributes in a negative fashion. Save your money and find something that teaches high standards in postive,fair competition, and agressiveness in sticking to your goals and not quitting,  or whatever ways you interpet high standards for your kids in these areas.  This toy is not it.
My kids (son and daughter) LOVE transformers! I think they would have enjoyed this more had it been better made. The quality just isn't there. From the junky pieces that I kept having to fix ("Daddy, can you fix this again?"), to the launchers that were very hard to use ("Daddy, can you put this in for me"), these toys proved to be an excersize in futilty.....I got frustrated very quickly.The game play:Work hard to fit them into the launcher and then let them rip. For my kids, they almost always transformed, so, go to the chest to see who wins. Blaster beats fist, fist beats sword and sword beats blaster. My kids did enjoying trying to figure out when the other would select.....but how long can that hold a kids attention for? Not long, I can tell you! Not even 10 minutes in my case. And the reason it was almost 10 minutes was because of so many "Daddy can you fix this?" and "Daddy, can you get this in the launcher?" My kids are 7 and 8. My nephews came over, 4 and 6, and they had no interest in the "rock, paper, scissors" aspect, and started watching TV after the first request for help came in.Quality:Not really there. Flimsy, cheap plastic. Doesn't launch well or fit easily. I can't see it lasting very long. Pieces turn to robot mode so easily that it almost always relies on what power you select.Imaginative play should not include making believe that everything works. I think if the pieces were a little bigger and better made, this would have been more enjoyable for everyone, even if the price were a little higher. At this price, it's inexpensive, but too cheap to recommend. Pass on this one.
I brought this game to share with my special education students and they were beyond excited upon opening the box. This coloful activity set is very cute, and the students liked how they transformed. It is very basic, and beyond playing with the individual transformers in a creatively independent manner, the game isn't very interesting. After about 5 minutes the kids had become bored with the game aspect and went back to independent play.I have had other toys like this that were better received and held my student's interest. I would rate this as a very mediocre toy set, however it is very attractive to children at the outset. If you are looking for a throwaway toy, and in today's economic climate I can't imagine that to be the case, then this is the toy for you. Otherwise, look further.
I think I was more excited about getting Botshots than my grandchildren were.  We opened the box with interest, but the interest quickly waned.  After spending about 5 minutes with the Botshots, the kids said it was boring and they ran to play with something else.  I packed them away for a rainy day in hopes they might enjoy them better another time.  That was more than a month ago.  I decided to pull them out again and see if the kids would be more interested this time.Once again, the Botshots garnered about 5 minutes worth of attention.  One problem is that they are not well made and they don't hold together properly. Launching them was difficult and frustrating.  The game itself was not complex enough to challenge the children, so they quickly became bored.  The set landed back in the toy chest and I expect it will remain there.
This set is marketed for ages 3+ but in reality, an older child would be better able to manipulate the pieces.  With a set of six colorful containers of Play Doh including a "sparkle compound", there is enough to fill the spaces in each of the separate plastic pieces, but the size of the pieces is so puny and the details so miniscule that the doh gets stuck within each piece and doesn't really allow for the three dimensional play it was meant to offer.  The faces of the princess figures are very unappealing.  The top of the castle allows you to press out Rapunzel's hair and this is fun, but beyond that, I found the toy flimsy and of poor workmanship.  The connections on the base were not properly fitted to the separate castle walls and unless you work very gently, the whole thing falls apart very easily.You won't go wrong if you just stick with good old fashioned Play Doh and forget these sets that aren't worth the extra money.
The horse looks around and reacts to being pet by making various horse sounds. The sounds are realistic and the head movements are pretty well done. It is pose-able the same way a Barbie is pose-able, that is to say that it has straight stiff legs that rotate at the hip (unimpressive). My 3 year old loved it for a little while the first day and a bit the next day.  However, she hasn't played with it much since then. Did I mention that if your kid plays with it and then walks away, the thing will sit there for what seems like an interminable amount of time making horse sounds hoping that your kid will come back and run down the batteries?  Well, I'm sorry Butterscotch, but it doesn't look like my kids are coming back.
Last year I had the opportunity to review the original InnoTab, so I was eager to see if they had greatly improved things this year with the InnoTab 2S.  My kids always love playing with my iPad, so the idea of a little tablet with some kids games that I didn't have to monitor was quite appealing.  I was not pleased with the InnoTab overall, but I had high hopes for the InnoTab 2S.  The InnoTab 2S has many improvements over the InnoTab, but also has taken a big step backwards.The first thing I noticed is that the new InnoTab is smaller.  It still has a kick-stand on the back and a stylus sleeve, but there is now a hole in the stylus and a small attach point for a string to hold the stylus.  Oddly enough, InnoTab doesn't give you the string, so you need to get one yourself.  There is also now a camera on the top that pivots for both self portraits and photos of other people and a microphone for recording sound.The InnoTab 2S is still a USB device controlled by software you install on your PC, but it now has WiFi for downloading apps.  This permits your child to "shop" in the online store, put apps on a wish list, and then allows the parent to buy them later.  The act of your child shopping sends you an e-mail with their "wishes".  Sadly, the WiFi interface didn't work with my home network since I don't have SSID broadcast turned on.  Even entering the name manually like I do on my iPad would not work, so I had to adjust my security settings down for the InnoTab to work.Once I turned it on, I was also surprised because normally new hardware runs faster, but this one runs slower.  For the original InnoTab, it tooks 16 seconds to get to the login screen and a total of 42 seconds to get through both power-up and login.  The new InnoTab 2S takes 33 seconds to get to the login screen and 49 seconds to go from off to the home screen.  Pathetic!  This is for a little kid who will get impatient and mash the power button wondering why it won't turn on.  Why can't they implement a sleep mode or similar?  Taking almost a minute to turn on just is not acceptable today.I was also hoping that there would be some improvement to the actual device games itself, but they are still fairly low resolution and slow.  Most of them are not very educational, and repeat the same basic tasks over and over.  A few accelerometer based games are fun, as are the silly camera applications.  My kids had a great time playing with them, but there is a limit to what you can do with the device.  My kids tried one of the eBooks that came with the tablet (there is a free cartridge included), but navigation was hard because the interface was so slow.  This screen seems less sensitive to a finger than the original, so you really need the stylus.  Many times my kids were not sure if they had clicked a button and it was "thinking", or if their click had not registered.  Sometimes it took several taps with the stylus for anything to happen.  It was a frustrating experience compounded by the fact they still play with the InnoTab 1 and that one runs faster!Let's talk cost of ownership.  The InnoTab 2S costs $100.  InnoTab rechargeable batteries plus AC adapter will set you back $30.  Add another $20 for an SD card (not included).  You're up to $150 when you can get a Kindle Fire for $159.  Each game cartridge is $25 and the downloadable apps range in price from $3-$7.  In other words, you can hit $200 really quickly.  But $200 will get you a Kindle Fire HD which comes with rechargeable batteries, more memory, far more free apps, and many apps that cost $1 (and turns on in a second).My conclusion?  I received this to evaluate, but I can't see myself wanting to even spend an additional $25 for a game cartridge when I know I can get better games on an inexpensive Android tablet that will run faster and smoother (and for less money).  The only advantage of the InnoTab is durability, but other than that, I can't really recommend this device in today's world of inexpensive real tablets.  The low quality applications and limited capabilities might have warranted 3-4 stars if the device weren't so mind-numbingly slow.  Every button you click requires a 10-15 second lag while it loads the next screen.  This hardware is well past its expiration date.  The durable plastic shell and form factor are great, but InnoTab needs to update their processor to make a kids tablet to compete in the modern world.
So, what is this thing?  Well, it's trying to be an iphone for kids.  It's a pretty sizeable device, actually - about 6"x9".  The screen itself really isn't all that much bigger than one on an iphone 5, only with far less clarity and quality.  It has "apps" - with square icons to click on.  You can slide the screen to the left or right to get to more icon screens.  You can create a "profile" so when you use the device it has your photo/settings setup.  You can use this thing to play games that are on the device or cartridges you buy, you can draw/paint, you can take photos/videos, you can listen to music.All of that would be pretty fun if it wasn't such an unresponsive, slow, clunky device to use.-Let's talk about that screen:  I, and my nephew, found it CRAZY unresponsive.  We had to press - over and over - on an icon to get it to work.  Using your fingers won't work.  There is an included stylus, in the rear of the unit, but we all know that will get lost in no time.  They do include a second one with the device, but you know that will end up in a drawer and long forgotten.  The screen's display quality isn't all that great - and I'm sure they went cheap figuring it's just a kids' toy.  But kids today expect a lot from their toys - more now than ever.  When daddy's iphone can play Elmo videos in seconds, waiting for this thing to load seems like an eternity.-Let's talk about speed:  It's SLOW. Slow to boot up, slow to load any apps - you quickly lose patience with this.  My 3 year old quickly learned to read "Loading" because you see that screen A LOT.  Even using apps - like switching colors in the paint screen to taking a photo - it's just slow.  Unresponsive.  Laggy.  I can tell they got some deal on old processors from Korea and jammed them into this thing.-Oh don't get me started on the wi-fi capability.  Again, here is where the device shows it's clunkiness.  To activate the wi-fi capability, you actually have to PLUG IT IN to your computer and download a program to your PC in order to activate / setup the wi-fi!!!  OH I was FURIOUS at that!  This is how I expect wi-fi to work on anything: you hit the wi-fi button, find your router and enter your password and BOOM, done.  But NO - this thing wants you do download more crap to your PC (spyware, anyone?) in order to register the device and activate the wi-fi.  Stupid.  STUPID DESIGN.-Typing on this thing is insane.  I tried the "Notes" app and that video keyboard is impossible to use.  I can't tell you how long it took to type out 7 words.  It almost always chose the wrong letter when I pressed on it - even when the letter I wanted was highlighted!  It was maddening.-What bothered me a lot was that we had a cartridge plugged in, but the "cartridge" icon was dim, ie: it didn't "see" the cartridge!  SO ANNOYING.-This big clunky thing will quickly become forgotten by my nephew.  For now, I'll just let him still play with my iphone from time to time....
This is basically the upgraded version of the old vTech kid laptops for the iPad age. Instead of a keyboard and mouse, the device has a touchscreen. Otherwise, it's just as sturdy and kid-friendly as older devices. The device has wireless connectivity (which means, parents, that you'll have to add this to your wireless networks). Your connection speed isn't that important because unfortauntely this device works extremely slowly even when displaying local content, sometimes taking over 30 seconds to display a new screen. Prepare to sit and wait. I can't get over how slow this display is! The internet connection does not mean your child can browse the internet by the way - it's just used to download apps, which your child can add to a "wish list" that will be emailed to you. The apps are (in my opinion) seriously overpriced and, really, not that great. This device costs $99 - if you save up a little more you can buy a Kindle Fire or a basic iPad, which will give you many more possibilities, a much more responsive screen, and many more educational apps at much lower prices. The only disadvantage to that approach is that you have to make sure your little one is careful with your device - which is just about the only advantage I see to getting this InnoTab instead: durability. Aside from that, I can't recommend it.
My doll-loving four-year-old daughter found her Baby Wanna Walk doll very disappointing. It simply wasn't fun to play with. As a doll, it was too stiff and heavy for her to work it into her general doll playing. And the walk feature just didn't work very well. It took adult assistance for a four-year-old to get it to walk and it usually fell down pretty quickly, even on our smooth wood floors. I read the other reviews describing the doll walking all the way across rooms on all kinds of surfaces; our experience has been different. Perhaps there was something wrong with our doll. Regardless, even if it did walk well, I don't think this would have been a favorite for my daughter; it is just too rigid and heavy for her to play dolls with. The doll still makes the occasional appearance as she plays.
I was excited about playing this game with my kids, but it turned out to be a disappointment.  Like other reviewers stated, it is just too difficult to balance more than a few penguins on the boat before it tips over.  The most we put on was five, and they have to be clustered around the mast.  Placing the penguins anywhere else on the boat results in immediate capsizing.The first day we played it a couple of times, but then they lost interest.  We tried getting it out again a few days ago, but my son did not even want to balance the boat on the wave.  He just wanted to place it flat on the ground and put the penguins on it.  Needless to say, that is not very fun either.  On the positive side, the penguins are cute and probably will join the Little People in pretend play, but the rest is probably destined to be recycled.
This is, quite possibly, the worst of the Elmo toys.  The original Tickle Me Elmo was great, innovative, and adorable.  This version is attempting to pull from the success of that toy, but fails miserably.  It's awkward to look at, doesn't work all that well as far as the tickling goes, and it's incredibly annoying.I would avoid it and just go with the original Tickle Me Elmo.
Here's the 2012 version of the once-upon-a-time-really-popular Tickle Me Elmo.  It seems to me that the general popularity of Elmo has been in decline, as many of my youngest's friends care nothing for the little red monster, whereas my older kids and their friends all loved Elmo. This toy is really small, especially since we owned several old Tickle Me Elmos.  It cannot stand up.  Elmo's hideous laughs continue to annoy adults like yours truly, but in this version the sound is softer and actually less authentic than in the past. It gets old really quick; my own kids spent no more than 3 or 4 minutes with it and quickly lost all interest.BTW, the battery compartment is a pain to get to, and it's quite a challenge to take out or install batteries.  The Dorithy Fish thing is simply laughably silly.  Looking at Elmo lying there helplessly waiting for someone to make him laugh - and collecting dust, I can't help but feel some pity.  Wait a minute, I should take out the batteries and put them to good use and not trash our environment needlessly...
I spend more time assemble this toy that the time my son played with chuck tornado, the toy has good quality and the design is nice, bright colors but was boring.
This toy does not stay together well. Many of the attached parts fall or snap off far too easily. It does not have much stability and easily gets tipped over especially on carpet. The elevator ramp requires a deft touch to raise and lower without accidentally yanking it off.That said, if you have a child that is mature and gentle enough to play with a toy softly and as intended, then this toy can be entertaining. But if your child is a Tasmanian devil, forget about it.The truck is well made and slides down the track reliably and fast. There are a lot of buttons that trigger vocalizations that "interact" with your child.I've listed a lot of negatives, but at a price point of $16, it can be worth it for the correct child.UPDATE Aug 2013: The durability of this product is poor. It became unusable rather quickly because multiple parts of the track won't stay together properly.
Well, this thing doesn't do too much, and the kids got bored of it pretty quickly.-Assembly was easy.  You don't need tools, unless you count the screwdriver needed to open the battery compartment.-There are two areas where, when activated, it makes noise.  One is at the base in the front - there's like a little bay/parking spot for the truck.  It makes a bunch of noises and talks about checking under his tires etc.  Not too repetitive, but still gets old quick.  The second place is where the truck makes a jump, and it's always either some people screaming or engine revving or cheers.-Here's what this thing actually does:  You take the little truck-guy, put him on the orange elevator thing you see on the right, and manually lift that up to the top.  This is annoying, because there's no good place to grab it, and if try using just one hand, you'll likely tip over the whole toy.  At the top, you have to push the truck down a track, which it zooms down and flips around upside-down for a bit, then makes a jump at the end and onto the floor, while the 2 plastic flags pop out and you get some kinda noise.-My kids - ages 5 and 7 liked it well enough but weren't that thrilled with it.  They soon got tired of the elevator thing and instead just put the truck on top, and watch it go down the twisty track.  They liked the sounds and stuff but really, there's not too much to the toy itself.  We're leaving this at Grandmas and letting any visiting kids play with it there.
My son loves cars and race tracks so I thought this would be right up his alley. Sure enough, I opened the box, put it together and he maniacally played with it...for two hours. The next day, he played with it for a few more hours. By the third day, he spent some minutes with it but showed little interest otherwise. This, from a kid who normally has a long attention span.The problem is, there isn't much to do with this. Sure it looks awesome, but you can only see the car spinning down so many times. And even though the box says it has over "30+ sounds and phrases!" it gets old really quick. Even to young ears. These days, he just plays with the little truck that comes with it independent of the track.From the parent perspective, I had a hard time putting this together. The pieces don't fit well: track pieces kept popping out, one of the stands was supposed to insert into two places but I could only get it to fit in one place. The landing has a tendency to rise up so my husband put a rubber band to attach it to the main piece. The flags don't work. In the end, I don't think this toy is worth the trouble or the money.
This Shark Exhibit Thomas the Train toy is a bit unusual.  My daughter loves trains, so we thought this would be a great fit for her, but ultimately it mostly falls flat.  She primarily plays with the little train on its own, without really using the exhibit very much at all.First of all, the connection between the train theme and the shark exhibit is somewhat tenuous.  It's not really clear to anyone in our home why there is a train in an aquarium or why a shark would be dropping down small platforms into a tiny tank.  The giant shark head that opens and closes is fun, and our daughter occasionally likes to "hide" the train in its mouth, but that's really about the extent of the enjoyment we get from the whole shark setup.The other issue is with the intended portability of the toy.  It does fold up, but the consequence of that is that the top train track doesn't stay together very well and is quite weak.  The added benefit of portability doesn't seem that fabulous - we have never packed this toy up to take it anywhere and I doubt that we would do that with a toy with so many small parts (the train, the tank, the shark) that could easily get lost in transport.I can't really recommend this toy - there are a ton of better quality and more educational train toys out there.  I would suggest investing in one of those.
Not much fun, poorly designed, and poorly constructed.This is our first (and will likely be our only) Take N Play.The set has very limited play value. You put Thomas in the shark's mouth, close it's mouth, and Thomas goes down the ramps to end up at the bottom. Oh, and triggering Thomas also makes a small plastic shark drop into a plastic tank car that Thomas can pull. Even if it could consistently function, it would be pretty boring.The plastic is cheap and flexible, and the connections for the moving parts are very loose. This makes it very difficult to keep the elevated sections of track lined up. When you operate the shark's mouth, the whole setup moves and bends.The tank car is a solid piece of plastic. The wheels aren't real. The car, when attached to Thomas, just floats in back of him.The small plastic shark is very small. It is definitely a choking hazard for young children.For a Take N Play, the pieces don't really stay contained in the play set when it is folded up since it does't form a case. The afore mentioned small shark falls out easily, and even the train cars can fall out.I don't recommend this.