I received this puzzle and a jumbo 24 piece Ravensburger puzzle at the same time and found that this one suffered in comparison.  Our family loves puzzles and this one is ok - but it also costs 50% more for lower quality.The Mudpuppy puzzle comes in a nice box, easy to close with tab and a string handle for easy carrying.  The pieces are large enough for little hands to easily manipulate, however they do not lock together as securely as they could and they are not as thick or durable as the comparable Ravensburger.  While those withstood my son's desire to drool on the pieces and a gentle wipe down with a damp cloth, these began quickly dissolving at the edges, becoming even harder to fit together.I also thought the style of the artwork was not particularly attractive.  The picture did contain real animals instead of some of the fantasy scenes geared towards children.  However,  I found the colors more subdued and the more stylistic artwork less appealing.Overall, it's not a bad puzzle,  but higher quality is available at a lower cost.
The At the Zoo Jumbo puzzle is very cute.  The colors are lovely and the art is whimsical and fun.  The puzzle is nice and large.  It was fun for the kids to put together.  I was slightly disappointed in the quality.  We had recently put together a Ravensberg puzzle and this puzzle does not compare.  The pieces did not feel thick or smooth like the Ravensberg puzzle.  The sides of the pieces weren't as rounded.  I liked the box and it makes it easy to put this puzzle away.  Overall this is pretty puzzle that is lots of fun.
I'd say this game is best if you're entertaining a large crowd.  It really wouldn't work for small groups.  The minimum possible would be four players.While some of the cards are really entertaining and can lead to funny situations, they do become redundant after a while.  I wouldn't guess this one is destined to become a classic.  I played it once and that was plenty.Ages 13 and up.
This game was fun for a little while but quickly grew old.  The Consensus from everyone was that it wouldn't be as fun to play a second time as at first it was novel but quickly became old hat.  The basic idea of the game is everyone gets a card with different tasks to get someone else in the group to do.  Everyone starts with the same amount of bead necklaces and when you get another person to do the task you get one of their beads.  This game would be good with a new group but if there is any members that have played would not be as fun and the ones that have played before would have an unfair advantage.
I initially got this game out at a family get together thinking that it was some sort of board game, it's not. But that doesn't mean that it isn't fun. It just takes a little planning ahead to make sure you get it out at the right time.The next time we had a big group over I got the game out ahead of time and knew how to prepare for the get together. I would definitely recommend this game for larger groups since the reserved dynamics of small groups can really impede the fun of the game.We had a fun time stealing beads from each other for all sorts of silly reasons. We also learned a lot about each other and I would recommend this game as a fun ice breaker for parties where people don't know each other very well.In the right situation, this can be a very fun game, just make sure you break it out at the right time!
Party Gras is a fun game, IF you have a couple of things readily available:1. A Large Group of People - Party Gras shows a minimum of 4 players, but that is too small a group to play. Party Gras is best played with a group of 10 or more.2. People willing to be goofy. - You really have to lose your inhabitions playing Party Gras. If you have some party poopers, afraid to look foolish, then they will hate this game.3. Adult Beverages - This can REALLY help with loosening people up.The whole idea of Party Gras is to complete tasks given on a card - For instance getting another player to ask you to lower your voice, meaning you have to begin talking loudly until someone asks you to quiet down. To win the gamye you have to collect beads from other players while giving yours away. But in reality, Party Gras's main purpose is get folks laughing and having a good time, it's not really about winning or losing.
Party Gras, for ages 13 and older, is a fun game designed by Randy Horn for Zobmondo!!Entertainment LLC.The game comes with strings of beads which players divide amongst themselves and place around their necks to start the game. Each player is given two challenge cards, each one which features three challenges from these categories: Mind Control; Caught in the Act; Talk It Out; Fashion Police; and Go Crazy & Challenge. Players take beads from other players, depending on how challenges are met ... or not.The instructions are easy to understand and the game is very easy to play. I think the game is more for adults than junior high students, and definitely is more fun at parties or larger groups than with just 4-6 players.Because it is a party game, Party Gras likely won't be pulled out often from your game closet.  While I had fun playing it is not really my kind of game, so it will stay on my shelf a big longer.
I love playing board games and was excited to get Party Gras. It wasn't exactly what I thought it would be and isn't a strategy based game, like I generally play. This is the sort of game that would be perfect for a large party gathering where people want to play a group game and can pay attention. My friend groups aren't the sort to enjoy this game but I can see that some people would like it.
Party Gras is, at least in concept, an excellent way to get a party going if you find yourself in a large gathering of people who aren't all that familiar with each other and need an excuse to break out of their individual cliques and mingle.  With that said, though, when I'm invited to a party, it's usually with a group of ten to twenty people who are already familiar in at least one way or another.The idea behind the game is to have everyone compete for beads (it's so much easier to "win" beads in New Orleans, at least for the ladies) that each person wears around their neck.  In order to win the beads, you have to convince someone to perform a task posted on the 300 cards provided with the game.  The cards are broken into five categories:  Mind Control, Caught In The Act, Talk It Out, Fashion Police, Go Crazy & Challenge.  Once they perform the task or fit the description on the card, you collect the number of beads that the card says to take.When the game is over, the person with the most beads wins.I personally believe that this game works best at office parties and/or conventions as an icebreaker for people who either rarely talk to each other or are meeting for the first time.  Also, I highly recommend adding alcohol to the game for the simple fact that it will loosen up people a bit in order to get things going.If you have a bunch of friends over at your house whom you are already familiar with, you can take the game a step farther and add your own tasks to help keep the game interesting.Overall, a decent game to play with a very large group.  If you're dealing with less than twenty people, though, add alcohol!
Fun: Depends on group, dynamic, and willingness to lose inhibitions.Game Value: Pretty pricey for actual contents.Replayability: Only with different groups, same people would not do more than once.Party Gras is one of those adult party games that can go either way depending on the circumstances in which it is played. It's not the sort of game that one sits down to enjoy exactly. It is more about integrating game action into an actual get-together. I don't really see it as a family game. I think it would be far more successful as either a casual ice breaker in a formal group setting (such as a work seminar) or as a drinking game in a party setting. I've been known to do my share of wacky antics to gather worthless beads while in an inebriated state, and this game utilizes my shamelessness and lack of dignity to great affect. However, for the game to be at all successful, you must have people who are willing to experience it to a full degree of participation and not be overly reserved.The game is simple enough. While four is a minimum number of players, the game works much better with larger groups. There are mission cards that you may try to fulfill as you work the party scene. If you are successful, you gather the aforementioned beads (don't worry, there are no inappropriate flashing of body parts).Cards examples:Caught in the Act: Find someone texting.Mind Control: Have someone refuse to take out your trash.Talk it Out: Find someone who thinks werewolves are cooler than vampires.Challenge: Simple physical competition like staring contest.Go Crazy: Wacky stunt like acting like a dog.Upon the successful completion of a card, you can earn a beaded necklace and once it is decided the game is over--the victor has the most beads.Not everyone is going to love this game. If you are with an uptight group, it won't particularly fly. Also, although the game can be relatively short--it might not hold interest for very long, especially if I'm trying to make another drink! Fun once, I probably won't pull it out again. KGHarris, 12/11.
This game is a little different! My family was excited to see it on Christmas Day and wanted to play right away. We discovered that this is a game that is best played with a larger crowd, especially if people don't know each other well or are meeting for the first time. Because some of the tasks in the game require that people be open to approaching strangers, and also open to doing/saying some pretty random things, it's not a game for the shy - AT ALL. We thought that it was fun, but would be much more fun in a true party circumstance. I have to say, though, that there are definitely adults who would refuse to do some of the actions printed on some of the cards because of the silliness factor of the actions. Definitely know your crowd before using this game, or it will very possibly be a flop. Another thing that concerns me is that someone could throw the game by just refusing to do whatever they could perceive as someone else's attempt to steal their beads - I mean, what competitive person is NOT going to be sensitive to others being competitive, suspicious that someone is just trying to steal their beads? For that reason, this game might be an anti-ice-breaker. So, I guess the game is pretty average, overall. It's a good idea, but will not work in some circumstances.
We played over the Holidays with a mixed age group with family members and had fun, but then played among a group of friends all in the same  age group and it was so so. (30-40) The game is a nice way to get to know people and such and requires interaction and things to do that can be fun for everyone. I think the replay might be a bit limited, It all comes down to how out going everyone in the group is. It is a party game and very festive, but sometimes on game night people just want to chill and play cards.. this game is not that.The case it comes in is very different than any other game on the market and  a little noisy to carry around.
This game has some good possibilities in a large group as a means to get people talking and mingling but as a family game it was a dud.  The concept was better than the follow-thru.  It was more of an annoyance than a game and most of the participants continued to play only as good sports accomodating the hostess than because they had fun doing it.  The "activities" are kinda lame, not really very imaginative, and if you already know everyone (as in a family) them many of the challenges are just not there.  I could see using this at a block party, church social or a very tame method of corporate bonding exercise, but really, the most creative part of the whole package was the name. Meh. No recommendations here.
Party Gras is a great party game.  Players can range from teens to lively adults.  The game comes packaged in a clear, durable plastic tote bag versus the typical game box.  The plastic case makes it easy to transport from one party to the next.  The bright, festive, eye-catching colors is what drew me to this game.  I think that most groups of 4 or more will enjoy playing this game if the participants are outgoing and have a good sense of humor.  This game is not for introverts or for someone seeking a high educational value from a game.  Party Gras is a great ice breaker, good humorous family/friend fun, and a welcomed change from board games that keep you seated.  Start the holidays and new year off with something different...Party Gras.  If you tire of this game, just find another person that likes games and do an exchange.
If I'm being honest, I must mention that although this game specifies 'thirteen and older' as its primary audience, the reality is that twelve and under kids are most likely going to enjoy this game. It's a party game that families can play, but accomplishing the tasks on the cards is more like kid-oriented fun. Gathering beads in order to win is the object, but unlike the real Mardi Gras there is no "adults only" behavior involved. I rated the durability high, but again this is a game that should appeal to younger kids - who are prone to losing things like the strings of beads or the cards. The game comes in kind of a cool clear, soft vinyl case. I liked the "mind control" category the best, which entails a little more subtle strategy that getting someone to refuse to pick your trash or finding someone who likes vampires more than werewolves. This is a game I can't imagine bringing out very often and its kind of expensive for what it is.
The game itself is fine. We bought it - used it in a group - people kind of faked having fun and then took the beads with them when they left as a souvenir. We didn't protest, because that might have been the most fun part of the game - the beads.I can see that it would be a nice game to play as an icebreaker for a conference or something where you can basically force people into a social game, but otherwise - in our experience, the crowd participation starts to dissipate.Because of the included beads - I would not encourage this as a drinking game, because the urge for someone to turn your living room into Bourbon Street might be just a little too hard for some friends to pass up...
This a fun game to get people to loosen up. It requires people to actually move around and engage each other in conversation (and not intellectually).  As others have said, this is a game for those to let their inhibitions down.  If you are in a group of people who don't like "meaningless" conversations or activities, then this will not be for you. For a large party, this game will get people mingling and interacting with each other.  This is definitely a game that works best with more people.  Have fun, relax, enjoy it.  It's only a game.
My son is 7 and very smart so I thought this could be a good intro to simple programming.  It is definitely a few years beyond him.  I didn't realize that Recon would do nothing at all on a basic toy level--it is all somewhat serious programming.  There's really nothing my son can do with it at this point so we will be storing it away for future use.  Once he gets to the level he needs to be, I'm sure this will be a delightful learning toy.
The Smart Lab programmable Rover has much to recommend it - it's programmable, it records and plays sounds, it is really kind of cool!  On the other hand, though, it's slow, not particularly "tough" (durable), and does not give instant feedback.I suggest that it is a good toy for a kid to take the first steps towards learning computer programming, because it is clearly different than a "remote control" toy.  When I first ran it down the hall, my boys wanted to know how I was driving it!  Like a computer program, you write the program, and then run it to test it - without the instant feedback of a remote control toy.  And my seven year old had no problem programming it, after just two minutes of instruction from me.  In that respect, I recommend it as educational!Unfortunately, that also makes it less fun as a toy.  It would be better if it drove FASTER, but top speed is really pokey - I'd estimate about 15 feet per minute - so it requires a lot of patience to wait to watch what it's going to do next.  Also, while it isn't particularly loud, it IS too loud for it to sneak up on anyone.  My boys heard it a room away, over the sound of "Word Girl" on TV, and came running to see what I was doing.  Finally, "C" batteries - is there anything else that still uses that size?So, I have mixed feelings - the Rover is good, but could be a lot better.
We were extremely excited about our SmartLab ReCon robot. When I took it out of the box, my first thoughts were, he is pretty cool! But after trying three times to program him to do a simple task, I put it aside thinking it would be easier for my husband to figure out. I am simply to stupid to figure this out. Well, he was able to program it easy enough but he is a genius. The programming he explains is actually simple enough. There are steps were you can program him to do what you need him to do. Step 1, Step 2, and so on. Just put in what you want him to do.SmartLab ReCon 6.0 Programmable Rover includes the1 Programmable rover1 48 page full-color book1 Tape measure1 Owner's manualRequires 3 C batteries not includedPluses:No computer is necessaryKids can learn how to do simple programming using math they are learning in school. Simple measurements can get him from point A to point BHe has headlights so you can see him coming at night.You can record sounds into him along with his pre-programmed sounds.There is a little space in the back for you to send a treat to someone on one of his programmed missions.Minuses:He is limited.Slow, sometimes it takes so long for him to get from point A to point B you stop waiting for himEverything has to be methodically mapped out that kids may lose interest in the long term.For $60.00 he is a good learning tool but not for the long haul.
This was my family's very first Scene It game, and overall we were not terribly impressed.  We were expecting a simple board game with questions, games, and puzzles coming from the enclosed DVD.  In reality, while the DVD was indeed fun and interactive, the game play was unnecessarily complicated and clunky, forcing us parents to constantly refer to the DVD tutorial or the enclosed instructions.  Even by the end of our first 45-minute game, I was still not convinced that we were following all the directions correctly regarding the trivia card categories, the Buzz cards, the DVD options, the tokens, and rules such as if a player answers another player's question when it's not their turn, they can move two places or take a Buzz card, but if the actual player gets their own question correct, they don't get either of those things, they just get to keep playing.  Or something.  I'm still confused.What started out as a family game quickly because a mild distraction for the parents only, as my daughter quickly lost interest in 30-second video clips and game play that prompted her frustrated parents to keep checking the rule book.  So, in the end, my wife and I played the game.  The questions were fairly balanced between classic animated Disney and new Disney, though I noticed a bit more Pixar and modern Disney (High School Musical, Narnia) in the mix.  Despite Mickey and Pluto prominently appearing on the box, we never encountered a single question that related to any short subjects.  This was all movie trivia, about 70% from 1995-2010 films.  I was amused and perplexed by the choice of tokens, reflecting modern Disney most of all.  Buzz and Wall-E were the Pixar selections, and for the other two: Tinkerbell and (surprise) Rapunzel, whose film has not yet been released and who never appears anywhere in the game to my knowledge.Nevertheless, despite the frustrating game play itself, the DVD delivered.  It was indeed fun, and the clips (ranging in our game from Snow White to Monsters, Inc.) were high-quality and forced you to pay attention.  This edition also includes some "bonus games," which are basically excuses to play with the DVD without bothering with the board game.  There's a variation of charades and related fun.Overall, I doubt we'll be sitting down for a full board game of Scene It very often.  If more than a week goes by, we'll forget the rules and be forced to start the learning process over again.  The DVD, however, might get some use as occasional family fun during dinner.  I give the board game 2 stars, and the DVD content 4 stars.  All together, that equals a 3 for this slightly recommended board game.  I would, however, more highly recommend one of Disney's older CD-ROM trivia games such as "The D Show."  It was much more fun, if you can find a system still able to play it.
We have noticed that many of these Scene It games lately have had poorer and poorer quality in game pieces and boards.  This one is no different.  Plus, this particular version is focused on the newer Disney shows, i.e. Disney CHANNEL shows, and not so much the movies.  It is for the avid Disney buff and quite honestly, most boys have not seen all the Disney fairy princess movies so they're at a bit of a disadvantage in this game.  There's a span here of age groups. Those of us that grew up with all the Disney princess movies (and I mean the OLD ones) have quite a bit of fun with this thing.  Plus, we've seen the newer shows so hey, we can beat just about anyone!  But, if you have all boys in the house, you might want to go for a Battleship game.  They just won't know all the princess films that are a must to win the game, nor will they know all the new girl-focused Disney channel shows like "Shake It Up."Based on these features, I can recommend the game but again, it just depends on who's playing.  Take it to your grandparents house -they'll have a ball with it!
"Scene It? Disney Magical Moments" is yet another Disney-centric "Scene It?" aimed at the legion of Disney fans out there. For the uninitiated, "Scene It?" is a DVD board game in which players answer trivia questions about films and other pop culture items, utilizing trivia cards and DVD-based video and audio clips ("Scene It?" is also sold for PC and gaming consoles).Unlike earlier releases, where a fair amount of focus was spent on Disney classics as well as newer films, the latest Disney "Scene It?" game is far more skewed towards newer Disney pop culture and newer Disney characters than previous versions (incorporating material from the very latest Pixar films and straight-to-video releases). This makes "Scene It? Disney Magical Moments" appealing primarily to rabid younger fans (you know, the ones who alternate between watching DVD viewings of "Bolt", "Hannah Montana: The Movie", "Phineas and Ferb" and "High School Musical 3", ad nauseam); those who have been weaned on earlier Disney classics must settle for an occasional bone thrown at them. This is not inherently a bad thing, but it does limit the appeal of this game to the younger set, as older fans simply won't be familiar with much (if not most) of the material.The board, pieces and gaming mechanics are standard "Scene It?" issue, which means that while it works well enough, if you're looking for a fresh take on the "Scene It?" franchise, look elsewhere. As is usual with all "Scene It?" games, expect eventually to run into the same audio and video clips over and over again with repeated gameplay.In fact, the kiddie-friendly blandness of both the gameplay and the choice in more recent Disney-centric pop culture means that older adults are going to find this game a tough slog to sit through (and this goes for dedicated older Pixar fans, as well). Unfortunately, unless you have a willing teen-aged babysitter of some sort, it will likely be a necessary slog, particularly if you intend on playing this with younger children (the primary audience for this game), as the physical gameplay mechanics (and a fair amount of the questions) are a bit too complicated for younger children to handle on their own. This means that an adult (or at least a savvy 11 year-old) will definitely be needed to oversee the gameplay for the 6-10 year-old age group.In all, if you or your family have enjoyed previous Disney-centric "Scene It?" games, and are a big fan of more recent Disney pop culture, you'll probably find something to like in "Scene It? Disney Magical Moments". All others should give the earlier Disney "Scene It?" games a spin before this one, as they contain a more even ratio of older-to-newer Disney pop culture material, which gives the older set a slightly better shot at enjoying (or at least tolerating) this ultimately juvenile game series.
This was the first time we've played a "Scene It?" game, so most of my feedback revolves around the format instead of the specific version.  Also, we only played it once, and I have not been able to get my 7-year-old interested in playing it again.First, after playing this I've realized there's a LOT about Disney movies I have no clue about.  The questions are very challenging.  Fortunately, kids can get the easy kid's questions instead of the grown-up questions.  Second, I was disappointed that in the course of normal game play we only got to play one video.  I thought each question would involve watching a video clip but mostly you use the DVD as a timer, or for some other games.  This is luck of the die, but still, I wasn't thrilled.  Also, there wasn't enough Pixar in this one.  Our kids love Pixar, but don't necessarily know or care for the more obscure Disney films from the 1960's.  Buzz Lightyear trumps "The Rescuers."A great thing about this game is that if you want to make the game shorter, you fold the game board up into a smaller shape.  Very handy, very easy.  The format of the game supports grown-ups play with young children.  Hopefully I'll be able to talk my kid into playing this again soon.
I'll admit, I'm as big a consumer as anyone. I purchase plenty of merchandise I don't really need -- it's the "American Way," I suppose. Nonetheless, I am always loathe to see grotesque exploitation (especially of a title that targets children/young people). While I thought the originalScene It? Twilight Deluxe Editionwas a little premature in its release, now I understand the reasoning. To release yet another Scene It? a mere two films later is simply preposterous. And how long before that "complete edition" hits shelves ... and then, the "ultimate edition" ... and, then ... well you see the point.Perhaps of equal concern, while this is the "deluxe" product (and priced as such), it is not packaged in a "keepsake" tin. (Those with the "deluxe" version of Scene It? know what I mean). This is just a regular cardboard box. A pity. At least a metal container would have (almost) justified the price.If you have read this far and maintained an open-mind (instead of simply clicking "not helpful"), I can tell you for whom this product is perfect. Buy this edition if your child does not already have the earlier version. Obviously, it is more comprehensive ... and it certainly is more challenging. And, yes, it is tremendous fun. However, do not allow your child to become a victim of the "Hot Topic" mentality ... owning the official Twilight Snuggie, toothbrush, all five breath-mint tins, and the fingerless gloves does make a person a "bigger fan." It makes that person a cliche (and, more relevant to this review,  a marketer's dream).If you already have the first version (or both deluxe and regular editions of the first version) pick this up for fifty-cents at a yard-sale three years from now. Or simply wait for the final, final, final, Stephenie Meyer endorsed edition.
Enclosed in this box is not just one game, but three!  Twilight Scene it includes questions based off the first three movies in the Twilight saga-- Twilight, New Moon, and Eclipse.  The board game folds together to form a quick game or folds out to form a longer game.As far as game play goes, Twilight Scene It follows suit with the other Scene It games.  There are questions that are playable on your DVD player and questions you read off of cards depending on what dice you roll.  You move a token (of which this game comes with four) around the board until you reach home base and answer the final question of the game.I found the DVD menu's to be a little slow, but overall, the DVD worked fine in my player.  The questions are all aimed at the movies, so this game is not for fans solely of the book series.DVD games aren't my favorite genre, but this one wasn't too bad.  The New Moon questions, from what I can tell, are pretty easy, but me and the the other players in my demo game got stumped a few times on the Twilight and Eclipse ones!  This game is perfect for your next 'Twilight' party or even a movie release party!  If you are in love with the Twilight movies, I think you'll be in love with this game set, too!
My Twilight-obsessed teenage daughter and her friends played this game several times.They enjoyed the trivia questions, but preferred to dispense with the game board. They were more interested in the clips and outdoing each other with their vast Twilight knowledge than the details of the board game itself. They especially enjoyed the fact that all three movies released to date were included in this edition.That being said, it is a great sleepover game for teenage girls who are in to Twilight (aren't they all)? If you're looking for a great tween gift or planning a party or sleepover, this is a good choice.
I ordered this game because my two children, aged 7 and 12, love games and they also love Rudolph.The game is basically a combination board game/ dvd game.  The DVD shows some clips from the movie and the game action is in the form of moving your pieces on the board.The kids were excited to try it.  It was simple for them to understand and they seemed to enjoy playing.  However, they only played with it one time.  It's been a few weeks since they got it and they haven't gotten it out again.  This isn't typical of them since they enjoy playing games.  So, I assume that they didn't find it all that enjoyable.If you or your loved one is an avid fan of Rudolph, it might be worth purchasing.  If you are only a passing fan, then you may not get much pleasure from this game.
My editorial review:The Rudolf DVD game is geared toward kids, but is a good option for the Rudolf-loving family game night.  If you've played Scene-It, the gameplay and DVD usage is very similar.  Most of the questions and games are pretty easy, and they mirror some of the same types of challenges in Scene-It.  The difficulty is reduced for younger kids.  My 7 and 9 year olds had very few problems playing the game on their own once I had played a couple rounds with them.  Most game-related instructions are both spoken and shown on the screen so that players with limited reading skill can still play.  The time per game is pretty accurate at 30-45 minutes.  It is limited to 4 players, though you could have more than four work as teams to answer the minigame challenges.The object is to collect and return the toys which have been scattered across the land.  You roll a die to move your character onto a toy-token, then successfully win the on-screen minigame to collect that token.  Collect 3 tokens of different colors to win.  At the same time, the Bumble (which is controlled by the game) is also trying to steal the toys.  If he steals 6 before any player collects 3, the game is over.  Therefore, the gameplay is a mix of board-based movement and on-screen games and instructions.As an adult, I really appreciate that all the graphics, characters, and scenes are from the original movie.  They did a good job of keeping the look of the game consistent with the original rather than resorting to computer-graphics likeRudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer & the Island of Misfit Toys.  The packaging is nice and everything fits well back into the box.  I would have liked a plastic jewel case for the dvd rather than a cardboard sleeve, though.Overall, the kids like playing it, and it's as enjoyable a flashback for my wife and I to watch and play along or help our kids with some of the answers.  I might not pay the full $20 for it, but at a reasonable discount it would be a good purchase in my mind.Quick assessment:Overall, I think the game is worthy of 3 stars - It's ok.  I like it, and it has potential for a better rating, but there's some gameplay issues.Good points:-All original graphics and scenes (except for the game narrator).-Gameplay suitable for kids on their own-Difficulty applicable to the age range-No reading required for young playersAreas of improvement:-Gameplay speed-Not a lot of strategy or depth-No freeplay or quickplay mode-Instructions not entirely clearDetails behind my opinion and rating:To be 4 stars:The game mechanics need improved.The DVD menu layout should match the game board.  I suspect they rearranged it so that you could easily tell whether to press up/down/left/right on the DVD remote.  To make the screen match the board would mean the regions are in the 4 corners of the screen, meaning you'd need to potentially press in two directions to get to the correct region rather than just one click.  Even so, the screen doesn't have the regions in the same order as the board.The number of toys the Bumble steals should go from 0 at the bottom to 6 at the top.In the voice instructions, it says "Move the Bumble's counter up".  It means "up by one number", but on the game board the numbers increase as you move the counter down.  Only slightly confusing, but for kids, everything should be more clear to avoid mistakes.Add full audio setup instructions with an option to repeat the last message.When setting up for the first time, neither the DVD nor the instructions have the full setup and gameplay procedure.  It takes a combination of the two to do it right.  Once you've played a couple of times, it's easy to understand, but it's frustrating for the first few rounds.  Additionally, there's no option to repeat the instruction last given, so if you miss it, you're stuck figuring it out on your own.  Once you select an option, there's no "undo".  So if you select the wrong region, or accidentally say you've collected 3 toys, the game doesn't give you a chance to correct your mistake.For 5 stars:Speed up the gameplay.The transitions between actions occurring (Bumble moving, Bumble stealing a toy, and Placing/removing tokens) doesn't flow well.  Often the next person is taking their turn either because the pause is long enough you think you're supposed to, or you're just too impatient to wait for the "Pass the remote to the next player" message.  Often, you'll get two or three instructions per turn, meaning it really slows down the gameplay.  My kids didn't seem to mind, but I lost interest after about two games because of how slow it was to get from one turn to another.  Even allowing you to fast-forward the individual instructions would help.Fix gameplay irregularities.The game seems to try and keep track of how many tokens are on the board and where they are, as well as how many token the Bumble has stolen, but it doesn't always seem to work right.  We've found that it sometimes tells you to put a token on a spot that's already occupied.  The instructions aren't clear if you put a second one down or if you don't.  Once we were told the Bumble stole a toy, but in that region there wasn't one on the board.  These might have been our error as well, but it adds to confusion on occasion.  All of these can be played around, but I didn't get the feeling that the game was truly polished and error-free.  Also, it could do a better job of randomly assigning where to put the tokens.  The Bumble sometimes moves to a region that he's already sitting in.  By telling you to put him where he already is makes it a bit confusing and at the very least adds extra time to the gameplay for no reason.  Lastly, on at least one occasion, if the DVD thinks there's no token in the the region in which you've landed on one, it won't let you select that region's minigame.  Therefore, that player can't play a minigame without potentially messing up the token count of other regions.Allow a free-play mode.I'd really like to be able to play the minigames without the board.  If you're a fan of the movie, it's still fun to play the minigames even if they are a bit easy for adults.  It would be nice to have a "free play" feature.  This could also let you create a "quick play" version that allows 4 people to race to collect all 5 misfit toy tokens of their color by answering questions correctly.In the grand scheme, I do like the game but feel it could have been polished up a bit and it would be much better.  I like the game, but the poor setup procedure, occasional errors in gameplay, and how slow the game progresses are what keep me from giving it a 4-star rating.Other observations:-My contents differ from that in the product description:The "4 Collectible Figurines/ Movers" are really just cardboard cutouts with plastic stands.  They're nice, thick cardboard, better quality than those found in many kids' games, but definitely not collectible figurines.It mentions 9 Yukon Cornelius tokens and only 11 misfit toy tokens.  I'm not sure what those are.  We had 20 toy tokens, the single Bumble token, and the player markers.  Maybe the description is referring to a different game or an earlier version.  All the pieces are included to play the game, they are just different than what the product description calls out.  Amazon's review is functionally the same as what I received, though slightly different than what the pictures
My four year old nephew and I played this Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer game on a chilly and gloomy Saturday afternoon. In order to win the game, you (as Clarice, Rudolph, Santa, or Hermie) have to rescue the misfit toys before Bumble can get to them. The DVD gives you challenges that you have to win in order to get that misfit toy. The mini-games on the DVD include a memory matching game, finishing a song lyric, and a guessing whose voice it is on a sound clip from the movie, along with some other games.My nephew liked the game for about 10 minutes but then got bored and started to make the characters talk to each other. Older children might like this game and play it all the way through a bit better. As for me, I kind of liked the DVD mini-games that we play in order to get the misfit toys the best. It's a great idea for those who have grown up watching Rudolph on TV every year. So it isn't the best game out there but I'm sure that kids 5 and older would find great enjoyment from it.
I played this DVD game with my kids and it was a little lame.  The whole 'misfit toy' cardboard circles were very lame.  The DVD itself had some fun things in it, like short clips and 'guess who wins the race', but there weren't that many things in there.  All-in-all, we played it for 45 minutes and will probably only play it for 45 minutes every year.
I think I am close to the perfect target audience for this game.  I have young children, we like to play games together, and we also enjoy watching our Christmas Classics DVD with the highlight being Rudolph the Red Nosed Reindeer.  Sure, they are a tad young to be able to play (that why I say close) but they usually just play on my or my wife's team.  So when we received this game, we were excited to share another fun family experience.Unfortunately that not how it turned out.  The game is an odd mix of neat nostalgia, bad design choices, and bland gameplay.  Here are the pros and cons as I see them.Pros:* Nostalgia factor.  Rudolph the Red Nosed Reindeer is about as good as it gets in terms of Christmas nostalgia and tradition for many.* Simple gameplay.  the game isn't really that complicated so almost anyone can pick up and play it.* Sturdy packaging.  The box should be able to withstand some "cabinet crush", that is what happens when you stack all those board games on top of each other.Cons:* Weird mix of over-communication and under-communication.  Many times when playing the game, we were left wondering what to do and yet the game is constantly telling you what to do.  Stuff like, is it my turn, when do I roll the dice, etc, and yet after every turn the game say to pass the remote, do this and do that over and over.* Cheap feeling.  I understand using card board for the misfit toys but not using platic or die cast piece for the player tokens, bumble and bumble counter smacks of cost costing.* Confusing board.  Is the north pole one giant x shaped space or four individual spaces?  Where are the demarcation points for each zone?  Things like this take away from the simple gameplay.Debatable:* Like my experience with Disney Scene-it (which is much more fun by the way), games are generally very short with a round lasting around 15 minutes.* Mini-games, which need to be won to earn a misfit toy, lean to the easy side with at least one based on sheer luck.In the end, a game is supopsed to be fun and in this case I am sad to report that my family just didn't have that much of it with this one.  Not a terrible package, but with a few deisgn tweaks it could have been competent.  In my opinion this game would only rate a two but with the benefit of such a great license it earns another star.
This game is pretty fun for young children, in fact we did play it three times when we first opened it. However, it can be very hard to win the key is to get a high roll. If you ae unlucky like I was to roll low number you are out of luck a lot on this game. It is also hard to move all the way over to the other side of the board so that you can try the other "mini games" there were a couple that seemed really fun but I never got to try them because my piece started way over on one side and they were on the other. I like the concept and who doesn't love Rudolph but I really think they could have made it a much more fun game.
This game works for us sometimes.......and sometimes not.The premise for the game is cute.  We love this movie and watch it several times each Christmas, so when I was offered to try out this game, I jumped at the opportunity. Unfortunately, the game didn't always quite work out the way I was hoping it would. The questions were appropriate for my 5 year old and she always gets excited when she answers one correctly.....but she is an extremely sensitive child.  The way this game works, Bumble has an opportunity to steal presents and once he successfully steals 6 presents, *HE* wins the game. This REALLY upsets my daughter. She doesn't mind losing a game to her mommy or her daddy.....or one of her stuffed animals, as they often play with us.....but she has a serious problem losing to a &#34;bad guy&#34; like Bumble.Overall, this game is kind of cute, but we don't get all that excited about it. It's one of those take-it-or-leave-it kind of games, i.e. if the weather is bad and there is absolutely nothing else to do, we'll drag this game out. But we usually pick just about any other activity (over this game) if given the choice.
The Classic Etch A Sketch Magic Screen is a great gadget to introduce kids to sketching in the process of developing some motor skills and hand-eye coordination. Also great at enhancing a kid's imagination. The screen is big enough for big sketches but the lines are terribly thin and faint. The other gripe I have about this thing is when you need to erase what you just sketched on the screen, you have to give it a vigorous shake to be able to erase it. The shaking creates a bit of frustration on my daughter since it doesn't let you erase it with just a light shake, has to be continued vigorous shaking. There must be a better way of erasing than shaking this thing continuously. Its a great classic concept but absolutely needs a more improved approach when you need to erase what you have sketched. It's gotten a so-so attention from my daughter and its been forgotten after a few days.
I got this for my son, who is very creative.  I also have my original Etch A Sketch from when I was a kid.  I can definitely tell a quality difference in the materials.  Of course, most things made now are made cheaper.He loves it, but I have to agree with the other reviews that it does not erase the lines completely and it takes quite a bit of effort and shaking to get it blank again.  Overall, it's okay, but I'll stick with my 'original' original Etch A Sketch! :o)
The basis of the game is to draw a random question, collect hidden answers from your friends, and then try to guess who answered what.  If you're right, you progress.  The more often you're correct in each round, the faster you make your way across the game board, to ultimately win.Ok, with that out of the way... Three stars?  Why three stars??? The game only allows up to six players.  Any more players, and it would just become a bit confusing with so many answers floating around in your head, BUT this type of game, when played with friends, would be much more fun in a larger group.  Your gut is to answer comically, so you have to fight that and put a boring, vanilla answer to throw the judge (ie. your opponent) off, so they don't score as high.  As such, you just get a pile of boring answers, or if you joke around with your friends, you all lose, or the game time is greatly increased.  As an example 'What is the worst sound on earth?' your gut is to write down 'Matt's iPod' or 'Matt's favorite band' or whatever, but you have to put something obvious like 'nails on a chalkboard'.  'Something you never want to give away' With a group of all-married friends in their 30's 'My virginity'. Much funnier than 'My children' or 'My car', etc. Instead of sharing a group joke, you have to water it down.  Boring, or at least, not very amusing.We played 'to win' on the first game, and it took forever, no laughs, not a ton of fun.  Then we played just putting down funny answers, and it was a lot more fun, but also became so easy that there really wasn't any point in playing.I think with a group of like-minded strangers, odd as that might sound, the game would have MUCH longer legs.  Not knowing who is answering what, and being semi-anonymous and free to answer whatever comes to mind would be much more entertaining.  This premise has been done, and done better elsewhere.
This game can be fun if played with the right crowd.  However determining that crowd before you buy the game can be tricky - I think for most people this game will likely fall flat.The object of the game is to read a 'loaded' question (and most of them are really pretty tame) from a card, and guess what the other person's answer would be.  These types of questions I think would be the most fun for young adults/teenagers who know a bit about each other but not too much.  I think it would be much less fun for people who know each other really well - it leaves less open to interpretation and takes some fun out of the game.The game really isn't fun for older adults and not really appropriate for young kids, for a general family board game it's not something I would recommend.  On the other hand I can recommend another game by the same company called Greatest Day Ever - my 5 year old loves this game, and even the adults don't mind it and are happy to play it with her.
Dont' know the price of the game, but shouldn't cost more than $10.Cute game for a 3 year old but probably wouldn't hold the attention of a 5 year old. Teaches logic skills which are a bit advance for the age of the game.A bright, ambitious 4 yr old wouldn't really care this game--they would get bored. Of course at 4 children do get bored very easily lolMy little 4 yr old grandson didn't care for the game much.
I think Ravensburger took this product out of their idea oven a little too soon - it's rather half-baked.  It seems like it really could be a fun game, at least for kids, but even my kids weren't really into it.Basically the game consists of a path which the bunnies hop along.  Each player chooses a color and takes all four bunnies of that color.  Starting with the youngest player and proceeding to the left, each player draws a card and follows the instructions.  There are four different card possibilities:  hopping one, two, or three spaces or turning the carrot one "click".  Turning the carrot opens up a different hole along the path, and if a bunny is on that space, the bunny will fall into the hole.  The object is to be the first to get your bunny to the top of the carrot.The game gets rather boring and repetetive, however.  Not all the spaces open up as holes - some are safe.  Also, only one hole opens at a time.  Hence, there is actually a fairly low chance of a bunny falling into a hole.  We played three times and only had two bunnies fall in.  Furthermore, the picture shows many bunnies of each color on the playing board.  But the instructions don't say anything about starting another bunny, and strategically speaking it doesn't generally make sense to start a new bunny, but rather to try to advance your initial bunny as fast as possible.  The only times you would start a new bunny is if your current bunny falls in a hole or if it would fall in an open hole based on the card you draw.  So probably each player will only have one bunny at a time, thereby further reducing the chance of a bunny falling in a hole.This game could have been a lot more fun if there were more holes, fewer safe spots and more bunnies playing at a time.  Also, for older kids, there needs to be some sort of way to strategize.  As the game is currently, it's all pretty much luck.  Younger kids might enjoy this game a few times, but will probably get bored rather quickly.  Older kids and parents will be bored pretty much immediately.
If you're looking for a good game to use as an intro with small kids into games in general, this isn't a bad option. Easily grasped by young children and pretty quick game play, which is important for kids! I like that there aren't a lot of pieces to track...just 4 pieces per color (4 colors included) and a stack of cards. When you're using a game with kids, the less pieces the better! The game board gets used hard and so far it's held up without a problem.I think a good judge of how fun the game is for kids is, simply, their desire to play it. Our kids typically go for one game of Funny Bunny and then they're done. Better games call for demands from them for back to back rounds, but they do request it, so it's good for a one and done game.
I'm not sure why this has the age range 5-10 on it. There is no reading required, and not even number recognition. If your child can play CandyLand, they can play this. The game play is simple, though the instructions are a little lacking (are you supposed to use all 4 bunnies at once, or focus on one until it falls through and then start a new one until you either win or lose all 4 pieces?) The 5-year-old boy finds it mostly fun, though since anyone can pull the carrot cards and, thus, cause any player's bunny to fall through the hole, he has a harder time not getting upset than in other games where he only has setbacks based on his own actions. Otherwise, it's a reasonably fun game.
My three-year old son enjoys playing this game.  It's simple and straight-forward enough for him to understand and play.  My older nieces and nephews (between ages 5 and 8) got bored with it pretty quickly though.
In the game Funny Bunny, players must get their bunny to make it to the top of the hill.  They do so by drawing cards that tell the number of spaces they can move.  But watch out!  Some spaces cover holes and those bunnies can fall through and have to start over.  Funny Bunny is a cute game, especially since young players will enjoy turning the carrot to make the bunnies of other players fall under the hill, but one round is usually more than enough.  The clicking noise of the carrot is loud and can get on one's nerves after a while.
This is a cute game and fun for little ones but not really much fun for older players.  The premise is simple enough.  Each player has four bunny-shaped playing pieces of the same color and the goal is to hop up to the top of the mountain.  There are cards that tell you how many spaces to move but be careful because there is also a carrot card.  Every time anyone gets the carrot card, they turn the carrot and a hole may manifest beneath where your bunny is standing.  In other words, your bunny may fall down a hole.  Once your bunny is gone, it is no longer in the game so the goal here is to try not to lose all four of your playing pieces.Aside from knowing where the holes are or may appear and perhaps trying not to land where a hole may show up at the player's turn of the carrot, there really isn't much strategic about this game.  It's fun for little children to see the pieces disappear but that's hardly enough to sustain a more mature interest.  So basically it's a silly distraction.If you haven't done so already, read j. sistin "la jeffe" review.  Her 5 year old son eventually started making up his own stories and adventures using the game.  I hope my granddaughter will do something like that.  Using her imagination would give this game an educational value it is mostly missing now.
This game is essentially the same as Kerplunk, it just has a more child-appealing exterior, but bee-ware (sorry, had to) inserting the leaves through the hive is kinda a pain in the bee-hind (i know, i know). However, the game is ridiculously easy to play and no reading is required so it is good for all ages. Game play is generally quick.The leaves are tedious to insert and can easily frustrate younger players if they are unable to put them in, therefore adults are left poking leaf after leaf into the holes (not fun).  My kids also became disgruntled when turning the tree trunk base to allow the next person to take a turn, a few of the bees would dislodge and fall into their bee collection slot. This upset them and they tried to take the fallen bees (and a few more) out of their slot to put back in the hive, they felt as if the game had cheated them, "not fair."All in all, I can't give the game a definite thumbs up or down - it's just so-so.Please Note: As an Amazon Vine Member, I review this item just as I would if I had I purchased it.
One of my grandchildren is 3 and she gets tired of not being able to play some of the more complicated games.  We gave her this game for Christmas and she was thrilled to have a game all her own.  True, as other reviews point out, some of the bees fall and it does take time to set it up--but we laugh as much setting it up as we do playing it so it is time well spent.
This is essentially the game Ker Plunk with a honey bee theme and twice the price. Game play is the same.It is cute, but it is more difficult to set up than Ker Plunk. The rods seem more difficult to line up. It is difficult to rotate the tree after each turn. You have to firmly hold the base and really give it a twist. This often causes more bees to drop, leading to arguments about who gets them. This occurs less frequently with Ker Plunk which uses spherical marbles. The bees' wings in Honey Bee Tree tend to keep them hung up after removing a rod until someone touches the tree. We end up just rotating the entire tree, base and all. That minimizes this problem.The design is nice and the product seems well made. Nevertheless, my preference is for the classic Ker Plunk.
The Honeybee Tree is all about skillfully removing the leaves without waking the bees.  The assembly is very easy.  There are 32 leaf sticks, 30 honey bees, a flower tray base, and old oak tree, and a honey pot.  Who ever has the least amount of bees in their tray at the end of the game is the winner...very simple and a lot of fun.  It takes 2 to 4 players for this game.  It is aimed at ages 3 years and up.  As a parent, I would have to say that due to the choking potential posed by the honey bees and the poking potential of the leaf sticks...that kids 5 years and under should be supervised as they play this game.  My husband and I have enjoyed playing this game, it is simple and fun!
My 21 month old son got this for his 1st birthday and has loved it since. It is very fun to play with. I even enjoy playing with him.My complaints:1. The balls shoot up too strongly and shoot across the room more times than not and have to be retrived from under the couch, etc.2. The spiral track gets out of whack and the balls don't roll down like they should and just sit there on the track.3. My son also got his arm stuck in the shoot and I had to help him get it out.4. It eats through four D batteries pretty quickly. Everytime we get it out to play with, the batteries are dead.Overall it is fun and entertaining but requires constant supervision on my part to help my son keep it running so the balls will continue to shoot out and he doesn't get frustrated with it.I wish they would modify it a little so it run a little more smoothly because it is very fun.
Our 8 month old daughter received this as a gift, and really seems to enjoy watching it. However, I'm starting to think that she gets more enjoyment out of watching me chase after the balls, than out of the toy itself.The force at which the balls pop out is unpredictable, to say the least. On one hand, you can rest assured that they never come out fast enough to cause even the slightest injury. On the other, sometimes the ball will hover over the opening, and other times, it'll get fired high enough that it won't land on the ramp.If you're looking for a quiet toy, run away now. When operational, the motor sounds like aDustBusterand it's mixed with circus music as well as "pop" and "boing" noises. Personally, it doesn't annoy me. But I can see how it could be grating on the nerves if this becomes your child's favorite toy.One last note... our daughter instinctively wants to use this as something to prop herself up with. This toy is much lighter than it looks like, so be especially watchful when you're playing with this.
This stuff seems to work fine and looks good, but being that I am cheap, I will probably try something else next time.  But I am satisfied with the results.
I was really excited by this toy b/c my 15 month old loves to play with magnets on the fridge.  I thought it would be great to get this toy that could combine learning and playing since she's doing it already on the fridge.  However, there is a song that comes on when you make a correct match that really scares my daughter for some reason.  She is perfectly happy playing with the toy up until she makes a match and that song comes on.  It makes her cry all of a sudden (and not just a little cry)!So as a result, we've had to keep the animal magnets separate from the barn base so that the song won't come on.  But that pretty much defeats the purpose.  The animals are on the fridge now but she doesn't really seem to like them that much.  She will just take them off and throw them on the ground.  It's a pain to clean up.  But she likes the base b/c she likes the music.  Hopefully she will play with it eventually.  I'm sure every baby will be different and might not be scared like my daughter.I give this toy 4 stars for durability b/c of the little parts that have potential of getting lost.  I can see the education value being high if it was actually being played with the correct way.
My best friend bought this for my son.  Despite its appearance as just another noisy toy, it's actually quite a lot of fun.  The toy has different pieces so you can mix & match animals.  If you get a correct match, it tells you a bit about the animal.  If you get a silly match - "A Pig Cow!" - it makes you laugh.  It also plays some other farm-themed tunes and my son was dancing with it.  It would be a good toy for the car except for the fact that the pieces could easily get lost.  It is, on the other hand, small enough to travel with.  My two year old takes it out every few days and plays with it.We do not have any magnetic surfaces in the house, so it would probably be more fun if we did.
We ended up with both the regular and junior version and I have to say that my husband and I enjoyed the junior version way better (even after the kids had gone to bed).This version requires a lot of waiting.  You roll the dice, set the timer to 1, 2 or 3 and try to build with blocks to copy as many cards as possible.  I found the randomness of how much time you get kind of frustrating.  I definitely prefer games with less randomness and more skill.  It's frustrating if your opponent gets more time than you.  Basically it's a solitaire game you can play with other people.The components are quality Ravensburger (except for the timer which is kind of chincey).  The only kind of weird thing is that one block is almost black, but is actually a navy purple color.  The card shows the block as purple and that kind of threw me at first, but my work involves work with color and most people probably wouldn't notice.Basically, I found this game boring.  The Junior version is much faster paced, involves competition, is more equitable, etc.  Don't waste your time with this one!
My kids had a bit of fun with this.  This splash guard mostly containded the mess, which is good.It was kind of difficult for my kids (6 and 8) to squeeze out only a few drops at a time so a fair amount of the paint ended up spinning right off the paper and wasted in the tray.  But there was still plenty of paint to fill the cards that it came with.  It came with some white papers and some black.  This seemed like a good idea.  The colors barely showed up on the black paper though and even the white ones where not nearly as bright as in the picture.
(I received this item as a gift in exchange for an honest review)I chose this for my children as a craft project to do at home.  I am always aware with things like this that I should do it FIRST, before they get all excited about it, just in case it doesn't work as shown.It works fine, but I wouldn't necessarily say it's "over the top" great.  My main issue is the weight of the main unit.  If you make things cheaply, then when you ask kids to use it you aren't always going to have a very satisfied kid.  It's frustrating for the unit to be moving around so much.I would definitely recommend covering up your table while doing this, or better yet, doing it in summer outside.
This toy is plenty entertaining for a short while.  It is great fun to make the art, and the paint colors are bright and contemporary (neon green, yellow, coral, blue, and purple).  The spinner is seemingly durable, powered by one C-cell battery (which is not included).But, consider --The bottles of ink are teeny-weeny -- .6 fl oz each -- about the size of a small hotel shampoo bottle.  The jars of glitter are even tinier.  Although the kit contains glitter, there is no glue to apply it.  The glitter seems like a bit of an afterthought.  And for some reason, even though there are five colors of paint, spinner device contains only three holes to hold the paint.The cards to paint on are tiny as well -- there are ten cards that are about 4"x 4" each, and another ten cards that are about 3" x 3".  Half are black and half are white.  You may be able to make  "beautiful art" (says so right on the box) but at 3" x 3", it's hard to make much of a statement.The kit contains a clear plastic "splash guard" That is labeled in tiny font as such, along with a "do not discard" warning.  If you happened to overlook the label, you would likely discard the splash guard, as it is indistinguishable from much packaging.I have a similar spin-art painter from Crayola, the color spinner -- hard to say which one of these two items would be preferable.  This Alex spinner is battery-operated, the Crayola one is not.  This Alex spinner definitely has cooler paint colors.  The Crayola spinner has circular pieces of cardboard to paint on.  They are much larger and the shape is more interesting.  Either kit would be fun for kids.  Once or twice.This would be a fun toy to play with once or twice, but I wouldn't expect it to be something you will return to again and again.  And if you purchase it, don't forget to get a C-cell battery.
I had something like this as a kid.. I remember hours of making priceless art for my parents, splashing paint all over the kitchen table. And then I remember putting it in the back of the closet and forgetting all about it.So, when this came up for review, I chose it for nostalgic reasons really. I wanted to see if my daughter did the same thing as I did. Loved it for one day, and then quickly forgot about it. But actually, my daughter played with it for a good week or two, until she ran out of paper. Now, they do sell refills.. but I found them to be pricey so we just cut our own.  The same with the paints. It doesn't come with much, but the refills are pricey. I suggest refilling the bottles with your own.Its a great rainy day toy.. but there is only so much you can do with it. The paper spins, you squeeze paint onto it. That's pretty much the gist of it. A nice toy to bring out on a sick day, or quiet night, but don't expect it to be your kids favorite toy ever.
The attraction to a glow-in-the-dark puzzle is curious, but not something that will cease amazement for very long at all.The picture that this puzzle creates is nothing spectacular and is in fact, blurry and poor quality.I would have been more satisfied had the picture been clear or well detailed.This puzzle is pretty difficult to put together, but a nice rainy day or relaxed evening project.The children in my family were at first very enticed by the idea of the glow-in-the-dark aspect, which soon faded away.Overall, I think it would be a much finer puzzle if the photo was more refined. Poor photo equals poor puzzle, that is my opinion.
I thought this puzzle might be a fun thing to try on a cold or rainy day inside. It looked like a challenge. That part certainly turned out to be true. I spent some time on it with my wife and we were able to put many of the pieces together. We could have finished it, but it was too tedious for our taste. There's no picture to it -- you have to put the pieces together based on their shape alone. I can see how some people might enjoy it, but it just didn't turn out to be much fun for us.
The Runway fashions is basically a small light table that can be used as is, or with included clear plastic discs (they call them "foils") with designs printed. You can use the foils to draw a girl and design clothes for her. There are two sets A and B, each has a few different heads and upper bodies, lower bodies, and legs. You can mix and match pieces within a set. First, you put the first foil into the holder inside, turn the light on, close the lid, slide narrow piece of paper on top, and draw around the image. Then open the case, remove the foil, put in the next one, close the lid, move the paper up and draw again, then repeat those steps again with the third foil. Then remove your drawing and color.Everything looks fine, until you start actually drawing - then you realize that the plastic cover of the light table is so thin and flexible, that it bends under pressure, and the design moves/becomes smaller since it is at some distance from the top. he foils also quite tricky to remove. When you ran out of paper enclosed, you will need to cut your own from lightweight paper stock, not heavier then 20lb. The toy is made by German company, so it uses metric standard paper A4, not the American letter size paper, which is about quarter inch wider then A4 paper. If you just cut a letter sized paper in half lengthwise, it will be just a tiny bit wider then needed, which is quite frustrating.
I'll start off by echoing some of the other opinions on the correct age for this toy: 6-10 is probably the sweet spot for this.  My older daughter (10) had little interest in what seemed like a simple tracing tool when other fashion books like The Fashion Sketchpad: 420 Figure Templates for Designing Looks and Building Your Portfolio already have figures waiting to be decked out in designs.  I guess this gives the younger children a chance to trace and create and THEN color and get creative.  It just seems pretty basic.  Also, I'm not sure why 4 batteries are needed here.  Seems like overkill!  This is a fine toy that encourages creativity and keeps the interest of my younger daughter (8), so I'd say it's a good choice for the younger side of the suggested ages.
My 8 year old was thrilled to try out this toy.  I sat there with her while she read the directions herself and figured out how to use it.  All I did was put in 4 AA batteries and observe her reaction to the toy.  She had it up and going in a matter of minutes and was actively tracing the figures.  She started tracing figures before dinner, then afterwards, and then I saw her still tracing before time for bed.  She loved being able to pick and choose how each creation would look.  But every now and then I would hear the sound of frustration.  When I asked her what was wrong, she said that the plastic disks kept slipping and her final trace was a little bit crooked (misaligned).  She really was into tracing and was having a great time, but for some reason the round disks or something in the mechanism holding the disks would not always line up exactly with what she had chosen to draw for a top or bottom, and they were a bit askew from each other.I think it's  still a good toy if for nothing else but to help develop fine motor skills for children.  My daughter's first traces were a bit jagged but she was getting better and better at it the more she drew.  It's very girlie, and perfect for my daughter plus it closes up nicely into a smallish plastic carrying case so she can easily take it with her on trips or just to another location at home to trace.  It would have been nice if more selections (disks) were included and maybe more can be purchased, but right now I don't know.It only comes with one pen (which stopped working shortly after beginning to trace) and a very small amount of paper.  Both are easy to replace so that really isn't a legitimate complaint.  The only thing that would make this a perfect toy would be if it took less batteries (not included), more disks, and it would lock in place as far as lining up the disks so they would stay in line with where the previous disk left off.  But even though the disks were sometimes slightly off, my daughter took a handful of her drawings to school this morning to show to her friends.  I'm sure she will be tracing again the moment she finishes her homework.I'm thinking this would be a great toy to purchase for girls' birthday parties.  My kids get about 2 invitations a month to birthday parties and I'm always trying to find something nice and unusual to buy as gifts.  I'm thinking about ordering several of these just to store in the closet and have ready to go as gifts.  I think they would be a great hit!
My test subject for this one was my almost-7 year old niece, who is totally into fashion, dolls, and drawing.  Should have been a natural fit, but this really didn't capture her attention once the initial novelty of it was over.The toy itself is nicely designed with a locking case to contain the plastic disks used to project light through to get the design image.  It was also nice that the light beam can be adjusted to three positions to resize the outline to be drawn.  Basically, you put a piece of white paper on a light source, which projects a line drawing of one of three segments of a female's clothed body: upper torso, lower torso, and legs/feet.  Each plastic disk contains one portion of the body and you combine them in various manners to create a finished fashion style.  Since you can only do one segment at a time, you have to insert the plastic disks three times to complete an outfit.The things that didn't endear me to this toy:1) Four AA batteries are need to power the light source - none are included.2) A very small supply of the correctly-sized rectangular sheets of paper are included.3) Only a single black pen is included to draw the outline. No colored pens or crayons are included to actually color in the styles.4) If you don't line up the paper perfectly straight when using the first disk, the whole drawing winds up being crooked.  This is especially true when you run out of the provided paper and have to cut-your-own.5) There aren't any clearly marked line-up guides on the transparency disks that would aid younger children.This isn't a bad toy, and might interest some budding fashion-designers, but the company skimped on those little things like batteries and colored pens/pencils/crayons that would have made the toy immediately playable right out of the box, so that is an annoyance if you are going to give this toy as a gift.  There are other design toys out there that my niece already has that are easier to use and that have engaged her interest longer.
Runway Fashions is a neat idea, that we have seen before, that uses a lighted tracing box and set up patterns for kids to trace and color in on a small sheet of paper over the box.This unit is made of plastic, portable with a handle and very easy for use and good for travel.  Both our 5 and 8 year olds had no difficulty with it.  They liked it.  There are limited patterns, I'm not terribly crazy about them, a short stack of paper and one has to provide their own colors.Our children worked busily for a half hour or so and then moved on.  I think the main drawback is the variability of what they can do with it.  They enjoy mixing up outfits and changing designs more so.
My 9 year old loves the color in fashion books that are so popular now.  This product seemed like a great for trips and Summer vacation so she had something new and interesting to keep her busy.Everything comes in a plastic carry case with a molded handle. Unfortunately, a few extra items are really needed.  Colored pencils and markers so the designs can be colored and especially a battery for the indoor lamp (it's surprising this comes with neither since they are very inexpensive additions).The drawings are done in stages - first the legs, then the torso, then the bust/head.  Foils are used and have to be alisgned carefully as you 'build your model'.  Unfortunately, there aren't that many designs and they aren't all interchangeable.  The fashions themselves are more JCPenney than high end glamour couture (kind of tarty, honestly).My 9 year old made two drawings but it ended up being way too much work when she could just get a flip book and color in the 100s of designs in those books (or just draw her own dresses).  So this didn't get a lot of use after the first time.  It really needs much more to be a good value for the price.
First of all, this isn't really a fashion designing kit.  It is a tracing kit.  It consists of a small case which has a plastic window on one side and a bright light inside where you place one of the 20 included "image foils," which are circular clear plastic pieces with a black outline pattern to trace.  You can move the light up and down a little to adjust the size of the projected image which you trace onto slips of white paper (10 are included), moving the paper along as you go.  Included is a tracing pen which is actually quite nice.This is very similar to their Xoomy illustrating machines:Ravensburger Xoomy Girls - Illustrating Machine&Ravensburger Xoomy Boys - Illustrating Machine, except instead of square pieces of paper you get strips that you can slide along over the window to put together a top, middle and bottom to make a new "fashion".  There are 8 heads, 6 middles and 6 legs for a total of 20 pieces.  Not all can go together so you are fairly limited in what you can create shape-wise, but you can be creative with coloring.  Overall the fashions are on the revealing side (mini-skirts and tight jeans) - not necessarily the sort of outfits I want to encourage my young girls to wear.If you want to use this for general-purpose tracing, it has limitations.  While the included image foils fit directly onto the light inside, anything else needs to be placed on the window with the paper directly on top.  The window is 4 1/8"x4 1/8"; anything larger makes tracing more difficult especially as the window isn't flush with the case; it is recessed to allow sliding the included paper strips through the track on each side.There are 10 pieces of 4 1/8" x 7 7/8" paper included.  More could be cut if the child still has interest after going through those.  Or for general use, cut square paper for tracing other patterns.It is very simple to install batteries and put together.  The durability doesn't seem that great but I would expect it to last about as long as it holds the child's interest.
Yep... you read that title right!  My girl is being is currently being proudly displayed on the fridge.  Unfortunately, that is the only girl that I 'created'.  True... I am 31 years old, but I am a girl!  And this is what I believe the downfall of this product is: going back to replay!  After painstakingly choosing a head, midsection and shoes, there isn't much left to do.  I had to dig out my OWN coloring pencils (WHAT??!) which annoyed me to no end.  Why not include a cheap little set of 5 basic colors?  Why not include another felt tip marker?  Do they believe that 7-9 year old girls are not going to damage the one included felt tip marker?!  I usually sing praises of any Ravensburger product, but they missed the bus by a couple of seconds on this one.Included in the box is a purple carrying case which also houses the lighting mechanism, 8 sheets of tracing paper, a black felt tip marker and different body assemblies.  Not included: Batteries, more paper, originality and coloring pencils.  You might be wondering what I am referring to when I state "originality".  Well, this product loses a star because the little plastic hairstyles/heads, midsections and shoes/legs are labeled to match one another.  Example: Head (A) can only be placed with Midsection (A) and Legs (A) & so on and so forth.  This puts a damper on a child's imagination and creativity!  I found myself becoming frustrated that I could not mix and match.  When my two ladies (8 & 9) created their models, they too complained that they wanted 'that hair' with 'that oufit' and exclaimed that it was dumb.  See.... even young kids know when a company has made a mistake.How does it work?  Well after getting a screw driver to place your batteries in the compartment, you are then ready to go.  In the case you will find the marker, cheap plastic discs and only 8 sheets of paper.  In the center of the case you can raise and lower the light bulb mechanism that will make the image smaller the closer you get and larger the further away.  The larger image ends up being a bit distorted, which forced us to trace the smaller image.  The images are very cute in the vain of Japanese anime with the large eyes and kooky Sailor Moon hairstyles.Recommend if your lady or fashion obsessed gentlemen specifically ask for a fashion tracer.  I do believe that it travels well but will not be able to be used on car rides because you need a very steady hand.  Great for 7-9 years old... any older or younger will not be interested.  Truly wish that they would include coloring pencils, more paper and allow us to mix and match to our heart's content!  Eight sheets is a joke.  No, we have not returned to this toy again.  I guess it is a one hit wonder.
This toy did not impress me from the moment I opened the package it came in.  The antenna, which was literally a wire sticking out of the back, seemed like it was disconnected.  Otherwise, the car itself felt decently built.  The controller, on the other hand, felt cheap.Once you put in the batteries, you have to learn how to make the car follow your directions.  Basically, you have to use both paddles to make it go the proper way (e.g., both paddles forward to make the car go forward - if not, the car will go in circles).  The car moved well on cement and carpet.From the sound of the other reviewers, the controller should break soon.  However, the controller hasn't broken down on me, at least not yet.
This looked to be a good starter RC car for my young boy as it is not too expensive and can go anywhere.  The car works great and does a good job of going over different terrain.  The problem is that the batteries drain really fast and the car just doesnt seem to be as durable as you would think.  It seems to be cheaply made and doesnt hold up very well to all the crashes.  Overall I would definetly spend a little more money and get a better quality RC with rechargable battery.
The idea of this r/c car is great, a car that can go through all terrains. It is a lot of fun to take out and run through snow, water, and mud. My oldest liked the idea that he could run it through everything outside without worrying about it failing, and it held up well to the terrain tests (snow, mud, gravel, and water) we put it through. The main problems I encountered while using this toy with my kids is that the on/off switch on the car fell off, just broke and fell out, and we had to use a small key to flip it on and off from that point on. The batteries drained fairly quickly (within a week with an hour or so of play each day) and the remote didn't get a great range from the car even with brand new batteries. I would not recommend this toy just for the fact that it broke AND drained the batteries so fast.
This toy uses 2 AAA batteries for the handset and 3 AA batteries for the vehicle. My biggest complaint about remote control toys is their battery sucking capabilities. This Morphibian Stingray is no different. In order to work properly, the batteries must be replaced in the handset after it has been used for any length of time and the vehicle every other use, provided it has been turned off after use. The handset is easy enough to use. My 4-year old grandson figured it out. He played with it for about an hour then lost interest. We took it outside to try it in puddles. It can go through puddles, it can withstand getting wet but that's about the sum total of it. He's been playing with it off and on for about a week and the handset hasn't worn out or broken yet but he doesn't play with it for long periods of time. I can see where this would be a fun beach toy. Perhaps we'll put it away until we can take it to the beach. This is a great toy for a group of two or more 6 to 8-year old boys, provided they each have one. As remote control toys go, the Morphibian is more durable and versatile than others in this price range. Overall I'm impressed with the Kid Galaxy brand. I'm just not that impressed with remote control toys.
The kids are enjoying this toy and do not find it too difficult to control. The vehicle steers like a track-tractor, with wheels paired on the sides. There is no proportional steering: you can either spin it by running one side forward and another backward, or turn it with one side stopped and the other either forward or backward.It is true, as other reviewers note, that it will eat up batteries. You really need to search for an RC car that has a rechargeable battery unit if you want to avoid this. RC cars operating on AAs are going to consume batteries fairly quickly. My main concern with the Morphibian is the robustness of the control system. The controller does not always send a signal properly to the car, and the range is quite limited. Another reviewer indicated that the contacts inside the control unit can be tinkered with to operate more reliably, but I'll wait until it fails completely before opening it up. Right now it is an intermittent problem.The car can operate in water, but this type of propulsion system is agonizingly inefficient. It is just not terribly fun to watch as it crawls through the water. If you've got any kind of current or breeze, the car may not be able to overcome it.Overall, I don't recommend this toy, but it is mostly functional and kids do enjoy it.Cheers
This toy is overall fun for baby but is very lightweight and tip over too easily.I my baby girl is a peanut and still managed to tip it a couple of times hurting herself.I still let her play with it because she likes this toy but I put it against the wall to minimize the change of it tipping.
Very cute and cuddly, this baby doll is perfect for wee ones.  This one has a curly sprig of blonde hair on top, a button belly button, a realistic little backside and a cute ID bracelet ready to give her a name of your own.  Rosy cheeks complete the adorable face.  Her pink and white striped shirt is removable as is the diaper.  Cap is sewn on with minimal stitching.  As long as your little one is not biting and chewing everything, this toy will be okay.  If they like to gnaw on everything, I would look out as they can easily chew on the hair as well as the little ribbons which adorn the doll from top to bottom.  At nearly 14 1/2&#34; long, she is a nice enough size not to get lost in the crib or stroller.  Sweet smiling face will make your child smile too!
This baby doll is okay and that's about it.It is soft and plush, but it comes across more as being cheap - and dollar-wise it's over $20 which isn't cheap. Frankly, the durability of this doll is questionable for a 3+ age category. I suspect it will be in pieces within minutes at that age. It is more appropriate durability wise for a newborn, but the small parts make that unfeasible.Yes, the dolly is cute and has some sweet features, but this is really kind of a tacky, cheapo presentation.
This is a soft and simple toy for a young toddler.  There are no moving parts.  It may be too &#34;simplistic&#34; for an older pre-schooler.  The one I received from Amazon Vine just came in a plastic bag and did not have any box or clam-shell packaging so it would be difficult to wrap up as a Christmas present.  It looks a bit on the cheap side so I am hesitant to recommend it as a gift.
This game is pretty much all about fine motor control with a side of patience.  The object of the game is, simple enough, to get all your penguins to balance on the "ice" floe, which wobbles on its stand and consists of slippery, sloped surfaces barely big enough for the penguins to stand on.  If your penguin falls while you are trying to place it, or if other penguins fall during your turn, you have to take your own and all fallen penguins back into your pile.  The first person to place all of his/her penguins loses (so the game is not over when you knock over the penguins).I found this game difficult to play with different ages.  As an adult, I have a steady enough hand to place the penguins, and a good sense of when they're stable before removing my hand.  My six-year-old daughter has a pretty steady hand, but she's not patient enough to make sure the penguin is stable before taking her hand off.  My four-year-old didn't have the coordination to even get the penguin onto the ice without knocking everything over.  So inevitably, I won while my daughters built up rather large colonies.  Eventually, my four-year-old simply took the ice floe off its stand and placed it flat on the table.  Surprisingly, it's still rather hard to get the penguins to stand on the slippery sloped surfaces.  It was interesting to watch her play by herself and try to figure out a strategy.  Eventually she figured out that if she placed them close together to begin with and moved around the ice floe, then she was less likely to knock them over trying to insert one into an open space in the middle of a group.The game indicates that "playing time" is 20 minutes.  I highly doubt you'll have a single game go anywhere near that long.  If anything, 20 minutes is about how long your kids will want to play the game in any one sitting.Interestingly, the penguins come unassembled.  I'm not sure the reasoning for this.  It did give my kids a little added playing time, as they enjoyed snapping the pieces together.  Some of them, however, didn't fit quite right and were hard to snap tightly, so they fell apart.  For the most part, however, once they're together, they stay together, so assembly is a one-time thing.Overall this game is a decent way to develop good fine-motor coordination and patience, but it's not a terribly deep or involving game.  There is some strategy to how and where to place the penguins, but mostly it's just a quick, pretty fun game to occupy younger children for a fairly short amount of time.  I'm glad I got this game free through the Amazon Vine program - I'm not sure I'd spend money on it.
This comes game comes with a plastic type of ice cube mountain, that sits on a plastic holder. The holder has to be balanced with the little penguins that come with this. Each player takes penguins, and puts them on the ice mountain with out the mountain tipping . It is a little tricky, but fun.The penguins come in 3 pieces, that you have to snap together before playing ,which is easy and fun. There is a front, the back , and the face with penguins wings.My 4 yr. old Grandson like to hear them snap together. Then we could play the game.I think the game is good for a child to learn about balancing.I think this game is for kids that are older then 4, as it says.My Grandson liked the game, but got bored rather quick..He got excited when the ice mountain tipped over, and all the penguins fall off. Then you start over again.
This is a very simple game about strategy and dexterity-- obviously, you're supposed to try to balance all your penguins on this floating piece of ice, which sways back and forth on its base when you knock it off balance.According to the directions, the winner is the one who gets all his or her penguins on the ice first-- NOT that whoever knocks off all the penguins loses. Any penguins you knock off on your turn are supposed to go into your pile, which of course makes it even harder for you to win.But you can adjust the directions according to your needs/desires-- for instance, my 5-year-old and I don't have enough patience to keep going and going with stacking up penguins, so we DO play that whoever knocks it over loses. It's a very short game this way, and I can't say that it's one of our favorites even so. I see its benefit, especially for those (like her) who need work on manual dexterity, but it got old for me pretty fast.Also, like others have mentioned, it's a pain putting together all the penguins. Some seemed to snap together easily and others didn't. And the plastic for the ice and base are thin, like deli containers.It's still fun to pick up on a rainy day every now and then.
I used this game with 5 year-olds during our therapy time and ended up taking it off the base because keeping the penguins on for little hands was just too difficult. I was also surprised that all of the penguins had to be put together in 3 steps, which took awhile to do. It proved too frustrating for most of my students so I popped them together myself before we played. The game itself is durable,the box is sturdy and I'm sure it will last for years. I would recommend this for children older than 5 (although I'm not sure  they won't get bored easily). Seniors or other occupational therapy patients could use it as a fine motor activity during sessions.
I'm a big fan of most Ravensburger games and puzzles and I really like the idea behind this toy. I love games that involved fine motor skills and my daughter, at 4.5 typically does really well with them. Even though this game is for ages 5 and up, she's usually somewhat ahead of her peers in terms of motor skills. Unfortunately, she really can't do this game. Honestly, I can't really either and I'm a 30-something adult. It's actually sort of frustrating. I'm looking at all the reviews here and only a handful mention how incredibly hard this game is. My daughter loves games and was really incredibly frustrated with this game. It was a bit of a blow to her self-esteem since usually she excels at things involving gross and fine-motor skills.Maybe in a few years we can try again, but given that even I have a hard time with this, I'm not even sure we'll be playing much of it down the road. Great idea, but the execution is really maybe too hard.
Like most reviewers have mentioned, the material does seem pretty cheap and doesn't look like it will hold up well. Even when the base is filed,  with water or sand, it will get knocked over when the pole is hit,  and it gets hit a lot. My boy is 6 yrs old so I have to adjust the ball to swing a little on the high side, but after a couple hits it needs to be adjusted again. I guess my biggest complaint is that it takes two to use it because the hitter can't swing the ball and have time to get ready to hit the ball so I may as well just toss the ball myself.If you are using it for younger kids as a t ball, it works as well as others we've tried and it is hight adjustable, but should be used outside. You need to provide your own ball if used as a t ball.
This is great product for young baseball enthusiast - you can swing and you NEVER loose the ball. It adjusts to size of the hitter and overall a fun tool and game for the back yard.
My four-year-old just loves this, since it makes him feel like a big boy; He's been playing in a T-Ball league for the past few months, and he really loves having the ability to practice batting without having to use a tee (Which he now considers babyish...), as well as being able to get a hit every time without having someone pitching it to him. So as a kid, this is a winner. As a Dad, I was surprised at how cheap and flimsy the material seemed, and anyone with kids can tell you that anything that needs to be filled with water is trouble waiting to happen. I really expected a higher-quality product for this price point, so that makes it difficult for me to recommend.
I missed the part that said "JR". It is small and only good for young kids to practice. Adults should not buy this for themselves. You won't have any fun.
The poles for the stand are not real sturdy. There at a good hight for a young childThe ball is a soft type of mushy rubber, rather large, but good for a 5 yr old.The bat is covered in a yellow foam, which makes this safer if another child got to close..Although could get hurt if hit with this bat.The stand you have to put water into it, to have it weighted down..Good idea.This is all made out of a light weight plastic.My 4 1/2 yr old grandson is tall for his age, and it works great for himHe is really into sports, and this also helps with hand and eye coordination . So far he likes playing with this, and has not gotten bored with it .I have only had this for a couple of weeks for him to play with it.How long it will last, who knows!. The pole is a cheap type of plastic, but then again this is not for aolder child..
Keeping a child's interest in something is sometimes half the battle.Such is the case with SKLZ Hit-A-Way batting trainer.If the ball isn't hit squarely , it doesn't come back as it should , and can easily become tangled , causing the user frustration from having to untangle what they have caused.Once one gets the hang of hitting the ball correctly , the apparatus works just fine , but that original breaking in period caused more than a few screams and cries from the learner.
For a hit-a-way trainer this one is an inexpensive product that does the trick. You fill the base with water and the kid whacks and whacks at the ball. I'm not anything near a baseball coach - but really I see no real baseball training in this particular product. The ball hangs limply on the string so it doesn't promote any improvement in swing or technique. I can see that it would improve hand-eye coordination as the child tries to actually hit the ball.Basically it is a fun distraction for a child that likes to swing a bat...and it works and stays upright.
Got this for my 7 year old whom is just starting out with baseball and will be doing coach pitch at our local YMCA this fall. I was hoping that this would help give him a better feel of hitting the ball while helping his hand-eye coordination. Unfortunately, this particular trainer is more set up for the 2-5 year old in the T-Ball stage.The "Tall tee" was best for his height but since he won't be playing T-Ball at his age we had to use the other option. The "Hit-a-way" allows you to adjust the height by removing a center pole and a few plastic connections. However for the taller kids, the pole at it's max height only allows the softball sized ball to be only a foot away from the pole, making it nearly impossible for the child to miss hitting the pole instead. To use the ball, you need to wrap the ball around the pole so it unwinds out to eventually simulate a pitch. After 5 attempts my son was frustrated and we had to go back to pitching with a parent. He was really disappointed since he wanted to be able to practice by himself to gain self-confidence.For the younger kids, the T-Ball option is wonderful since adjusting the pole is really simple. My 4 year old was able to hit from the "short tee" and be able to use the shorter version of the "Hit-a-way" much easier than his brother could since there was more play in the line. I definitely think this is more designed for the younger stages.The box comes with a 2 piece foam bat that you need to put together by screwing in, a base that you can fill with sand/water for stability, 3 poles and couplings, and a built in corded foam sized softball. The box states it's for 3 to 8 year old but unless they are really short for their age, I would stop at a Kindergartner.
My 5 year old is just starting to get into sports and we thought this would be a good trainer for him.  We had a bat and ball and were getting really tired of spending all our time running after the ball.  The assembly on this was very simple - in fact it passed the "I assembled it right without looking at the directions" test.  It's simple plastic, and you have to fill the base with water or sand (it just goes flying when hit otherwise).Even after you fill it, though, the ball doesn't stand out from the pole after being hit.  You can get it to do so, but a hit or two makes it slack again.  So my son can still hit it, but almost every time ends up hitting the pole as well, which we don't want.I think with some higher quality materials, it might have been exactly what we wanted. It's still quite useful though, and since it has two modes, it will give us great t-ball practice.
I purchased the Plasmacar for my grandchildren ages 3 1/2 & 2 1/2.  I expected them to figure this out quickly, but it took a while for them to get the hang of it.  The idea is to rest your feet on the car and move the steering wheel back and forth quickly to get the car to move. It helps to push off with your feet first. It really wasn't as exciting for them as I thought it would be. I was also surprised to see how slow they moved. After a week or so, they did get faster on it, but honestly, they prefer to put their feet on the floor & ride this like a normal riding toy.  I waited over a year to buy this for them - so they'd be old enough to use it - and I wasn't overly impressed with it. As a matter of fact, I remember getting my riding toys to move using this same motion.  Next time I visit, I'll suggest they use this on their smooth garage floor & update my review with the results.With a weight limit of 220 lbs., all of the adults tried it too. And that's when we discovered grooves in the hardwood floor. The little ones made grooves too; their grooves weren't as deep & we  didn't notice them right away. I think the manual mentioned that this might happen, but I think this important information should be part of the product description.There's a video on Amazon that proves how much fun this car can be, but none of my family members got the Plasmacar moving as quickly & smoothly as the young girl in the video.  If you're interested in viewing the video, I'll post more information in the comment section of my review.It was easy to put together & using a rubber mallet as suggested definitely helps.The Plasmacar will  work best on a hard, smooth surface.  It won't work on carpet or grass.
My son loved playing with this car on our hardwood floor. The steering seems quite accurate as he was quickly able to learn how to move the car around the table legs and the chairs. Many remote control cars don't have this easy of direction control. The car is awesome looking and the vintage mustang look is so cool. While my son is a typical 9 year old, he's not particularly hard on toys and after a week of play, the front axle of the car is cracked and the front wheel is now permanently crooked. I can only say that the car is not all that durable, although I recognize that no toy can handle extreme treatment by kids. I don't think this was the case with my son, however, so my conclusion is that the car is not built with very durable materials.
I had some hopes for this, that it would be a decent small car to use around the house.  I have many helis, planes, and high end R/C cars, and my 9 year old loves them, but he's not so good with control.  So this seemed like something we could use together.Unboxing is easy, they have screws holding the mounting pieces through the cardboard into the bottom of the car and remote, so they came out easily and quickly.  2 AA's in the car, which is a very easy-open door to the compartment, and the 9v in the remote.  On/Off switch on the bottom of the car, no on/off for the remote.Tested it on the hard floor in the kitchen, and it has a pretty poor turning radius, but it DOES turn fairly well.  No tracking issue to one side going straight, but there was an adjustment on the bottom of the car in case it becomes an issue.  Seemed like it might at least be fairly acceptable on the first run on the floor in there.  Then I tried in the great room, which has carpeting, short carpeting that you can do legos or puzzles on, so it's not some thick stuff that would be expected to cause major issues.  And the car can go forward and backward easily on the carpet, but the turning is just horrendous.  Nearly unusable even in my great room since it requires the ENTIRE room to do a 180 and reverse direction.Randomly, with brand new batteries, we have it stall out- where it won't move forward and back, as if there's a dead spot on the armature inside or something.  Little nudge and it starts going again.  Doesn't happen often, but the fact that it happens at all with any regularity is a bit of a letdown.  But again, it's a small percentage of the time, so doesn't make it unusable at all, just slightly frustrating at times.The build is solid though, sturdy and is taking the "hits" from the carpet edge transition from the kitchen to the great room without any problems.For a low price R/C car it's decent, but as with anything, you get what you pay for, so there's some issues you'll have to contend with around the home.  But certainly better than some of those really low end starter R/C cars for kids that are out there.
This is visually a very attractive toy for a young person. It was a gift for my 5 year old who loves the sea. Upon receiving it, he was thrilled, however:1) The toy is primarily a ship meant to harpoon sharks. Given large sharks are not typically used for food, it seemed a bit gratuitous. It also recalled images of whaling, of which we are not advocates. In response, I opened the package and removed the harpoon and the carcass holder. I also presented it without the box so that he wouldn't be influenced to play in the way that was shown (hunting the shark, shark eating divers, etc.). Even after playing for many weeks with the toy, this has not become the mode of play for my son so I am glad to have removed the images.2) It doesn't click together firmly. The wheels don't stay on if pushed firmly, the side boats are a bit tricky to attach. It can't be reliably picked up from anywhere but the bottom.3) I am not sure why there are two or three sets of fasteners, which reduce flexibility. For example, there are small boats that attach to the side. But they cannot attach directly because the fittings on the sides of the large and small boat are both the same gender. One needs an intermediate piece that has the opposite gender on both sides to make it work. If this were lego, you could likely attach the pieces however you like. Similarly, attaching the crane and other components can only be done in some orientations and not in others because the fastners are different. What you can make is limited.4) It doesn't float well. The instructions say you need to have the smaller boats attached for stability, which is true, but they come off easily.Overall my son enjoys it, but it doesn't feel or behave like a quality toy.
This toy is a lot of fun.  My son just got into remote controls, so he is really enjoying this toy, he and his sister can play together.  The one downside is the amount of batteries that it takes, really 10 is a lot.  The bumping and flying is a huge hit in the house.  no pun intended).  Works great on hard wood and linolium floors.  fun for the whole family.
The first complaint I have about this toy is that it requires 10 batteries. That seems extreme for little bumper care. The second complaint I have is the ability to steer these cars with the remote. They did not turn well or go over anything. They are however cute, and the little men shooting out is cool, as well as the ability to switch channels to control the other person's car. The colors and presentation were good. The educational value is nil in my opinion, as this seems more for just fun. My son liked them but he gets frustrated by not being able to control them well, but he is younger the the recommended age group. Over all an okay toy, but I would not have been pleased had I paid for this toy, especially with the amount of batteries it takes.
The Kid Galaxy RC Bump 'n Chuck Bumper Cars are a pretty fun time for what they are. Basically you get the two remote-controlled bumper cars with drivers. In a way, it's more of a head-to-head game as the whole point is to hit the other car's ejector buttons (one on each side) at which point the drive is ejected, screaming (and then laughing). My nephew has been enjoying them and it's pretty cool in a head-to-head, Rock-em Sock-em kind of way. The controls do take some getting used to, but they're easy enough to get the hang of.Where the bumper cars are nowhere near as enjoyable, at least for the parent, is that they use a LOT of batteries. 10 AAA to be exact. Battery life is decent, but considering the fact that you have to replace 10 AAA's every time it goes dead, well, that's not much of a consolation. You'll probably want to get some rechargeable batteries and a BIG charger for this one.
Puts a new spin on remote control cars by encouraging you to ram the other car so that the other driver figurine goes flying.  Controls are a bit tricky but you can get used to them after awhile.  Requires 10 AAA batteries in total -- so I hope you have rechargeable batteries since these get drained fast.  I'm not sure how long this product is going to last but it does feel a little weak and cheap in places.  I think after about 10 minutes or so it seems kids get bored with this toy, but they did have fun initially.  We'll see if they come back to this toy.
When we first opened this toy, my son and husband (a big kid) were excited. They battled back and forth, bumping and ejecting their guys for almost an hour non-stop ... That's when one of the ejectors quit working and shortly thereafter (less than 2 hours of use) the batteries already had to be replaced. In the 24 hours since then, the batteries have already quit working again and another piece has broken off.Great idea, but poor implementation.
In concept, this would a make an awesome gift for any boy and even some girls. However, it needs some work on the implementation. The controls are fidgety and it is difficult to achieve a good solid "bump" between the two cars, which is the whole point of the product. This is what really makes the product lose much of its play value. We want the same jolting collisions we get at the amusement park relived on a small scale! Instead, you sort of have to maneuver them towards each other in an awkward and staged manner to get a bump.The ejecting drivers are an unexpectedly cool aspect of this product and the fans definitely add to the thrill.Other reviewers have mentioned the 10 batteries as excessive. If this is a toy that your child plays with a lot, then use rechargeable batteries. If it is not something they play with often then put in single use batteries. 10 batteries is not a lot consider there are two vehicles and two controllers to power. That breaks down to 5 batteries each which is pretty normal for a remote control vehicle that takes AA batteries.I am not surprised with the weaknesses in this product, as they are fairly typical for a remote control vehicle(s) at this price point so don't think this is inferior to other toys at about the same cost.
There are no animals included-you have to buy them separately considering the price I was suprised by this. Assembling it was a chore. I made several problems due to the instruction manuel. Once I finally got it together it is a nice Animal Nursery. The product was made of good material. I have never seen a animal nursery before. They should have included the animals it would have been a great toy if everything was included. My son has been using his Lego people/animals in it.
This is a very stimulating game, interesting because it's rules are not what many would expect. And it is great to keep the kids' minds working and away from the tv.
This is a good family fun game.  Allows for fun and insight and uniqueness for each person.  I really enjoyed playing as a group for an afterdinner party.  Good game, not the best I have played, but not the worst either.  Good clean fun.
Uno Flash brings the classic Card Game Uno into the electronic age but it also costs a little over SIX TIMES what normal Uno costs. Don't believe me? Uno sells for 4.99 here on Amazon while Uno Flash is currently at $30.53. Are the changes and advancements really worth the price increase? I'm afraid not.My biggest concern is that Uno Flash is designed specifically to be used with the electronic randomizer. There are no Reverse cards in this version of Uno and they have been replaced with Slap Cards. As such, if you break the electronic piece (and it is rather flimsy), you can't just go, "Okay, we'll play normal Uno now." Nope, the cards are fundmentally worthless and you'll need to purchase a whole new Uno Flash. I can't get behind that.I do like that Uno Flash institutes a time limite of between 4 and 6 seconds for a player's turn. It forces the player to think on their feet instead of taking forever. I also think the randomization of who goes next is a neat idea, but sometimes a player can get two or even three (the latter only happened once though) turns in a row. This really unbalances the game and as such may set some players off.In all, it's a nice change of pace if you're really a hardcore Uno player that is looking for yet another slight twist to the game, but the cost is jost nor worth it when both versions are compared to one another.
I love UNO.  It's one of my favorite card games.  I do not, however, love this newest reincarnation.  Game play is random.  If you player button flashes, it's your turn.  You place a card with the same number or color down on the discard pile.  If you put down a draw two, draw four, etc, it effects the next randomly selected player.  Whoever discards all their cards, wins.The sound quality was good, the durability was good, but the random player selection makes this version not so much fun.  I've always found that UNO's biggest strength is that you can choose who to hit with your 'draw' cards.  This game takes that away.  You can't have any fun 'vendetta's' against your friends or play Team UNO.If you don't mind the random player selection, then try this game out.  It still has elements that are fun and it would be great for people who like fast paced games.  If you are like me, however, and like to pick and choose who gets hit with what 'draw', then I'd hold off and get the card game.
I was very excited to get this game - we are a huge game family, and we love regular pictionary.  We opened it and played the instant it was delivered.  While it was fun for a while, because of the novelty of it, the limitations inherent in the poor design grew increasingly aggravating and we tired of it after a few days.The game includes a plastic man (who gives the word your team will guess on the bottom of his foot - very similar in style to the word delivery in 'catchphrase' - which by the way is an excellent game), 2 plastic 'props' (a rectangle and a circle), markers & a wipe-cloth, and a scoreboard.  You are meant to either act out the word with the man & his props, or draw the word (or clues to the word) on the man and/or his props.At first there was a lot of hilarity involving writing on a man or making the man act things out.  But the poor design of this game imposes many limitations on what you can do.  For example, he doesn't bend at all so there are many 'actions' and 'role plays' that would be easy for a person (or a bendable man) to act out - but which are impossible to act out with this guy.  The 'props' are similarly limiting.  We would try to draw on a prop to indicate what it was and then (awkwardly) have the man 'use' the prop... but it wound up being faster and easier to draw clues on the rectangular prop as if it were a blackboard... which sort of defeats the purpose of Pictionary Man.  I think the lack of posability of the man is the number one problem with this game.  Also it would be nice to be able to choose your own category (such as with catchphrase).  Also occasionally the category given wound up having nothing at all to do with the word.  We found the 'Challenge Round' to be an annoying complication.  Lastly, and I didn't 'mark off' for this as it could just be my family - it would be better if the markers were retractable (instead of having caps) because in the frenzy of the game my furniture was frequently marked up.All that said, we did have fun with this game for a time.  Bottom Line - if someone else has this at their house, it is a fun way to spend an hour with your family, but it won't be enjoyable for long enough to justify buying it.  This game will not, in my opinion, ever become a 'classic'.
Pictionary is a great game and I have loved playing it in the past. I looked forward to having a go at this electronic version.  Firstly I would say that it takes 3 AAA batteries which I find annoying as it is a size I don't always have handy.  I found this game to be fun because Pictionary is fun, however the addition of a man adds little to the game.  Most of the time we just played with the rectangle  and never used the circle. Just after one play there was already some residue from the marker that was not coming off, so I think if you played it a lot you could have trouble cleaning off the pen.  Some of the clues which were actions seemed a little odd such as 'curl' or 'mark'.  Also every 7 turns it went into the team challenge which can be annoying if you don't want to play that aspect of the game. Pictionary is a game I would recommend however I would go and buy the pen and paper version rather than pay the extra for the electronic one.
The Electronic Pictionary Man Game seems like a new wrinkle on the great game of Pictionary.  The man and his props are meant to make the game more interactive and fun.  However, after a couple of initial games, the novelty of using the "man" to write on and act out the clue wears off for tweens and older set.  The younger kids continue to want to use him but the clues are not really meant for kids under 12. I think this would have been a great idea for a game targeted at younger kids and/or for family play in teams where a parent plays with the younger child.  Older players are going to find themselves using the rectangular prism most of the time and perhaps wishing for the traditional paper and pencil version.
So, what does a pictionary fan do when he sees this? He gets it! And, what does a pictionary fan do when he plays this? He misses the old pictionary and wonders why he spent so much on this. First off, the cost of this game certainly knocks off one star. It just is not worth it. If the game was $30, I would not knock off one full star, but at almost $100, it should do a lot more than it does. My major problem is the time allotment. You need one minute. I am no artist, and anyway, a good stick figure takes time! ;-) Seriously, if have read this far, your time is up. That just is not fast enough to form an idea and transfer it. That's the other star knock down. I really would have knocked it 1.5 stars for each of those issues, because for ME, they are important. However, I have to say that in these green times, a paperless pictionary is very PC. As for the batteries, that shouldn't be a big deal. If you don't have rechargable batteries yet, go get some and stop wasting money....and never be out of batteries. Other reviewers have mentioned the rules, etc. I will not attempt to teach you how to play. It does come with instructions. So, for the price, what would I expect? I would at least expect to be able to change the time allotment...not very hard or costly to do, relative to the price. Keep in mind that with tax, this game will cost you close to $100 at the writing of this review.
My kids loved this game... after they started making up their own rules for it. If you go by the game rules, this game is more suited for a teenage and up crowd. The pictionary man himself also really doesn't get used as much as the game makes it look. Alot of the "hints" dont involve writing on pictionary man at all. Overall, not a horrible game, but I wouldn't recommend it for the younger crowd.
My 7-year-old son received this motorcycle for Christmas.  The manufacturer suggests ages 8+ for this toy, but I didn't think it would be a problem since my son has plenty of experience with other similarly rated toys.  But this one does seem harder to drive than other RC vehicles.My son would tell you that this motorcycle is "awesome!".  It's fast... really fast.  It looks fast, it sounds fast, and it really eats up the pavement.  It's very powerful, and can easily go up steep slopes and ramps.  And it does wheelies!But it's hard to control.  The handlebar control's throttle and brake work quite well, but my son is having a very hard time with the tilt-steer.  It doesn't help that this motorcycle has a huge turning radius.  Typically my son will be able to drive the motorcycle for about 5 seconds before crashing into something or driving off the edge of the pavement.I am very impressed with the durability.  This motorcycle has taken many, many hard crashes - some straight into a concrete wall at top speed - and is not damaged.
This looked like a very fun toy and I thought I would give it a try.  I could never get the motorcycle to stay up very long.  It seemed like every little rock or piece of dirt would knock the thing over.  Also once the motorcyle started going one direction it was hard to get it going back the other direction.  It seemes like a good idea but I just couldnt master it and neither could the other 2 people that played with it.  Maybe if you had a large are free from all debris maybe but I really wouldnt recommend  this especially for the price.  Also If I as an adult could not figure this out I wouldnt really recommend for kids either.
Repeat Pete has three types of "action cards":  some have you do an action (like looking through biniculors or flipping a coin), some have you do an action and sound (mostly acting like an animal), and some you simply say a phrase (like 'oh boy,' or 'what's up').  You need to correctly perform all the other actions before what's on your card.  Each player is supposed to do the action only once without showing his/her card to anyone else so you need to be paying attention.  Yes, it's a pretty silly game, but it's not all bad.  Trying to remember all the actions in the proper order can get fairly tricky and it can sometimes be fun when the other players are trying to copy an action without knowing exactly what it is they are acting out.Even though this game is better than I expected, I really don't see us getting it out all that often.  I should say, for what it's worth, that my family tends to prefer stategy games to party games.  If you like party games, this one is probably worth checking out, but Time's Up and Smarty Party are much better in my opinion.
Essentially this is a game where you repeat actions.  You get two decks of cards, game board, game pieces, and a set of instructions.  You pull a card, do the item (act, say, etc), and then the next person has to do that, along with drawing another card and doing that action.Honestly this game can get tiring pretty fast, and the board action (ie the part where you win) tends to be abandoned by us fairly soon, and we just delve into the stacks of actions.  Think of it as charades with a twist.
Pros:Memory Gesture based game that is pretty fun, but might get old fast to some.Takes about an hour to play.Cons:Some silent moments might dull the experience.
My family of four played it earlier this evening.  It's fun enough, especially if you use a timer.  If you give unlimited time for game participants to remember what they are supposed to do it quickly becomes boring - like watching water come to a boil.  But using a time limit speeds the game up and keeps it exciting.  And for $24.99 you'd think they could've included a small, plastic hour glass for a timer but they didn't.  Some of the actions it asks you to do are funny such as dancing the hula and hopping around like a bunny, but others were boring.  Saying things like, "No Way!" and "Big Deal" didn't cause much laughter although those were the hardest things to remember to do.I was surprised to learn that the games costs $24.99.  Even on sale that's kind of pricey for a bunch of cardboard and a few plastic pieces.  I don't think it's $24.99 worth of fun.  But,it can certainly help a person practice memory skills, and in a fun way.
I turned my parents and children on to this game when they did a little babysitting for me one weekend. I can honestly say that I was a bored with it, but the kids and grandma loved it!I agree with another poster that said the cards are a wee bit flimsy. And for the younger of the age group, the board part of the game was tedious and unnecessary. My daughter liked acting out the different things on the cards and my son liked to do grand gestures when he repeated.I think that my kids would appreciate a game more where you were asked to identify what was being portrayed and then played the repeat part. Perhaps that could be added to the board game portion as a bonus or something.Although it has its downside, the game was fun. After a while, they would just look at the cards and repeat the goofy faces and actions, adding a sounds and many giggles. All in all it was good for the family to play, but I won't be pulling it out in place of (what used to be) a Trivial Pursuit night or Pictionary, played with my adult friends.
I played with my grandson who is 6.  You have to remember events in sequence and he was lost the entire game.  I think if you had a teenager it might be fine, but this is not for smaller children.  A bit of a disappointment for me.
You roll a die, you move your piece, and you do whatever the game tells you to do. Oh, and you do whatever the person before you did. And so on, and so forth. Repeat Pete is a game of memory, but it was rather confusing for our eight year old (and we have a pretty smart eight year old). I would recommend this game more for the 10-13 year old range, who I could see having alot of fun with it. The cards themselves are pretty flimsy, and without good care you'll end up with missing or torn cards and game pieces under your feet (which don't feel too good, trust me). Overall, Repeat Pete may be a good gift choice, depending on who it's for. I just don't think the younger audience would have much fun with this one.
Simply: The game is fun, but requires a good memory for sequential order. If you are terrible at Simon (the lights/colors game) you will not like this.  It is also not ideal for the less than coordinated as some gestures require a bit of coordiation and dexterity. It is not the best game for very large groups or for small children with short attention spans. Probably best suited for about 12 and up, but even moreso for a teen to adult group. It may very well improve your sense of sequential order and will be easier to play over time as you learn the gestures. They will start to look more familiar to you.  I don't feel that there's a lot here matter-wise to justify the price tag, but that's pretty standard with board games. Usually just a little cardboard and plastic.  Overall, it's worth a try, but I wouldn't use it as the only game at a party.
Repeat Pete is a great game to play when you want to get together with a bunch of friends or family to have some fun and act silly. It also has it's education value by helping children develop better memories.It is for 3-8 players and the goal is to repeat the previous actions of the other players in the exact order they were demonstrated. Like a combination of memory and 'Simon Says'.I would certainly say that the game is very fun the first time around especially with a lot of people.  Anything that requires you to do daft things and gets everyone laughing is good - right?However I would say it is more orientated towards adults than it is children and would be better in a party type atmosphere.  We had young children in our group that enjoyed it, the older children didn't so much but the adults did.For that reason, I am just not too sure about it's value as a family game.  Another concern is that it could get pretty repetitive after a while.In conclusion though, it is well worth a look at to anyone who enjoys fun type interactive games.
This game is the same premise from when you were younger and you would mimic another person.  It is very juvenile... the good part is that it really entertains young ones.  The bad part is that my younger children that can't read on their own can't take part in the game.  As others have stated... the cards are indeed flimsy and I see it not taking well to oily fingers/sweaty hands.For adults, it can get very old... unless you have very competitive adults that want to outdo one another.  That is the only reason that my husband and I enjoy it!  What I honestly feel is that this would be a great game for when adults gather and drinks are involved!  Only then do I feel that it would keep adults entertained for more than 15 minutes or a few rounds.I chose this game because I love to build up our board game arsenal for our kiddies aged 2, 4 and almost 6.  This isn't the game for them, atleast not at this point.  Give it a try, but not at this price point.  You can play this game without a board game for free.
My six year old daughter (total tomboy) was excited to get this toy originally, but since she does not play with it much.  Here are her criticisms:1. The toy is uneven, one side is taller than the other.2. Not enough sounds or lights (there is only one button that makes the tower do anything and it only says two things)3. The pieces don't stay in position: the action figures don't stay in place, the doors don't shut.4. Accuracy issues, she has a problem with the multiple useless wheels and features which don't belong in/on a fire station anyway.5. There could be more activities and features to her want to play with it for a long time.6. Difficult to close7. The picture shows a cop car and a bumble bee figure not included in the set.(She also chose the ratings)
This a solid playset, though not an exemplary one. My 3 year old son received this set for Christmas and the best I can say is he likes it, but it isn't his favorite new toy.  And that's considering he really likes Transformers and Rescue Bots Optimus Prime.The main draw for the set is the transforming face gimmick that changes the plain fire station facade into one resembling Optimus Prime's face.  The play feature works well enough and includes sound and light up ears but it doesn't seem to hold my son's attention.  The set also comes pre-programmed with some voice clips activated by pressing a button inside the set which he does like more.Additional play features include, a working hand crank elevator, a fire pole, a NON-tranforming firetruck (which is kind of a letdown), firefighter figure, fold up feature for storage and travel, and finally a spring loaded water canon with flame targets on two levels.The flame traget/water canon is a neat idea that fails in execution.  The problem is that the spring is so weak on our set that you practically haev to have the canon touching the flames to get it to work.  I realize Hasbro doesn't want kids "poking their eyes out" but teh overly weak spring really takes all the fun out of this play feature.In summary, this is a decent playset that is somewhat marred by a lack of the proverbial "killer app".  I suspect children that are very into the Rescue Bots mythology might get more out of this set but for others, this set is just so-so.
*****UPDATED***** Will stick with my original rating of this toy. Nothing special, another large piece of plastic in the corner of the room that does not get played with.*****FIRST REVIEW BELOWWould have liked to post pictures of this toy, especially the vehicle that is included but my camera battery is fried.Before ordering I watched the product video on Amazon, looked at the posted images and scanned the product info, somehow completely missing that no Transformer vehicles are included with the fire station - not one. Can be bought separately for $12.99/each--bringing the cost of this toy to get it operating as advertised close to $100. The included vehicle is a fire truck with an attached ladder that minimally moves and a crappy pict of a transformer painted on the bottom--pretty close to a dollar store version of an authentic transformer.The fire station itself so far is ok. Just ok. Twisting the front dial to get it talking and lit up does not hold my guys' interest for long. I like that it folds/closes and is transportable. Plan on taking it to my older kids practices where there are tons of younger siblings playing together to see how it plays among a larger group - after ordering more vehicles of course.So far it's a 'Meh' toy, another large piece of plastic piled in the corner of the room that doesn't get played with. I'll see if that changes once the transformer vehicles arrive. For the money and play in my house ordering the vehicles alone without the fire station is a better option.
At first glance I loved this toy! The packaging was easy to open and it looks very impressive in the box. Unfortunately there are no transformer rescue bots in the box. I realize the description does not mention them, but I guess I figured there would be at least one transformable toy. I love that it is sturdy and colorful. The red knob creates noise, sirens and lights. It is portable and easily transportable. I definitely think the age range is closer to 2-4. My 2 year old neighbor absolutely loved it. He found other toys to drive in and out of it. He was enthralled by the sounds and lights and it kept him busy for a long time. Definitely keeping it as a toy to pull out for the little ones when they come over. But I do not think it will entertain an older child, even the 4 year old neighbor didn't find it entertaining enough. He was upset, because nothing truly transformed and the mechanisms didn't make anything "zoom" out or "spray" out. So if you are looking for something portable to use and already have other transformers, then this would be a good addition for a younger child. But if you do not have the transformers, then you will need to purchase some in order for everyone to be truly happy.
My four year old liked it but was not the right product for a seven year old. The batteries were pre-installed which was nice.The kids liked the buttons and the actuators although it only came with one figure.The best part is that it closes up and has a built in handle for portability. But note that this is not small.
I received this play set free to review it for the Amazon Vine program. As such--a free toy, unexpected, between birthdays and holidays--it's great. My kids have had a lot of fun with it, and were thrilled to unwrap it. They're lucky I got it for free, though, because there is NO WAY I would pay anything close to $50 for this thing. The product photo on this page makes it look like a lot more than what it is, somehow. When you actually get the box, it's not much. A building, ONE car/robot (which "transforms" rather lamely when you flip it over to front or back) and one little action figure guy. That's it. To have fun with more than one kid playing with it, you'll need to go buy additional transformers at $14 each. Honestly for all the fun my kids have had with this thing, half the time they have it out they are bickering over who gets the car and who gets the little dude. The building is very basic and cheesy and makes some really annoying groaning/siren type noises. The car is flimsy--nothing like the transformers I remember from the 80s--and not very well-made. I suspect it will all get broken in a squabble sooner rather than later.
Hasbro's Rescue Bots line sets imaginations ablaze with the Rescue Optimus Prime Fire Station.  The station is an excellent kid-sized toy that "transforms" into Optimus Prime's head with the turn of a knob, or opens up to become a playset for the included Cody Burns action figure and Heatwave Transformer.It is compatible with all of the other toys in the Rescue Bots line, which is a plus since the toys vary in size and difficulty to transform.  The included Heatwave Autobot is one of the simplest Transformers in the line.  Simply turn the toy up on its rear bumper to reveal the "transformed" Autobot beneath.  The Cody Burns figure can sit in the Heatwave figure as well.The set comes with a firing water cannon and targets that flip up on the set.  There's also a really cool fire pole that Cody Burns can slide down.  The set also comes with other standard playset features such as lights, sounds, opening doors, and a lift.My son really liked the Heatwave Autobot and the Cody Burns figure.  In fact, he played with them more than the actual playset.  He liked the water cannon, but tired of it after only a short amount of time.  He also enjoyed the fact that he could "transform" the station into Optimus, but wanted to know how Optimus was going to move without legs!He has a couple of other Rescue Bots toys and used them with the set but, as I've already stated, he ended up using them with the Heatwave and Cody Burns figures more than with the actual set.Overall, a decent "base" of operations for the Autobots, but maybe lacking in longevity.
I got this toy through Amazon Vine for my 18 month old daughter.  She's into cars right now, so I thought this might be fun.  We have some of our own cars, so the fact that it doesn't come with any cars wasn't a big deal, but $50 does seem like a high price for only including a little action figure and a "fire hose/gun".  I wasn't overly impressed with the product.  It doesn't really do anything special (out of the ordinary).  She seems to really like it(so does our kitten), and has played with it a number of times since we got it a week ago, even though it's kind of placed out of the way.  There are some buttons in the back, meant to be computers, that talk when you push them, and she spends most of her time pushing those.  It's nice that it comes with batteries (one less step!), but I wouldn't pay full price for this toy.
Please LOOK at the PICTURES at the BOTTOM in the PRODUCT DESCRIPTION.  Do NOT go by the PICTURES by the TITLE (at the top of the page) as those include different, as well as extra things (that you will NOT receive).  This is one of those toys that is big and looks impressive when you first glance at it in the box.  However, after opening, that initial "wow" wears off quickly.  It is one of those toys that is played with when you first get it, but is then quickly forgotten.

My little one is a fan of the transformers but he is not yet able to transform the real things. This rescue car transforms easily and he enjoys it.We also have two other fold up type of toys - one doll house and one spiderman fold-up structure. He plays with both frequently and I can see this one as a welcome addition.If it really sells for $50, I don't think I will buy it. $20-30 seems reasonable.
My 5 year old son was very excited to get this for Christmas.  He played with it for about a day and then it went on the shelf and hasn't been taken down again.  It looks like it would be fun, but it doesn't come with everything pictured.It's like a Transformer themed Imaginext set, but the Imaginext sets are much more popular in our house than the Transfomer sets have been, despite the fact that my boys do like Transfomers.  If I had it to do over, I'd invest in another regular Imaginext set.
The toy truck is very loud!! It does sound pretty realistic though. But right after opening the package, I knew I was not going to be able to be in the same room with the noise. It is an outside toy now. The kids have used it in the sandbox and find it fun. They like how it moves by itself and operate it all over the patio. Since we are using it as an outside toy, we have to remember to put it away every day and not leave it out in the open in case it rains.
We've had some fun with this game.  It's a basic racing game with eight very different tracks and simple controls.  The graphics are a bit underwhelming given the load time, but really not terrible.  The description is a bit misleading in my opinion though as Race the World is not an online game.  The CD gives you access to the download, but then it is a stand-alone one-player racing game.  And the "20 other cool games hosted on" the Hot Wheels site are actually fairly lame and all of them can be played just as easily (if not more so) with your arrow keys.Each time you finish a race you earn points towards various enhancements to your car, like funky horns or tail smoke.  There are also "Auto Wonders," like a flying ability or heat resistance, that seem to allow your car (as each one says "allows any car") to obtain the tricks of the various cars (thereby not having to buy each car), but I have yet to figure out how to earn these attributes.  As others have stated, the instructions for this game are significantly lacking.The recommended age is 5 and up and I happen to have a 5-year-old boy so I let him try out the game as well.  He doesn't have any experience with console-type controllers, but has played some on the computer and is pretty adept with a mouse.  This game is very challenging for him.  On his first try, the eight computer cars had finished the race (3 laps) before he had made it half way around the track.  He's starting to get the hang of it, but has yet to finish out of 9th place.  He still really enjoys the game, but if you have a 5 or 6-year-old who is particularly competitive or easily frustrated, this might be a bit much.  (I'll be honest, I haven't won a race yet either.)
First, this item only works on Windows 2000/XP/Vista with at least 800MHz (1.3GHz recommended) processor and 1 GB of hard drive space.  I am testing this wtih a 3.2GHz processor and 250GB hard drive.  Beware: Mac users cannot use this.The packaging is quite superb--everything is securely wrapped, but is also easily removed with a perforated plastic backing.  No more cut fingers or cursing when trying to cut open some really hard plastic case.You must first install the CD that comes with the "game."  While the CD installs quickly, the online update/web activation is EXTREMELY SLOW.  It took over 20 minutes to download the online update--important note, you cannot play the game without downloading the update.In addition to the CD, you have a car-holding handgrip, which allows the user to play the game.  It is akin to the original Sega or Nintendo controllers with a directional pad on the left and two buttons on the right.  The packaging says the game is for 3+ year olds, but the game insert says it's for 5+ year olds.  My 3.5 year old's hands cannot hold the controller, but it does fit comfortably in mine (I'm 6 ft tall with appropriate sized hands).The game itself has a pretty good sound to it, and the graphics are equivalent to perhaps an old school Sega.  It's probably catchy for a younger user (definitely corny to an old guy like me).  The load screen transfers are also EXTREMELY SLOW, taking more than 15 seconds to transfer from selection screen to selection screen.  Beware if you choose to go to the wrong screen--it takes forever to get back where you wanted to go.For those of you old timers, it's much like an updated version of Atari's Grand Prix.  A nice touch for the younger ones is that you cannot fall off the race course unless you go into a trap, so if you don't have good hand-eye coordination, you'll still stay on the track.The two buttons don't have any instruction, but green is for go, and red is for go backwards.  It works to slow down and eventually stop if you time it right, but if you just hold the red button down, you eventually go backwards--it's kind of fun to run a track backwards.Another nifty idea is the car-tridge.  This hotwheels car is pretty neat--just like a regular hotwheels car, but with a plastic peg plate that inserts into the controller.  Depending on which car-tridge you have, your onscreen avatar car changes--hence mattel's rationale to sell multiple versions of this game.  However, I think there is just a gimick--no car in the game performs any better than the other--they just look different.There are also two game modes: race and story.  Either of these are pretty much the same.  The story mode allows you to race in the desert, jungle, air, track, etc.  Nothing is much different except course layout and scenery, but all the same hazards are on each track: pits, rubble, dead ends, etc.All in all, this was a nice try for Mattel to offer an inexpensive version of a driving game, but I'd pass on this.  There's really nothing fun about this, and with the children in mind--they won't have the patience to wait out the load times of the game.  Pros: inexpensive.  Cons: graphics, load times, long installation, poor performance, no fun when all cars are the same except the look.  If the point was to make an age appropriate game, perhaps this is it, but I'd just save the money to buy a more expensive platform: Playstation, Nintendo, Xbox, and get a game that will both be engaging and last the long haul as the kids get older.  My kids like my PS2 more than this Hotwheels gaming controller.
From the product description, I expected this to be primarily a hardware item, to be used with the HotWheels.com website.  It's not.  While there are some lame-ish games available on HotWheels.com, the main racing game is delivered on a CD to be installed on your computer (with additional files downloaded and installed).  That's great - it's actually a much richer racing game than could probably be delivered online with standard non-gaming machines.I had some trouble with installation because I was assuming it was to be used with HotWheels.com, but once I caught my mistake it installed fine.  I've installed in on an XP laptop and a Vista desktop, and it runs fine on both installations.The controller feels cheap, like an inexpensive plastic toy.  But it was very appealing to my six year old son.  He thinks it's way cool how the Car-tridge snaps in, and that's the car you race with.  The controller is comfortable in his hands, and the controls are straightforward and easy to learn.  The controller isn't very precise though, and has some "lag time", so he hasn't mastered it yet.The racing game is pretty standard, with a choice of tracks and car embellishments, etc.  My son likes that it is very forgiving - you don't run off the track, crash, or blow up your engine like in his Wii racing game.  The catch is that each Car-tridge is optimized for a specific track.  It appears that you can only win on a particular track if you're using that Car-tridge.  So while the initial investment is very reasonable, it will increase as your young gamer wants to collect all the Car-tridges.
The hot wheels turbo driver is is a fun game and is a good option for kids who do not have an expensive gaming system. I think any kid would enjoy it. Who doesnt love a good racing game?I found it pretty easy to install despite the lack of clear instructions. You just plug the controller into your computer's USB port. While I was intimidated at first, the controllers were intuitive and easy to use once I got started. In terms of packaging, I appreciated the perforated backing which made it very easy to open. That is a big deal in my house, and the fact that you dont need scissors is much safer and easier.I liked the graphics and the different backgrounds well done, and pretty convincing in 3D. However, with all the advanced driving games out there, it may face some stiff competetion. With one car rather than the whole set, I felt a little bit like I was using a demo. However, I would seriously consider getting another car or two and going further with the game.
Good ideal for a toy and video game integration.  Pretty easy setup, but lacks longevity.  It was fun in the beginning, but got bored after 15 minutes. Maybe it's because I'm not the target marget age.
For the price, this is not worth it.  The whole idea of "car-tridges" sound nice and all, but it is a novelty idea.  You only get 1 car with this package, and you have to purchase cars separately if you want to race with a different car.  Sounds neat right?  well...that costs more $$$, and kids WILL want more cars.My nephew who is a under 5 enjoyed it, but I know he will outgrow it quick because every time I play on the PS3, that's what he wants to play.The package says Hotwheels has the right to discontinue the online play after 2010, so who knows what will happen to the online play then.Save the money and buy a used console game system for your child, and plug it into the tv.  They will enjoy that more.
This game was just ok for me.  The bad parts about it were that it did take awhile for the disk to install, there were no instructions about how to control the car (it's pretty easy to figure out, but it would just be nice to have some instructions on it) and I didn't think the graphics were that good.  Also, the little "CARtridge" fell out a couple times on me.  As for the game itself, it's a standard racing game, if you have a game system that you currently use, you can probably get a better racing game on it then this is.  If you're looking for a cheap racing game that you can play almost as soon as you get it, this might be your best bet.  I know that different "CARtridges" give you different advantages, but I'm not sure what the difference is, I pretty much suck at all racing games, so I'm not too worried about the actual winning of the race at this point!
The instructions with this are pretty nonexistant.  I spent 15 minutes on the online site wondering why I couldn't get it to work when I realized that I should be using the CD instead.  I tried out the game, and found it adequate for small children.  The control is easy to operate, and makes logical sense.  It allows the "down" of the stick to be backward, which is not usually available, and could be useful for small children who are less able to maneuver.  The box suggests 5 years of age, and that's probably about accurate.If the child is older or has a game console, I think they would end up being bored pretty fast.
I got this for my 9-year old son who likes most video games and computer games. It does take a little while to install, so try to do this before you tell your child (or else he will sit beside you asking "is it done yet?" the whole time.)The game is pretty typical racing, and this is actually done pretty well. The little car/cartridge is cute. I was disappointed that they entice you into buying different cars in order to be on your "home" track (where you can take shortcuts, do  tricks, etc.) If you try to beat these cars with your non-home track car, you don't have a chance. It is disappointing for a child. I understand that they want to sell more accessories, but kids would probably want some of the other cars just for fun anyway.My son did play it for a while, but I am not sure it is one he will continue to reach for (especially without the extra cars). Plus, he seems a little old for this game, it may be suited more for a 5-7 age range. Still, for the low price, it is fun for a while.
Having learned to catch with a glove, I wondered would this be helpful.  And after trying it out, I'd personally try and teach a kid to use a glove verses this trainer.  If the child had trouble learning with the glove, only then would I try this trainer.As for the construction, the trainer does not bend, is held in place by wide elastic bands,  and can be used with either hand.
When it comes to taste for entertainment, everyone's critic. My baby was not impressed with this DVD, however educational it may be - she simply refused to watch it but went back to the TV when Sesame Street was on. This DVD doesn't work for me, and I hope it does for others.
Cleverly presented and aimed at Toddlers and very young pre-school children, I think it does what it sets out to do and that is entertain children with clever songs and video while trying to teach them about rhythm and the love of music. At times, the songs can be a little annoying to the adult who has to listen to it over and over again, but then again, that isn't the worst thing that can happen. As long as it doesn't play too often, I think it serves the purpose but I would be careful of planting a child in the room with it going too many times as any video like that can hinder their own imagination. With the proper time and place, it is a cute DVD and my grandson already likes to clap to it and he isn't even a year yet.
My rating is mainly based on my child's interest in the video - he really didn't like it nor was he drawn to it.My 3yo is our 3rd child, so we've seen everything from Baby Einsten and Baby So Smart to Blues Clues, Caillou, Max and Ruby, Dora, Barney, the Wiggles, and so on.  I've watched more than my fair share of annoying voices (Ruby & Caillou).  I really found the voices of the characters as bad or worse.  I felt that other than Juno, they just didn't have much personality that would draw children to like them.  My 3yo seems to agree.  He loves to sing and dance, but really had no interest in this one.As for the music, I give it credit for being original, and I appreciate original characters, animation, etc.  Baby Einstein relied too much on simple videos of toys and things, but at least the music was better.  I just didn't find the music composition all that great to listen to. Certainly not on par with classical composers, in my opinion.The puppetry and animation, as well as story line, just wasn't on-par with a Blues-Clues or Dora.  There wasn't a whole lot of repetition for kids to latch on to, the character shots were usually too wide for small children to be able to focus in on who's speaking, and overall the characters get lost in the busy backgrounds.  Sometimes simpler is better - especially for younger children.This left me feeling like it was a mashup of elements of all these popular shows, but that they just couldn't pull it off effectively.  All in all, it's probably no more annoying or worse than any other kid's show - us adults usually have to build up a tolerance to be able to shut them out even when our kids love them.  So while many kids might find this series enjoyable, mine just didn't.Lastly, the case isn't a typcial DVD shell.  It's more like a cardboard book.  The ring that the dvd snaps onto is a solid piece of plastic. With no cutouts, you can't push on the center to pop out the dvd.  Instead you have to bend the disc until it pops off.  Over time, I could see either the disc suffering damage, or the plastic nub of the case will get worn down and no longer hold the disc.
I got this DVD for my 18 month old grandson to watch while he is here. I put it on, and he seemed to like the music, but I noticed he got tired of it pretty fast. Now he is very active, and would much rather be climbing on the coffee table or one of my recliners, but I did notice that once I put Sesame Street back on, he calmed down more and was more interested in watching Sesame Street then this one. So I'm glad I have it, I think maybe when he gets a little older, he will enjoy this one a little more then he does now.
For my youngest children baby einstein was in vogue.  Baby einstein is now owned by Disney, of course.  But an interesting thing happened with Baby Einstein.Specifically, the American Association of Pediatricians has made a recommendation that children under 2 years old be discouraged from watching TV *AT ALL*.And on the other hand, you had Baby Einstein and Brainy Baby encouraging people to show their infants these videos, claiming that it made them smarter.  I'm paraphrasing of course, but for you purists they claimed to "stimulate" your baby's brain.  Stimulate in a good way of course.This was resolved by Disney removing ALL claims from its website and offering to REFUND everyone's purchases.  So the FTC let the complaint go, Disney released "Little Einsteins" which was for an older target market, and the baby einstein brand faded into relative obscurity.  You can't even buy Baby Einstein videos from Amazon anymore, only from other sellers who use the Amazon website.ANYWAY, enough backstory.  Because I have 4 children, and the youngest of them was of the proper age for this video, I was curious to see how it differed from Baby Einstein.  Just like baby Einstein, Juno Baby was created by a very talented Mom.  The difference is that Belinda Takahashi is a Ph.D.  That means she is a doctor, right?No! Not that kind of Ph.D!  She has her doctorate in MUSIC, not MEDICINE or PEDIATRICS.  She is an expert in music!  And I hold no doubts about how good music is for everyone... EXCEPT that this isn't music, its a MOVIE with MUSIC.  Sorry for all the caps, but do you see the point?  The doctor of music didn't just write music, she made a video.  Had she just made a great CD of children's music, or even a book with a CD read along, I would have agreed that "she was in her element.".  But I can't agree that her doctorate in music gives her some innate knowledge of what kind of video footage is good for a child under 2 years old.  The point is that I certainly would NOT hold her opinion above the American Academy of Pediatrics.That being said, Juno baby has a number of INDUSTRY awards: Dr. Toy, Family Approved, NAPPA (publishing), and various others.  But not surprisingly there is not a single organization that says that its actually safe for a child less than 2 years old to watch it.  It might not come as a surprise to you that only 6% of parents know about the AAPs recommendation to not put your 2 year old in front of the TV.  In the absense of this knowledge, 49% of parents think TV is fine for their "under 2 yo children".So we watched the DVD.  As far as content went, there was little surprise.  It was essentially a cookie cutter version of Baby Einstein.  Flowers dance.  There are close up video footage of various cutesy toys in action.  There is classical music.  Foreign language, time telling, lessons in friendship... they are all there, its nothing new.  On the other hand, there is a lot more neon colors.  Really attention grabbing stuff, baby einstein was a lot more understated.The team did a good job of creating the DVD, its nicely done and does not disappoint.  I think the current price of $17ish is a bit of a premium price for what little you get.Juno baby seems to know not to claim its teaching your toddler... they say it will "entertain" your young children while the "lessons on counting and time telling will be relevant for kids up to preschool age".  It never claims that your child under 2 will learn anything, and of course those children are only a subset of the broader demographic.  Juno Baby tries to stay in an area that is "more grey" than Baby Einstein did, but notice it is not "Juno CHILD" its "Juno BABY".  Its really clear that they are targeting the baby market, the preschool angle just seems like they are trying to keep from being slapped.On the other hand, simply claiming that its appropriate for children under the age of 2 goes against the American Academy of Pediatrics, so it will be interesting to see how long that claim stands.  And parents should know that this might not be so great for your baby, no matter how much they appear to enjoy it in rapt attention.In short, Juno Baby simply fills the void that Baby Einstein left after they got smacked down ...I feel that Juno Baby and Baby Einstein are interchangeable, and given what happened to Baby Einstein I do not think that anyone deserves great kudos for creating something that was already found inappropriate.  Trust me, if a corporate giant like Disney decided to refund everyone's money, maybe, just maybe, its really not the best thing after all.If the name had not been Juno BABY and if it had not claimed it was good for children under the age of 2, then I would still give it 3 stars, because its nothing really new, and I don't think its a particularly good price point.
This is the first time I've seen Juno Baby, so I was kind of surprised to see that as a series, the production value was a bit on the... "budget-conscious" side.My daughter seemed interested enough in the songs, but it seemed that the disc was over by the time she really started getting in to it. To be honest, I didn't see anything that stood out compared to things that are on Nick Jr. and PBS. Juno Baby seemed to be a bunch of puppets singing, without much more.The DVD has "extras" like language "flashcards", which I was really interested in. But all it consisted of was about 15 graphics with the associated word in English, Spanish, and French, though not in a very engaging way.If your child is already in to this series, I guess this is an okay addition to your collection. I'd opt forYo Gabba Gabba!, myself... and so would my daughter.
I have a 1 year old and a 4 year old currently.  When my 4 year old was younger, he pretty much watched baby einstein DVD's and then moved to suff on Noggin (Nick Jr.).  I found those shows to be pleasant to watch with him.  Nothing was too annoying by my standards and I found that I enjoyed these shows after a while.  I had the opportunity to give Juno Baby a try so I thought this would be pefect for my almost 1 year old.  As soon as I put this in and heard the characters talk, I immediately said to my wife "we can't watch this or I'll rip my ears off!"  While the content is educational, I am sorry to say that the voice actors use such a "baby talk" sounding voce that is becomes unbearable to watch.My 1 year old found little to no interest in watching this and decided to leave the room!  While 12 months is a tough age for a little one to sit through anything for extended periods of time, my son has sat through most episodes of Blue's Clues and Baby Einstein so I know he does pay attention when he finds something interesting.  The weird thing, however, is my 4 year old sat down and wtached the entire episode of Juno baby (a DVD aimed more at the 12-24 month old).  He answered questions that were asked and responded to the characters.  For that, I give it 3 stars since it did get the attnetion of one of my kids.  Of course, after it was over my 4 year old asked to watch one of his shows now that he watched one of his baby brother's shows.  I guess his insterest was more about "sharing" TV.  So in the end...the DVD did do something.  I just won't get any more of these as the voices really do kill my brain!!
This is a true old school sing along - asking the kids to clap their hands and sing along.  The background music is good, if a little sparse, a single instrument occasionally two instruments.  There is also some counting involved and talking about clocks.  It IS educational, and entertaining to the itty bitties... but as a parent it's not something you are going to want to sit through multiple times.  BUT, since it's 33 minutes long - perhaps it can be used for moms to get a quick thirty minute nap without tears and pestering. (this might work for dads too, though most dads that I know can sleep through most anything) I don't really think this stands out above many of the other kids videos, but fits nicely into the pack.  I personally prefer veggie tales as a parent... the songs are catchier.
The 5 year old and 8 year old were excited for a day or two, then the papers ran out. Not a big problem since we can cut regular pages to fit the size required for this toy. The plastic box feels cheap, but does the trick. It would be great if the producers of this machine would sell individual transparent design sets, so one does not have to buy a whole new machine with a different set of patterns. The images are relatively small - a bigger screen would have been a lot easier to handle.
Ravensburger Xoomy Animals is a simple tool to help kids practice and create their own small drawings. It consists of a base with a light, pieces of paper made to fit easily into the cover, round transparencies with different designs, and a black pen for tracing.The way this artistic tool works is simple enough. You select one of the transparencies, each containing animals, place it on the flat surface over the light, then snap the cover shut. Next, you slide a piece of paper into the top and then, with the black pen, start tracing the design. Once the design is traced, the small piece of paper can be displayed as- is, or colored for added fun and creativity.I like that the Xoomy Animals encourages artistic creativity, but it is easy to see some of the shortfalls of this toy. For one, the light isn't very bright. It is needed to project the image from the transparency to the paper above, for tracing purposes, but it isn't very bright so you may need to close blinds and eliminate other light sources in order to best see the image.  The other thing I wish was different is the paper itself- it isn't standard in size, so you will have to measure and cut your own paper once your kiddos have used up all ten sheets, and this could easily happen the first day they use the toy.On the good side, this toy does encourage kids to draw and then make their own creations by adding their own color. Some may argue that, since kids are only tracing lines, that the creativity isn't good enough, but I disagree because kids can still add their own lines and shapes as they trace, and then color later on. No one says they have to trace every line precisely as presented and stop at that, so there is some creative value.My kids love art and I have found that they do, indeed, like Ravensburger Xoomy Animals. More transparencies would be nice and I would like if the paper holder used more standard size sheets, but this is still a good enough artistic toy to recommend.
When we first received the Xoomy Animals both my younger kids were pretty psyched about trying it out.  It's pretty self-explanatory and we were able to set it up for use quickly.  Of course, the papers it comes with goes quickly and you will need to get paper that size to slide underneath the ridges for the child to trace the picture.  IDK about you but I don't plan on cutting out little squares.  Overall, the girls liked it very much but like I said...with two of them using it they went through the papers quite quickly.
Drawing kits like this have been around forever.  Ravensburger has a good, solid idea on their hands, but the execution of the product makes this a less than exciting product.Pros:-Good idea, been around for ages.-In terms of portability, it is travel friendly in size.Cons:-Because of it's travel friendly size, you can't just use any kind of paper.  You need to cut your own once you run out of the paper provided.-The plastic stencils are a bit sharp. Be careful with them.-The 'fun' factor died down pretty quick here.  It was cool for a few hours, then just sat untouched.-The entire product is a bit flimsy.Overall, stick with Ravensburger for puzzles. This product just didn't hit the mark.
This is a lightweight carry-around toy which illuminates and reduces and enlarges 20 images for children to trace.You get a carrying case, inside of which is the zoom device, 10 pieces of paper, the 20 pictures (stencils) and a pen.The price is alright, it's just that Crayola does offer more versatility in it's drawing products for children and the thrill of this particular product was gone so quickly.I'm not sure every child will become bored with it within a week, but the children in my family tired of it very,very quickly.
As someone with an artist daughter (she is 7) I was eager to see what she thought of this. We loved the projection idea. You can take these disks and place them on the "light table" to create adorable pictures. I really thought my daughter would use this every day but she only used it the one time. I believe it is because there aren't many disks. Don't get me wrong, there are a ton of them (20 to be exact). She wants to create pictures on paper that are large by free hand. She thought this was cute when we pulled it out but after 30 minutes of playing got bored and walked.My son on the other hand (he is 9) loves it. He isn't a great drawer and he is amazed by it. "Look what I drew" is heard a few times a day as he brings something over to show me.He has OT issues with his hands and doesn't do well in the "art department". He always feels very inferior to his friends. When I go to school, he never wants me to see his work on the wall because his friends are much better. He feels that it is "very hard" to draw. Xoomy Animals changed that. I wish there were more discs.Pros:Portable - this is perfect for kids to take with them anywhere. Everything closes up inside a nice, small, carry case.You can mix and match the pictures to create different scenes, animals or whatever.You can change the size of your photo based on the height you set the projector to.Cons:After you use the 20 discs what now?The projector is limited in movement, basically two sizes only.I believe that if the child is less than creative, like my son this is a great gift. I will be telling his OT therapist about it so she can consider it for others. Great way to give them confidence.
My 12 year old daughter tested out this toy. she really liked it but hated the fact that she had to cut up paper to keep on drawing. she was happy with th fact that all the pieces for it can be stored in its own little case. nice little shadowbox but it is very limited. They do sell more sets but you have to repurchase an entirely new shadowbox each time. why can't you just sell templates? the light is not that strong yet requires 4 AA batteries. not sure about battery life just yet. Makes for a nice little portable distraction for car trips or office visits.
I would have really loved this toy if it was better made.  It is a good thing to have on long car trips, but probably won't survive very long.  The idea kept my daughter's attention for quite a while, she accidentally dropped it and cracked the case, which feels like it is very thin plastic.  I put some clear packing tape on the crack to try to keep it from getting worse, we'll see how long it lasts.
This is a fun toy, and is easy to use. It did, however, crack the first time it fell from the table onto a chair. I don't expect toys to withstand huge falls or extreme roughness, but falling 2 feet onto a padded chair shouldn't crack it.
This is a portable light-table that uses small image discs (foils) to cast an outline on a small piece of drawing paper. The set is powered by 4 AA batteries (not included) and comes with one black pen, 20 discs, ten sheets of paper, and a cardboard shade. The discs can be mixed and matched in various ways so that children can produce more than just 20 drawings, and the light can be focused to produce larger or smaller images. All of the supplies can fit inside the case for easy transport.My kids are enjoying this product, and they are proud of the drawings they've produced with it. I am less enamored with it.Pros:-Easy to use.-Everything is included except the batteries.-Design discs can be mixed and matched in creative ways.Cons:-A bit cheaper than I had hoped. It is two plastic shells with a cheap (but focusable) incandescent bulb. The shade is a piece of folded cardboard which slots into the top of the unit. The cardboard is already showing damage and will not be around for much longer.-The light is very weak. To really see the outline that you are drawing, you need low ambient light levels. It can be used in a car during the day (if you were thinking that it might be good for travel) but even with the shade and fresh batteries, the outline is faint.-The paper size is based on a cut up piece of A4 which is not used (except in unusual circumstances) in the U.S. Sure, I don't expect the rest of the world to tailor their products precisely for the U.S. market, but it does mean that one of the product's selling points doesn't apply to the U.S. market.-Likewise, it is a bit of a pain to make new paper for this UNLESS you own a paper cutter. That's not a bad idea, however, if you have kids.-Even with the mix and match possibilities of the 20 discs, the device is ultimately limited.Cheers
I can only mostly ditto the remarks already made by other reviewers.The Ravensburger Xoomy Animals is compact and fun for younger kids.  Had good luck with it with a 4 and a 6 year old.That said, as others have noted, it's also not that sturdy and the paper size is non-standard.  This is *yet another* toy that requires assistance from an adult who will have to pre-cut sheets of paper to fit.  It's not that it's that big a deal for this product. Rather, it's accumulative.  Why couldn't they come up with a more standard size of paper?  Why make more work for the end user?  Okay, enough on that - it's not a deal breaker.If your child likes drawing this product might be of interest.  I would definitely recommend anyone to check this out in a store before buying, however.
I would say this is a nice art project for a rainy day, or a too hot summer day for kids between the ages of 4-9, but even with my 8 year old it was pushing it.It's smaller than I thought it would be, though that's my fault for not paying better attention to the dimensions.  It does require 4 AA batteries, and they are not included so be aware of that.  I thought the bulb was fine, though we tested it in our kitchen, and with the blinds closed in the afternoon we were not dealing with direct sunlight.  We had the case on for about 20 minutes total, and I was pleased that it did not get too hot, something I always worry about with toys like this.There are 20 small discs included, but only 10 pieces of paper.  It isn't hard to cut your own sheets from cheap copy paper, but I wish they would have included more paper, as each drawing uses one sheet, and with kids they can go through them quickly.  My 8 year old enjoyed it, but he is at the age where he is starting to draw on his own, so his interest was somewhat short lived.  My 4 year old tried, but he is still working on fine motor skills, and he had more fun coloring the animals I traced for him.This would be nice on a road trip, as everything stores neatly in the case.  On the other hand, I can get a notebook and some crayons for $4 and get the same results for the most part.It's cute, but I think $25 is overpricing this.
We have weekly game night and I am always excited for new games.  This one seemed to fit a lot of my criteria (as it is by Ravensurger I knew it would be well-made, and it doesn't have 97 different niggling contrived rules- which I hate), but it's just boring.It's basically Tetris in a board game, with no time limit.  Each player has a plastic ramp, with a game card underneath a cover.  Each player has the same set of differently shaped pieces.  Each player places the same piece on their ramp each round (the only difference being the piece you start with - everyone starts with a different piece).  You try to make your pieces fit without too many open spaces.  It's as basic as that.My kids' first reaction was one of incredulity that anyone would choose such a slow moving game over actual Tetris.  Initially I dismissed their reaction as being because of their generation.  But really, even for me, the 50 year old, this game moves slowly and even gets tedious.BOTTOM LINE:  Only mildly interesting.  Migth be good for younger kids to work on spatial awareness. Low skill.
I found this game to be quite boring. I like games likeDominionandDixitand this game is not in the same league at all. I have to admit I am not a huge Tetris fan either so maybe this game will appeal more to fans of Tetris. This is a fun game for a family who likes competition and wou;d be fun for lovers of classic games as well.
I like this line of WOW toy vehicles, but the cement mixer is less engaging than others that we have, such as the garbage truck and the helicopter.  Like other WOW vehicles, there are no batteries.  It is friction powered and will continue to roll after letting it go.  It comes with a driver and a barrier.  There is a place to put the driver in front and on top.When the truck is pushed the cylinder spins, but that is about all there is to it.  It is just not that exciting.  These toys probably work better at the lower end of the recommended age range.  It just pales in comparison to the Catepillar and Bruder vehicles my son has received.  Several reviewers complain about the noise.  The friction induced sound on the truck is loud, but no louder than any of the annoying electronic sounds on our other toys.
This toy is cute, brightly colored, and entertaining, but the friction movement makes it hard to push for little hands. When it is pushed, the cement mixer spins, but I ended up doing most of the pushing when I showed this to my 31/2 year old grandson. He quickly became frustrated and disinterested. So cute idea, but too difficult for the little ones to enjoy.
So my nephews like this truck, but here's the big problem. It's loud and after about 30 min of this with 2 boys, it may drive you insane. I come from a huge family and my in laws are very loud people, so I don't think I'm overly sensitive to noise, but this toy became obnoxious for me. We have many toys in this house that make noises, most have volume adjustments, not on this.We let them play with the toy downstairs on their own but they are at the age where they don't need constant supervision. 2 & 5. I also want to say that the 5 yr old gets tired of this very quickly. The 2 year old however does not.
The premise is simple and very kid friendly. Add pouch #1 to bath water (very little bath water) and the water magically changes to blue goo. Play for a bit and then add pouch #2 to the tub and the goo will magically liquify.My daughter did take great delight with the science experiment aspect of it. So, we had to find out what it is: sodium polyacrylate (think disposable diaper granules). How it dissolves (salt, literally table salt) - so if you are having trouble dissolving it - just add more salt (e.g. table salt, and your problems will disappear, literally).However, it did not stand the fun test. One packet was not enough for even goobifying one 2.5 inch tub of water (standard tub, and yes, we got the ruler out). It was definitely not solid - a very loose gel, which is not particularly entertaining. So she lost interest in the goo itself in less than 10 minutes. Same thing second time. So, in the bath? Under our use, it was just a waste of bath water. If I were to use this again (highly doubtful I'd buy it), I would go for a sink or play tub - a much smaller container for better goo production. I'm not thrilled about putting it down the sink either, so a plastic tub would help avoid that. Realistically, I'd milk the science experiment aspect and just make my own -Superabsorbent Diaper Polymer 1 lb Sodium Polyacrylate.Bottom line: Meh. Not worth it.
Overall the Squishy Baff Bath kit was an interesting concept, but in execution it freaked both of my daughters out a little bit.  The idea is simple, put a packet into the bath and have it turn into a squishy mixture.  Put another packet in after that and have it return to normal bath water.  The first packet worked great, the water turned into a blue squishy mixture.  My oldest daughter (2.5 yrs old) did get used to it eventually and actually enjoyed it.  The biggest issue that I had was that the second packet did not dissolve the mixture... so we were stuck draining all the water out of the tub and starting all over again.If you have older kids, they'll probably get a kick out of it.  It's a fun little science lesson and all the ingredients appear to be safe.
Squishy Baff is a neat and creative way to get kids to want to take a bath and have some fun. My niece loved playing with the little blue bath balls in the tub. She thought it was so cool that her bath water turned into squishy little balls just like that. She was having so much fun that we had to force her out of the tub. With that being said the clean-up is not as fun as the squishy baff itself. As others have said even if you follow directions step by step this stuff does NOT dissolve all the way. I got most of it to dissolve and then I scooped the rest into a trash bag instead of letting it go down the drain. After all of the fun I made my niece get a normal bath and get cleaned up from the squishy baff because you can't call that a bath with all those little blue balls. My niece had a lot of fun so I didn't have an issue with the clean up process.If you are looking for a new fun thing for the tub then I do recommend squishy baff. The reason I gave this product 3 stars is because the product did not dissolve all the way as advertised and I had to give my niece another bath after she was finished playing with it. For the price it is a fun way for kids to enjoy their bath.
My little granddaughters had a wonderful time playing with this gooey stuff, which mixes up easily. The solution that's provided to dissolve it also works well. But the girls did spread the blue ooze all over the tub, so it took more than a quick swish to remove all the traces. I'm not sure whether the chemicals in this product are harmful to the environment or not, but no harm has been done to our plumbing.
I will be the first to admit that when I saw a commercial for this stuff I was totally turned off. It seems to unhygienic and scarily chemical filled. When I was offered the chance to try it, I jumped at it. Mostly because my children are so curious about it.It arrived with 2 packets of the 'goopy stuff' and 2 of the 'antidote'. I followed the directions and ran the tub with slightly warm water up to 2.5 inches high. I poured in the blue packet and used my hand to mix it around. I could immediately tell it was getting thicker. My son put his feet over the edge and said it was very squishy between his toes.In the next 4 minutes, it became increasingly thick. The blue dye seemed to just color the water and the thickness itself was more like clear lumps of jello. My son had a bathing suit on (due to my fear of the 'ickiness') and slipped into the tub. He thought it was great. By 10 minutes, it was much more thick and easy to squish in your hand, cling to the body and become stuck to the walls when splashed. He played for about 5 more minutes until he declared himself done.I opened the other packet and emptied it in. In another handful of minutes, the chunks of goop were smaller and we opened the drain. Everything went right down and we sprayed the rest of the shower and my son off. No residue from the blue coloring, which was my big worry. No drain clogging, no residue on my son or his swim trunks.So all in all, it worked like it was supposed to, it was simple and no harm done and my kids had 30 minutes of fascinating time playing with something they couldn't describe. This would be a great gift for a kid, a great fun thing to do on vacation or just a fun time waster.
It's weird and goopy and my 6 and 11 year old loved it. If we had put it in a kiddie pool or bucket outside, I would have loved it, too. As it is, we're left scooping the undissolved mess out of our tub and hoping the drain won't be clogged. We also had to take goopy kids through the house to the other bathroom to rinse them off. Again, if we'd done it outside, we could have just used the hose.
Since this kit came with enough for 2 baths, I thought I would try it first in the real bath tub-HUGE MISTAKE! I followed the directions exactly (putting the correct amount of water, etc.) and when I put the deactivating agent in, it didn't work, so I ended up having to water it down and wait it out.  I decided to use the second batch in a baby pool outside-that was a MUCH better choice! The jelly still worked as well and the clean up was SOOOO much easier (I just dumped it in the grass and hosed it down and it didn't kill the grass!)My kids (1 and 3) REALLY enjoyed playing in it-it creates a jell-o like so it's fun to play with sand toys (sieve, bucket, shovel, etc.) Overall, it was OK once, but I don't know that I would get it to use again, it was a lot of mess and work for something that fun.
No, I didn't mean for that to rhyme.After reading all the reviews, we decided to do this outside in a little wading pool we bought.  I didn't want to risk it mucking up my baths.My husband set the pool up and our kids-ages 4 and 8-along with our niece set about waiting for the water to 'gellify.'"How long does this take?"  Our 8 year old asked.The directions say 5-10 minutes, but it seems to go a bit quicker if you mix it up with your hands.  By the time the gel was where it was supposed to be, it looked like a diaper had exploded and the kids thought it was awesome!  They scooped up handfuls of the stuff and squished them between their fingers and toes.  It looked like blue jell-o that didn't quite set up.It didn't hold their attention for long, they preferred the slip and slide, so we set about dissolving the stuff.  Again, it seemed to work better if you manually mixed it in.  It didn't completely 'turn it back to water,' but it dissolved it enough that it doesn't look like a pack of Pampers exploded in my yard.This is definitely an 'outdoor' toy, while I think the dissolving salts did the job well enough that most of it would drain, you will still be left with little granules in your tub, and that isn't my thing.On the other hand, at this price point, this isn't necessarily something I would buy my kids, especially when they had more fun running through our sprinkler and spraying each other with the hose.
This was my families first Juno Baby DVD. I've heard of Juno baby and liked what I heard about why Juno baby was made (something like the person who started it is a composer who wanted to bring classical music to kids). I want my children (3yr boy + 2yr girl) to appreciate good music, and the Juno Baby characters and graphic style looked like what my kids like. And the kids did like it--for a day.After that the kids would start watching it, but they lost interest pretty quick.I sat down and watched it with them recently, and it didn't grab my interet either--but that's true for most of their videos.There were things I liked. I liked the music, and I liked creativity in the video sections. and I liked the music teaching.I've tried to put my finger on what it is that makes it not great. But it just really comes down to that I ask the kids if the want to watch it and they say "No".
I gave the Barbie Hug 'N' Heal Pet Doctor to my eight year old Daughter for Christmas, and it didn't seem to make too much of an impression. I thought it was very cool (And so did my two year old Son!), but it probably missed impressing my Daughter by a year or two. I can't recall her picking it up once since then. That said, it's a cute toy, and has some neat features that she would have loved a few years ago. I think this would be a great toy for girls between 3 and 7 years of age.
I can say that the "bag" part of this toy is really well constructed. It's nicely made with no loose threads or pieces hanging off of it.  The accessories, however are the standard cheap plastic. Fairly durable, but nothing spectacular.The stuffed animal isn't all that great. Not much better than the kind you generally pick from the "claw" vending machines at the amusement park.  I wasn't overly impressed.Honestly, I expected my daughter to be in love with this toy. She absolutely loved her doctor kit, and she loves puppies, so I assumed this would be a huge hit. It wasn't.  There just wasn't anything especially new or spectacular about this.  She quickly discarded the accessories, played with the puppy and forgot all about the bag in less than a week.  Not what I expected for the price.Of course every child is different. I thought this would be far more interesting and educational if the dog made sounds when you gave it a "check up" but it didn't.It's pretty much just a stuffed animal in a bag.
Wrapping presents is always a bit of a pain, and I thought that anything that makes it easier is well worth the cost. Well, for the most part I did not find this tool very helpful. Basically, it's a cutting blade on the end of a stick, which you slide along the paper, theoretically cutting in quick and easy manner.As for me, I was not completely impressed with the results. Often the paper cut just a quickly and neatly as the commercials show, but sometimes something went wrong and the paper bunched and tore. I suspect that my problem was that (unlike in the commercials) I was cutting on a non-firm surface (a bed, to be exact), and the paper was thin rather than being thick and firm.So, under the right circumstances this does cut very well and quickly, but under the wrong circumstances it does not cut as well as does a pair of scissors.(Review of Scotch Gift Wrap Cutter)
I was really excited to try this product because I always seem to have a fit with scissors and wrapping paper--yes, even using sharp scissors. And at first I was thrilled--it seemed to glide through the paper like a hot knife through butter...but the more I used it (on various quality and types of papers), it had times when it jammed the paper, so it's not always perfect. I think it would be a handy thing to have on hand so you can try it with certain rolls of paper you have, but I would still have scissors ready just in case.
So, I thought this would be great for Christmas wrapping, and insome cases it was. The description says it is not designed for thick paper, however, my problems were with thin paper....not tissue type, just paper that was a little thinner than normal. This was a bummer because it would kind of crinkle every few inches and the paper would also rip....so, back to the scissors (nothing beats a good sharp scissor). So, why 3 stars instead or 1? Well, I thought I would try it on thick paper and if you are quick to start the cut and don't stop it did a great job! The blade is hidden and out of reach and I would use this for large gifts that require a lot of wrapping....as long as the paper is right. You cannot stop halfway, so plan ahead.....well, you can, but then it's tricky to start the cut again and you kind of have to back up a bit and then start again (sometimes it worked, sometimes it didn't). I think that overall I will stick with my scissors, but I can see how someone might like this. When I used it with the thicker paper (not extra thick) it did save me time. The problem is that overall it slowed me down, and so I would say if you are going to use any kind of higher end paper, etc., stick with a good, sharp scissor, if not, you might take a chance. Keep in mind that you will still need a good scissor for tissue, etc., so it's hard to show any real value here. Buy some good scissors!
In a perfect world, we could all use every tool well. Life seldom works that way.This tool's chief utility I think is for those that have difficulty gripping scissors and yet wish to do a lot of gift packing.  People like to express themselves wrapping gifts; unfortunately this task can also become more difficult with age and debilitating hand conditions such as arthritis.My criticism is that it is hard to get the cut started. Although I did notice that that became easier with practice.  It took a few tries to get a perfect cut off a roll of wrapping paper, but then the cuts were straight, clean, & quick.This  is a nifty little tool. It is well priced and readily accessible.  There is little likelihood of injury with this product.
This works well for cutting paper, as it is simply a razor blade with plastic casing to protect users. Doesn't do well with cellophane or anything plastic, as expected.It got left on a counter and my 7-yr-old picked it up, thinking it was his toothbrush!  Thank goodness he didn't try to brush with it.  It does look strinkingly similar to all of our newer toothbrushes.gripes:When the blade becomes dull, you have to throw it out and buy another one. That's not very environmentally friendly.The price for one runs around $5, which in my humble opinion is way over-priced for a cutting tool that probably cost pennies to make. Half that price would have been about right.
This will not be a lenghty review because the use and premise of this product is pretty basic.  Use this product and you will be able to clip and slice your way through thousands of papers without a tad of frustration and now with a useful little ribbon curler; that is what the ad wants you to believe.  Now the truth...  It is useful for just slicing through straight lines and just that.  When Christmas rolls around or when you have a whole bunch of gifts to wrap then I suggest pulling this tool out.  Now if you are wrapping your presents in cheap thin dollar store paper then grab your nice sharp kitchen shears because the scotch cutter will jam up and tear the paper.  When I used thick wrapping paper it would slice through nicely with barely any maneuvering.A new addition is the "ribbon curler" in the thumb area.  That is extrememly useful and find it to be much more comfortable than using a big bulky scissor.Recommend when you have a big pile of gifts to wrap with quality paper; any other time you will find yourself returning to that outdated and wonderful invention: the scissor!
Well, I agree with all the good stuff about this cutter:(1) It is safe & the sharp edges are protected with plastic(2) Sharp enough so that a smooth glide is enough to cut the paper(3) Easy to turn & move (makes it easy to shape paper cutting)But on the down side, if you were to cut open a gift wrap - it would be very difficult to get a start.  you may need to use a key or a small knife to make a start and then use this tool to rip through the remainder of the gift wrap.
I really like the simple concept of this toy, especially the fact that it is self-contained.  No hunting down a lost piece.  And it's kind of fun.  I've spent a little time sliding the marble around myself.  The flaw is that most of the numbers are molded onto the plastic track rather than printed in a different color.  This makes those numbers nearly impossible to see from certain angles.  Now you're holding the ball so the marble stays precariously on the track and it's not the same angle you need to see the number to which you were trying to take that marble.  How's that for annoying?
As other reviewers have pointed out, this kit does not come with any instructions. That would have been an automatic deal-breaker, if those same helpful reviewers hadn't pointed out how you can obtain and print out the directions online. (Amazon had a GREAT price on this, otherwise the fact that the manufacturer was too cheap to include instructions would have made this a "Do not purchase!" item right off the bat.)My ten-year-old Daughter loves Science, and was thrilled to receive this set. I will warn you that this is not a good idea for "Hands off" Parents...be prepared to get in the trenches with your kids and potentially get messy. A lot of the experiments were below her level of Scientific knowledge, but we didn't mind. We had fun playing with the set together, and that's worth the price of admission. There aren't really 70 different experiments, by the way...far from it. Some of what the manufacturer considers as "experiments" include filling a test tube with water and using it as a vase, or burying it and using it as a time capsule. Basically, if you don't have high hopes of using this kit to educate your child, and if the price is right, it's not a bad way to have some fun with your kids.
I love science.  I'm an engineer and a father, and science fills our lives.  I am always looking for great science projects to do with my kids and things they can do on their own.  The problem is that chemistry and science kits today are dumbed down from the kits when I was a kid - they tend to be mostly toys, lacking some of the cooler experiments I remember.  Want to know why kids want to be lawyers rather than scientists and engineers?  I blame the dumbing down of science through programs like STEM, but I digress - this is a review of a product, and I want to make sure you know if it is something to buy your kid.  I will review it for what it is - a kids toy science kit.So you hand this to your kids and tell them to have fun with it.  First problem, the activities are really for a 5-7 year old, but the instructions are written for a kid who is at least 9 or older.  MyThe Magic School Bus - Chemistry Labcame with colorful cards each with an experiment.  This "Big Bag" comes with a black and white instruction book filled with dense text and instructions.  You can't just hand this to your kids and off they go - you need to read it with them.  Not much of a toy if the kid can't even play with it themselves.The first "experiment" is to put 3 different color alka-seltzer tablets into one of three different test tubes.  Yes - you've colored water.  If your kid has made lemonade, they've done this one.  The second is to hold the test tubes up to light to "mix" the light color (ever held up two balloons to the light?  I thought so).  The third is to mix the colored water with a pipette.  Yes - if your kids play with paint, they've done this too.  Lots of the experiments are various types of hygroscopic chemicals (powder, marbles, shapes) that you get wet, watch swell, and then color with the alka-seltzer.Even for these, the powders and hygroscopic shapes come in relatively poor quality plastic baggies that can't really be resealed.  Other similar kits I have bought have resealable jars or bottles.  These cheap baggies just make a mess and really only let you use them once.The coolest was the calcium chloride and sodium alginate - make a solution of calcium chloride and drizzle in sodium alginate and you get cool long streams of worms.  Okay - it was fun, but once you do it once, you've used up all the material for it.Some of the more interesting experiments require things not included.  Yes - the first page of the kit tells you things that "you get it" yourself (meaning you have to search the house for it), including a nail, bowl, cup, string, spoon, ruler, straw, battery, ziplock bag, mixing tray, etc.  Lots of the experiments require 2-liter bottles of soda.  So after coloring water and making slimy shapes, you will be running out for 2-liter soda bottles.70 activities is also a bit of an exaggeration.For example:Activity 62: Flower Holder.  Fill the test tube with water and use it as a flower vase.Activity 64: Message in a Bottle. Place a message in the test tube and seal it with a cap.  Put it in the pool and float to a friend.Activity 69: Rhythm Tube.  Fill the test tube with beads and pebbles and shake it.  Yes - this is "Life Science".The worst... Activity 57: Time Capsule.  Use the large test tube to hide a message to open in the future.In other words, this is a toy, and not a good one at that.  My kids all agreed that the Magic School Bus was a better overall kit.  It is more colorful and fun - neither has really advanced chemistry, but the Magic School Bus was at least more interesting for them to do on their own.3 stars - yes my kids had fun with a couple of the slimy shapes and goo slime they made, but it wasn't worth the cost of the kit.
Tried this toy out thinking it might be a fun coordination builder.  It got old after about 5 minutes.  I get the appeal, but bouncing a ball on this can only provide so much variation and entertainment.  I know some of the reviewers like it, but I'd rather go out an play a little badminton, tennis or such.
Remember when you were a kid having a ball on a string attached to a small wooden paddle where the object is to hit the ball with the paddle?  So, this toy is basically the high-tech version of that paddle ball game. It beeps and keeps score and makes all kinds of distrating noises; and the ball is not attached (which actually makes it harder because you have to run all over the room trying to recapture the ball once it rolls away). But otherwise it's the same idea.There are different game types that you select by scrolling through the menu button located on the base by the handle:1. MAX BOUNCE: get as many bounces within 30 seconds2. INFINITY BOUNCE: how many bounces can you get in a row3. HANG TIME: you get 5 chances to see how high can you bounce (measures time between bounces)4. RIGHT HEIGHT: the voice shuffles out different commands (whether to go for high or low bounce)5. LITTLE MIDDLE BIG: you bounce the ball low, then middle, then high6. FREE FORM: basic freestyle with soundsGame lists age range as 8+. I would tend to agree with this. My 6 year old could manage somewhat but got frustrated. The other thing I found frustrating is that the toy stores high scores. This is retained in the toy's memory. There didn't seem to be a way to reset the scores. I tried pressing and holding down the button, removing the batteries, nothing seemed to work. You'd think this would be a good thing, but the problem was that my son would get frustrated that he couldn't beat his dad's high score, so no matter how much he improved at a game or how well he did, the voice prompts that kept reminding him that he was not getting a good score were sort of defeating to him. The other problem was that once he figured out how to cheat (hold the ball in your hand and keep hitting it against the base sensor) the stored scores ended up meaning nothing and not being a good motivator for improving score. I suppose I'm trying to make it into more of an educational tool than I should, but that's just me.Anyway, we quickly lost interest in this game and it has not been even touched since the first weekend it came into the house.
This game started out fun, but it gets old pretty quick.  How many ways can you bounce a ball?  This game actually has quite a few and each of them are enjoyable for a little while.  The saved high scores keep you playing longer than you normally would as each player tries to beat the other's high scores.  My young daughters did not really enjoy it, but I can see it helping with hand-eye coordination if they actually wanted to play with it more than a few minutes.  There is nothing revolutionary about this game so if you normally like an active, competitive game then you will probably find this enjoyable, but if you have a short attention span or are lacking in hand-eye coordination you may want to pass on the Bop It Bounce.
We really wanted to like this game and tried to play it on a few separate occasions, thinking that maybe we were just missing something. Overall, our reaction was just 'meh'. I think this game would be a lot of fun with a group of teenagers or adults, it's just a bit too challenging for younger kids. You really do need 5 or 6 players to play, 3 or 4 just didn't work for us.
This game centers around the idea of "transmission error" like many games do, including the old game of telephone where you would whisper a sentence around a circle of people and then marvel at how much it changed by the time it reached the end.After playing this game a couple of time, I think this game is best suited for sleepover parties.The basic idea is that you start with a phrase and you draw it.  Then, a second person either looks at the picture (without looking at the phrase) and writes a phrase that they think describes the picture.  Then, a third person only looks at the second person's phrase, and draws a picture of it.  And it continues on and on... person 4 looks at person 3's picture, and writes a phrase, and person 5 looks at person 4's phrase and draws a picture.In the beginning you get to pick from three phrases, which are all pretty ridiculous.  Like "who gave the monkey the hula hoop" or "There is a rhino on the trampoline".  In short, they are phrases that no one would ever say.  The rhino on the trampoline quickly becomes a cat in a playpen.To win you either have to be able to select which scribble you started with (1 point per round) or have the funniest (possibly 5 points per round).  So being ridiculously funny often wins the game.  But actually we stopped scoring after the first two rounds, and we stopped using the timer after the first 3 minutes.There is no reward for drawing accurately, or for having the same phrase you started with.  And based on the ridiculous phrases they provide you can be sure that the final picture will be completely different anyway.As such I think it would be a great sleepover game for giggly kids who want to act completely ridiculous anyway.  For adults it is fun to play once or twice in a night, but many adults will get tired of the randomness after a couple of plays.  Other adults I know would probably enjoy playing it all night but they would be in the minority.So, its like the telephone game, re-created to have scribbles.  Its a good gift for the 'tween in your life.
We usually love Cranium games because they ask participants to be creative and not follow rigid rules.Unfortunately for us, this game fell short.The premise is to choose a phrase from a card (with three choices) draw a picture that represents that phrase and then hide your picture temporarily. No one knows your phrase or which picture you drew. All participants put their pictures (on provided scroll holders) in a pile and then picks up someone elses. The rounds continue as you take turns writing a phrase that matches the picture or drawing a picture of how you interpret the previous phrase. Eventually, you need to guess which one was yours at the beginning by only looking at the last (and probably most mangled) picture on your scroll - all other pictures and phrases, including the original one, are hidden. So this is a lot like a picture version of the old telephone game, where you try to see how a message is mangled by the time it gets to the end of a line of translators.The problems arise in a few ways: the phrases are just not specific enough and are subject to huge interpretation. The ability of the illustrator can be a real detriment, especially if it is a smaller child. If you are playing with a few children and adults, the children are at a real disadvantage. It is much easier to spot who did what drawing just by knowing the people you are playing with. That makes family play difficult.This was a Cranium disappointment unfortunately. Perhaps a larger group of adults would be good but a mix of family and kids just doesn't cut it.
Everyone in my family loves board games.Whether you'll like this game mainly depends on whether you like the original Sorry.  In my opinion, the game (both original Sorry and Sorry Spin) is too simple for adults, but perfect for young children.  Although there are a couple of new elements, this game plays very similarly to the original.  The game pieces are pretty, and the I really like the spinning gears that comprise the board.  One aspect I find valuable is that you can let someone else win, and you have some control over how long the game will last.  If you've played with young kids, you understand the value of these attributes.It's flexible enough in how you divide your moves, on certain cards, that you do have an element of strategy, but this game is mostly one of luck.  I think it would be a great aid to a child learning how to count, or working on subtraction skills.The board does not fit back into the box, once assembled, so I simply never put it back in there.  Nothing on the board broke... but I just don't think it will last if I keep snapping it together and apart.  I got a medium pizza box (clean and unused) and it solved the problem.  Having something more than a piece of cardboard to play on really helps keep kids interested.To sum it up: if you really like Sorry, consider buying this game.  If you're looking for something as complex as holographic nuclear laser chess, this isn't what you're looking for.
In my family, We used to play the classic game "Sorry" quite often. This variation on the classic game adds an interesting twist to the gameboard but unfortunately the solidity of the product is questionable. It was not that easy to put together and doesn't give the user confidence that the game will last a long time, especially when playing with kids who tend to be rough with things (mine). I was offered to review this product for the Vine program and so my game was free to me, but I cannot believe that the cost of the game is worth the low quality of the board. (Another oddity to me, is that the red pieces go with the clearly orange board. To me, they don't look like the same color. This may not be a huge deal, but it does point to the cheap production of the toy,  which is the overall flaw of this game.)
I've always loved the original Sorry. This new Spin version can be just as much fun, but the magic is clouded by the flimsy plastic contraption feel of the game. The need for it to be assembled can dissuade the traditional board gamer from taking the time to set it up - not that it's difficult, but simply that it is an additional step which needs to be done.It plays remarkably similar to original Sorry. With its simple, unpredictable card-based game play and its quick turnaround action, Sorry Spin can be great fun, but it is hardly a replacement to its predecessor. I prefer the sensation of thumping pawns along on a durable one-piece classic board over the airy feel of a hollow plastic system of cogs.It's a little bit different. It's fun. I just prefer the original.
This is for my 3 year old grandson and he loved it. It is a little messy, probably less so with older children. My little guy did enjoy playing with this toy all by himself. The fact that it stores all the play doh in the toy itself is a really nice feature. we leave it out on the front porch (we have a screened in patio area in front) where he plays with this toy. I don't think I'd want him playing with it on a carpeted floor without lots of newspaper under it. The pad it comes with is useless. He didn't enjoy trying to match the confusing blank shapes with the designs on the square pieces. As a three year old, he wasn't cutting the shapes out of the square stamped piece.All in all, it is a nice and fun toy, though I think it's a little over priced and not my favorite of all toys.
We gave this to my little boy on his fourth birthday.  Previously, he had had a reasonably decent past with Play Doh, could sort of take it or leave it.  We thought this toy might super-invigorate his interest in Play Doh, and it did for the first day he owned it (you know how preschoolers are -- give them a piece of driftwood and they're over the moon for the first day).It is cute, and it seems to work well, but the chute where you put the PD into the Fun Factory is hard to get clean as you transition from one color to the next.I think if you have a kid who is in love with Play Doh generally, this toy would be a good buy.  It's not going to be terribly impressive long-term for a kid who thinks Play Doh is just so-so.
My 3-year-old was initially very excited about this toy, but the newness wore off quickly.Pros:- Lets kids learn about the process of making things in a "factory" line- Fun, bright colors: comes with 6 small cans of play-dough- Moving conveyor belt adds some interestCons:- Very hard to clean out all of the excess play-dough that is left in the toy after use- The "stamper wheel" shape selector is designed in such a way that the child can't see what shape he's trying to select on the wheel. The picture gets covered up by the plastic wheel holder, so they not only can't see what shape is selected, but it's hard to tell if it's even lined up properly to stamp correctly on the assembly line.- This toy came with the most ridiculous "security" packaging I have EVER seen on any toy. It took about 20 minutes to unpack and get it ready for play (cut ties, install batteries, etc).- Once the initial new excitement and learning process wears off, this toy seems to move in slow motion. The conveyor belt should have adjustable speeds for when the child gets proficient at the process.Overall:I wouldn't buy this toy again. My child was bored with it after 1 week. I think the concept is cool, but the execution is disappointing.
I love puzzles, but don't have a place to just leave them out. I've long used the felt roll-up storage, but I thought this might be a neat alternative.If I had stopped to think about it, I would have anticipated the size. It's definitely large! Just to give you a mental picture of size, you would need approximately double the amount of space that your average 1000 piece puzzle would take up. (However, it is not large enough for anything over 1000 pieces.)I like the compartments for sorting, because I am a huge sorter! The compartments are of varying sizes, which is quite handy. I also like the fact that the puzzle surface is actually a thick, sturdy piece of cardboard that is removable. That allows a lot of flexibility, especially considering the size of the case. When the cardboard is placed over the compartments and the case is snapped shut, the incomplete puzzle is protected, and the pieces remain separated. And, when it's time to put the puzzle away to clear table space, clean-up is much quicker and easier than with the roll-up storage.I would add two thoughts:1) Several reviewers have mentioned the need to keep this flat. That is definitely a necessity! I have wondered if a thin piece of foam placed atop the puzzle board would allow the board to be stored vertically, but I haven't tried it. I don't care so much about carrying the case horizontally - that is not a problem for me. Storing, on the other hand, would be easier in my specific situation were I able to store it vertically.2) Care must be taken to ensure the edges and corners are firmly snapped in place when closing the case! It actually sounds and feels like it has snapped before it is actually fully in place. While this isn't a huge deal if the case is kept horizontal, it is something to pay attention to.In all honesty, if I hadn't received this through Vine, I'm not sure it's something I would have bought. But, now that I have it, I just might get back into putting puzzles together a little more regularly since clean-up will be so much easier.
Handles on the long side of the Ravensburger Puzzle Store sent me the message that it should be carried using the handles for transporting an enclosed undertaken jigsaw puzzle, but that assumption was wrong.  I do not understand why it has handles in the first place since they are not used for the operation or transportation of this case.  The only difference between the top and bottom exterior is that the top has a white, "OPEN HERE" by the handle.  The puzzle piece graphic design which is on both sides of the case is lovely but the Ravensburger logo along the lower right corner of both sides is not attractive.  Constructed of a heavy duty plastic material, the plastic coated paper which encases the entire "store" has already pulled away from two corners at the interior, and I've not even assembled an entire puzzle yet.  The premise for this item is that you assemble your puzzle of 300-100 pieces which measures a maximum of 20 x 27 inches on the black poster board which can be placed on the opened top section of the case.  Pieces may be grouped and stored in the five molded compartments  on the bottom half.  When you're done, you then slide the poster board over, positioning it atop the compartments.  Close the case and be sure to press on all sides to click it into place, then horizontally store your puzzle until you're ready to work on it again.  If your assembled puzzle seems to slip around, you can cover it with something to better be grasped by the grooved side.  I used a piece of fabric for mine.Being that this needs to be opened in order to be used, you will need a space to accommodate its larger size (45" x 30"), so it may not be the best choice for a small home.  Additionally, I was hoping that I could use this on my lap, but it's too large and although it's sturdy, it's not sturdy enough to withstand body movement.  It does come in handy for the times when I've undertaken a puzzle on my only table top and I have guests coming over.  I close the Ravensburger Puzzle Store and carefully carry it in a horizontal position by not using the handles and place it on the bed until the table is once again available for puzzle work.  Since I'm limited in a small condo I do not put it on the floor for storage at any time.Despite it's limitations, I've found this to be superior to any rollup puzzle storer I've used and it's more sturdy than another similar style of case which relied on elastic straps for closure.  I hope it lasts a very long time because it's quite expensive and I'm not likely to purchase a replacement.  I'd recommend this to a puzzle fan who has a larger living space than I.  I do prefer Ravensburger puzzles and had expectations for this to be of a high quality.
We played this game at a family gathering with older teens and adults. We found the directions to be somewhat confusing and interpreted them as best we could to make the game work. The game seemed to be fun if you know the people you are playing with, but we all agreed it wouldn't work as well if you didn't. And despite the creator's insistence to the contrary, we found the game to be a bit more cerebral, not so much 'laugh out loud'. Then again, maybe we just weren't playing it right. Suffice it to say, we probably won't be hauling out Truth Be Told to terribly often.
Truth Be Told Drink a lot of alcohol before playing....Lets be clear,most of the games I pick to play , I have the need to dirty them up in some way. If you cant be naughty in a game, I don't want to play it :)Truth Be Told, you can so dirty this up!!How the game is played? you must have 3-8 players, the point of the game is to each have blank cards (which are provided, and they are sort of like mini dry erase boards that look like speech bubbles from a comic book) There are a box of questions (564 in all) each person gets a card, and a marker and a paddle (no, i know, I thought the same thing its really just to write the real answer on) There is also a scoreboard to write each players name on. You then choose a color to play for the entire game- blue orange green or purple-which just breaks up the questions into groups.The player with the most recent birthday is the host for the first round. the host then draws the question and reads it aloud:"I think people would be jealous of my ______""The thing I search for most on the internet is _____""A food I can eat everyday is____""Im a fast_____"Im not kidding about how dirty it can be!!The host then secretly writes a truthful...or in my case the naughtiest ...answer they can give. All the other people pretend to be the host and write "bluff" answers on the blank cards, then give them face down to the host (hint: dont pass them on a couch or carpet, it will wipe the answers off!) the host looks through the cards and duplicates are returned and must be written anew (this is where you can totally put your host pants on and yell UNACCEPTABLE! and give it back) The tyrannical host then reads all the answers aloud including their own in it, all players then vote on what is the true answer by writing on their paddles (you can spank with them, its totally okay) they cant vote on their own answer (cheaters)  when all votes are in, everyone reveal the answers in a dramatic flourish (host first) the host then in their own interpretive dance moves reveals the one true answer they wrote and everyone just falls down in total worship and laughter and "lively banter" (straight from the directions) And a round of shots.scoring:playas get one point for correctly voting for true answerthe host gets one point for each vote the true answer getsand a playa gets one vote for completely lying to everyone and bluffing like a boss.The first player to 15 points. OR the first to pass out and everyone write on them with the markers Wins!!!I tend to always change the rules, and what is great about this game is that there are ENDLESS ways to do that.Truth Be Told....go get this game.
Truth Be Told seems like the sort of social game that should be fun in all situations but after repeated play, that is not the case.Pros - In a large group (6-8) with folks who have enough knowledge about each other to bluff, the game is much of what it promises.  A fun social-interaction where you laugh a lot at the interactions.Cons* The game doesn't work well in a number of circumstances - across generations some of the questions don't apply.* The game doesn't work if the players don't have any knowledge of each other which sometimes happens for some members in larger groups.* A couple of the questions do open the door to "serious" consideration - we dropped those from use to avoid negative feelings.* In small groups, 3-4 players, the host's right answer is pretty obvious.* Duplicate answers must be changed so if you match the host the card is returned to you to be changed and the idea is to bluff something that the host might say, so this does come up from time to time.  We ignored this rule after a few plays and adjusted the scoring.* The rules and scoring are a bit confusing and complicated for a "social" game. The first time around this is frustrating and then you end up adapting them to make more sense.* Finally, the cards you hand in to the host are "wipable" to be cleaned afterwards and in the process of being handled the marker comes off or smudges.It is not that the game is terrible - it is that the game needed more forethought by the manufacturers.  Most people won't want to make all the adjustments to make it playable.  After a few times, even when we had the folks over who had fun with it, they wanted to play something else instead, so that means to me that even among folks who have enjoyed it, it doesn't have the staying power of Apples to Apples, Cranium, etc.
My kids find the GoGo Pup very entertaining.  They are quite young, and as such can't be left unattended with it, though they enjoy watching it walk and bark.  They want to pick it up and hug it, but it's not particularly plush or light.  It's definitely made for floor entertainment and that's it.  It comes with batters, and as it arrives on "Try Me," mode, a setting that activates upon interaction but turns off when idle, the box shakes and rattles...  and barks.  The remote on the leash has buttons for the Pup to move forward, left and right.  As long as you stay on level floor it glides along fine.  It doesn't handle uneven surfaces well, which begs the question of just how well it would do on most streets, where it is pictured being used on its packaging.  Its turn radius isn't very precise, and it doesn't back up.  If you are using Pup in a tight area, you will have to pick it up and turn it around quite a lot.  Seems natural in theory, as dogs rarely back up.  But for a toy that rolls along, this seems to be an oversight in smooth function.  It also sheds terribly.My kids are young, younger than the recommended age for the toy, so they will not be playing with it unattended, or using the leash.  The leash disconnected at the collar, so the Pup can be played with solo and still enjoy its barking, frolicking antics.  It's fun.  I don't imagine it will entertain them for long, which makes me think the suggested age range on the package is more for safety reasons and not true developmental interest.
The FurReal Friends City Center Play Set was a big hit when my kids first saw the package.  Even though it looked a bit girly my son was very eager to get the package open.  Unfortunately the construction for this set is strictly for adults and requires patience.  It looks overwhelming at first but is actually quite easy.  Once built, my son and daughter really enjoyed watching the little bunny run around the track while making silly sounds.  Unfortunately subsequent play time became less and less until the kids were finally bored and had moved on.  This set definitely is attractive to kids but they get bored quickly.*** Positive Points Include: ***-  Cute bunny figure that makes silly sounds-  The city has plenty of activities for the bunny to run around in-  Kids are initially wowed by the set and are very excited to be able to play with it.*** Negative Points Include: ***- Building the set seems overwhelming when you first try to put it together- Clean up requires patience and adult supervision- Does not offer much in terms of repeat playability- Easy to lose the pieces
I was having flashbacks to Christmas eves years ago when I was trying to put toys together so "Santa" would have the toys under the tree before my kids woke up.Putting the stickers on was not easy, of course I was voted most likely to get stuck to something with super glue in High School, so my experience might not be typical.It is a cute toy, but our household tends to be a bit cluttered and it was hard trying to keep track of all those tiny sunglasses, etc. We misplace larger items on a regular basis, so the small parts was a negative for me.
Both of my kids have Zhu Zhu pets along with many of the track pieces.  At first my 10-year old daughter had a negative opinion of FurReal Friends calling them, "a rip off of Zhu Zhu pets".  After playing with the toy for a couple of hours both her and her little brother had both their FurReal pets and Zhu Zhu pets running through the play set.  They enjoyed the different pieces and spent some time setting it up.  But alas, after a couple of days the play set was pushed aside and is now ignored. It should be noted that the kids have also grown bored of their Zhu Zhu pets. So that may have been that cause of this boredom.As a parent, the toy looks okay.  It is well constructed, but will require some adult help in assembly (like most kids toys).  I really don't care for these types of toys because they tend to limit the kids imagination and thus get bored quicker.
I received these much to my two girls delight.  After seeing advertisements of these little toys they were certainly ready to play with the zoobles playset.  They are cute little animal figures which each picked out their favorites quite quickly. It comes with a nice plastic zippered bag with handle which makes the zoobles easily carried from place to place.After about a day or so the girls didn't play with them at all.  I guess the "fun" of watching them change from a ball to the animal character was short lived.  If your children love to play with Bakugan its similar with a girly twist.  They are a little bigger than Bakugan and ALOT more colorful.  I just don't see what's so fun about it but neither do my kids. For the right child they are made well and are cute to collect (though I feel they are costly).
The gift pack I received contained 6 Zoobles and their associated "Happitats."  Upon removing one of the Zoobles from the packaging, a 2mm metal rod fell out of one of the Zoobles, underscoring the warning that these are not for small children (under 3) and not safe for curious pets.  They are quite fragile, and probably won't hold up to rough play.I gave the Zoobles to my granddaughter, and she was delighted with them at first.  She was frustrated because one of the Zoobles refused to close, and another refused to open when placed appropriately on its "Happitat."  Two of the Zoobles had issues with the eyes either staying open or staying closed.  However, my granddaughter quickly "diagnosed" the closed ones as "sleepy" and the always-open ones as "having too much coffee."  The point I am making is that regardless of the faults I see in them, she really loves playing with them.From a quality perspective, these things are of very low quality.  As other reviews have stated, there are problems with the Zoobles closing, or opening in some cases.  The metal piece I found when opening the packaging also shows that there are some manufacturing issues at hand.  From an entertainment value perspective, the Zoobles do seem to be fun for the kids.  Kids with big imaginations who like to pretend play will love the Zoobles.  Personally, I think the Zoobles are overpriced for what you are getting, and I have serious reservations about recommending them to anyone.
Zoobles are the newest collectable toy for youngsters, and Spin Master, their maker, is obviously hoping they will be the "it toy" of the 2010 holiday season.  They are cute little animal figures that can be folded into a ball, then will pop open when they are placed on a magnet.This starter pack comes with five Zoobles (my pack had Wensley, Zizi, Panzi, Daniella, and Dell, Zoobles # 113-118), and 3 "Happitats", which are basically very small houses for the Zoobles, with one or more magnets that will pop them open.  It has a vinyl carry bag that would probably hold dozens of Zoobles and quite a few Happitats.Fans of the Littlest Petshop or My Little Pony line of toys will probably like these too.  They're little and cute, and they transform, which is kind of neat.  On the other hand, they don't seem like you get a lot for the price.  The Zoobles, Happitats, and the bag all have a slightly cheap and fragile feeling to them, so I'm not sure how long they'll last.My five year old likes them fine, but after the initial excitement of getting a new toy, she doesn't seem to like them any better than her Petshop or Pony figures.
I have two girls and thought I would have them try these new Zoobles, not really knowing what to expect. Upon first glance, the Zoobles are very cute. They actually do look a lot like a cross between the Littlest Pet Shop toys and Bakugan. My girls are not really into either one of those which is probably why they were not really into the Zoobles.The Zoobles come in a plastic carrying case that looks like a purse. You receive Five Zoobles creatures, two double Happitats, one single Happitat, a vinyl carrying bag with handle. There is a website so you can go online and see your Zoobles characters online as well as in the flesh. Another probably I had with the Zoobles is although my two girls are old enough to play with the Zoobles, my two younger boys are not and the fact that the Zoobles are in the shape of the ball, making it even more desirable for my little ones to try and get. Since my girls were not really into the Zoobles after the usual "we got a new toy" excitement wore off, I just put them away so my other two younger children would not be in danger of choking on the small parts.I would recommend this toy to any child who is interested in Bakugan or The Littlest Pet Shop toys. They would probably love these cute little creatures too!
THE GOOD: These are cute and more fun than you would think for such a simple toy. Each Zooble can be rolled into a little ball. They have magnets at the bottom and pop open when they come into contact with their habitats or other metals. The magnets are covered and you'd have to crack open your Zooble to get it out. I had as much fun as my toddler rolling these across her xylophone and watching them pop open. My daughter really liked their zip up container and now uses it to carry around her books and other toys.THE BAD: The pop out ears on one of the Zoobles in this pack is the cutest thing, but the part I'd think would mostly likely break off. Though they seem to be otherwise well constructed, I still don't look at this toy and feel the price is justified. If the price was chopped in half, they'd still be slightly overpriced. Unless a child specifically requested these as a gift, I wouldn't recommend purchasing them.
I've had mixed reviews from my little testers. The initial bounce of the Zobbles when placing them on their bases is fun -- for a little while -- then it's time to move on. Although the colors are great and the faces are cute, there just isn't much to them once the kids have played with them for a short time. Pushing them up and down makes them move a bit, but it just isn't intriguing. Soon they just become expensive displays on a shelf.They are also quite fragile and some of the parts don't close unless done in a specific order. That's not easy to figure out and frustrating for little ones. We haven't gone that far, but I can see children trying to force the breakable pieces.The choking warning is clear on the packaging.They are also quite expensive for the return, and I don't see any educational value to them. (Magnetism?)Make sure you help your little ones remove them from the packaging. The parts and pieces are embedded in plastic that's difficult to manipulate. Forget about ever putting them back in their molded spots.
I can't deny that these are cute. Any preschooler will probably be happy with just the bag, which is a purple and pink treasure surely aimed at girls. The bag would be nice to lug around Barbies in.The Zoobles themselves are brightly colored, which again will appeal to kids. The little yellow guy has cute big ears; the green fellow has hearts on his forehead. The names are also cute: Wensley, Zizi, Panzi, Daniela, and Dell. However, as far as quality goes, they look like Happy Meal toys. They are extremely overpriced. You can buy a set of ten Littlest Pet Shop figures, with accessories and a carrying bag, for less than half the price of this one Zoobles set of five (with no accessories). Five zoombles cost four times more than five LPS figures. Sure, the LPS guys don't pop open, but then you don't have to struggle to tuck them back up into a ball, either.We received these as a sample, and they will be going to Toys for Tots, where some child is sure to enjoy them. But when it comes time to open my wallet, we'll be sticking with Littlest Pet Shop figures and giving these a miss.
Zoobles are the answer from bakugan for girls.  The problem is I do not believe girls will play with these like boys do with bakugan.  Our 6 year old played with them for about a hour and has not touched them for over month. Just another toy laying around.To the credit of the toy they are cute for girls.  No real educational value with Zoobles other than making them a ball :).I would not recommend these to family and friends unless they were getting them for a deep discount because the toy loses its luster quickly
I really doubted this one, despite how attached my little girl, 5 years old, gets to cute little things like this.  Why?  Because there's not much to these things.  They're balls that pop open to review cute-ish little animals when placed on magnetic home-like structures (three, but with enough spots on them for each creature to sit, thankfully, so these things aren't rolling around.)  But I didn't think about the important thing to a young kid - the pocketability aspect.  She can pop these weird little things in her pocket and they're there to grab onto whenever she feels like, and kids just love having toys with them when they go places.  And she loves making them pop open.  I have to admit, that's kind of a fun little gimmick.  They are clever, if they are anything.What they aren't is robust.  Right out of the package, a couple have exhibited some cranky behavior - parts sticking, but eventually flipping fully open, or just not working at all (in the case of one of the little creatures, it's eyes never actually flip open like they should and can't even be pried open, so I guess it's effectively blind.)  They feel cheap and fragile, but otherwise - besides the obvious out-of-package problems - have held up to a 5 year old's abuse.  I don't imagine they'd take too much rough-housing, however.Overall, these are just mindless toys with absolutely zero educational value.  My daughter loves these, to the point that she saw a bunny-styled Zooble in a single-pack and got extremely upset when we wouldn't buy it for her (Christmas is coming, after all.  Santa needs stocking stuffers.)  We all had toys like that, every kid in the future will have things like this.  Nothing ever changes.  There's nothing bad about that and quite often those toys are the ones you remember most fondly (I still miss my Evel Kneivel sparking stunt motorcycle that somehow just disappeared when I was a kid.  That thing taught me nothing but I loved it to death.)
Having LOTS of toy experience  as mother of seven and now grandmother to seven I have to say this is one of those hype toys. The price is way to high for what you get.It is so darn colorful with its pink and blue zipper bag and all those little Zoobles in an array of very bright colors that it is made to make a little girl want to buy it.The Zoobles are fragile little creatures and finicky; sometimes their eyes open when placed on their magnetic "happitats" and sometimes they don't. That is frustrating given that that is what these Zoobles do, that's all they do, besides fling their ears, and arms open too. If the makers of this toy, Spin Masters Ltd. can't get the toy to do the one thing it's sold to do, it's a failure.Zoobles is stated to be for 4 years and up but there are so many little eyes, arms, wings and ears that can come loose easily that I would say it is more appropriate for 6 years and up. And pity the mom with a toddler or younger who manages to get ahold of big sisters Zoobles. The Zoobles are golf ball size making it perfect for getting popped in a little mouth and perfect size for choking.I think the colors of the Zoobles is fantastically alluring and that will entice a few little girls to want this toy, but after about an hour of play I am afraid it will end up in the toy bin never to return to action.Comment
PROS:+ FRUSTRATION FREE PACKAGING!!!+ My child loves them (playing with them now, in fact!)+ Choking hazard clearly shown on the packagingCONS:- Ears don't close if the legs are closed first on two of the Zoobles- They appear to be fragile with several small parts- could be mistaken for my practice golf ballsToys are a very serious pastime at our house. My child lovesLittlest Pet Shop,Chixosand several other toys, so I knew the Zoobles would make a welcome addition to our household.Upon opening the box, my child sang the Zoobles song (kudos to the advertising campaign on Nickelodeon...) and smiled from ear to ear, telling me how cute they were. I knew adventures were going to be epic once she welcomed the Zoobles into her rapidly growing toy family.It only took a few minutes to remove the Zoobles from their packaging...not like some toys which have so many anti-theft countermeasures, they require a pair of needlenose pliers, wirecutters, and a blowtorch to be opened.The toys are pretty self-explanatory...you can roll them up into little balls, put them on top of the Happitat and the magnets inside make them spring to life. They're cute, fun, and well decorated.After playing with them for a bit, My child realized the ears on two of the Zoobles wouldn't close if the feet were closed first (see the pictures I uploaded in the "Images" section of this product). Other than this, she was quite content to play with these and I can tell she'll be asking my spouse to get a few more.If your child enjoys playing with cutesy collectibles like Littlest Pet Shop, The Zoobles are a good choice. I think this should be marked as ages 5 or over, but that's just me. I marked the product down because of the small parts and the overall fragility of the toys - if your child isn't careful, they could end up with an earless Zooble.
My son is 6 years old, loves Iron Man, so was excited to get his hands on this RC Robot.After wrestling with the obligatory 4 dozen cable twists to get it out of the box, and adding the batteries, Iron Man appears extremely well made, and able to stand up up to considerable punishment (unusual these days it seems). However, seeing what the Robot can actually do (or can't do would be more appropriate) the fact that it's strong is a good thing. It's cumbersome and unstable at best, and falls over a lot.He can walk, and fire missiles, that's it. And you had better make sure the legs are lined up to walk, or it's more inclined to stagger and crash over (hence the tough construction) My son was disappointed that you couldn't aim the missiles, but did like the overall idea of a walking robot.Educational value, well zero really, fun - lot's, although at 6 years old, the appeal already seems limited, and it's probably OK for younger kids, just make sure they don't put the missiles in their mouth.Overall it's OK, and for parents riding the popularity wave of Iron Man to satiate their obsessed boys (or girls for that matter) it's not bad.Considering the price however, I think it's expensive for how little it can actually do.
It's always strange what kids will find fun when they show up at a new place. My friend's son, he was maybe 3 when this started, somehow discovered the magical fun of my Roomba. It had a remote, which I never used, but he seemed to enjoy to no end. I didn't mind, the cat new to get out of the way, and in the end my house was maybe a little cleaner.When I was offered the Iron Man Robot, I though of him and figured it would be a wonderful toy to add to the limited entertainment options I have for kids at my house.Iron Man was a big hit....for the first visit. It wasn't long, however, before he realized Iron Man was not nearly as mobile as Roomba. Poor Iron Man. The new game soon became ROBOT BATTLE!!! And is shouldn't be too hard to guess who the winner always was. I'll give you a hint, it was always either Mommy or Me that controlled Iron Man, and he was never able to outrun Roomba. Crash! Boom! Down goes Iron Man. ROOMBA! The undefeated heavyweight champion!
Unless you count spouting a handful of repeated phrases "doing something", this toy does exactly two things:1. Walk in a (mostly) straight line.2. Shoot in a straight line.The (mostly) is because as so many other reviewers have noted, Ironman tends to veer off a straight line, mostly to the left.The biggest lack IMHO is the absence of a way to turn it; absent that you are stuck with stopping and turning it back on course by hand every few feet, which will get old rather quickly.In contrast the shooting function is better thought out; Ironman turns his torso slightly so as to fire each side's weapons (interchangeable spring loaded plastic darts) straight ahead so that if you've managed to end up facing the target once you're in range, you'll hit it.  Unfortunately, as other reviewers have noted, since Ironman aims down, the darts go no more than a couple of feet in the air, but on a smooth wooden floor they will continue forward several more feet, allowing you to take out one of two included cardboard targets from several feet away.The 3-position on-off switch has two useful positions; "TRY ME" is just the in the box setting that allows you to run through its functions one at a time by pressing its triangular chest light.  When "ON" you can run it by using the remote or pressing the chest light; pressing the chest light causes it to walk forward several steps and fire all four darts.Using the remote, hitting the walk button causes it to take several steps and stop; hitting the fire button causes it to fire one side's two darts; hitting it again fires the next two darts.Holding down the walk button causes it to start walking again after each pause to utter a catchphrase; holding down the fire button causes it to keep firing until all four darts are fired; and holding down the fire button overrides a held down walk button.The Velcro fastening wrist strap on the remote is too small to fit a man's wrist comfortably, but that may not matter given its limited playability.  It's not useless by any means, but chances are that your child will get a lot more play out of a considerably cheaper but far more versatile remote controlled car.  On the plus side it appears quite durable, but I wouldn't recommend playing with it on concrete.
I have 3 boys (ages 4,4, and 3) and really thought they would love this toy(and maybe me as well).  My boys love robots and things like that and this seemed right up their alley.It has a simple 2 button remote that straps to your wrist.  One button for walking and one for firing missiles.For walking the legs have to be lined up perfectly to start which my boys can figure out most of the time.  The one problem is when it walks it goes to the left and not in a straight line.  So when sending it down a hall you have to adjust every few feet to line it back up.  Also it only works on wood ortile floors.For shooting the missiles you push the other button.  This is pretty cool and it comes with 2 cardboard enemies to set up and knock down.  The only problem is that the missiles shoot downward.  So your Iron man has to be really close to something for it to hit it.My boys still like it and think its pretty cool though.  It also only says about 3 or phrases and continually repeats them which may get a little annoying after awhile.
I just spent a full day helping my four-year-old daughter and one-year-old son play with the Iron Man Walking RC Robot. My daughter loves robots so I wanted to give this toy a try since it has a kid-friendly remote control and the manufacturer claims this toy is suitable for children 4 and older.First, this Iron Man toy is a very well built amalgam of plastic and rubber. The main body elements (head, torso, arms and legs) are all made of tick plastic while joints and smaller details (such as fingers) are made of hard rubber that flexes under pressure rather than breaking. The fact that the fingers flex and don't break is one of the reasons I'm willing to let my one-year-old son play with this as well.The only choking hazards on this toy are the four missiles and "possibly" the two shoulder missile launchers. Luckily, you can remove all of those so that there are no potential choking hazards for little kids. Since the shoulder missile launchers can be removed they also fall off the robot if the robot repeatedly falls on a hard surface. The launchers are designed to come off rather than break off which shows the designers were thinking about how kids play rough when they designed this toy.The IR remote control is a simple two-button controller that has a small nylon strap so that a child can wear it on his or her wrist like a giant watch. The remote is very durable with no tiny pieces to break off and a Philips head screw holding the battery door in place. Since it's an IR remote it has to be in the line of sight with the robot in order to control it (which is a nice way to avoid accidental remote activation).I really couldn't be more impressed with the durability of this toy. However, playability is another matter.First, this Iron Man robot is very particular about how its legs are positioned in order to allow it to walk. If the legs aren't in the perfect position the toy will fall over rather than walk. Also, the toy really only walks effectively on hard surfaces like tile or hard wood floors (though that's a common problem for walking robot toys). Another walking related issue is that our robot always tends to walk slightly to the left ... so it walks in a giant circle rather than a straight line. This means my daughter can't make this robot walk down the hall without stopping every two feet to change the direction of the robot. There are only two remote functions that you have with this robot:1) Walk forward (and slightly to the left)2) Fire missiles (shoulder and arm missiles)Since you don't have a reverse, right, or left directional control it makes playing with this toy boring after a few minutes.The voice in this talking Iron Man robot doesn't sound like Robert Downey Jr. from the Iron Man movies even though this is obviously supposed to be Iron Man from Iron Man 2. That doesn't bother me as much as the fact that it only has four phrases that it repeats in an endless loop.In short, I really want to praise the durability and design of this toy but it lacks fundamental playability features that kids and adults expect in a remote control toy. Directional controls to make the robot go in reverse and turn left or right would have made this toy MUCH more fun.
I got this for my five year old nephew, hoping it would be a fun toy for him.  For the most part it is. I mean, hey, it's Iron Man. What's not to love?It appears to be built solidly enough and it's got a nice heft to it. It looks great, too. The wrist rockets were nice and shot well, but were easily lost [not the toy's fault, by any means]. I know my nephew had a great time playing with it with his friends -- as just a big action figure  If you're looking for a big Iron Man, this is it.The RC function, however, if problematic.  My brother-in-law said Iron Man had a hard time standing up straight and would usually fall over after a couple of steps.It's all good in theory, but for $50, you'd hope it'd work a bit better than it did.
This is a relatively talk RC robot, and is well put together. I am on the fence with it though, because it tends to fall over if the feet/bases are not perfectly set up. So, if you stop and then go again it usually falls over. The voice has limnited phrases, and it gets played out quickly. You can only shoot right and left sides, even though each side gets two missiles (each side fires both together). The cutout targets are interesting. The problem is that you cannot control direction and so must line up the toy, walk to it, hope it doesn't fall over, and then fire straight ahead. While this is initially entertaining, and the older folks (like me) will look at it and think how amazing that technology has come this far....we also will think, " Wow, for this much money you should have more steering options, or at least a reverse option, and it should stay up." The long and short of it is that my son (almost 7) loved it at first, and then easily got bored with it, and then started asking if this was made in China! Not becuase it ws cheaply made, because it wasn't, but rather because it just couldn't deliver. Also, when he tried to walk the toy over a runner in the hallway (VERY low pile), it toppled right over. You really must use this on hardwood floors, or some other kind of hard, smooth floor surface. I'm sorry to say that this is not such a great toy, and will likely end up in the basement. With any luck, it will come to life at night and practice staying up and balanced. Unless your child is a HUGE Iron Man fan, I think this should be a pass. To its credit, nothing has broken, and it has falled quite a bit. I should also add that this toy does not track straight and tends to pull to the side. Another little annoyance. The missiles have a range of about 2-3 feet, and you cannot aim them or alter the direction. I think that even if it only had reverse, it would have been a lot more fun. Also, it's not hard to add more phrases so that it does not get monotonous.
As far as toy robots go, this one is ok.  For a kid around the age of 5 or 6 with a good imagination this could provide hours of play time and entertainment.  For kids younger or older I think they would get bored quickly.This toy robot is very well built and sturdy, but the features seem to be rather limited.  It only moves forward, and then only on a hard floor/surface - it will just tip over if you try to use it on carpet.  Honestly I think it would have been so much more fun if they had added just a few more features - allowing the robot to move backwards and left/right as well, and making it a little more stable so that it doesn't tip over so easily.  I do like that there is a strap on the little remote so the user can wear it if they want to.Overall - unless your child is a really big fan of Iron Man and has a great imagination, I would pass on this.
The major design flaw with this doll is the fact that she can't give her a bath.  With all the "baby food" and other stuff you are shoving down her, this is a big problem.  You have to flush the food out by holding her under a faucet but you're not supposed to get the other parts of her wet.  Well, you give the doll to a five year old and see how that works, okay?She did pee and poop, though, so my granddaughter was thrilled.  Cleaning the doll up is less than thrilling and a battle to get the gkid to hand her over for the flush.She does love her, though, so something is being done right.  I'm just not happy with the extra diapers and food that need to be bought, but that is selfish.  The feeding is a big hit and I just need to buy the stuff and shut up.
The kids love this doll but not so much the parents.... it cost a lot of money for upkeep with these dolls unless you put them on a diet and try explaining that to your little ones. I guess whatever makes the little ones happy right??? My little one loves this doll and loves to interact with her so I think I'm going to be making diapers for her so that all I have to do is buy the food :)
My 4 yr old niece fell in love with this doll almost instantly. She loved tickling her toes and how the baby would coo and giggle and kick her feet. She also got a big kick how she would burb after she was fed. She liked mixing the baby food and feeding her. So with my niece it was a big hit.Personally, I dont think the whole feeding the baby and having it "poop" is very practical. It requires a lot of adult supervision and you have to run water through the doll via the bottle a lot to wash it out. Also you would have to continue to purchase additional food packets and diapers for the doll, which honestly, who wants the additional cost of doing that? I like that the doll is all soft vinyl or plastic and easily washable so you don't have to worry about the hair getting ruined and it does have a lot of nice responses for feeding, etc. It's a fun doll for kids but some of the features aren't something I would be using again. Such as the feeding. Overall, it was a hit with my niece but there isn't anything that really sets it apart from a lot of other dolls on the market that my niece probably would have liked just as well and my niece did mention she would like it if the doll had closing eyes. So, it's ok but nothing really special.
Ok... so there isn't a smell but you get my point.  At first arrival the doll was a tad "unattractive".  After looking at her for a bit more I found her to be cute.  It has something to do with her puffy blow-up doll mouth that makes her seem rather weird to adults (or I assume!).  I was disappointed to see that her hair and eyes were just painted molded plastic; after feeding and cleaning I believe it was a great idea!Little Miss Baby Alive arrives with 2 diapers, dress, 2 food packets, spoon, bottle, bowl & bib.  This is where is starts to get expensive for the parents out there.  Every time that you feed the doll, you must change her "poopy" diaper just like a real infant.  This is where the educational value comes in for the little ones.  My two girls were grossed out by the pear "poop"; Mommy just found it amusing!We love the cooing sounds, giggles and the way the doll moves her arms and legs just like a real baby.  This is what draws the adults in... but what draws the kiddies in is the messy part that adults would rather avoid like the plague - feeding & changing their plastic grandchild that can't even be bathed properly!This is where the major CON comes in... this is not a Bath time doll.  You cannot submerge the doll in water because it will damage her voice box.  The second issue is the fact that you must run water through her mouth each and every time or the food will rot and stick to the insides.  Never fun with a child's toy!  The final con is the fact that the food and diaper packets can become very expensive.  For every food packet there will be another diaper used.  They do not come in bulk packets, hence the complaint from so many parents.  You cannot use infant diapers because they are just too big.Recommend because the kids truly do love the weird looking doll and the feeding/changing aspect.  We just love her as she is and pretend feed her now.  It is just too much work to clean her out each and every time.
My granddaughters love the littlest petshop collection, so when I saw this it was a natural match with their interests.Cons:The packaging. Breaking into the proverbial Fort Knox might have been easier than getting all the components of this toy out of the box and packaging. Was it really necessary to tie or tape every little thing in the box to cardboard backing? Get your scissors out now!The toy is a bit flimsy. I have a three and four year old granddaughter and while they don't put pieces in their mouths, they are still rather rough with their toys. The x-rays that came with the toy are already bent and after a play session with some of the young neighbor girls out in the yard, some of the little pieces are lost--they are tiny, tiny, tiny. The spotted dog that came with the set and the ambulance or rescue vehicle are the two most favorite pieces and fortunately they are strongly built.Pros:If your child loves the Littlest Petshop animals, they'll like this. However, only one pet--a dalmatian--comes with the set. If you have more than one child and no other little pets, my recommendation would be to purchase a few additional dogs, cats, hamsters or bunnies or whatever strikes your child's fancy. Also if you have any of the smaller My Little Ponies (probably the new born cuties) - they will also fit in the rescue center.The toy is educational. It provides opportunities to talk about what a vet or animal emergency center does and you can craftily segue into parallels with pediatricians and hospitals for people.Children have great imaginations and they will make up their own rescue stories to fit the animal rescue center. Again, the center is not made out of strong plastic and contains little tiny pieces, so keep babies away from it! And of course toddlers that put things in their mouths.
It has been a month since my five year old daughter received this gift and she has played with it twice. She has many other Littlest Pet Shop toys that I thought she would really like them visiting the doctor. She does play with the lift a little and has given a couple a ride in the car but there isn't much draw to the rest of the play set.
If you have a Little Pet Shop fan, this toy is sure to please.  It has many features, with lots to keep little hands occupied.  The animals are very cute.  There are, however, a few things that I would like to share.  First, it will take forever to actually take all of the pieces out of the packaging.  There has to be a better way!  Storing is also a bit of a pain, so many little pieces to keep track of. For the price, I think it could have come with a few more animals.  Otherwise, it's a really nice product.  One final point, although this appears to be targeted at little girls, my young grandson thinks it's great.
My 6 y.o. loves this thing, but even she thinks the speaker is "icky". Quite honestly, it's just unforgivingly tinny.Pros:1) Worked with both Sansa Clip, and various ipods (and iphone)2) Cute3) has an online feature, which ads interest4) Lights on head cute but limitedCons:1) Awful speaker2) Limited movement, dog makes noise over music3) Other similar products (I-Dog Dance WhiteTransformers Movie Beatmix Bumblebeewere MUCH better products.Bottom line: It's cute and has an immediate "awe" factor, but overall it was not as good a product as others out there.
I was excited to receive this item through the Vine program because my daughters, ages 4 and 2, love Littlest Pet Shop items and play with them a lot. They also love music and dancing. This dog is adorably cute and they fell in love with it at first sight. Unfortunately, when we hooked it up as directed to play music, the thing blasted sound at them so loudly they scattered in terror. My husband and I fiddled with it trying to find SOME way to control the volume, but if there is one, it certainly wasn't apparent to us. So we just took out the batteries and it's now just a plastic dog. A bit overpriced for that purpose, alas.
This is defiantely a cute toy for a young girl with a music player.  When you press its noise it plays music, barks and dances.  Colors on its head light up as well.  It's easy to take the plug and plug it right into an ipod.  It's cute to watch dance as you play your music.  Can't really play with it, and there's no educational value.  It seems durab;e but we've only played with it for a day.  I only rated it a three because it needs a volume for its interactive play.
This is a very cute toy (cuter in person) that resides in our 5 year old's room.  We were going to let her play soft music at bed time, but there isn't an OFF setting for the lights, movement or animal sounds (the two modes are demo and on).  Even with classical music, it still dances, lights up and makes cute little noises. While fun for play and music time, that's not really something you want at night.  There's also no volume control for the speaker itself and it runs on battery power only with no a/c option.  So, this is a nice little item for playing, dancing and having fun, but be aware it cannot function as a speaker only.
This dog is cute and funny to watch for the first 5 minutes, and we cracked up as it danced to Led Zeppelin, but then it was irritating because the speaker is so bad.The colors and lights were interesting to my 7 month old, my friend's 3 year old played with it for about 15 minutes, and I think an 8 year old girl would dig it until she tried to use it as a speaker.  The package says for 8+ years old, so I didn't let my baby daughter chew on it or play with it without he holding it.  We have had it in the house for a few weeks and the baby is already bored with it.The song and action are suited to entertain a toddler, not a tween.  By the time a girl would have an MP3 player and care about music, she would be bothered by the horrible quality of sound coming out of this thing.If the speaker was better this would be MUCH cooler, I cannot recommend spending money on this.  Buy it only for children with parents you want to torture.
The Littlest Pet Shop Dancing Dog is basically a 7 inch tall, 6 inch wide plastic electronic toy that dances and moves his head, ears, and arms, while twisting his mid-section, to the beat and tune of the music you are playing with your MP3 player.  He also has speakers that play your music.He has a few lights that come on and go off in time to the music as well, and he comes already loaded with three batteries.The recommended age for this toy is 8+, but did not interest my 13-year-old daughter much, despite the pink color and retro 70's floral design.  I would think this would be more appropriate and interesting for a child of about 6.As another reviewer mentioned, cats like this gadget too!Depending on the price, this could make a great birthday gift for a young child who also uses a MP3 player.  Also, I am a nurse and have seen novelty electronic items like this used in a nursing home setting, to amuse bed-ridden patients.But overall I see it as a novelty gift that will probably have some collectible interest, as other Littlest Pet Shop items have sustained as much.  As far as having educational  value, I don't see that.
My daughter had been asking for a baby doll for weeks, so I was surprised when she played with this one for only 5 minutes before moving on. She even offered to let her brother have this toy, and she's not generous.  She explained that she was looking for a baby to feed, dress and cradle and all this baby did is bounce; which is true.The baby is packaged adorably in a little cardboard crib that she bounces in similar fashion to a real newborn.  However, outside of the crib, the bouncing is a little awkward.  Also, the baby's movements are generated by squeezing hands and she reacts sporadically to noise, but my daughter had trouble getting the movements and sounds on demand.  The baby babble however is lifelike and sweet enough to stir up nostalgic feelings on my part. But without a doubt not enough to capture limited attention spans for long.  So I'd only recommend this doll for a little girl with several dolls already so that this dolls uniqueness becomes part of the fun.
The doll's head is all plastic and thus it makes it a durable for life with a 2-4 year old.  Unfortunately, my four year old found the doll a little scarey and would liked it best when the bounce mode was turned off.
The Baby Alive Bouncin Bables is a toy that is bound to be a hit at first but eventually becomes quite annoying.  Basicallly the doll moves its legs to make it look as if it is bouncing up and down.  In addition the doll makes baby sounds while it "bouncing."  It sounds simple but this doll has some interesting technology.  For example it has a light sensor that knows when you turn on the light or open a door.  It sounds great until you are the one that happens to turn on a bedroom light only to have the doll start bouncing and making sounds.  Interesting concept but sure gets annoying fast!!
I wasn't too sure about this kind of toy.  But when my husband saw it, he remembered having one similar when he was younger... to the point that he is looking forward to spend time with the boys playing with this.The idea behind the game is to create a "battle" between two tops and see which one will win.You can even make a tournament out of the "battles" happening in the arena but following who will the various one on one confrontations.Having three boys and an husband who likes this kind of games, I am suspecting that more tops will be in order in a near future.  Each kid will more than likely wants their own tops and collect some to see which one would be better at winning the tournament.I am slowly discovering the range of toys for older boys.  For all I know I might even get into the enthusiasm of the rest of the family and get my own top one of these days.  I wonder if they make some pink.... for girls. I'm sure even our daughter would love to have one... *grin*The more I think about it, the more I find this could also be perfect to entertain the kids while we are camping.  It would be easy to carry around and fun to play while away from home.If you want to spring the competition in your family, I suggest that you consider the BeyBlade Metal Fusion Super Vortex Battle Set.The BeyBlade Metal Fusion Super Vortex Battle Set is available at a toy store near you!Disclaimer: Thanks to Hasbro Canada for sending me the featured product for review purpose. I was not monetarily compensated for this review. Please note that the review was not influenced by the Sponsor in any way.  All opinions expressed here are only my own.
Basically, the idea is that you take two tops, spin them in the Vortex Battle Arena and see who wins. The tops are called Beyblades and this starter set is designed to get you into the Beyblade world and purchasing even more of their products, other tops and other stadiums. I suppose I don't get it. It is fun to battle it out, trying different strategies to keep your beyblade up longer. The arena is rather flimsy plastic. The beyblades are high quality and seem durable even though the paint starts to chip off of them. Playing this as an adult with adults and then with 5 year olds, perhaps I just missed the target audience. But I don't see this as a long-lasting or very fun toy.However, if your child already wants to get into Beyblade so he/she can play with friends, this seems like a good starter set including the stadium, blades, ripcord launchers, tournament charts, and collector cards.
my son liked this toy. he played with his friends and cousins. They battled and battled.The toy eventually broke, but all toys do that.
The problem with commercials, especially commercials for children's toys, is that they can make something look really cool when, in fact, it's not. Take the Beyblade Metal Fusion Super Vortex Battle Set. This thing, on television, looks insanely fun, but is it?My children, one boy and one girl, 9 and 6, were jumping with joy to get this thing out of the box. I swear they just about ripped the cardboard apart to get their hands on it. The first thing that they pull out is - a dog dish? Yup, the red plastic dog dish is the largest thing in this toy, and it's not even made of hard plastic. I was very disappointed to find that it's made of a very thin and movable plastic. But at least you didn't have to put it together, unlike the Beyblade battle tops. I'm an educated woman, and my husband builds furniture, which means, between the two of us, we're pretty good at putting stuff together. These little tops, however, eluded us. We managed to figure out how to put the top itself together, but how to get it spinning was very confusing. The instructions showed you that you had to put the plastic "zipper" into the launcher, but it didn't explain that each one only goes in one way. Then it showed that you had to put the top into the launcher but it also looked like you had to twist it, according to the directions, anyway. Try twisting that thing and you'll definitely know that something's wrong.So how do you get the top to stick onto the launcher? You put the tabs from the launcher into the slot and turn only slightly, which allows it to catch the little prongs on the launcher. How difficult would that have been for the designers to explain? Instead we sat there for almost twenty minutes trying to figure out the strange instructions.The kids did have fun playing with the toy once everything was put together, but only for about a half an hour. If a toy is really engaging, my children will go back to it over and over. This one was played with for a half an hour the first day, and probably twenty minutes the second day, and that was it.THE GOOD: What's good about this is the tops. They're strong, sturdy, and won't be falling apart any time soon. Although the launchers themselves, as with the zipper that launches it, are made of plastic and could likely easily be destroyed, or lost.My advice? If your children like the Beyblades (which are definitely glorified tops), get them the tops and work with them to construct your own stadium, as this cheap piece of plastic definitely won't survive for very long - you'd even be better buying a large dog's dish and decorating it with stickers!
I don't know exactly what the recommended age is for this game because the picture on the product page says 6+, the product description says 8+ and the box we received through Vine says 7+.  The cards in our game also have a solid white background and only English titles, unlike the Amazon pictures.  The actual "hedbanz" work pretty well.  They adjust easily and hold the cards in place.  One issue though is that all the parts are loose in the box.  The cards will end up in a jumble each time you put it away.The biggest problem I had though was the ambiguous instructions, which explicitly state that "you can ask any question except `who am I?'"  This seems pretty clear, but all of the "sample questions" are yes/no.  Did the makers intend to limit the question type?  Shouldn't this be in the rules?I tried out the game with my kids (ages 4 and 7) and they had a little fun with it for about a half hour a week ago.  They haven't wanted to get in out again even when I suggested it.  This is not a bad game, but we have better ones.
Let's start this review with 1st impressions.  The box and graphics are pretty cheesy/low-end looking.  Retail price of this game listed on amazon.com is $34.95.  If this were in a retail store and you saw it at that price, you'd still be seeing it there for the next thirty years!  This game lover would not have looked at this game if priced over $10.Okay, now we're opening the box.  Everything is just scattered throughout the box, no inner box organization of the cards, banz, etc.  We're not improving much on my first impression...have just dropped the price point to $8 as the max I would pay for the game.  There aren't even 70 cards in the deck which means there isn't much longevity to this game either (although as you read, our family of four adults wasn't able to guess any of our identities without getting clues so a deck could last us a lifetime if we only worked on questions!)Now we have the pieces out.  The banz are nicely made for what they are and they fit all of our heads from my small one to my husband's huge one (a first!) and they aren't uncomfortable at all.  We're laughing at how ridiculous we look already.  We each have a card in our banz and have started the game.  After two rounds of frustration and no one guessing their card, we toss the useless timer which adds nothing to the game.  Our primary entertainment is our ADD future daughter-in-law who can't remember her own questions for more than a couple of seconds.  My son, who is thoroughly bored already has taken to acting out everyone's card but his own.  We are all ROFLOL at this point.We make my son leave as he simply cannot refrain from enthusiastically acting out his charade version of the game.  We want to give this game a fair shot!  We try very hard, but it just doesn't happen.  We lose my husband in round four after no one has guessed their card yet.  DIL and I hang in another couple of rounds before we give up and grab Farkle.Summary, we have SO many fun and engaging board, card and video games that I honestly can't see this ever being used in our home.  At the price listed on amazon it would never have entered our home.  I am going to give this to a friend with three small children and will update review once they play with it.  I have a feeling 1st-4th graders will enjoy it a lot.Note:  This is basically as fun as what we normally have done with putting something on a sticky note or index card taped to our back and guessing in the same fashion.  Waaaaaay cheaper, more fun, and the cards are certainly more creative.
The premise of this game is to guess what picture is over your head.  The picture is visible to everyone else but you.  In a way, this game reminds me of something called "Indian Poker", where everyone but you sees your card.Anyway, the idea behind this game is good, it's like a 20 questions, where you ask questions and people can say "yes/no".  The availability of the picture makes it so that a whole group can participate, versus one-on-one.However, here's where the hangups go.  The timer is for 45 seconds.  Consider that the average question takes about 5-10 seconds between asking and answering, we're talking about 5-10 questions before time's up.  We tried a house rule of flipping the timer an extra time (for a total of a minute and a half), but we still can't figure out the item in time!  I think the issue has to do with the timer, it messes with your head, and the questions you ask become scattered.  Perhaps if we had a new house rule and had a limited number of questions instead of relying on a set time, the game may work.  This may be especially useful when you have a diverse number of ages (young kids versus teens and adults).Also, there aren't that many cards.  I suppose we can create our own cards, but for this size game, you would think that the manufacturer would bother to give you a few more.  I'd see a cranium game, and they'd throw in about 300-500 examples.  For this game?  Not even 100.Based on the number of stars for other reviewers, I'm guessing that I'm in the minority, but I just can't love this game.  Again, great concept, but hard to play.Overall, okay game.  Could have easily been a 4 or 5 star game if they thought it through, gave game variations (like number of guesses), and gave more cards.UPDATE - 06/22/11So, it's been over half a year since we've received this item, and I must admit, the kids and wife still play it once in a while.  So while I don't love this game, it's still considered a keeper!
This is an adorable crafting game.  Unfortunately, just like play dough, the molding clay dries up and then is unusable.  Hard to find replacements.
I got this for my son since I was interested in an alternative to play-dough. The barn is attractive, he loves to turn the crank and especially likes it when the animals pop out at the bottom. But the dough itself.... it's weird.It's like mushable foam, that's the only way I can describe it. You don't have to worry about it drying out since it's already dry. Very dry. It keeps crumbling up and "feathering" away. When we were done with our short session in which I did most of the handling of the dough, there were little flakes and crumbs EVERYWHERE. And this is with ME mostly handling the dough. (He played with it when the animals popped out.)I had a hard time getting the silo to fit properly but it seems the fault is mine since my husband got it to fit nice and snug.The toy itself is pretty batter-proof. It's dropped on the floor numerous times and my son is not gentle on that crank. But I would be hesitant to take it out too often just because of the mess the dough makes. Perhaps in the future I will try it with regular Play-dough and see how it goes.
I don't know which side of the barnyard fence I am on regarding the success of this toy.  The design and colors are great; it's a bright and happy little barn with such promise of being a great toy to teach children about farm animals.Then there is the Moon Dough.  This stuff is weird and should have been called Space Fuzz, it does feel unearthly; it is crumbly and damp, like moist dryer lint.  I expected it to be like play-dough, but it is not.  It gets everywhere and that is the real shame.  You should not give this to children to play with unless you are sitting with them the entire time.  I was hoping to be able to bring this out when we have dinner parties to keep the little ones entertained, but the mess that would ensue would be horrific.  The best way to use this is with your child on your lap or close by and help them load the Space Fuzz in the chute and play a guessing game out of which animal will pop out of the barn.  You can then tell them about that animal, what they eat, how they help the farmer, etc.It is still a good gateway into teaching tiny tots about farm animals, just make sure you are right next to them or it will be harder than cow pies to clean up.
I gave this toy to my 3 year old to play with.  He absolutely loved it.  This was the first time that we ever played with Moon Dough and I was amazed at its consistancy.  It is as light as air but when compressed into the molds it takes on the shape exactly.  My son had a hard time making the animals by himself so I helped him press the dough into the mold and turn the crank.  You put the dough in the top of the barn and then turn the crank until the animal spits out of the bottom.  We had a hard time with the other molds included (the hay bale and fence molds)because it was too hard to pop the dough out once it was in the mold.  Also, my son kept crushing the animals because they are extremely squishy and easily dent.  We probably played with this toy for over an hour and he had so much fun.  The problem that I had was the clean up.  Because the dough is as light as styrofoam and breaks off - it goes everywhere!  I was finding it on the kitchen floor for days after.  This will probably be an outdoor activity from now on.
We had higher hopes for this toy.  It seemed a nice alternative to Play-Doh.  Alas, it is difficult to mold, difficult to keep in shape, and our 4-year-old lost interest in it very quickly.  The molds do not transfer well to other doughs.  The concept is nice.  I just wish it worked better.  Clean-up is difficult.
"This keeps breaking!" That's what we kept hearing from the kids when they started playing with the barnyard.The handle kept coming off with normal play, and it was frustrating us and the kids.When playing the kids need constant supervision to help fix the handle coming off. "I can't get it out!" They had trouble getting the hay bales out.The toy also doesn't come with any airtight containers for the moon dough. You open the plastic bag to get the dough out, but you have to rip the bag to get it open, and where are you going to put the moon dough when you're done? It really should come with little containers for the moon dough for storage.The moon dough itself is very soft, but like any other PlayDough, it makes a mess. I don't know if I'd call the moon dough a lot better than regular playdough. It's softer for sure, but it also crumbles a bit.In the short spurts that things worked right, the kids had fun, but it requires much too much supervision to keep it going when the handle comes off and the dough gets stuck.
I was curious about Moon Dough.  I had read the reviews that said it was a lighter consistency than Play-Doh.  It is much lighter - about the consistency of foam.  I liked the fact that it is not supposed to dry out.  This set comes with 3 packages of Moon Dough.  I received white, blue, and yellow.  They come in non-reusable bags.  Even though it isn't supposed to dry out, I would think you need something to store it in.  I used a Ziploc sandwich bag, but it would have been nice if it had come in a reusable container.  The instructions say to work Moon Dough by 'squishing,squashing" it in your hands.  I found it to crumble quite easily.  To try to avoid a mess, I put a small amount into the sandwich bag and squished and squashed it in that, similar to how I would mix the color through homemade dough.  It took a long time to get it to a consistency that would mold.There are some interesting things in the instructions.  It mentions in several places to not let the dough come in contact with soap, liquid soap, or water.  It also says to not dispose of the dough in the sink or toilet bowl.  I'm not sure what will happen if you do.  Will it increase in size causing a blockage in your plumbing?  Is it toxic to the environment?  It doesn't say.  It does say to wash hands with liquid soap after use and to wash the eye out with water if any gets in it.  It also says the dough is not intended to be swallowed or eaten, yet the front of the box says it is "wheat-free."For those concerned about where products are made, the dough is made in Sweden and the barn is made and assembled in China.Having been a long-time user of Play-Doh, including some of the sets, I think the best thing for kids is home-made dough with rolling pins and plastic cutters.  These molds never work the way they are intended and the clean-up is a headache.  The best thing about Moon Dough is that it doesn't dry out, but the way it crumbles makes it difficult to use.
My 8 yr old daughter received this Scrabble Flash Cubes for a birthday gift. If you enjoy word games such as Boggle or Upwords, Scrabble Flash Cubes will be a lot of fun for you. Yes, it is fast paced and addictive.Would have been a great educational tool except there is no way to list the words a player found after a round, or the actual words possible in the MAX total. The game has no way for 2 or more players to play using the exact same letter cubes. Letters change at random each time so players can't compete finding possible words from the same letter cubes.Consider this as a fun gift for older children and adults and everyone will have a great time.WAYS IT COULD BE BETTER:1) If it could display the words that you found after a round.2) If you could display the missing words that you did not find after a round.3) If the tile combinations were numbered so you could choose tile combinations that were "stumping" you again and again.I understand that this would probably make it cost more.  But I would like to see those improvements in a deluxe version.
It's really an almost 4 stars, it's a nice puzzle but not a very good pic of it on the box to follow IMHO 4 yr old liked it but was a little overwhelmed by not being able to see the finished product picture on the box. It's not a squared rectangle and that's the only kind he has done. He just needed alittle adult help and was impressed when he finished it. The glasses aren't needed to see the numbers and letters but they are fun.
I'll begin by saying this is really a well-built toy. It's sturdy in all areas and has a nice "weight" to it that lets you know it'll stand up to a kid playing with it. The Weebles themselves are spot on for durability (in fact, they might be a bit TOO durable if your kid tosses one a bit too hard). The design of the toy itself it pretty clever, with a little crank "staircase" that takes the Weebles to the top, where they then slide down and activate some random music or sound effects. Aside from the stairs and slide, there's a semi-wobbly treehouse "floor" they can play in and a door with a little room inside the tree trunk (not displayed in the picture).That being said, the relative lack of choices for what to do detracts somewhat. You basically can do the stairs and slide, or set the weebles in the treehouse/tree trunk and... that's it. This is a toy which requires a lot of imagination (never a bad thing), and as such, it might be hit-or-miss for children who either aren't at the pretend stage yet or who want more interactivity. Our son loves to crank the staircase, but after about 5-10 minutes of that, he's run out of things he can really do with it. He can take the Weebles themselves to another toy, but the treehouse itself gets left behind. There's not really any way to build or expand on the playset. The Treehouse area and the room inside the tree trunk are small and somewhat inaccessible (if the Weebles gets put too far back in the room, it can be hard to get out, even with little hands). Compared to his Duplo blocks, which cost half as much, the time he spends with the treehouse is 1/10 of the time with the blocks.The bottom line is that this thing is all about the slide and the Weebles, with the tree itself being an afterthought. If you want to pay the price for a crank staircase that carries two Weebles up to a slide that plays music, go for it, but don't expact the other aspects of the playset to be enticing for very long for younger kids. Perhaps when they're 3-4 and have other playsets, this can become part of a larger world. But as a standalone, it's a bit overpriced. The "Playskool Weebles Treehouse Value Pack" is a MUCH better purchase in my opinion. It's basically the same thing with more weebles (so I have no idea why this toy costs more).
When this toy first came in, my 2 1/2 year old son loved it. He would wind up the stairs over and over so the Weebles flew down the slide. He'd push the button at the bottom of the slide and do a little dance to the music that plays (it plays a few different short songs). Well, we've had this toy for a few weeks now, and after the initial joy of a having a new toy, he's completely lost interest. The Weebles now sit in the corner of his playroom collecting dust. While it'll be fun for many kids at first, the repetitiousness of it will probably start to bore them, and they'll move on. A cute toy, and it's definitely larger than I was expecting, but I have a feeling it's headed to the Goodwill very, very soon.
Overall, this toy is pretty fun for a baby. I've played with my friend's 14 month-old with this toy and it kept her occupied for a good 15 minutes. She had a lot of fun figuring out where to put the balls and got excited anticipating them to pop out; also she had fun taking the gears off and putting them back on and turning them. The balls are large enough that she can't fit them in her mouth and there's a little slot for the balls to stay in when you're not using them (so they don't get lost). It's pretty sturdy as she was being a bit rough with it and didn't fall apart. The music is not totally annoying, so that's a plus too.
This is a very simple toy, which in and by itself is not a bad thing. Assembly involves just one step: snapping the arch to the base, very easy to do.  To make the music-playing part work, just pop in two AA batteries (not included).  Note that NiMH rechargeables might not work, so have a set of good, old alkalines ready just in case.The play possibilities are limited, and the two balls are very easy to lose. Because the toy is simple, no instructions are necessary. On the other hand, your kids are likely to get bored after a couple plays and probably won't even look at it again after the first day. Assuming they haven't thrown away the balls or the gears, you can probably share the toy with a neighbor.There's little educational value to this, although my younger one did name the colors a couple times.
Pro: tough plastic outsidePro: music is clear and fun soundingPro: bright friendly colorsCon: Damaged on arrival - the internal gears don't work rightCon: The balls fall out of their storage holesThis toy feels durable on the outside, but the inner gears that make the button that turns the gears would make a grinding noise like they weren't lined up; they also didn't turn properly every time the button was pushed. There are storage holes that the 2 balls can be put in, but the balls repeatedly fell out of them. I was pleasantly surprised at the sound quality of the music. It has good sounding music unlike many children's toys.My daughter enjoyed this other playskool gears toy better -Playskool Busy Gears
My eighteen-month-old grandson and his dad tried out the 'Playskool Musical Activity Ball and Gear Center.'My son's report reads:  I'd give it 3 stars, I think Benji would give it 4 right now.I think the detachable gears and the balls are going to get separated from the toy and the big plastic base will be a lot less interesting without them.  Also, while the toy is interesting now, it might not hold his attention as he gets bigger, whereas something like a toy truck is interesting now and when he's a little older.But now, while the parts are relatively together and he's 18 months, he likes playing with it.I can't speak on behalf of children of other ages, but it's a bit simple for an eighteen-month-old and likely to be left in pieces (after being enjoyed for a while).Bottom line: Three and a half stars. Not a great buy for the outlay.
You can play by writing down the answers, reading out, and guessing who said what (Balderdash-style), or you can just use the questions for fun.  But I found many of the questions to be pretty trivial or frivolous.  The questions are on the low brow side with not much loaded about them.  I expected there to be more ethical quandaries or questions of a philosophical bent.  I know, I know, the game says 6 and up, but 6 year olds are plenty wise.  As for the age range, the real fun comes in guessing so your players have to feel pretty comfortable reading and writing to make this game fun (so age 8 and up might work better).  And the cards are REALLY flimsy: one step above punching them out yourself.
When my son saw the commercial for this toy, he was excited!  My husband and myself were curious as well to see how they would come through on their claims-unfortunately we were a bit disappointed in the execution.The good:  It is fun and very creative!  My son and husband were bonding over creating their jet and helicopter.  Our little guy is only 4 years old so he was not able to actually "create" but rather supervise.  He didn't seem to mind!  Fake tools cannot cause injury to little ones as the fake wood will not splinter.The bad: The fake tools will not cut through the fake wood.  My husband used a knife because it would cut cleanly and effortlessly.  Fake wood... is a great idea but rather comical.  It seems to be a cross between plastic coated foam and compressed bubble wrap that was never filled with air.  The tools will not cut cleanly and the amount of force necessary will not help with those tiny precision cuts.  Another issue is that the recommended age is 6 and up but we found that to still be too young, as our 6 year old daughter could not help either.  It seems that 9-10 and up would make more sense but at that point I don't see a child of that age wanting to play with "fake" wood and tools.  As others have mentioned... the lack of instructions is insane!!  My husband had to look at these tiny 2D pictures and figure out which piece of plastic coated foam to use or make use of after cutting down.  The screws are a joke and just pushed in and not actually screwed in... you can screw them in with the screwdriver but then you will be crying out in anguish that you just broke your helicopter blades (true story!).  Finally, it gets expensive to keep on buying more "foam wood" so that we can create more things.Do I recommend... probably not.  My husband is 34 and it took him over an hour to build a couple of things from the horrible instructions.  The bad thing in all of this is that my 4 year old wants to play with his helicopter and fighter jet... he isn't allowed because they fall apart when just holding and waving them around.  You have to treat them as if they are models and just leave them on the shelf.  That sucks.. or at least what my kids and husband said.
6 is too young for this toy. It takes real effort to cut through the "wood" with the included tools, I would say this toy is for 8 and up. Also, as a parent after a little while you want to give up on the fake tools and get a knife out, which cuts faster and cleaner. The instructions are only so-so as well. However, beyond that this toy is a great idea and is fun. Like other craft projects, it creates a great opportunity to bond with your children and learn with them. I would recommend this toy for those older than 8 with adult supervision. Feel free to break out of the included ideas and build some projects of your own, and remember the "wood" does not last very long. It only lasted us one project.
This was a gift for my 5 year old son.  It looked really cool and it came with a lot of "realistic" tools (all plastic and kid friendly, but can still cut the "kid wood," which is like some sort of light-weight sturdy foam).  As the other viewer mentioned there is no instruction booklet.  Therefore, nothing to tell you how to measure the wood to cut, nothing to tell you which wood piece to start with before cutting, and no screw size.  There are pictures to tell you how to assemble it and you can guess at the right wood piece, but as far as measurements you're on your own.  My son has gotten this out twice and each time very excited to build a tank.  However, within about 5 minutes, he has lost intrest (and frustrated), and so have I at this point.  The measuring is the problem. It takes me a couple of minutes to figure out which piece needs to be measured and cut, and then a few more minutes to properly measure the wood before cutting. At this point, I'm thinking about letting him just cut the wood however he likes, it might be more fun for both of us.  The recommended age is for a 6 to 15 year old.  I'm an adult in my 30's, with a sufficient college education, and this is difficult for me.
I really wanted to love this. I love to make things and build things and I was looking forward to teaching my son about tools, and safety and build something with minimal blood, sweat, and tears.First of all, I think this kit would be worthy of another two stars if it came with kid-sized and adult-sized safety goggles.  Yes. I am serious. This is a great kit with safe versions of many different items you would find on any self-respecting carpentry hobbyist's workbench.  I do not think that we should ignore teaching our kids safety first, even when playing in the "sandbox" version.Second of all, the material is a compressed plastic foam that is fairly close to the foam that electronics ship in.  It's easy to cut through and puncture, but it's not sturdy enough to really build anything that will last.  Perhaps I am being to picky, but I would have liked to have a similarly easy material that one can take the project a step further by finishing it and having a piece that the child can actually use and hold onto as a memento.  The beige "wood" just isn't included with that in mind, though I wish the company that makes the Real Construction Deluxe Tool Workshop would have considered their product as more of a safe way for kids to learn about building things with the knowledge, they gain in using their product, applicable and expandable (eventually) to more advanced projects and hopefully, some day, real tools and more versatile materials.My son was 7 when we played with this, and while the box seemed promising, he wasn't excited once he saw the materials and realized that the foam was too flexible for building anything really usable that grabbed his interest.  Then again, he has been working alongside me (no power tools, nothing too sharp, but if he is at my bench or the worktable he wears his safety goggles)for a few years now and he has participated in the Saturday workshops at Home Depot where parents and kids team up and build things, using real tools (a wooden race car, a birdhouse, a step stool...All things that will be treasured and used for a long time).Still, this may be a good gift for a kid who doesn't have the handiest/DIY parents and could use any exposure to the joy of making something from nearly-raw materials (even if they are faux materials)...If you are considering giving this is a gift for the holidays, you might want to pick up an inexpensive pair of kid sized safety goggles (that would make a cool topper for the wrapped box!)...
I gave this to my 7 year old nephew and he really liked it.  The tools and the materials are great for kids.  They all look like real tools, but kids are able to safely use everything.  But, if you want to construct anything real then you will need to work very closely with the kids to build things.  There are "instructions" included, but they are more like general guidelines for how to build a handful of things.  The main issue with the instructions is missing measurements.This is a great toy for those kids that really want to get involved when actual construction projects are taking place.  It encourages creativity and with lots of focus and help from an adult, kids can end up with a nice finished product that they actually made.If kids want to keep building more than two or three projects, you will have to purchase more building materials.
I was really excited about this set. I thought my son and I would have this great time with it but that was not the case. I'm a pretty handy guy, but the instructions with the kit were less than helpful. Instead of step-by-step directions, the brochure just showed pictures of various crafts you can make with the kit. While the pictures were helpful in giving a general idea of what the pieces should look like, they really weren't detailed enough. They could have been improved dramatically if the company had just put some rough measurements of the pieces.So... my son and I built the tank and it was mostly an exercise in frustration. We kept trying to guess what to do based on the pictures but the tank didn't turn out quite as expected. It wasn't awful, but it was anti-climatic once it was complete.But, once we finished the tank, we started building things on our own and had a pretty good time. We built each other swords and shields and then had a battle, and that experience was fun. My suggestion to anyone who wants to get the kit is to ditch the "instructions" and just make things yourselves.Ultimately, all of the foam wood scraps, plastic screws, etc. ended up in the trash within a few days. Was it worth the price? Probably, but I wouldn't highly recommend it.
Overall, I really like the Tonka Ricochet. My six-year-old son and I had a lot of fun driving it around the neighborhood, doing off-road, jumping makeshift ramps, scaring the neighborhood cats, etc. It's a simple control vehicle -- not the finest controls in the world, but it's all responsive and works -- and it has a good range. The battery pack, once its fully charged, seems to last a decent length of time, too. The booklet said a full charge should last about 15 minutes, but that must be 15 minutes of continuous wheel turning; we clocked in a good 30 minutes of normal driving one time, and it still had some juice left.My complaints about this are mainly technical. Specifically, the battery back, which is removable only by unscrewing a plate and then trying to unplug a very tight plug connector. It's unnecessarily difficult, especially for a child, to have to do this after each use (which is more or less how often you'll want to charge it, after each full play session). I've had other RC cars that charge right in the vehicle -- you just plug into the side. Why didn't Tonka go this route?
I always wanted one of these and my mother always said no.  One of the biggest selling points for me on this car is that it came with the battery and charger.  Very annoying to have to go out and find batteries that are specialized.  Though what is annoying is that you have to have a screwdriver to take the battery out.  When we too this out we got about 20 minutes of running time on a full charge. Not exactly great, but about what I expected.The lift action is fun.  If it gets flipped over you can't use the lift anymore.Our grass was about 4 inches tall and it seemed to really have to work to drive through it.  It can, but you can hear the motor really working.Handling wise is is crazy - just crazy.  Don't expect much in the way of precision steering.  Just have a nice large area and run it all over the place.  It has a fair amount of speed - enough that we really had a good time with it.As for durability - we ran it down a set of half broken concrete steps and it too them like a champ.  A few scrapes and cuts later it was still running just fine.The battery door is the biggest annoyance. Why you have to use a screwdriver instead of push some clips is beyond me.
My 5 yr old & my husband put this to the test, and it does everything as advertised, but the battery situation is a serious design flaw.This thing is so fun, we all wish the batteries would last a full hour at least. Not only is the low play time (15-25 minutes depending on what you do) a let-down, but the four-hour charge with the screwing/unscrewing of the battery compartment limits how often we take this out to play.I understand the compartment has to be secure so the batteries don't fly out, but considering how often you have to charge them, I don't understand why they wouldn't have designed this product with an internal recharge feature. It would be easier just to be able to plug it in when it's not in use, instead of all the little annnoying steps for less than a half-hour of use.I wouldn't recommend this to anyone, unless they were serious fans of remote control vehicles. It is an incredible toy vehicle, but make sure you won't mind the constant battery recharging before you buy this.
A kid- pleasing toy, the Easy Bake Microwave and Style Deluxe Kit allows children to enjoy some creativity while also producing cakes and cookies, both in a matter of minutes. The kit comes complete with cutters, rolling pin, measuring spoons, and other necessities so that your child can create dessert treats, just like a grown- up.My girls love this kit and they were anxious to use it when it arrived at my front door. They enjoyed mixing up the cakes and creating special treats for their (and supposedly my) enjoyment. They had a good deal of fun watching and waiting as their treats emerged from the microwave, ready to consume.There is no doubt that the young ones in your home will love this kit and will rate it as one of their favorites. But from an adult perspective, there are some problems with this product. The greatest problem is the same one many others in this forum have stated, and that is the taste of the food. It is nasty, to say the least, and the mixes are loaded with artificial ingredients. Little ones don't seem to mind the taste so much, but adults will have a hard time keeping a straight face as they consume the cakes and tell their children what a great job they did.Are there other problems? Yes, among them the tiny pieces and cleaning them. There is no easy way to store the small pieces (the kit doesn't come with a storage box), so you will need to find our own storage method. We place ours in a large, plastic container for future use. The pieces take careful effort to clean, too. They need to be washed by hand (cannot place in dishwasher), but reaching into the small grooves takes, well, the small fingers of a child in order to reach.So, how to I rate the Easy Bake Microwave and Style Deluxe Kit? Well, it isn't anything like the Easy Bake products I remember my sisters using as a child and the included mixes create food that is barely edible. In spite of these cons, however, I have to give this product an average rating overall because it encourages fun and family togetherness. Regardless of what I think, my girls love it and will likely use it again. The large smiles it produces and the endless fun and creativity it inspires make this a product worth considering- barely.
This product promises good fun for little girls (and boys for that matter), but there are some cons. First of all, the directions on the packaging do not tell you not to use hot water in the mixes. This is a mistake I made and the product started to cook before I could even get it into the microwave (and we are talking warm tap water here, not boiling water). Furthermore, each package only makes three cookies or cakes, so the picture on the front that suggests its aptness for a "baking party" is a little misleading. The finished product(s) tastes okay, but I wouldn't call it delicious by any stretch of the imagination. Furthermore, it is not as easy as it seems to get your finished goods looking as nice as they do on the package. It was fun for  the girls on some level, but I think the instructions could be a little more specific and the packaging art a little less misleading.All in all, it is worth the price if you have a couple of Betty Kayes at home :)
I ordered this thinking it would be good fun for my kids and me.  But when I got the cute little box, I noticed the ingredients of all the little mixes and things on the back.  Artificial this, artificial that--the word "artificial" must appear 50 times.  All the packets went in the trash.However, the hardware bits are good.  There are cookie cutters, a rolling pin, measuring spoons.  I will use those with my boys to make some goodies from homemade batters.  So it's a good set for the little tools.  They're just the right shape and size for little hands.
I'll say right off the bat that my 5 year old daughter loved the EASY BAKE MICROWAVE AND STYLE DELUXE DELIGHTS KIT.  She loved mixing up the cakes, loading them into the "cake pans," mixing and squishing the fondant with her hands, and pressing the fondant into the molds.  She was very proud of making one tiny cake each for Dad, Mom, and herself, and she had a great time.  That is definitely worth something in my book.Now for the BUTS.  And they are pretty big...1.  There is no way you can make the fancy detailed cakes and cookies on the package without using up all the mixes in the package.  That means you would have to replace the mixes every time your little baker wanted to use the EASY BAKE MICROWAVE AND STYLE DELUXE DELIGHTS KIT.  That makes this project a bit cost prohibitive.2.  There are lots of little tiny pieces, all of which you need to make a single, tiny cake, and, of course, the EASY BAKE MICROWAVE AND STYLE DELUXE DELIGHTS KIT does not come with its own storage box.  I always end up using Ziploc bags, but you can still easily lose one of the multitude of necessary, aforementioned, tiny pieces, which, of course, you cannot replace.3.  Taste.  YUCK.  Admittedly, we have only make the raspberry flavored cakes with the hot pink fondant (the wee one is going through a MASSIVE pink phase), but they tasted dreadful (not that she knew), and are full of artificial ingredients.  I really don't want to eat these, and I REALLY don't want my child to eat them (although she did declare her handy work delicious).  I HOPE the chocolate will taste better, but I seriously doubt it will.4.  MESSY.  This is a very messy project, especially with a 5 year old.  You cannot get the mixes in the tiny baking dishes without making one.  We also ended up with fondant crumbs everywhere.  And (although the box does warn you), the dye used in the mixes stains.  My fingers were still pink two days later.  The mess in and of itself is not an issue, we make big messes every time we cook together, but none of the myriad of tiny pieces is dishwasher safe.  Additionally, if you need to use a piece in subsequent steps, then you need to wash those pieces between the steps.  This makes the project longer and messier that it needs to be.The EASY BAKE MICROWAVE AND STYLE DELUXE DELIGHTS KIT is a great concept.  I loved my Easy Bake Oven as a child, and this seemed like its natural evolution.  But I could use my Easy Bake Oven myself and clean it up easily; this definitely takes an adult and a lot more clean up time.  This EASY BAKE MICROWAVE AND STYLE DELUXE DELIGHTS KIT simply fails on so many levels.  My intention is to let my daughter use it a few more times, until the mixes are gone...and then it will disappear into the back of the cabinet.
Okay, so this review will be split into two points of view: mine and my 6-year-old daughter's.MY OPINION: This is a cute kit with a lot of parts. The cake mix comes in little packets that you mix with a small amount of water. Once the mix is made (and it smells horrible) you spoon it into the cake molds. They are much smaller than I thought but this is the first experience I've had with anything Easy Bake. I know, it's a sad statement on my childhood. The final cakes without fondant are no more than about 1 inches wide.Here comes the interesting part. You microwave the cake mix for 30 seconds. That's it. I can't imagine anything cooking like that in 30 seconds. So when it comes out, it is this semi-wet, spongy looking thing. I have to wonder what kind of food product (or chemicals) will mix and cook safely in 30 seconds.We then mixed the fondant which turned out to work well. We rolled it out, we pressed it into the molds and we used stamps on it to make designs. It helps to use a little confectioners sugar to keep the fondant from sticking to the tools and rolling pin.Our assembled cakes looked much more appetizing with the fondant than when they were just cakes. Assembly was fairly easy and because of the variety of tools, it was pretty easy to make something that looked good (good enough for a child).The final test was to try a bit. It was not tempting, even for someone like me with a sweet tooth. It tasted really odd and I had no desire to try another bite.MY DAUGHTER'S OPINION: "I'm so excited! The stuff in the box looks really fun. Can we make them NOW??? Mmmm. The cake mix smells really good. It's hard to stir all the lumps out. Are the cakes cool yet? Can we put the fondant on them now? Wow, they look so good. Can I put a flower on this one? Can I eat them now? Wahoo! They taste so yummy! Can we make the cookies now?"The bottom line is, this is made for kids. It is well thought out in terms of ease of use (it's not perfect but the kids don't care). It makes something that looks enticing and good enough for a child to feel like they did a great job. However, my daughter eventually only took about three bites and has not asked for any more.I don't want to think about what chemicals went into making it such an easy process but since we won't be eating it often - and realistically, the fun is in the making, not the eating. Since there is a limited number of cake mixes and I can't see buying more, I think I'll try to make some other small cakes (using real batter) and try some marzipan and fondant to cover them, using the tools provided. I'm sure we'll have fun doing that as well.We have some pictures in customer images to share our finished cakes. Don't expect anything like what is on the box though!
My two daughters (4 and 7)  were over the moon when this showed up on our doorstep.  Our easy bake oven was recalled years ago, and they had been pining for one ever since.  I was excited to use the microwave rather than a bulky easy bake oven, because with 3 kids, I don't need anything else to store.Anyway, unlike with the oven, the cakes actually come out decent and my kids LOVE the entire experience.  It is just that the directions are very clear that the fondant stains.  And of course, the fondant is by far,  their favorite part.  Despite the fact that I laid down three layers of wax paper, it was everywhere.  I spent the whole time washing little hands, accessories and counters, and had a hard time enjoying the project.  In all fairness, this kit is for 8 and up, and if my four year old wasn't involved, it would have been much less stressful.I would give it 5 stars if they came up with a way to make the icing washable.  Until then, I've hidden this away and have developed a lengthy list of excuses every time the kids request another cake making session!
My daughter had the "New" Easy Bake oven a few years ago before it was recalled due to the extreme burn danger. As has always been the case with Easy Bake, you get small portions - given America's obesity epidemic, I see no problem with the small portions offered in these kits. The new updated microwave version is no different. The mixes make 3 items from each bag. The refills are exceptionally overpriced, but this provides great entertainment for small children at a sleepover. The girls made 3 items in the course of about 30 minutes, entirely on their own (9 years old).The taste left a LOT to be desired, but to them, it isn't about the taste, it's the fun times spent together making things.The kit does what it claims, and is entertaining. If you want a cake decorating kit, buy one of those. If you want large portions, go to the grocery store and make a mix with your kids and use aforementioned cake decorating kit.
The cakes are easy bake, 30 seconds and done.  The cookies and cakes are pretty as a button, at least on the pictures.All the bake tools are cute and pretty.  This kit comes with all the ingredients, molds, microwave cover, rolling pin, and the only things not included are the bowls.  Sounds fun?  It is, until you start with all the preparations, reading of the instruction and finally cleaning of the mess.  The cakes are much much smaller than the pics, they are the size of a bitesize chocolate.  Getting the cakes out of the mold already was a disappointment, even with the greased mold, it is hard to take them out in perfect good shape - they crumbled.  The decorations are easy to mold but hard to remove.In summary, all the work required is not worth in exchange for a little fun.
No one buys one of these under the pretenses of making something healthy. At least I hope not. I ordered it, thinking that we could use regular cake mixes and icing to create things after the original products ran out. Not so.  At least I don't know how to do it.  The cooking times given for the mini cakes wouldn't be sufficient to make products that include raw egg.  I did find some recipes on the internet to make your own easy bake mixes for a fraction of the cost (they would also not include the ridiculous number of chemicals and preservatives, either).That probably won't happen any time soon.  This product was way too labor intensive (mostly for me) and produced little desserts that have so many chemical and artificial flavors that my 4 and 6 year old daughters didn't want to eat them.  It's far less time consuming to buy a couple of specialty pans that make mini cakes and use canned frosting or homemade if you want to go that way.  This contains plastics with BPA - then you put them in the microwave to ensure that the carcinogenic chemicals once contained in the plastic are now all through your food. Yuck.Unless your children are old enough to do this entirely on their own, it's going to consume your entire afternoon and  you'll have little to show for it. If your kids will eat the stuff.  We did give it a second life as play dough toys. It works nicely for that.I wouldn't recommend this product to anyone. Yuck.
My 8 year old is in love with baking and cake decorating. I couldnt wait to have her try this out.  She was not disappointed. It may be her favorite toy ever. I was less than thrilled with it (but I expected that).PROS:There's a good variety of cake/cookie/fondant mixes.  There are a ton of tools included as well.Cakes and cookies cook in under 30 seconds. So unlike the easy bake oven, you can crank out several different types of goodies in a very short amount of time.There are plenty of decorating options. Using the tools and fondant, its like a giant edible play doh factory.  Kids can spend a good amount of time decorating so it's a great rainy day project.CONS:Nothing is dishwasher safe and if you use the entire kit you'll be washing 20+ pieces by hand.Non-stick spray is recommended.Kids may get frustrated that their desserts don't look anything like those on the box.The taste (but the kids dont seem to mind it)OVERALL:My daughter keeps raving about it saying it gets two thumbs all the way up.  If I was to rate it on her opinion it would get 5 stars. If I was to rate it on my experience I'd give it one star.
I didn't really get this DVD or Juno.  It wasn't very entertaining, and my two year old son wasn't entrhalled with it either.  He actually left the room after about 15 minutes, though admittedly, he isn't a big TV kid.  Juno is a mix of animation and puppets, and neither are that great.  Our two year old loves Yo Gabba Gabba and other mixed media, musical series, but he didn't latch on to Juno.Maybe it grows on you, but I'm not going to force it on my child.  The educational value was very limited, and I think there are shows out that do a much better job overall than this series.Sorry Juno, but you just didn't capture mine or my boy's imagination.
disclaimer: I am reviewing a unit I received for free through the Vine program.Summary: Interesting idea, decent hardware, can be fun. BUT, sneaky way to suck you in to ongoing purchases of more books.The device (like a fat ballpoint pen) works well, straight out of the box (it's preloaded with the data for the sample book), downloads new content from the PC/web application OK, though the PC application is indeed clunky.Buying this unit (Leapfrog TAG Reading System) is like buying a DVD player, or an MP3 player. You are just buying the base platform with no content! (except for a short sample).The content comes in short books that are all sold separately and all cost $14 US each.The content seems unfortunately to be all based on Disney etc. (Spongebob, Spiderman, ...) other commercial characters. The good thing is that your kid is probably familiar with the characters. The bad thing of course is that it's just more corporate control over your kid's imagination...We bought one content book, the Spongebob Squarepants one. $14 US retail. It's a fairly short story, just a few pages long, mostly pictures. You can click with the TAG to read the whole story, or read specific words. There are hotspots you can click on the pictures to get characters to say things or make noises. And there are games you can play that make you click on one word, then another matching/derived word etc.There IS something good about having this out in the "real world" with no "screens" involved, no PC's, laptops, not even iPods, just this little TAG pen and the content book (once you download the data for that book, through your PC).So you can sit with your kid, with this TAG pen and this physical book, and they're clicking on stuff in the book, and it's making sound etc., and there are some good things that can be learned.But much of the content is not all that great. well, depends if your kid can already recognize a lot of words or not. and the design of the book content plus TAG hotspots is not always that great, some of it is very confusing to the (5-year old) kid because of the poor design.
The TAG reading system is a pen that can read the words in the TAG books. The pen comes with one sampler book then additional books must be purchased. A Leapfrog connection software must be downloaded first and then each book purchased must have the audio downloaded for it. I mention this because if you are still on dial-up, then you probably won't be able to use this for additional books. The connection software takes 4 hours to download alone. If you are on high speed then the download part will probably not be a issue for you.The product itself is really nice. You just rub the pen tip over the words in the book and the pen reads the word for your child. My 5 year loved this. Kids love anything techy so it makes learning to read fun and gets them interested in books. A total of 10 books can be loaded onto your pen out of about 40 available. Great for car trips, keeps the kids occupied while they are learning at the same time.
This device works surprisingly well.  You just point it at some text and the pen reads it aloud.  It's freaky cool technology, really.  My question is what's the purpose?  I guess it's to give early readers a hint as to what the text says?  Or perhaps for non-readers to enjoy a reading experience without adult supervision?  It's a very neat solution to a problem we haven't encountered yet.The software installs easily on your computer and doesn't require any real computer expertise.  If you feel this product would benefit your child, I'd certainly recommend it.
I got the original 16MB version of Tag and overall I'm rather disappointed. The Tag itself is an interesting piece of technology: it embeds an optical scanner and the special Tag books are printed with patterned backgrounds developed by a Swedish company called Anoto.  The books are interesting, but they are very thin (in size and content) and rather expensive.  So in order to take advantage of Tag, you must buy the additional titles, which can set you back a lot of money very quickly, as each sells for $14 or so -- say you buy 6 books, which will probably keep your kid occupied for a couple weeks, and you're out $84 before tax and shipping.The worst part of the Tag is the software which you must download from LeapFrog's website. The software, called LeapFrog connect, is poorly written and often has trouble connecting to my Tag, even though I have a new computer with tons of memory and a quad-core Intel processor and the fastest and most reliable USB ports and driver I've ever used. (I have 10 active-duty PCs at home and I support my family friends' computers.)  It's quite frustrating to use.I don't think I would recommend Tag to most families.  Like printers, the additional purchases are necessary and expensive, and the educational value is limited.  It's just not a good investment for your kids, unless you have more three or more who can share one in which case maybe it's worth considering.
I was excited to get this for my first child, but at the age of 3, he doesn't yet have the attention span for it--plus, honestly, he's spoiled by the iPad so this isn't very exciting to him. Also, when I selected it from Vine, I hadn't realized you would have to download software and upload each purchased book. And maybe MY attention span is lacking as well, because I couldn't even figure out how to use it without the instructions (never a good sign to me). I'll keep trying it with my son in case his interest changes, but in the meantime, I'm glad I didn't spend money on it.
Short version:The good: The pen is amazing, a real marvel of teaching technology.  The kids like it.The bad:  It's the most techno-savvy leapfrog product yet.  The pen needs to be connected to the computer a lot as your child learns.  Not only do you have to "download" the books onto the pen, but there is a feedback loop where the child earns rewards.  Most of the "rewards" require printer paper and ink.  I wish you could turn off the pen's requests to be plugged back into the computer, but you can't.Should you buy it:If you are used to performing regular "maintenance" with your ipod, and you don't mind that, then definitely buy it.If you don't like maintainin computers (firmware upgrades, syncing, troubleshooting, etc) then consider very carefully before buying.Don't get this as a gift for a person who either doesn't have a computer, or has a relic of a computer that they never use.Long version:I have owned a lot of leapfrog toys.  This is the first one I've used which is very similar to owning an ipod.Upon receiving this product, the pen comes with a demo book.  The demo book works out of the box, of course.  The technology itself is cool, there is a little camera underneath the pen point and it can "see" where you are on the page.  Touching the pen to the page makes the pen announce whatever is in that location.  You can switch "modes" by touching in the corner of the book.  For example, you can switch to "play a game" or you can "read".The demo book is fine for maybe a couple hours play, but it doesn't have enough play value for you to be satisfied with the demo book alone.  You're going to have to buy more books, which you expect if you have some experience with these leapfrog devices.So I bought several books to test this out with.  They included:LeapFrog Tag Activity Storybook I SPY Imagine That!,LeapFrog Tag Learn to Read Phonics Book Series Short Vowels, andLeapFrog Tag Learn to Read Phonics Book Series Long Vowels, Silent E and Y.  I waited to post my review until those items arrived.It was only after I received these books that I realized what it was like to use this product.  Here is my journey, in steps:STEP 1: I had to install Leapfrog software on my computer.  And each time you buy a book you have use your computer to "install" that book on the pen.  You can't go to a store and pick up a Leapfrog book and use it right away.  You either have to download the audio ahead of time (more on that in a minute) or come home and download it after you buy the book.  This IS NOT a cartridge system, like many previous leapfrog products.STEP 2: I had to set up a leapfrog,com ACCOUNT with a username and password.  I didn't appreciate the need to set up an account.  I am receiving occasional rare email solicitations from Leapfrog now, even though I indicated that I didn't want any emails.STEP 3: I had to set up each CHILD in the account.  You do this to track their progress.  I actually don't care about that very much, and I would have appreciated an opt-out on that feature.  So each child has a little account of their own.STEP 4: After I installed the software I plugged the pen into my computer with a USB cable.STEP 5: Then I had to update the software on the pen. (Thats "firmware" to us geeks).  Thats right, Leapfrog felt the need to change the software that makes the pen work between the time the pen was made and the time you bought it.  So bringing the pen "up to date" is your responsibility.STEP 6: Then I had to find the books I bought (one at a time, even though they aren't sold separately) for download from leapfrog's website.  You can download every book they have, even if you don't own the paper version of the book.  You could download the audio for a book, and then go to the store and buy the paper version, and then use the paper book immediately.  This was kind of nice if you are planning ahead.I hope you see what i'm saying - to use any book you need to have (1) a paper book and (2) a digital download for that same paper book which you got on your computer.  If you only have one or the other, you can't use that book.STEP 7: Next I had to use the computer program to move the books I wanted to use onto the pen.  This is called "synchronizing".  Fortunately, all 12 fit on the pen at one time.  You'd have to buy a lot of books before you filled up the pen (maybe 20?).STEP 8: I had to hit a button telling it to Sync.STEP 9: Then I unplugged the unit to let my child play with it.STEP 10:  (the unexpected step!) The toy instructs my child that she has won a reward!  And to plug it back into the computer to claim the reward!  The reward is a color bookmark for me to print out on my printer!  In 1 book (the I spy) she earned all four rewards in an hour.  Each time she stopped what she was doing and came to me to plug it in, view the reward, and print it out.  The first time, the software said I didn't own the book (which was funny because I had downloaded it using the same software) but after restarting it, restarting the pen, and resyncing the pen to the software it finally agreed that I did, in fact, own the book and could redeem the reward.  Personally, I didn't like step 10 very much, I was done at step 9, but modern technology is demanding.Will you (as a parent) like this experience?1) Obviously, if you one of the millions of people who are used to having your iphone, ipod, or whatver, you are used to all of this.  You get to do it all again when you buy this device.2) If you are one of the millions of people to whom this sounds like a pain in the [...] and makes you want to call your son in law, then, maybe, just maybe, this product is not for you.As for the product:The product is really quite good.  Its amazing what it can do.  And the kids really love to use it.  It will help them to learn to read, spell, and some other things too.  I'm very pleased with the product overall.It has a headphone jack, but no headphones are included.  My kids prefer over-the-ear headphones because those little earbuds just keep falling out.  We use these:Sennheiser  HD 202 Dynamic Supra-Aural HeadphonesThe demo book that comes with it is just ok.  Being optomistic, its worth 2 hour of fun.  Its got a huge variety of stuff.  Its almost too random an assortment, but it does show you what the pen can do.  They had to include something.  But the demo book is not very "deep".  You absolutely will have to buy more books.  The books range from $10-$20 each.  They can be used without the pen in a pinch.  I think the books are a "fair" value.The instructions were "clear enough".  They are good considering how much more software is involved.  I felt comfortable with the instructions and had no problems getting it set up.  I'm complaining about how much "setting up" there was, but, it wasn't "hard".Overall, to enjoy this product you are looking at a total expense of around $100 between the reader and a reasonable assortment of books.  And its really cool and really fun once you look past the other details.
I'm one of those moms that doesn't have a tv in her house.  No, not primarily for my kids.  But because DH and I would do nothing but drool all over it every night and be brain dead.  As it is, I find that I spend far too much time staring at another screen--the computer screen.  My iPhone would be a close second.  And I can already see how this is influencing my daughter's preferences in spending her time.  She begs for my smartphone too.  I struggle with how much I should use it.  Since she has autism, (though this is relevant for all kids), there were many times that the phone saved me while I was doing necessary errands--going to the grocery with her, sitting at the DMV, waiting for a very late doctor's appointment, etc.  Sometimes I convince myself that it's educational b/c I have math or handwriting apps, or that I've seen her fine motor skills improve (something her occupational therapist can attest to).  However, sometimes it's a glorified electronic babysitter.  And, you know, sometimes that's ok too.Well, I kinda feel the same way about the TAG leapfrog reading system.  It's likely a step above television and the laptop.  I'm not sure that it's better than a smartphone.  Research has shown that kids need real interaction in order to learn.  I'm not entirely convinced that the reading pen does that for them.  I'll admit though, that I have a daughter who is hyperlexic (overly obsessed with letters and words) and that reading came naturally to her despite my not encouraging it (other than regularly reading to her).  Perhaps for a kid who is really interested in reading, but has some developmental gap in putting the phonics together or just making that last connection to full-blown reading, or even for the child who is reading but has a hard time with difficult words, this pen would be amazing.  But I just found that for my own daughter, she got much more pleasure out of interactive reading or, if she was reading on her own, she made much more progress when she was challenged by the words (and had to get up and ask me about what they were) rather than having some device just giving her all the answers.  Then again, the pen can function as a glorified electronic babysitter, and sometimes, that's ok too.  I guess I would recommend the product....in moderation.
I got this for my four year old who is learning to read. (His seven year old brother plays with it as well.) Along time ago, I had purchased a LeapFrog "Little Touch" pad that did a lot of the same things.  It was actually much easier to set-up, more affordable, and gave you more in the start-up package (a full book).Set-Up:You need a computer to set this up.  First, you need to unscrew the battery case and insert 2 AAA batteries.  There's a little arrow button that you push, while you unscrew the battery compartment with a coin. It's similar to the Leapster, although at least on mine, I wonder how long the screw is going to last as it doesn't seem to go in very well.  Then you'll need to go to the Leapfrog site, download Leapfrog Connect software, and hook up the Tag to your computer via a USB cable.  You'll then set up your child's account, and it will download any updates to your Tag.  You also can download the audio for the sample book at this time.  The Tag comes with a sample book which is a hodgepodge of various titles already available. I think it would have been much better to include a full-sized sample book as one would get a better idea of what can really be done with the Tag.Books:Each book costs upwards of $11.00 (on Amazon).  To me, that's a bit steep. I'd rather buy a new Leapster cartridge which seems to offer a lot more games/fun than one of the books.Overall:OK, I'm not a fan of this.  We love Leapfrog products and I truly expected to love this as well.  My kids liked it, but it didn't last--it's limited to how many new books you're willing to buy.  After day three, they didn't want to play with the first book I bought, but wanted another.  (Perhaps it's the one I chose?) I'm not going to spend $20/week buying new Tag books, sorry.  I'd much rather buy "real" books and read with them, then waste $$ on the Tag books.  If you want to teach your kids to read, I'd recommend Click-n-Kids phonics (Google it and buy it through Homeschoolers Buying Co-op).  It's about half the price of the Tag.  Then buy your kids real books.  If they want "fun", then I highly recommend any of the Leapster learning games over the Tag.  For roughly $25.00, I get a lot more entertainment and learning value for my kids than from the Tag books.Edited to add: It's been a few weeks.  This thing eats batteries.  It seems like we are having to replace the AAA batteries whenever my kids want to use it.  That also means that I have to go online and redownload the audio files to the Tag.  Annoying.  I did buy a new book for them to see if I'd feel any different about it.  It was the Disney Pixar Puzzle Book.  They liked it--but it's not something they keep going back to.  So, my original opinion that the Leapster is better holds. (It eats batteries too--but you can get rechargable ones or a plug adapter.)
As an educator, I'm leery of electronic aids for education purposes. I was interested in the Leapfrog TAG Reading System because my daughter had been begging for it for a long time. Overall, it was a fun toy for her but, as I suspected, not a great learning tool.Pros:1. It is sturdy.2. It is easy enough to download to your computer and upload the books you purchase.3. It was a welcome change from DVDs during travel.4. It is simple enough that a child can use and get the "hang of" fairly quickly.Cons:1. I dislike that they claim to be a reading system. It doesn't help your child read, it merely reads for them. My daughter already reads so she was more interested in the games.2. While certain stories are fun (I Spy and the Nature cards), there isn't much "learning".3. While it may be a fairly simple start up, you still have to download the Leapfrog system to your computer, upload every time you purchase a new book, etc.After a week or so of use, my daughter tired of it and went back to reading on her own. The books are fairly expensive for the system so unless you're willing to heavily invest in the system, it can get rather old quickly.
I remember loving Lincoln Longs when I was a kid, so I was excited to introduce my daughter to them.  This set, however, really doesn't give you much to work with.  There are way too many short logs in here and not nearly enough longer logs to make interesting structures.  Somehow I doubt the homesteaders contemplated by this set were living in tall, narrow structures that look more like 3-story urban townhouses that traditional log cabins!  If we're going to have any fun with these logs, we will be forced to buy another set to fill out the collection.  Maybe there's a townhose set out there that's all long logs...
I love the concept of Lincoln Logs and have fond memories of building with them as a child. These are exactly what I remember, with the addition of more elaborate plastic roof pieces, a farmer, horse and cart. They're good quality, though the warning in the instructions that the wood may stain carpet (it hasn't happened to us yet) does make me nervous and could be a problem if your play areas are carpeted.Creativity is a large reason I'd really want to offer Lincoln Logs to my children, but this set seems tailored toward building exactly what's shown, so I'm docking a couple of stars from what would otherwise be a glowing review. It contains exactly enough wooden pieces to build the two buildings shown on the front of the box, plus one small piece that cleverly becomes a trunk for the plastic tree. (This works perfectly, yet isn't pictured anywhere that I can find.) However, the mix is weighted so heavily toward the smallest wooden pieces with very few longer pieces that it's very challenging to free build and be creative. The specifically shaped roof pieces are attractive, but also don't lend themselves towards a variety of buildings. The set is marked three and up but, while my three year old is very interested in helping his parents build, there's little he can do on his own with this set.
I've been wanting to buy some Lincoln Logs for my boys for awhile, but wasn't sure if they would like them. So when I got offered the chance to test this set I decided to get them for my 3 year old.What does he think?- Not much. He does build elaborate train tracks that are quite impressive for a 3 year old, I think. And he does like to play with the Lincoln Logs if I build something for him, but he's really not into building cabins. He just might stack them really high and knock them over with his trains. My 18 month old just wants to throw them, much to my frustration. Neither one has actually asked to play with the Lincoln Logs.What do I think?- I find them rather relaxing to play with but...- Out of 120 pieces, 111 are logs - 94 of them onesies! (1 1/2" logs). Seriously? Could have enjoyed this set a lot more had there been longer logs.- The plastic figures included are hardly desirable; the farmer looks scary.- The wood itself seems nice, though, and so far is standing up quite well with my younger son throwing them against the hardwood floors.- The box the logs came in is ridiculously deceptive. All of the logs could have fit in a box 1/3 of the size. And the lid doesn't stay on well, so it's sometimes awkward to grab the box. (Thinking we may store these in something else).Overall the set is "ok." Expect to make cabins with lots of airy windows. We'll probably look around for a set that has longer logs. Still, I think the kids will enjoy them as they grow, I hope.
Great idea and loads of fun, but the supplies and accessories can add up.  If one can get supplies on sale, then it's not so bad.  But it's like the razor scam - give you a good deal on the razor because they will hook you in on buying the replacement blades.
We've been using Crayola Wonder coloring books since my kids could color.  We've got a huge selection of books and markers on hand and thought this would make a great addition for the girls.  It comes with several mini markers that can be stored on the back (only 5 though).  It also stores the larger markers that we've gotten from other color books.  I love that there are two volumes that can be selected.  I do have to do the set up with my kids, making sure the sound card is put in properly and then putting the paper under the clips.  My four year old has no problem setting the sounds, unlike my three year old who requires my help.  You push the sound card then the picture where you want it to make a sound.  You can put the same sound in several spots.  My 3 and 4 year old girls loved this toy, for two days.  Then it just seemed to get old.  It's been sitting on the toy room floor ever since.  I know the girls would renew their interest if I bought theCrayola Color Wonder Sound Studio Disney Evergreen Princess Refillswhich was several dollars cheaper on amazon a few weeks ago.  Since Color Wonder Sounds Studio refills cost almost twice as much as their regular coloring books, I'll stick to regular coloring books.
I love the idea of Color Wonder.  However for the price a couple of things were a disappointment. One it needs battery and they don't come in the box also there is only  few sheets of color wonder paper and pictures which means that you need to get more if you want to carry on using the color wonder items. I do like the place to keep the pens at the back of the tray although it only comes small pens. I have not had any issue with it being durable for now if that changes I will let you know. My kid loves drawing so that means he thinks it is great but for me I am not yet completely sold on what you get for the money and although the sounds are fun I am not sure that they really add that much to the experience. I am not sure I would by this again as I feel my kids would love the pens and paper by itself.  Also as always with color wonder there is a slight lag between the pen going across the paper and then the color appearing.
There are endless possibilities for mixing and matching sounds with the sound cards that are included - but for a younger child this might be more work than it's worth to them.  And yes the Color Wonder markers to take a bit longer to show on the paper than regular markers, so some children may find that a bit frustrating.  A younger child will likely need some adult assistance and supervision until they get the hang of using this.For an older child with patience and imagination I think this would be a fantastic toy, a great way to bring colored pictures to life and encourage them to explore.  This comes with some Color Wonder paper and markers but you can use any of the Color Wonder paper/markers with this.  It does not include batteries.  There is a volume control which I definitely like.While there is a small compartment to store the markers it comes with, there is no place to store the paper or sound cards - I wish there was a storage compartment underneath to store these items so you could easily keep everything together.Overall I think it's an ok toy but definitely recommend sticking with the manufacturer age recommendation minimum of 5 years.
If you are familiar with Color Wonder, you will know that the advantage to these markers is that they do not mark anything but the Color Wonder paper.  The disadvantage is that you need to keep buying Color Wonder paper.What does Color Wonder Sound bring to the Color Wonder line?  Well, it's a nice desk for the children to color on.  It comes with five Color Wonder markers, 12 Color Wonder coloring pages, and six blank Color Wonder pages for freestyle drawings.  Three AA batteries are required.  They are not included.Color Wonder colors take a little time to develop on the paper, which can be a little frustrating for youngsters who are used to regular markers.  They may also tend to color outside the lines when they can't see where they are coloring.  I notice the colors do show more quickly than they used to, which is an improvement.There are six different sound cards with ten sounds per card.  The child inserts a card into a slot on top of the desk.  S/he picks a sound and then presses a spot on her picture to place the sound.  There is a button to erase the sound, either from one position or the entire picture, if s/he makes an error.  The sounds can be mixed and matched from among the cards.  When the child is done, s/he can press different parts of the picture to play the sounds.  If the sounds get too annoying for the adults, there is an option to choose between loud and soft.  The sound does turn off after 10 minutes of inactivity to preserve battery life.There's a spot on the back to hold the five markers but no place for the sound cards, and the papers are loose leaf.  I store everything in the original box, but a self-contained unit would have been nice.What do my nine and six year olds think?  They both like coloring.  My nine year old colors on it, but he says the sounds don't add much play value.  My six year old has more fun placing the sounds; but when she's done, she doesn't play with the sounds.PROS:+ doesn't mark anything but Color Wonder paper+ sounds from different sound cards can be mixed and matched on the picture+ place to store markers+ volume control (loud and soft)+ sound turns off after 10 minutes of inactivityCONS:- must buy more Color Wonder paper- no place to store sound cards- lag time for colors to develop- batteries not included- kids don't play with sound very much
My 6 year old daughter loves to color. She loves the color wonder books so I thought she would enjoy this as well. The sounds were a lot of work to get going, and didn't work all that well. She wasn't impressed with it. She wanted to just color, not work at getting some sounds to work. Also it is kinda an oversight to not have the sound cards store in the unit itself. Overall, I'd say this is one of those things that looks fun in theory, but in practice just turns out not to work very well. I'd stick with the color wonder coloring books instead.
Like a number of other reviewers I like the Color Wonder items because they can only be used on Color Wonder paper.  With a six year old and a 3 year old in the house, that is a good thing indeed.  Of course as other people said, if you run out of Color Wonder paper the markers are useless, and more than once my boys have thought the markers dried out and threw them away, probably well before they should have.  But anyways...I got this thinking that the sounds would come on randomly as the boys colored, making it an interactive way to color, something that would interest them, however that isn't the case.  You insert little cards (remember 3 AA batteries!) at the top and push them, and THEN you push the pictures.  No big deal, but not what I expected.The cards, markers and paper all store on the little desk, which is nice, though I keep it in the original box, and it is user friendly once the batteries are installed.  My six year old figured it out in no time and showed his younger brother what to do as well.For the money, there are other craft kits I would rather buy.  My kids are happy with some color wonder markers and a little coloring book, which I can get at my local store for less than seven dollars.  Nothing here warrants spending sixteen more dollars, plus the cost of batteries.
The recommended age, by the manufacturer, is 5-15.  It is not for 5 year olds.  My daughter was completely frustrated by it.  The markers require quite a bit of strength to be able to use them.  Once you did finally get a splotchy design made, it was gone in about 90 minutes.  I would not recommend this at all unless your child is 10-15.
Crayola doesn't just make crayons. They also make a whole host of other cool, new toys and markers. My 8-year-old son and myself had high hopes for this one.Unfortunately, the toy doesn't quite live up to the hype.For younger children, they will need parental assistance on this one.Your child will use a set of four colored markers to color various cut-outs and/or scenes. Then, using a special marker, your child will go over what was just colored, applying another layer, which makes the cut-outs glow. I do not know if we had an old set, but our "glow" marker seemed awfully dry.Then, the cut-outs are placed in holders, which are attached to a rotating device. Your child brings the device into a dark (and it does need to be dark to see the fruit of his or her work) room, turns the spinning device on, and watches his glowing creation spin around.We were disappointed with the lack of glow, so we reapplied the glowing marker to our pieces. Parents should also be aware that the glow feature will only work for a few hours. After that, your child will have to color new pieces.It's a great idea, but the practical carry-through of the product just doesn't match expectations. I have a feeling that most children will be somewhat disappointed in the results.After designing the planetary cut-outs shown on the box cover, and trying it a couple of times, our son has not returned to the toy, but has left it sitting on the floor, untouched.
Crayola Model Magic Presto Dots to the Max is a toy designed to stimulate the imagination and creativity. This toy includes clay- like material and several different molds and other tools to create different creatures complete with eyes and dots, to make them look as silly as possible.My girls love Play- Doh, so I was confident they would enjoy the Crayola Model Magic Presto Dots to the Max when it was introduced into my household just a short time ago. From our experience so far, my prediction has held true- my kids do like this toy. The clay- like material is fluffier than Play- Doh and there is almost no smell. It molds easily and is less sticky than other, similar products and is thus a little easier to clean up. My kids like it because they like making things with molds and they enjoy the creative experience.Creativity is certainly the most valuable aspect of Crayola Model Magic Presto Dots to the Max and there is no denying that this toy offers a good deal of entertainment value, but there are some drawbacks to this toy. First, there are too many pieces and they will likely get lost over time. Second, the material is difficult to separate. Once you touch one color to another, you will find that some of the material will be inseparable. But the worst item in the package is the rolling pin. Ordinary rolling pins work the way they do because the handles are situated on the sides, sticking out, so that the rolling surface of the pin touches the surface beneath it- the surface that needs to be rolled. The rolling pin included in this set has handles that don't stick out- they actually extend beyond the roller, above and below, perpendicular to the surface beneath- similar to the wheels on a toy car. Because of this, you cannot roll the pin directly over the material. The handles themselves are what touches the surface beneath- not the roller. This is a major oversight on the part of the manufacturer.Another small issue I have with this toy is that it requires too much attention to detail. Take a good look at the completed creatures on the package and you will know what I am talking about. The creatures are covered with the small dots and look very artistic. I realize that the packaging is intended, in part, to help sell the product but youngsters may get frustrated because it will take far too much effort to get the finished product to look like this. Older children will be able to mimic the creatures on the box, but younger kids will grow frustrated quickly.Crayola makes many fun toys for kids and its Model Magic Presto Dots to the Max is an acceptable toy with some good reasons to buy it, but also some bad points that make it less worthy of purchasing. Since my kids like it and it does encourage creativity, I will go ahead and give it a modest recommendation. However, it is far from the perfect molding toy and it will annoy some parents and kids alike.
This toy is similar to Play-Doh. In addition to the 'clay', it comes with plastic 'bodies' on to which you can mould the clay and build different characters. There are small tools of different shapes (circle, square, triangle, star etc) with which you can pick 'buttons' to decorate your character. The finished characters look nice and most of the tools work alright.- The clay given is not enough to complete all character moulds provided in the kit. You need to purchase additional clay- Some of the tools are messier to clean-up, for e.g the clay often gets stuck in the 'star' and big dot tool- The kids to need quite a bit of patience to complete these characters
I ordered this for my 5 year old because he likes Play Doh, so I thought he might like playing with this.  He wasn't really interested in making the "dots", just formed it like usual clay or playdoh.  He used a couple of the accessories, but wasn't that interested in them either.  After one time, he hasn't asked to play with it again.  I think it might be better for older kids who have more patience to use the dots.  I also wish it came with some kind of storage box.  The pieces that come with it ended up all over the house.
Presto Dots to the Max is an interesting kit that my children (ages 5 and 6) were eager to play with. Overall, they enjoyed making dots and playing with the molds but it hasn't kept their interest very long term and they are generally pretty focused kids.PROS+ Different than similar products, the material dries and creates a long term "piece"+ The dot shapes are interestingCONS- One of our colors (red) was dried out when we opened it and completely unusable.- The containers are hard to open and the clay is not as easy to use as they were anticipating.- It's not as open ended as most similar material.- It's not as reusable as similar materials.A good one day project, perhaps, if your children are patient and like to follow directions.
My daughters were very excited to get this..it comes in a large, appealing, colorful box and they love anything crafty.I think 'Model Magic' is a neat concept. Easy to use, lighter and stickier than conventional play dough, dries very nicely to preserve creations.This kit however leaves me with mixed feelings. The majority of what you're getting, for the price, is a bunch of plastic pieces. The instructions (which are crucial if you're new to 'popping dots') have you cover the plastic bodies with the white model magic, which there does not seem to be nearly enough of, and is kind of tricky to accomplish. Popping dots is satisfying to young kids, but mine would just as much enjoyed popping dots on their own creations vs. the plastic feet stands provided.T hen in the end, you're left with these dot creatures...My oldest daughter saw the animal kits and would've preferred that she said. I however liked the fact that there was really no wrong or right way to make these, it involved more creativity than just following directions (although the instructions do show pictures of possiblities to get the creative juices flowing). I can see how for her having the finished product be an animal may have been more fun, but that's her and her personality.Don't get me wrong, I liked the fact that once they got the hang of things it kept them busy and I was able to accomplish some of my own projects. I just think for the price, and the final product, well, money may be better spent just buying model magic and letting them have at it with some kitchen tools and ideas like, making ornaments or making beads etc.
As part of my participation in the Amazon Vines program, I received this for review.I'm always hoping to encourage both of my daughters when it comes to music, but this one didn't really suit her.  She's played with it a few times, but my older daughter's cast off recorder seems to draw more of my 5 year old's interest than this guitar.  (Unfortunately, the recorder is also considerably louder.)  Even so, just because my daughter didn't care for it doesn't mean that your's won't.  Kids are like that.  As far as the guitar goes, the materials seemed strong enough and the knobs didn't loosen on their own, so that's a definite positive.
My review for this as a guitar would be 1 star, because this isn't a guitar. It is a ukulele, so the review is of this UKULELE.First, it is small, but if you view it as a ukulele and not a guitar, the size is correct. If you're wanting it as a play guitar, know that as a guitar it is sized for a 2 year old. The strings are pretty bad, but they are not easily snapped, which is important in a kid's instrument. (They tend to pluck really hard at times.) It is made of plastic, not a traditional wood. 4 strings (because it is a ukulele) not 6 (because it is not a guitar). It actually has decent tuners. It has proven itself durable so far. I think I might grab some better strings to see if we can't make some better music with it.
This 4 string ukulele has a plastic body with clear plastic-like strings.  It came with un-tightened strings and sounded very plunky.  My 13-year-old, who plays violin, tuned it and picked out a few tunes.  She says that it is annoying that the pegs have to be turned in different directions on either side of the neck to change notes up or down.  I could strum it, but would not call what I was doing "making music."  The tuning pegs are metal with Philips head screws, so I would guess that if it loses its "tunability," those could be tightened.  Not a bad little kid toy.
When I was in high school I had erasable pens.  Pen ink came out in a ball point sort of way and then could be erased.  This is better than that because after 24 hours it starts to be harder to erase.  But that's all this is, the writing doesn't look or feel like pencil writing.Further, this pen is hard to write with, the "ink" doesn't flow out very well.  And it requires some pressure.  To top it off, the pen feels cheap and uncomfortable in my hand.  I'm not convinced, and I'm not switching for now.Incidentally, what I am curious about is scantron forms.  Remember the old #2 pencil only forms that schools would use and if you used pen you wouldn't get credit?  This says it writes with "liquid graphite technology" (who knows that is technological about it, but whatever), so it should work on a pencil only form.  Of course I've been out of college for 7 years now, so I have no way of testing that.
This is a neat concept for a new product.  I liked the idea of the liquid pencil, but I found the markings to be darker that a normal pencil (dare I say, almost pen-like).  I do have to say though, that the the liquid pencil erased very easily even a day later.  I also found that writing with this pencil wasn't very smooth.  It almost felt like I was writing with an old pen that was running out of ink.  This product was just okay for me.
Although I will not be as damning as some of the other reviews I can say that this pencil is a wonderful idea but does not deliver they way I had hoped. I found it an easy pencil to hold and work with and for me it erased well enough but I did also suffer the problem that at times it did seem to just stop writing. I am a teacher and when I am reviewing some of my students work I like to use pencil so that they are able to erase it once they redo. They had no issue with erasing it but occasionally they could not see it.

The liquid lead pencil is the most interesting innovation to the pencil since the mechanical pencil.  Unfortunately, the implementation is not quite there yet.  The writing is smooth like a fine-tip ball point pen.  It erases exactly like a pencil as advertised.  It resists smudging as advertised.  If those are your main concerns with existing writing utensils, the liquid lead pencil is well worth picking up.The only problem is every time I pick up the pencil, it takes a character or two for the writing to cease being choppy.  If you write in large chunks, that wouldn't be an issue, but my use of a pencil is primarily for intermittent two or three-word notes during meetings.  Anything longer than that I type on a computer.  It's enough of an annoyance for me to wait for a new and improved version to come out.
The Indie Plush Doll is a cute and cuddly critter, perfect for infants and toddlers.  It is well-made, soft and large enough to cuddle with, and children will love the fact that Indie from the DVDs can be their own personal pal.
Without legs and ears, the bunny is about 8 1/2 inches long. In the picture on Amazon, the legs seem shorter than the normal state in which they are extended (just like the arms). I believe this bunny would be cuter if it were smaller. Unless a parent specifically points to the ears, a kid who is not familiar with the Juno show may actually be confused about the "pink snowman with rabbit ears". The bunny feels durable, yet I don't believe it should be priced higher than $10. I still believe most kids ages 2-4 (like my daughter) will love this toy for at least the first few minutes.
As a stand-alone toy, there's not much to say: It's stuffed, and it's cute. Children that are familiar with Bunny from the various Juno educational products will probably enjoy it more than one who has never encountered the character before. Juno donates an educational DVD to a child in need for every product sold, which is a nice way to rationalize the high price of what is basically just a plain ol' stuffed animal.
Overall its a ood durabl toy for girls. They will be more attachedto it if they follow their cartoon/book series. My daughter forgot it in a few weeks though.
Juno baby has 26 songs that average a few minutes each. The first 11 songs are singing, and the remaining 15 are only instrumental. I am a mom of three toddlers so I am very familiar with toddler music & shows over the last 5 years...let me just say Juno takes the cake...for most awful singing voice and sound. I can hardly stand her voice enough to bare through what she might be singing about. However, I did really enjoy the other 15 songs. I think letting your kids listen to classical music [especially in the car] is a wonderful idea. So if it wasn't for the second half of the cd I wouldn't recommend it. Your kids might enjoy it, but I don't plan on listening to it with them. The songs average out about half the cost of a iTunes kid song download so that does make it more of a deal I suppose. I am going to look into other Juno material to see if it is equally as whinny sounding or not. In summary, music=great, Juno's voice=not.
I hate giving this CD a tepid review. It's like turning away from a cute little puppy who's begging for a treat. The creator of this Juno Baby and Juno Jr. series is a classical composer and a mom, and she writes, "My wish is for all children to be surrounded by beautiful and interesting sounds, and for them to keep music forever a part of their lives." I love that.Unfortunately, she and I have a very different idea of what constitutes "beautiful sounds."The music is very well-written, well-produced, and spirited. The lyrics are cute. I love that this is meant to teach concepts of music to very young kids (ideas such as rhythm and echo). Had there been completely different voices, I'm sure I would have liked this CD quite a bit. But that's the problem: the singers seem to have been picked based on who could sound the most annoying. Nasal, grating, overdone "characters" sing through the first half of this CD. I wanted to turn it off almost immediately. It got on my nerves badly-- the way some people overdo "baby voices" when they "goo goo" and "ga ga" at babies. It's less irritating, I think, when you're watching the video and seeing the characters, but on the CD, there's nothing to balance out the singing.The second half of the CD, luckily, are instrumental versions of the songs (plus some extras, and a couple of classical bonus tracks). Those are nice.Total running time is a little over an hour. Eleven songs with singing, 14 instrumental.
This is nice enough, but my kids just don't gravitate toward it.  They prefer the Imagination Movers' songs, They Might Be Giants, or Ralph's World.  There's nothing specifically wrong with this CD--my kids just prefer other things.
Because music is highly subjective, it would probably best for anyone who hasn't heard Juno Baby to first YouTube a few songs before buying it.  That said, as a classical music lover, I loved the instrumentals for Juno Baby.  However, the vocals are something that I can do without.  I was listening to this cd in the car with the kids and it was grating on my nerves to hear Juno & Friends sing.  Because the characters are a little nasally sounding, I found myself asking "what the heck did she say...?"  Thankfully, it seems like my kids aren't too crazy about the vocals either, so I was able to fast forward to instrumental only without anyone fussing.  In terms of lyrics, they're a little hard for younger kids to keep up with at times.  Not sure if this is an issue for anyone, but the CD is packaged in a "fold in half" card stock type packaging.  This is not an issue for me, as I usually put CDs in a big sleeve holder anyways, but for those who don't, this packaging can be ripped/ruined if wet.All in all, Juno Baby is an okay CD for kids.  The instrumentals are fantastic, the vocals are pretty bad - but again, it's highly subjective...I can't stand country music either, but some people love it.  Definitely listen to some before you buy.  Recommended for some, not all.
"Geared toward your growing preschooler, Juno Jr. expands on the Emmy Award-winning Juno Baby line with beautiful, original, orchestral music, rich story lines and a deep emphasis on music education and appreciation. Join Juno and her brother, Rai Rai, as they take an adventure to the imaginary, magical, musical world of Harmonia Springs. For every Juno product sold, The Juno Company donates a very special music education DVD to a child in need."There is a reason why it's called Juno Baby, for me, I did not feel like this was for a preschooler. 2&3 yrs old? Yes, 4? Questionable. While I love Juno products this description is also on Juno Jr. and I requested the wrong product. Your child will love this, but as for yourself? Well if you can stand listening to all your kids favorite shows, then this is just as tolerable ;)
The only Juno Baby DVD we have isIndie's Great Teddy Bear Hunt. On its own, the music in nice but not something Alyssa will get excited about. The only songs she really likes are the ones she knows from the DVD she loves. She sings along and likes them, which wouldn't be so bad if I didn't have to forward through the songs that aren't on the DVD she has. Overall, if your Child is a fan of the Juno Baby series, they will likely like this DVD.
I got this for my 18 month old grandson to watch while he is at my house. He seemed to like it for a little while, but he got tired of it fast. He is a big fan of Sesame Street, so I think I will wait until he gets tired of watching Sesame Street, and I will try this one on him again.
I'm not quite sure what this CD/booklet gives my children, but I am sure that it needs to be part of a larger curriculum. By itself, the CD is basically just some well orchestrated kiddie music, although my son did take an interest in which character's picture corresponded to which voice. Maybe if I were running a kindergarten and needed to build an afternoon's lesson around musical concepts this would be helpful. But I'm not.The music itself is professionally done, and reminds me of a Disney soundtrack minus the hit tracks.  The booklet is a bit hard to sing along to, as I think some of the tracks are in the wrong order. So, in general, I couldn't recommend it to a person like myself.
Ever since my best friend started having babies I have been surrounded by products revolving around music for babies and small children such as: The Wiggles, Little Einstein, and Baby Einstein.  Neither of which, for me, are quite as educational as they should, but they are certainly high on the entertainment value (although, to be honest, I have actually learned a lot about classical music from Little Einstein believe it or not!), so in comes Juno Baby, I figured I'd give it a shot and see how the kids like it.  I loved the idea of it being original music, as I think its great that someone is trying to make music that can help stimulate children's learning capabilities.The music itself is not bad, it is a very nice collection of instrumental pieces that stand alone by themselves okay, but fit together very well as a cohesive whole.  Being played by and orchestra, the songs have a lot of variety and are not focused solely on string instruments, but include brass as well, which is refreshing compared to a lot of other baby music albums which seem to be a lot more simplistic instrumentally.  I am not sure how the titles of the songs (including names such as Me Echo, I'll Cut My Hair, In the Ocean, Pop!, and Brocolli.) contribute to the songs, if they were inspired by these things?  Cause if they're supposed to inspire those things, can't say I felt inspired to do any of them, j/k.  ;PIn all seriousness though, the kids like the music, and it kept them interested and they love to dance to it, and really, isn't that what's important?  I am now interested in checking out the rest of the Juno Baby products, but as of now, I cannot vouch for how this ties in to the whole product line, but if you are looking for some new interesting music for your children, this might be a good choice!God Bless ~Amy
Fans of Juno will recognize quite a few of these songs, and this orchestral edition does them justice.  Particular favorites include Rhythm is Everywhere, Broccoli, I'll Cut My Hair, and Cool Cat. If you've never watched Juno, the song titles won't make a lot of sense - but that shouldn't harm your (or your kids') enjoyment of the music. Broccoli and Rhythm is Everywhere are particularly catchy...although the Broccoli song seems to do the exact opposite of its intent by becoming a rallying cry NOT to taste broccoli. That said, it's a very different thing to hear these songs than see them on screen. Much of Juno's charm is puppetry and CGI, and although my son loves the DVDs he has no interest in the CDs.
There is nothing wrong with this CD, but there is nothing that amazing about it either.  The cover of the CD implies that your baby will find the music fun and inspire active play.  My one year old LOVES bouncing, dancing and bopping to music, but she wasn't really interested in this; she just played as usual and pretty much ignored it.  When I switched to Aretha Franklin's RESPECT, my lil girl dropped her toy and pulled herself up on the side of the coffee table to shake her tiny booty with one hand in the air -- her huge grin stayed on even after she had tired and went back to playing.This CD is fine as background music to a play-date or maybe to rock into a nap, but it is not going to inspire much action.  I think this will be great for quiet time.I know it is an intro to classical music and not dance music, but the cover looks very bouncy and this is just an FYI that some kids may not think so.  To be fair, when I was young my father played classical music all the time and I did not like it, but when I grew up I developed an appreciation for it and now enjoy it very much, so maybe it runs in the family :)
If you're not a fan of Juno Baby and the DVDs or at the very least familiar with them then this is just a basic CD of simple and original classical music for kids. Nothing great but nothing bad either. If you're familiar with the Juno from the DVDs then you'll be able to relate to the pieces and their titles but I felt that the charm and attraction of Juno was completely lost without the visual components.
If your child is really into Juno then he or she will probably really like it.  My son got excited with a couple of the songs, but the rest didn't interest him.  You are bound to recognize the songs from the show if you ever watched it.  Overall, this is an ok kid's album, but my son didn't get too into it.
I got this CD to have at work, to put in our family room so when clients came in with kids they could have something to listen to and interact with.The music itself, is great. The singing? is not. Its pretty annoying, and hard to follow and distinguish lyrics. I suppose it would be different if you knew the words, but just on its own its not enough to keep a kids attention or an adults interest. And if the adult cant tolerate it, its not going to be played.
First of all, I want to mention that neither I or my child didn't watch any of the Juno videos, so we can only give our review on the cd itself.The music is quite nice, one can hear multiple instruments in the orchestra, the melodies are quite simple on the first glance, but you can see there is some depth to the music, so you can actually enjoy the music. On the other hand, the voices singing songs are cutesy fake children's voices, sounding annoying and giving false notes now and then. So, after few times, the cd became unbearable to listen (for me, my baby was quite content with it, and asked for the cd over and over again, which is good, since it is a cd for him, not for me)I was also quite appalled by some song lyrics, the Broccoli song in particular. It says in many ways how bad  broccoli tastes, At the end of the song the character changes his mind and decides that broccoli does taste good indeed, but I noticed this part of the song only after maybe fifth time, and the song is supposed to be for babies, and I do not know any real babies who could listen to a long song and understand the meaning in its entirety, but I can easily see a baby who remembered the "broccoli stinks" part and then repeats it at the dinner table. Not good.So, since my baby liked the cd, and I hated the words and voices, I ordered the instrumental version. No words, both me and my baby happy.
As a Vine panelist, I ordered this CD, but received a different one, the Welcome to Harmonia Springs Instrumental Edition. Please see my review at http://www.amazon.com/review/R3I7MRJRQVHD11/ref=cm_cr_rdp_perm.
My 15 month old nephew enjoys this CD.  He dances to it and bounces around to the beat. For the price I would probably purchase something else.
I bought this for my 2 year old to listen to in the car.  He loves music and I hoped we could both listen to this.  I was impressed by the quality of the music, minus the voices.  The actual instrumentals are really nice, and if there wasn't any singing, or was singing in a normal adult voice, it would have been a great CD.  Unfortunately the singing was done in annoying cartoon voices.  I'm not familiar with these cartoon characters and neither is my son, so there was no value to hearing them sing.  The voices were so annoying that my husband and I couldn't stand to listen to more than a few minutes of the CD.  These voices made Alvin and the Chipmunks sounds like Celine Dion.  It's really a shame, because I would have loved the product with a normal voice singing (or no singing).
Fans of Juno will recognize quite a few of these songs, and this orchestral edition does them justice.  Particular favorites include Rhythm is Everywhere, Broccoli, I'll Cut My Hair, and Cool Cat. If you've never watched Juno, the song titles won't make a lot of sense - but that shouldn't harm your (or your kids') enjoyment of the music. Broccoli and Rhythm is Everywhere are particularly catchy...although the Broccoli song seems to do the exact opposite of its intent by becoming a rallying cry NOT to taste broccoli. That said, it's a very different thing to hear these songs than see them on screen. Much of Juno's charm is puppetry and CGI, and although my son loves the DVDs he has no interest in the CDs.Also, the cat character's voice is really irritating.
This being our first introduction to Juno, the CD didn't prove that great to enjoy or sing-along with.  The melodies are slightly over-structured and the voices are pitchy.  But again, the enjoyability of singing along probably presumes knowing the characters you're singing along with.  So if, like mine, your kids don't know Juno, perhaps start with aJuno DVDor just go with more familiarsing-along songs CD.
First off, $18.00 for a 60 minute show strikes me as being a poor value.  It's not like the show is using any big name talent, particularly sophisticated computer animation, or anything else that would warrant such a price tag.  When I first openened the DVD, a catalog fell out, showing me all the amazing Juno Baby movies, toys, products, and apparel that I should be buying my child, along with a coupon for 15% off.  Juno Baby strikes me as a money making machine, suckering in parents with an Emmy award and the promise of educational content, and then getting them for every penny they can.Regarding the educational content, the emphasis on the show is on helping children to identify what makes music seem happy, sad, or exciting.  It's useful for helping them understand music, but whereas Blues Clues could have covered this adequately in five minutes, Juno devotes an entire 60 minute DVD to it and charges you $18 for the lesson.  I don't feel that the extra time drove the point home any further.  What Juno does offer that other shows don't is some very high quality original music, and I see that being the one aspect of this show that might be truly beneficial to a young mind.  Unfortunately, my daughter, who generally gives educational shows her full attention, lost interest with this one after only a few minutes.  The characters are not particularly funny nor interesting, and there isn't much of a story, so if puppets just talking and singing (and not prompting your child to sing or dance along) are interesting to your child, than this may be the way to go.  However, for all other kids, it's hard to teach a child when you've lost that child's attention.As a teacher, myself, I firmly believe that a strong knowledge of the content isn't enough to teach an effective lesson.  You need to be interactive and accessible.  While Juno is chalk full of quality music that can really help to shape a child's understanding and appreciation, it does little or nothing to actually involve them and captivate them in that lesson.So I won't be breaking out my wallet for the rest of the Juno product catalog anytime soon.
Unlike other super-soakers where you build up pressure in a chamber then fire with the trigger, this has NO TRIGGER - you spray by pumping the orange handle at the front bottom.  While there's a lot of water coming out the front, this means you have no accuracy.  In your water fights, this is strictly a close-range spray and pray weapon, as opposed to some of the longer distance sniper weapons you can use if you've got some elevation or distance on your side
Fact or Crap is a simple game, with very little strategy involved.  The goal is to quickly and accurately determine whether statements are true.  Or not.  The game includes a deck of Fact or Crap cards and a deck of Rush Hour Cards (which, curiously, get shuffled together).  Each Fact or Crap Card contains three statements -- and each statement is either -- you got it -- fact or crap.  Rush Hour cards are strikingly similar to Fact or Crap cards -- Rush Hour cards contain five statements, and each statement is either fact or crap.  Players compete to be the first to correctly determine whether a statement is true or false.  Correct answers are rewarded with cardboard Fact or Crap tokens, and incorrect answers require players to give up tokens.  Rush Hour cards require one person to assess all five facts within the time constraints imposed by an hourglass.  I'm guessing that this game is just as much (or maybe even more) fun without the tokens and timer.I played this briefly with a friend who has a graduate degree in history -- he was able to get the right answer dang near 100% of the time and got bored after about six cards.  It might be more fun to play with someone who didn't have the same knowledge of geography and history, in which case the answers would be more guesses.  Some of the facts are marginally interesting -- who knew that turtles can breath through their butts, Ginsu knives were originally made in Fremont, Ohio, or that Popeye's fouir nephewes are Pipeye, Peepeye, Pupeue, and Poopeye. It could be fun to pull out the cards once in a while just for grins, but it won't displace any of our favorite, more timeless board games.
My family and I have played this game many times and it ranks up there in our top five favorite games.The rules are quite simple and easy to understand and follow.Game play can last really as long as you want, either first person to a set number of tokens (for a shorter game) or until they are all collected (longer game).The only real problem is that after four or five longer games, memorization of the cars becomes quite apparent and the game becomes boring. So best solution is to not play long games OR wait a few months and pic the game up and hope people have forgot some of the answers.Overall it's a quick and easy party game suitable for most ages, but repetition can set in quickly.
I remember a few years a ago playing this game with my wife's brother and it being pretty fun. We picked this game up and played it with some good friends. My expectations going in were a ton of trivia that I would have knowledge of. That was hardly the case.The questions were quite difficult as the point was more guessing the right answer instead of knowing the right answer.The point of the game is to get the most right answers and be the one with the most points or the last one with tokens. Strategy is minimal in the game. There are two places where it exists. One, you can gain two tokens if you are the first person to answer (and lose two tokens if you are wrong) instead of one. The second, picking an individual to do the rush hour card. This is where an individual gets to answer up to 5 questions and can win or lose a combination of five tokens.We cut the game short when we had only two people left with tokens. Trying to whittle it down to one would have been tedious and boring for both the people out of the game and those playing.In our shortened game, we went through about 1/3 of the cards. It would be really easy to whip through the rest and then have to recirculate through cards you already saw.It's OK, I'd say balderdash would be a little more fun for a game with basically the same concept.UPDATE: We were playing outside in varied lighting conditions (i.e. - sunshine). My wife was able to see through the cards and tell which ones were fact read by two out of the three players. This could be a problem in natural light situations.
This game is kind of fun - it's for 3 or more players, and you basically get a statement read to you and guess if it's true or not.  There are no buzzers, so you have to figure out how to "buzz in" without anything.  Plus with most of the statements, there's really no way anybody could know if they're true, so it's really just guessing - not like trivia.  Not my first choice if I had to play something.  Just my honest opinion!UPDATE: I took this to my parents' house to play during Christmas, and everyone pretty much hated it.  My mom read the instructions aloud, and everyone decided they were "stupid," and she decided to just read the questions aloud and everyone would say if they thought the item was true or false, and just not keep score.  There are 2 different kinds of question cards - regular and lightning-round.  They are packaged separately but the game tells you to mix them together.  My mom did this, and then decided the lightning-round cards' questions were way shorter and thus easier to read, so she skipped the regular cards as she came to them.As we all guessed on each question, it was kind of boring.  My dad pronounced the game of Fact or Crap was indeed crap, and that we should regift it to someone that we don't like.So I guess I'm not an expert on the official way to play this game, but I couldn't even get my family to play this the proper way, so I would not recommend it.  :o(
This is a pretty fun game to play with your kids. It is best with two kids (or more) and two parents but it can be adapted to a smaller group, it's just not as much fun. I have reduced my review from 4 to 3 stars because after playing just a few games, we have exhausted the cards and questions so we keep picking up cards and saying, "We did that one yesterday..." There should be a larger selection of cards and since you answer up to three questions per team per turn, you quickly go through the allotted cards in just a few plays.The fact that you need four people to play is a little limiting. I've been playing with my kids (ages 7 and 12) and we get by. The kids are a team and the parents are a team. There is a large pile of trivia cards with both kids questions and parent questions. The kids questions are a mix of general knowledge, things they may learn in school, and some adult trivia. The parent questions are also a mix of general knowledge but also current pop culture based on kids books, TV shows and movies. If it was just my 7 year old, we'd have trouble since there are so many things she hasn't learned yet. But between her and my older son, they did great and answered a majority of questions correctly (not all or even most by any means). As the adult, I was also tripped up a number of times (this was not an intentional throwing of the game to allow them to win either... maybe it's time to hit the books again!).Each team has two game pieces that must advance from one side of the board to the other. When both game pieces for a team have reached the other side, that team wins. We have played a few games advancing pawns but then we tend to just do a question and answer version and not even keep track. I love that my 12 year old knows things that I don't and likes to rub it in. On the other hand, some of the kids questions open up discussions about events and people that were important in my childhood.The trivia cards are not very sturdy and will not last with repeated abuse but if you are careful with them, they are fine.The bottom line is that this is a pretty good trivia game, great for dialogue with your kids, it's easy to learn, quick to play, and good for a laugh. Would a trivial pursuit game for kids be better? Maybe in production quality but I like that the variety of questions evens the playing field for kids and parents.
Beat the Parents is a board game that pits the kids against the parents with their knowledge. I think this is brilliant by design, and my kids loved that they were playing against me.The problem for me is that the questions are things my kids won't know the answer to - and neither would I. Since we don't turn on the television much, nor do we follow "popular" movies, books, etc, and we're not very immersed in popular culture, none of us knew many of the answers.One of my daughters is 5, so when the game says it's for ages 6 and up, they mean it. She barely knew any of the answers. For me, my daughters would need to be older in order for me to know some of the answers to the questions, since they seem to be geared towards parents of older children. I'd venture an age range guess of 7-12 or 7-13. If they were older, and if we were immersed in popular culture, we'd have more of a chance to get the answers correct.So when several turns would pass in which none of us knew the answers to the questions, the game quickly got boring. Very quickly.Again, if your chidlren are older, watch more television, movies, etc, you might do better at this game than we did. I do feel bad that we didn't care for it, since we had high expectations for the game.
Pop culture knowledge is a must. The kids will find it fun to have mom & dad guess what color belt comes after blue in Karate or Foofa, Plex and Toodee are from what show? The kids will need to be a certain age to know the answers to their questions, What is calico made from? What are jodhpurs? Then again some questions are super easy. The game is a fun way to spend an evening guessing at silly questions with the kids. We all had a good laugh at what we didn't know. The only problem I see is once we get through all of the question cards I doubt we will play again.
Beat the Parents is a board game with an interesting concept that pits children against their parents in answering various trivia questions.  These questions can range from either way too easy to way too obscure, depending on the age range.  This means that a family can either have a very enjoyable experience or feel like they have wasted their time playing a game that was way too easy to finish.  Also, there is a limited number of trivia cards which makes it feel as if there are a limited number of times that thsi game can be played before all of the answers are known.  Overall, the concept is neat but the execution could definitely use some improvement.
The idea behind this board game is to illustrate how common information is to one generation, how obtuse to another.  The questions relate not merely to pop culture, but to historical, scientific, and geographical facts as well.The categories parallel many of those that appear on TV's "Jeopardy," but some are geared to youngsters (the age really depends on the intelligence level of your child).  I do think that the game can be frustrating for younger kids (6 to 9) even though the box indicates suitability for ages 6 and up.The object of the game is simple: each time a question is answered correctly, a game piece is moved forward.  The goal:  to get all your playing pieces to the opponent's side first.  The cards contain a lot of questions, so the game should retain its freshness for some time.Read the rules carefully and don't skim.  It will pay off once you're involved in the game.  Fortunately, the rules don't comprise an Oxford English Dictionary-size rule book, so take a few minutes and digest the rules of play.  I like the fact that the rules are printed directly on the box rather than on a separate enclosed sheet, which can easily be lost.  This prevents having the game relegated to the "useless" heap when participants forget a rule or two and have nothing to refer to.It's a pleasure to find a game that presents an activity that can be enjoyed by all family members.  So often these days, youngsters are glued to video games or smart phones and seem to be in a world of their own.  "Beat the Parents" encourages actual face-to-face communication.  It reminds me of games I played as a kid:  "Monopoly," "Risk," "Stratego," "Concentration."  Board games seem to have declined in popularity among young people in the last few decades, so it's refreshing to see a new attempt to revive a once-popular entertainment passtime.
First off, this is a very cute idea and when everything lines up perfectly, it is the best game concept ever. The problem is that MOST of the time, it doesn't line up much at all.What do I mean by line up? The questions for kids are of too large of a span of ages which means some are too easy for players (painfully easy) and some are too hard for the players. That means you will have 6 year olds who feel lost at times and also have 12 year olds who feel bored most of the time because their questions were writen for 6 year olds. I think the "kids" that play should be between 5-8 years old to have the best time.Meanwhile, the parents should be no older than 35 of this review as the parent questions are pretty topical and if you are older, you are more likely to feel left out.So if you have the right mix of ages for the questions, the game is a lot of fun. But understand outside this ranges, you will likely be disappointed.I hope that is helpful!
It's a fun game, at time.  Multiple choice questions are mostly guesses from any children playing, whereas they're blatantly obvious for the adults that you don't even need to hear the multiple choice options.  Many of the true/false questions are the same way.The game is OK once in a while with a different group of people - and for the most part, kids will always enjoy playing, 'cause it's a "family time" experience, so that's good.  Problem is, while it's fun at first (and at times), it's NOT fun all the time - not even during a single game.Overall, it's an interesting game, but it's not exactly something that everybody is hoping to play... Also, since all the questions and answers are in the set of cards, once you've gone through the deck a couple times, the reply value will be slight.  Difficult to recommend or not recommend...just know what you're buying.  After playing it 3-4 times, if I had the choice, I would not order again.
This is a game that would be fun for families and people with young kids. I played this with my friends (we are all in grad school) and we were all very bored. The questions were either really obscure or really easy and it just wasn't fun.The game went very quickly and we were all thankful that we could move on from the game. This is not a game that anyone over the age of 12 would enjoy playing. I do not think this game will come out of my cupboard again until I have kids.
My wife, who is a home teacher, says,"This game was little too gross even for my kids. Only played it once and only my son would play, daughter totally not interested."And these are kids that watch Spongebob, Mad and other wacky cartoons. It just didn't seem to grab them. Good idea, though.
This game is recommended for ages 6+.  I honestly don't know how children would be able to answer some of these questions.  I have an eight year old and she wasn't able to answer a single question, although my four year old did know that picking your nose can cause bloody noses.The game is advertised as being "disgusting" so I thought there would be some gross interactive playing like squishy putty to play with or something, but it's only a board that your token moves across and cards that have 3 categories to choose from.Our family played this in teams: my husband and four year old; me and my eight year old.  The kids were completely unable to participate aside from the part of moving the token ahead however many spaces.  They were very bored.I, on the other hand, enjoyed these questions.  I love any kind of anatomy related trivia and scientific facts and the game is right up my alley.  Unfortunately I don't see very many adults being as enthusiastic as I am where we could have Couples Game Night and actually play this like we would Trivial Pursuit or some other game.I'll definitely hang on to this game for when my kids are older.  I'd say this game is more appropriate for ages 10-14.
My 10 year old had fun playing this with me.  However, when I asked her if she wanted to play again, she said she wanted a different game.  It's cute, and at times disgustingly funny, but it is a very basic board trivia game. You get a trivia card and depending on whether you answer correctly or not, that card tells you how many spaces to move.  Then, you move around the board that looks like an anatomy lesson.  It is geared more towards young children because many of the multiple choice questions are a no brainer.  They give you two completely wrong answers so it makes it easy to guess the right one. Like most stuff now days, the board and playing pieces are just a cardboard.  So, over time, it may not hold up depending on how you take care or it.  When I asked my daughter if this was in her top 10 favorite games, she said no.  But said it was probably within her top 20 if you exclude electronic systems like the Wii and XBOX.
This board game has a simple premise - guys ask gals "guy questions" that they have to get right to advance, and vice versa. The questions are ok, but aren't very balanced. Some are ridiculously hard, some are way too easy. While the game is rated for 12 and up, many of the questions are beyond a preteen maturity level. The worst part about this game is that its unnecessarily confusing. The game includes wild cards that differ for each gender, the ability to capture prisoners, multiple game pieces on the board (but you only move one at a time), and a limit of three moves per turn not counting any interruptions from a wild card of your own gender . . . huh?Pros:* The cards/questions are decent. Could be entertaining with a large group of people to just tally your own score with pencil and paper.Cons:* Instructions are very confusing and make the game worse* Board is unnecessary, detracts from the game* Wild cards are an add on that makes no sense* No storage place for the cards (4 decks you have to keep separated)* Not fun without a large groupAll in all, this is an ok game for large groups of people of opposite gender, just don't expect to get anything out of the board or the wild cards. Take turns quizzing each other on "opposite sex trivia" and it will entertain for awhile.
At first this seemed like it was going to become a favorite.  But after a short time we found that the questions were either just too hard or too easy.  There was no in between really.  The game is rated for 12 and up but I wouldn't recommend that you play this game with anyone below the age of 18.  A couple of the questions are too risque.  Not only that, but many of the questions couldn't be answered by the younger crowd.  They were just too hard.  I think that this game would make an okay drinking party game when there are a few men and women to take up sides.  Otherwise though, save your money and buy something else.
When was the last time you pulled yourself away from that Playstation, Xbox, iPad, etc to play a good old fashioned board game?  What?  Couldn't pull yourself away from them to read this review, huh?  We took Battle of the Sexes camping with us.  The game is a little corny, but we all had a couple of drinks in us so it was corny fun.  Don't take it too serious, just have fun with it.
This game is fun. It is says for 12 and up, but I really question that.  Most of the questions are decent but dated.  The bulk of the questions really apply to people in their mid 20's and 30's. There are a few cards that are a little off color. I can see it being played with college age students and up. I would have a really hard time seeing this as a family game unless you have grown children.Also the manufacturer doesn't provide a clear way to keep track of the cards or keep them separate once the pack has been opened(like a rubber-band or box).  This causes a mess when you open the box a second time, unless you have the foresight to purchase rubber-bands before hand.
decent game to play except that i strongly feel that alot of it is open to debate.i guess its kinda like trivial pursuit. some of the answers are outdated or opinionated... and yes i am the type that will look it up.
Whether or not you believe in gender differences, there are just some things women know that men don't and vice versa. So the premise for this game is a good one. Not many men could explain the purpose of a flat iron, and not many women care about oil weight. We got this out with family of different ages, and they quickly gave up on trying to do it as a board game and just started reading the cards to each other. That part was fun for awhile, but they gave it up quickly. So it's not a game that will keep people entertained for very long, at least not with our family. I think it would definitely be more for adults, not because of any questionable content but because the teens felt it was boring. Not a good family game.
This game contains 8 pink and 8 blue game pieces, a game board and two sets of cards.  Questions for the guys to ask the girls and questions for the girls to ask the guys. It is essentially a trivia game and the questions are about the same caliber as Jeopardy questions.We played this game with a group of 11 people - 6 females and 5 males.  People in our group ranged in age from 20 - 35. We played it for an hour before we gave up. We felt the questions were too difficult. Both teams only made it two spaces on the board in an hour and that was with us almost giving each other the answers. The questions were funny sometimes to try to figure out what the answer was, but it was just too hard.
This seemed like it would be a fun board game, pitting the men against the women.  And, it was okay, just kind of boring.  It seemed to go on for a long time and that's not a good sign when playing a game.
If your idea of a great game is something similar to Trivial Pursuit, you will love Battle of the Sexes. However, if you prefer a more action inspired game like Monopoly or Scrabble, then this game is not for you. It got a little boring about a half hour into the game but questions are fun and range from easy to very difficult.
We played with game with another couple and right away, it seems the cards are biased.  I'm not one to get all upset when things seem to have a gender bias, and obviously with a game that pits males against females, there's going to be some...  BUT!  The guy's questions cards give the ladies multiple choices on most cards.  We looked through half the stack and could not find ONE question for the guys where they were given options.  That alone makes it harder for the guys.  The cards sit in the middle of the board, so it's easy to make a mess or have a toddler lay the smack down in the middle of the board and send everything flying.  This will probably set in my closer and collect dust - by the time the ladies won, the guys had not even gotten one piece across the board and even though we won, it wasn't much fun.  If you like trivia, which we do, this may be more appealling to you.  If you're looking for something fun with 2-3 couples, I would suggest something else.
Let me start this review by saying the my family and I are HUGE Quelf fans.You know how Pixar makes movies that kids love and yet they are also appealing and fun to watch for adults as well? Well unfortunately the company that makes Quelf did not pull this off with Quelf Jr. This doesn't mean it's a bad product though, please read on.My family has played our new Quelf Jr. several times. We've played 4-player games with my 5 year old, 6 year old, my wife and myself, and also games with the kids' granparents as well. Here's my experience with it:The game plays pretty much like the original Quelf but the questions/challenges are ridiculously simple. This is great fun for the kids but makes getting through a game quite laborious for adults. If kids are playing by themselves, which I think should be no problems for readers in the suggested age group, the game is perfect. For playing with adults and family, I think the game would have been better if there was a special deck of cards with questions/challenges for adults.
Tried playing this with my seven year old daughter but we did not seem to enjoy it. Too many cards to arrange and the "nonsensical" part did not appeal to her. We'll give it another try later.
Game play goes like this:  Everyone chooses a piece and puts it on the start section of the board.  The first player draws a card for the pile.  It may ask them to do some stunt ("Dance around while singing Head, Shoulders, Knees and Toes.  You must not laugh.  Do this until the timer runs out") or answer a question or list off some set of data ("Name 5 characters from a book you like").  If they do it correctly, they move ahead the number of spaces indicated on the card.  These are the good cards because you move forward.  There are also bad cards ("Mr. Sour Lemon Face") that make you move backward ("Mr Sourface says he doesn't like ______.  Move backward 2 spaces.").  There are 2 spots on the board that allow you to draw from a separate pile--"Ms. Goody Gumdrops"--and they are a free bonus ("Bow and say something nice about the person on your right, then move ahead 3 spaces the next time someone else moves 3 spaces").I think there are way too many "Mr Sour Lemon Face" cards and that makes the game take too long.  That's an easy thing to fix, though--simply remove some of these cards before game play.Personally, I think this game is a little on the painful side, but it is meant for smaller kids and my kids like it, as do their cousins (age range is 3 to 10).  Note that reading is required, so if you have small kids, someone will have to read the cards to them.The marker pieces are the kind where you have a piece of "cardboard" that you stick into a little plastic holder.  My experience tells me these will wear out after not too much time, but you can still use it.I'm not sure how to rate the toy--the kids like it (not love it, but like it) but I don't and so I don't want to play it with them.  They would probably rate it 4 stars, I'd be more inclined to give it 2, so we'll settle on 3.
It's like the game Scrupples. Not sure if I'm a big fan of this game for kids and some of the situations could test even the best of adult relationships that may not enjoy the "fun" of this game. I do think it's more for adults than kids though...Not much more I can say.
Would Your Rather is a board game especially designed for young boys, in the same way that super hero bobble heads, corny joke books, and scooters are created for the amusement of junior high boys.The game involves a set of cards asking crazy, unhinged, disgusting, and bizarre questions that that players answer to win the game.  The manufacturer's suggested age is 16 and older but I don't think too many adults are going to enjoy this game after playing it once and getting over the initial intrigue. And if it's in your house, the Tweens and teens are going to haul it out and play often - especially young boys.Based on the bestselling books by Justin & Dave's, Would You Rather provides ridiculous and hilarious scenarios for players to weigh and come up with the best option, such as would you rather kiss a eat a dust-covered moth or a worm dipped in flour?This is the version of the game created by Spinmaster; there is at least one version by another manufacturer. Spinmaster was created in 1994 when three university friends invested $10,000 to start a business which has been marketing games ever since. The box's contents include 160 question cards, 8 voting cards, 4 player tokens, a game board and player guide.I was disappointed in the game which to me doesn't require any skill and doesn't offer much to sustain my interest. But, then again, I am not a young intrigued by snakes, toads, pork rinds or puppy dog tails.
This is a game that you have to really choose WHO you play it with. Not your kids. Not your parents. Not people you want to impress. You can pretty much only play this with people that you don't mind getting embarrassed in front of or revealing too many of your weird quirks to (come on, we ALL have them).It's fun. But it's not challenging. It's not competitive. It's not thought-provoking... at least not in a good way. I think it's best played when you're 22 and have a lot of wine coolers and superficial friends on hand.
We decided to play Qwirkle after awhile. As some have mentioned, the questions in this game are rather dull. After awhile we started cracking up shortly into it, mostly at the game's expense. My 8 year old loves board games. WE love board games! But not this. Maybe you will, but see if a friend has it first so you aren't out your hard earned money. Buy a puzzle, instead. Or another board game.
While a very cute toy train, there is not much to hold a child's interest (or an adult's patience).  The toy consists of three train cars, one for each Piglet, Tigger, and Pooh.  When the keys are pressed, each character makes a noise and says something and that is it - 3 sounds to be repeated over and over.  The toy seems very durable and the keys are even somewhat too hard for little fingers to press.  The pop-up latches also seem to catch, making it hard for little fingers to close.  It is cute, but very limited which makes it seem like a toy that will be short-lived.
Let me start by saying my 5 1/2 year old daughter LOVES her Leapster Explorer... She wants to play it all the time (as does her 3 1/2 year old brother).  We have a hard time getting her to put it down.  That said, this review is SPECIFICALLY for the camera and video recorder attachment, which isn't quite as delightful.  (note that many of the posted reviews are NOT providing separate feedback for the camera/video attachment, which you purchase separately).The camera video attachment is a bit cumbersome.  You must unscrew a panel on the bottom and plug it in. Make sure you do not lose the screw and plate (in this day and age, isn't there a more elegant solution than two separate pieces you can lose?).  you plug in the attachment which becomes a protrusion on the device..Pros:  Photos can be edited and manipulated, she's intersted in using the camera attachmentCons:  must unscrew a panel to connect the camera (and you might lose the panel/screw), no flash, only 680 x 480 resolution (terrible), video is choppy, very little memory (a short video and 17 pictures filled it up), not that easy to use (the menu navigation on the Leapster, in general, is not completely intuitive compared to, say, an iPhone.  My daughter has a much easier time on an iPhone or iPad).All in all, I wish they had integrated the camera and charged us $20 more (and possibly thrown in a flash?). In the meanwhile, I'd suggest that you let your child enjoy their Leapster Explorer and get them a separate, durable camera, like the VTech KidZoom Digital Camera.  You'll spend $20 more, but will avoid a lot of inconvenience.
First, I would like to say that the add on camera set up was very user friendly. My kids were just shooting pictures right away. One thing I found AMAZING is that it has a section called "FEELINGS". So my son shot pictures of himself according to what the camera asked, for ex Angry, Sad, Happy, even Disgusted! which I thought was too funny. I am grateful that I was able to test it. I usually don't purchase add on for games but I promise you will not be disappointed. I'm even bringing this to my office (I'm a child therapist) as the "feelings" section is excellent for nonverbal or painfully shy children and as a great way to establish rapport in play therapy. It has only one drawback (Nothing is perfect!) No flash? Considering the price and creativity they could have added a flash. Even photos taken in dim light will not show up.
My kids have iPods so this toy while fun just felt complicatedIt needs to connect to a computer even to get startsThere are special points to buy to download content and the cameraAttachment is not greatOverall my son has more fun with my older generation iphone
Not really much to say about this remote control car. It really doesn't have anything that makes it stand out other than the fact that it really is zippy. My son grabbed it out of the box and kind of got bored with it until he came up with the idea of chasing our cats with it. That's when I had to put it up and remind him the importance of respecting our feline family members.
When my 4 year old nephew got a hold of this new toy, he couldn't stop playing with it while his eight year old brother was not as impressed.Likes:>Easy to set up: pop in 5 AA batteries in the controller and charge the vehicle for about 30 minutes and it's ready to roll!>Learning to play with the vehicle was a cinch for my two nephews; both savvy video gamers.>The younger child enjoys driving the toy into furniture, walls, and flying down the stairs in spastic, random, and chaotic bursts.>Despite the repeated flipping, smashing, and collisions, this toy held up well and kept on running.Dislikes:>IR (Infrared) remote has limited range (10-15 feet) and must stay within sight of the IR sensors on the vehicle.>Of course the kids wanted another vehicle in the same Tonka XT series so they can smash them into each other; my bro grumbled and ordered theTonka Ricochet R/C Buzzsaw Spin With Wheelie Spoiler.>It's the 21 Century so why utilize a weak IR remote control when there's wide range of strong radio signal frequencies available.Bottom Line:Low priced and lots of fun for younger kids who enjoy smashing things together (don't they all?).  Teaches kids about the limitations of IR  so they have to adapt accordingly to keep the toy within controllable range and sight of the IR sensors.
During the winter this is a great toy. The range on it isn't very good so you have to keep it in a relatively small open area and during the winter we stay indoors so my son doesn't really take it outside where it's harder to play with. my son drives his in our kitchen/entryway/dinning room area. We only have tile and hardwood floors so this thing zooms very fast in our home. it can take some very hard hits against our baseboards, i mean really hard. It's fun to use around the house but that's about it. It can't go over rough terrain because the wheels aren't made for that. I feel the price is a tiny bit high for this. You could go out and get one for about the same price that can do much more. My son also has a Cyclaws and that thing is a beast. he uses that outside and it handles everything he throws at it. But i do not let him use that one inside the house because it can get really loud. This car is allowed because its quieter and less...crazy.I originally gave this a 4 but i think it deserves a 2 or 3/5. The car uses infrared which is frustrating when the car goes underneath the couch, the control will not work and you have to get it yourself. you have to point the control directly right at the car. it can get very old, and tiring. my kids play with it every so often still, but they don't find it very fun when it goes out of range a lot or around a corner. be prepared to chase it.
I recently reviewed theTonka Tonka Chuck Flip The Bounceback Racerand naturally assumed that this car might be just a different version of the same car.  In fact, I was surprised to receive the car and find that instead of being 8"x8", it was 4"x4" in size.  I likely would have known this if I had read the description more closely, but in fact the small size has some distinct advantages.  It is quite zippy and fun to play with, and seemed easier to flip over.First thing to note is that if you buy this as a gift, I recommend you open it up, put in batteries, and charge the car.  That is because the car uses an internal rechargeable battery that is charged from the controller.  Since it does not arrive pre-charged (and takes about 20 minutes to charge), your kid will be getting very frustrated when their new toy isn't ready to play with out of the box.  The controller takes 5 AA batteries, so open the box, charge the car with the included charging cable, and then wrap it as a present.Once the car is charged, it is quite a bit of fun to use.  There are 2 controls, forward and back for the left side and forward and back for the right side.  This means that the car can be steered (by going forward with the left but not the right), and with some dexterity, driven straight.  Get it going fast and it easily flips over and drives on the opposite side.  The controller even has a "stunt" button which just makes the car drive crazy for a bit.  My kids had a blast with this feature - one button push and the car goes all over the place.Range is also great - unlike the other Tonka cars, this uses infrared (so calling it R/C is a bit of a misnomer).  While that means it won't keep running when it drives under the sofa or around a corner, I was surprised that the infrared control provided greater range than the true radio control in their other cars.You can also use 3 cars at once thanks to the 3-channel switch control.Unfortunately, the fun lasts about 10 minutes after which the car needs a 20 minute recharge.  Needless to say that with 3 kids waiting their turn, one of them was bound to be in tears.The car drives faster and is more durable thanTonka Tonka Chuck Flip The Bounceback Racer, so I can recommend it for those reasons, but the cost is, in my opinion, far too high for what you get (as of this writing, it is $50, meaning that to race 3 cars would cost $150).  I rate the car 3 stars overall.  It's a fun little toy, but the charging limitations and high cost mean I am not likely going to be buying it for others as a gift.
I love Tonka. Just the name beams me back to my childhood. Remember the old Tonka commercial where an elephant steps on a Tonka dump truck? (Look up: Elephant Stepped On A Tonka Toy Hasbro TV Commercial 1970's.) That's why I'm a little disappointed with the TONKA RICOCHET R/C RAMPAGE FLIP.No, it would not survive an encounter with a pesky pachyderm, but it is very tough. I really like the physical TONKA RICOCHET R/C RAMPAGE FLIP, and everyone in the family likes chasing the pets with it. The steering is a bit awkward with a lever for the left wheels a lever for the right wheels, but everyone gets used to it quickly. Smashing it into walls and making it flip is great fun. The remote even has a button that makes the little car do it's tricks. So what's not to like?One word: infrared (IR). Tonka made the unit controlled by an infrared signal instead of a radio signal. The difference is that infrared needs line-of-sight to work. Think about your remote. For most remotes (the ones that use infrared), you have to point the thing directly at the TV or cable box. But some use radio waves, which allows you to point the remote at the ceiling, your boyfriends eyeball, the cat's...you get the idea. So imagine what happens when this little IR-controlled car zooms under the couch. That's right. You're on your hands and knees fishing it out. What's worse is that even on an open floor, it will stop dead after about 10 feet (I'm estimating) because the IR receiver in the car is where the driver would be. As the car zooms away from you, the receiver gets blocked by the body of the car and the car stops. It's very frustrating and a real wet blanket.So while I have respect for the Minnetonka toy manufacturer, and I really like the design of the TONKA RICOCHET R/C RAMPAGE FLIP, the IR design ruins it for me.
If the charge on this lasted more than 5-10 minutes, this would be a 4-5 star review. I "tested" this on a 4 and 6 year old. They loved it, laughed a lot, enjoyed the crazy motion and making the car flip over. They kept fighting over who got it next.And that is the problem - when you only have 5-10 minutes of playtime and it takes 20 minutes to charge, the toy became a fight magnet. Best used when there is only one kiddo in the house.Also, there is very little "control" going on - the movements are jerky and fairly chaotic. For the age range of my kids, this is fine. Older kids who might want more predictable motion, more control, will be better off with another RC car.On the plus side, so far the car has held up to being dropped repeatedly and still keeps trucking along. It's also really easy to use - the kids had no problem making it go. I just wish it lasted longer.
The Ricochet is small and durable, which makes it fun to play with around the house, zooming it around furniture, down stairs, and by pets.  It really captures the imagination, and you picture what it would be like to be that small.  It is also very fast, which is great, but a throttle for speed would be nice to avoid hitting the end of the room so quickly and to make maneuvering simpler.  Also, the remote control uses IR like a TV remote, so it always needs to be in the line of sight.  I think this was a terrible misstep by Tonka, considering how natural it is to want to drive this underneath tables and that sort of thing.  As soon as it loses sight of the controller, the car comes to a dead stop and sometimes needs to be fished out from underneath furniture.  Radio technology is cheap and there was no need to save a few pennies by going with IR.Regardless of the cons, I think most kids (and many adults) would enjoy playing with this for a long time.  The charging is a bit silly (plugging the controller into the car and charging it with AAs) and it would be nice if it could charge from the wall, but it is not a big issue.  Overall, a fun toy and a good gift.
The Tonka XT Ricochet Tricksters R/C car is a little bundle of energy. The vehicle itself is only a little over 4" long and comes with a rechargeable battery (which is non-replaceable). The controller required 5 AA batteries which are not included. For a steep price on this toy it would have been nice if it had come with batteries for the whole thing. This is for ages 6+ and is for indoor use only. It's durable and fun but I expected more from Tonka, like a toy that can be played with outside. If you have room inside for this little bugger to go crashing around your house then your child will enjoy the flips and turns that this does.
This is a well made product that turned out to be a cool nerf gun, but it ultimately ends up costing too much. Requiring 6 C Batteries is just too much for a gun that will have such heavy use, and the replacement darts are about 50 cents apiece too. After playing with this a couple of weeks, you will likely have to replace the batteries and buy another bag of 10 darts, a total of a $15 investment. I would rather use a nerf gun that does not require batteries, like theNerf Rapid Fire 20.If this is what you are looking for and the batteries don't bother you, then buy this product and you will be very happy. For everyone else, find something like the Rapidfire that uses human power instead of battery power.
My 3 and 5 year old girls (particularly my 3 year old) love their little pup.  My 3 year old is often carrying it around and loves to hear it sing.  It's a great additional resource for parents looking at teaching their children phonics, the alphabet, and rhyming words to their children but not the only resource available.  That's why I don't feel the need to continue the subscription for our Smarty Ants Phonics Reading Pup.  Even though my kids aren't playing with the pup on the computer anymore, my youngest still likes holding and playing with her pup while coming up with funny rhyming words!
When we first opened this toy, I thought great, it's cute and very soft.  It moves nicely along with the songs and words.  But then we tried to operate it with the computer.  It took so long to load that we tried it on a different computer, with no better luck.  We finally gave up on it, and since paying for membership is not cheap, it's just as well.  My grandson, who is three, did not want to hear it after about three plays, and I can't blame him, the song and story included are distressingly annoying!  So we decided it's just a plush toy, looks cute on the shelf and his baby brother like to pet it, but that's it!
This would be an excellent toy if it wasn't for the subscription.... why can't it be more like leap frog you buy what you want but with this one in order for it to continue to work you have to have a subscription and how many parents these days can afford to pay for a subscription for a toy to continue to work? I think if this had a different way of adding things it would be a better toy beause the little dog is really cute :)
The web site associated with this otherwise cute toy is not easy to navigate, takes too long to "earn" items to download to the dog, and is very costly.  I will not continue my free trial to the $25 for 3 months.  My daughter has more fun on free sites on the computer that teach the same basics.I was hoping this was a modern day Teddy Ruxpin, but have been horribly disappointed.  I would not purchase this.
Yes, the robotic dog is adorable and his test mode is almost worth the price!  He is soft and cute and watching his mouth move intrigues the little ones. However, after we get past that, it becomes a problem.  Downloading his software to a MAC was impossible. We could not get him to work on a MAC depsite our system meeting all the requirements listed on the box.  Not a problem, let me just download it to my pc. Sigh. Okay, another long task, but it will all be worth it, right?I enrolled my just turned 4 year old at the SmartyAnts site.  Again, this download takes some time.  It was fun to jump in the pool and catch the right letter!  However, how do you get out of the game?  There is no "escaping" the letter pool.  You have to continue on to see how many you get right or wrong in order to continue.I thought that the SmartyAnts dog would read my child stories, but that's not really the case. You have to work through each lesson and sort of "earn" the story. For a child that is just learning, this makes it difficult.  They aren't going to earn that story right away.Cost?  Compared to free preschool games you can find online, I had to ask myself, "Would this really be worth $25 for three months?"  The answer was fast, "no, not really".  If I had received this as a GIFT and it had come with a years subscription, then maybe it would be worth it.  I just don't see the cost benefit here.Also, where oh where is the music section for SmartyAnts?  It was nowhere to be found for us. I suppose we didn't "earn" it???  No idea, but again, I thought we were going to get a dog that would sing songs and read stories.  I didn't realize all these things had to be earned.I will have to try it out with an older child and see how they do with it.  It didn't work out to more than a cute robotic dog for my advanced four year old.
A lot of reviewers are comparing this toy to Teddy Ruxpin. I remember him, but I never had one. This toy reminds me more of those singing toys you see most often around Christmas, but with a slightly better repertoire and a much better speaker.The dog itself is cute, but not very durable. It's not easy to wash because there is no way to remove the electronics from the stuffed animal. You can spot wash by hand, but the type of fur doesn't really lend itself to easy cleaning.While the internet program is interesting, it's a little spendy. For three months, it's $29.99 per child and 49.99 per child for a year. The fact that they charge per child and not per household is annoying. It would be nice if they allowed for a second account so a curious sibling or a visiting friend could play without influencing your child's character.Overall, this is cute but before you buy you many want to go over to the Smarty Ants site and check it out for yourself.
I was so excited to order this item for my granddaughter.  A little too excited.  She is simply not ready for this educational toy.If your child has learned his letters or if she is sounding out simple words, this toy may be a delight.  I thought the song the toy sings was a bit silly, nonsensical to say that least, and monotonous.  Perhaps a child would find it fun but I think even a young child would quickly realize that it is a tedious ditty that says nothing much at all.The real learning power of this toy is the online resources of games and interactive activities.  However, buyer beware because there is a subscription price for these.  You also have to have the time and inclination to sit with your child while using the toy online.  I don't know how many parents have the time to devote to this and I wonder if a more interactive face-to-face game would not be more apropos.  I am old school, like that, and enjoy eye contact.Anyway, it is a cute toy and my granddaughter "lubbed" it when she opened it but it hasn't gotten much use.  I wish the website came with a "before you buy" assessment for parents who might want to buy it but aren't sure if the child is ready.  I've a feeling that the overall response would be more positive if such relevant information were easier to access.  Especially in light of the obvious; my three children all learned to read at different ages and while one son would have easily been able to use this toy at the age of 3 (and probably outgrown it by the age of five) the other would have only just begun enjoying it at the age of 5.Definitely a lot of room for improvement right there and I hope that she'll get some fun use out of it in the not too distant future.  Now where are those alphabet flashcards we were using?
Summary: Animated stuffed animal (head moves and mouth opens in synch with talking and singing) which entertains but has a limited ability to engage kids for learning phonics and reading.  One month subscription is very short.We have 3 kids and our middle one was in pre-school when we first received this toy.  She really wasn't interested in the online content so much as the fact that she was on the computer and although she was entertained by the animatronic dog.  It's a very cute stuffed animal so the three of them would carry him around and make him sing his limited repertoire nonstop.  As far as teaching phonics, the website and the very limited material provided didn't paec well with our pre-reader.  For example - the material tends to go through all the sounds with equal emphasis while our pre-reader had specific issues with letters like J, L, W, and V.  Why go over the B, P, K sounds again when she's already secure?  Now that she's in Kindergarden, she's definitely outgrown the reading benefit, so useful life (in my opinion) of the educational aspect is *maybe* a year.Will this toy and the web site help get your kids interested in phonics?  Yes.  Will it teach them phonics?  More or less.  Are there more efficient ways of teaching them phonics (and more importantly, reading) Definitely.
I received this item as part of the Amazon Vine program for review.  My kids, all six of them, did enjoy this toy, but I think this set could have included more, such as a track, more buildings, or more accessories so that playtime with it could be a little less limiting.  My kids enjoyed playing with the cars and the Eiffel tower and it was a great prompt for their imaginations.  Durable, and a GOOD START for an awesome Geotrax set.
I didn't realize when I ordered this that it's just one in a set of connecting things that make up the whole city so there isn't really much to do other than drive under the tower and my kids grew tired of that fairly quickly.  They still play with the cars sometimes but not so much the tower since I haven't gotten other pieces to connect together.  It's larger than I thought it was going to be and they have somehow already managed to break off both of the gates so it's not as entertaining as it even was at first without that.  I'm thinking if we had more of the city to connect together it would be much more entertaining for them, but just buying a single piece is not that great of an idea from my experience.
Please be aware that this product is an add-on product and not part of the Cars Geo-Trax itself. This is just one of those pieces that will extend your original set. For what it is, it's nice. Comes with the Eiffel tower and couple pieces of track and 2 cars. Good quality and fun, just be aware that you need to buy additional pieces for your child to have a complete set to play with.
The Eiffel Tire Crash is one piece of a larger set, each sold separately.  On its own, this piece just isn't that much fun at all.  In addition, the 'camera' that makes the track switch from straight to curve is pretty touchy... just a small adjustment will switch the track, so you might not get the result you were expecting.  I'm not sure this piece would even be much fun if it were installed in the huge track of all the other parts... it just doesn't do that much, especially as compared to some of the other pieces (one has an elevator for example).  So, while you'll need this mediocre piece in order to have the full track set, it seems very overpriced for how non-interactive it is.  The most fun part of this part of the set is the car that talks or plays a tire-screech sound when you press down on the wheels, but this will get old pretty quickly.
I received this set as part of the Vine program, and I am happy that I ordered a second set at the same time.  The Eiffel tower needs 4 screws for assembly, and a thin screwdriver to fit in the holes.  The two cars are very cool, but only one of them actually talks.  There is NO track included, so expect kids to drive around the room.  Also, the switching mechanism does not work as well as it could for "crashing" through the gate.  I would say that other than the cars included that this set looks nice, but it is not as much fun as the Big Ben set.
This Cars 2 branded toy from Fisher Price might amuse you little kids for a bit, but I think they'll quickly lose interest. The car that comes with it is Big Bentley, not Lightening McQueen, Mater, or any other top characters. Also, the tracks on either side of the tower don't stay together very well. That's my biggest complaint. This toy is a cheaply made piece of plastic with little replay value. For your little Cars loving kids, you'd be better off buying them a set of Cars vehicles and letting them use their imagination.
This toy is BIG but on its own is barely functional. Within moments of having it out of the box and setting it up my son was asking for the other parts and toys that will make a complete track. A toy that in and of itself causes kids to ask for something else to make it work is no toy I want to be investing in. I see the marketing concept but from a practical standpoint I was as let down and my son was. What came with this was a tower and some cars. It was not enough for any real fun. On to the next item!
So, my four-year-old daughter was very excited to get this toy.  I opened it and didn't think i needed any tools to put it together. There are four screws that you need to screw in to assemble the road.  I didn't mind doing it, but i feel like toys likes this should be like a click-in type of assebly.  Anyways, my daughter started playing with it and she was confused about something. There's this top level road where you put the car on and the the top level road is suppose to drop down so the car would go down (you'll see if you bought it).  Anyways, the top level road wouldnt drop, so i read te maual and it says that you need another car to drive through the bridge for the top level raod to drop.  But, of course theres not 2nd car in the box.  you have to buy another car.  So, you can't really utilize that feature unless you buy another car, whcih sucks!
When I saw this item I was excited to get it as my son who is three and a half loves cars. We saw the movie over the summer and he loved it. The item as kids toys go was easy to pull out of the box and put together. My son seems to be able to push the track together and loved pushing the car up and down the ramp. But why only three stars for one main reason. The whole function of this item is that a second car can drop down onto the track as one car goes underneath but there is no second car. My son played with this toy for a while without knowing the purpose of the tower. If you got the second car then I would give it 4 stars to get the 5 stars it really needs some more track. The car goes up and then down it would be so much better for the loop. I know that they cannot give you it all but something that makes this toy a little more accessible. I do think that if I want my son to really enjoy this product I need to buy another track set at least. So if you are willing to spend about $60 at least it is a really great idea, almost like a train set but with cars and with Christmas coming along I am sure it will go well. But if you want a stand alone toy this item is not the right thing to get.
While racing cars on a track would be fun for many little kids, the fact is that this particular playset is lacking in some significant ways.  Namely, the playset is not very big and and the track is not very long.  Only one car comes with the playset and it is not one of the major characters.  Additionally, this track is really a precursor to the companion playsets that are depicted on the back of the box.  When combined with the other Cars 2 playsets in the series, it would be easy for one's child to enjoy this for hours at a time.  Of course, this would mean spending even more money.  As it is, the average Kindergartener will most likely get bored with having only one playset in the series.  And considering the price for just one of these playsets, it could not not seem like a feasible investment for many parents.
I have other fold and go toys for my son - the rock quarry, the firehouse and the garage.  The rock quarry has the most durable and least frustrating design.  It is a 5 star rated toy in my opinion, if your child is obsessed with Chuck and Friends.  The fire station is the worst - the pole feature (the cars do the equivalent of a human sliding down a pole) is very difficult to work.  Handy's garage is not bad, but the ramps dettach on their own way too often.This one is on the flimsy side, but seems more durable Handy's garage.  I'm just concerned about the longevity of the ramps staying attached.
My test subject for this toy was my 3 year old nephew, a boy well-versed in the operation of toy cars, trucks, firetrucks and construction vehicles.First off, the toy is very easy to assemble because the parts are basically all pre-attached.  The toy folds up nicely, making it a great toy to take along when going for a visit somewhere because you're not going to lose the parts in transit.The toy comes with the batteries included and preloaded, so no need to go searching for that small Phillips head screwdriver that's stuck in the junk drawer somewhere, or digging around for the spare AA batteries.  I appreciate any company that provides batteries with their toys because it allows for immediate playing gratification.My nephew was excited to receive a truck toy and I had to immediately open it up.  He was able to manipulate the game without problem, working the elevator, etc.  The problem came when he tried to let the included truck roll down the ramps from the top level.  The truck would always either get jammed or fall off the tower midway.  I looked closely at the toy, and it looks like it is a design flaw that is tripping up the smooth flow of the truck.  If the truck is started on the mid-level, the ramps would work as they were supposed to.  Needless to say, the whole toy palled rather quickly since it didn't work like it was supposed to.  He did later try his Hot Wheels/Matchbox cars on the tower and they did seem to run a little better - they still shot off the ramps midway, but sometimes they did actually stay on.  He also tried running some balls down the ramp but that didn't last.Since that first time that he played with it, I haven't seen him use it in the manner in which it was intended.  Instead, he now uses it as part of a "wall" that he constructs when he's building a castle or a fire station.  I can't really comment on the sound aspect of the game because he didn't play with it in the manner intended long enough for me to even learn what the sounds are, or to become annoyed by them.Perhaps this toy might be good for a younger child, one that is just learning how to place cars on ramps and can be entertained in that manner.  It's a cute toy, colorful and with moving parts that a younger child would like. It's definitely a safe toy for younger children because there are no small parts that are loose.  But for a child of my nephew's age and toy experience, given the design problem with the toy, it's not something that I would recommend.
So the idea with the Tonka Chuck and Friends Fold and Go Tumble Tower is that you raise the truck with the hand crank and it tumbles down the ramps. Problem is it doesn't work most of the time. The truck seems too big or the ramps aren't well designed and it seems to get stuck most of the time. That takes a big part of the fund away. That's about it. There's not much more to do with it and the voices getting annoying really quickly. It's a toy with no educational value that barely works.
You can gather most of what you need to know about this simple product from the photo that accompanies the description.  It's a plastic race toy that sends a small (but not safety-hazard small) plastic dump truck cascading down a switchback track of shifting ramps, eventually exiting at the bottom.  Pretty simple design with simple accompanying assembly (almost none).  It comes with one toy car, which upon opening, caused a two-year-old I know to immediately look through the box for more.  (He couldn't believe the toy came with only one car.  Upon consideration, I'd have to agree that he's got a point.)  If you should lose the included dump truck (as we did within a 1/2-hour), SOME matchbox cars will suffice, though many are too long and get hung up on their way down the ramps.The action of the toy takes place over the course of about 1.5 seconds, so depending on your child's attention span, it might have limited replay value.  My play tester's first session lasted a good 10 minutes, which seemed better than reasonable to me for a toy of this type.  Included are the requisite obnoxious kiddie cartoon voices and sound effects (PLEASE TOY MAKERS TAKE NOTE:  THESE ADD N-O-T-H-I-N-G TO PLAYTIME FUN!), but mercifully there is an on/off switch.  This toy plays just as well (if not better) without the squealing voice spurting out, "YAY! LET'S GO!", etc...  There is also a red button on the front of the unit that activates the sounds.  You can hope your little one doesn't find it.The toy's purported "Fold and Go" features are an almost silly marketing-only feature.  The handle at the top is nice for the little ones to tote this around by themselves, but chances are good they won't "fold" the toy into storage mode effectively and might even undo the adult's efforts to do so.  The plastic isn't flimsy but it isn't remarkably sturdy either.  It would probably put up with some abuse from a toddler, but I'd be concerned with too much rough housing the ramps might get jammed and then the toy would be largely pointless.This toy is decent for what it is.  It functions consistently and appears to capture the imagination of a 2-year-old, even if only for a short while.  If you likeFisher-Price Disney/Pixar Toy Story 3 Big Spiral Speedway-style toys, you'll probably like this one too.Update:  I anticipated this and it's come to fruition.  This toy doesn't get played with anymore.  There's just not enough here to capture a child's imagination.  I would recommend you spend your money elsewhere.  Here's a toy that's gotten weekly use for over 2 years in our house:Marble Race Deluxe.  Enjoy.
My son loves the small Chuck trucks, and when I saw this, I knew he'd like it.  He has had a lot of fun playing with it, but it does have some problems.  The main one is that the cars and trucks do not consistently do the flip at the end, and either skid out sideways or get stuck in the last ramp.  Not as much fun as it looks on the package.The other issue is the volume...there is only one level: loud.  Yes, you can turn off completely, but there isn't a quieter option on this toy, unlike many toys with sounds.Even with these imperfections, my just turned 3 year old likes is, and still pulls it out to play with it about a month later.
My 3 year old played with this for two days for about an hour each day and didn't touch it after that.  My guess is he'll play with it again over time.  On day one, Chuck went up the elevator and down the ramps many times.  On day two, Thomas, Lightning McQueen, and may other wheeled vehicles went up the elevator and down the ramps.  All of the vehicles had varied success in being able to get down the last ramp without getting stuck.The Good- Limited parts - there's the main tower, Chuck, the brown ramp, and a red fence/ramp- Portability - stick Chuck in the botton, put the red ramp up as a fence, and put up the brown ramp, and you're on your way- Chuck talking when you press the red button or when Chuck goes through the crash courseThe Bad- Chuck (and other vehicles) often get stuck on the way down- The elevator isn't inclined enough so that when you start to move it upward, Chuck moves forward and gets caught on the levels as you go up- The base is thin so it wobbles a lot - you have to tightly hold the base to get the elevator up (part of the sacrifice of portability / light weight)- No extended play valueMy son likes driving his cars and trains along, he's never been into toys where you let the vehicle go and it completes ramps etc (he didn't play with the Little People Wheelies much either).For fun I included the very short video we made with a train car.
My Chuck-the-Truck loving two-year-old grandson and his dad field-tested the Tonka Chuck and Friends Fold and Go Tumble Tower and gave it a conditional thumbs up.My son liked both the easy assembly and that the two AA batteries were included in the box.  He was not a fan of the sound effects, but approved of the mute button.  He was also disappointed that the truck had problems descending from the highest level.My grandson expected the final product to look like the box (poor naive child!  so much to learn), but he was more than willing to try out all his small cars, animals, and balls to see what would go down the ramps best.  He's not bothered by the crashes, tumbles, and stalls.Three Stars.  The bottom line?  Tonka Chuck and Friends Fold and Go Tumble Tower satisfies the small fry better than their parents; it's fun but fails to live up to its potential.
So this version of Stratego is somewhat different from the classic version that came out in 1961. The original version used forty pieces on a 10x10 grid, while this new game uses thirty pieces on a 10x8 board. This really changes how the game is played and speeds things up, although the game is as slow as chess in terms of pacing.Another big change is that the pieces no longer resemble an army from the 18th or 19th centuries, but instead have been "Halo-fied." As in the futuristic first person shooter video game by Bungie. So all the pieces have a sci-fi or mecha look to them. FInally the pieces are bright plastic so the game is pretty durable. I remember older versions of the game having wooden pieces and the new pieces will last longer.Finally, the last change is the "Spotter." People are either going to love or hate this. I personally found it really useful. The spot is your 1 point pieces, or the weakest one after the Spy. However, instead of attacking, the Spotter can try and guess what your opponent's piece is. If you are right, the piece is captures. If you are wrong, the opponent doesn't have to reveal what his piece is and he now knows your spotter. This is a great way to find bombs without losing pieces and in the first game we played, I memorized where my opponent's 9 and 10 point pieces were and effectively removed them both with one of my spotters. It's a very powerful ability if you are good at memorizing piece locations.Overall though the game is a very niche one. It's basically what video gamers call a "SRPG" or Strategic Role Playing Game. Those type of video games are played on a grid based map and positioning is as important as combat. So fans of those types of video games will enjoy this. People who want something a little faster paced or more relaxing will not.A good example of this was the game I played with my girlfriend. I enjoyed it but she did not. This is of note because we both like the aforementioned SRPGs so this game should appeal to us both. It turned out that what made us view the game so drastically was the mystery involved. She didn't like that anytime you did something "good" you actually hurt yourself, such as revealing the spotter or scout. Meanwhile I liked the degree of uncertainty and how defense was as important as offense. My girlfriend remarked that the game would be far more fun if you could see where all the pieces were from the beginning and that it was then all tactical manuevering. Although this is probably anathema to hardcore Stratego fans, I can see her point as many strategy games, including chess, take that approach. Since she generally enjoyes grid based strategy games, both video and tabletop, her disdain for Stratego really shows me that this is a niche game with a small but loyal audience.Did I have fun with this particular version of Stratego? I thought it was cute, but I'd rather play something likeDungeons & Dragons: Castle Ravenloft Board Game. This particular version changes things with a new ability, less pieces and a small grid and so it changes how the game plays in subtle ways. Because of this, I can see long time fans poo-poo'ing this, especially with the new Sci-Fi visuals. I'm pretty sure these changes were made to make the game more appealing to single digit children, but then I ask myself, "What was wrong with the older version?"At the end of the day, the game offers a nice amount of critical thinking, but it's defintely a niche product. It's certainly a game everyone should try once or twice since it is a classic, but it's not necessarily something everyone should own. Let's call it a thumb's in the middle.
I haven't played Stratego since I was a kid. It took 10 - 15 minutes to do the initial setup of putting the stickers on the pieces. I don't remember a long setup time on the original game (maybe my parents did that). The game design has changed a lot, I guess to draw in the kids who love Halo style video games. The board size has changed from a 10 x 10 board to a 10 x 8.If you are major Stratego fan this might not be the game for you because the design changes along with the smaller 10 X 8 board might be a turn off.  Overall the chess crossed with battleship style game is still lot of fun. If you enjoy board games this remake of a classic is a good addition to your game closet.
I'll hop on board with some of the other reviews I have read about this product.  The dice are awkwardly big, and the cards are annoyingly small.  And aside from the made up game called &#34;Square Shooter&#34; which seems to lose its appeal after a few rounds, you're left with the aforementioned odd sized dice and cards.This product is ok, and I suppose it will keep kids occupied for a little while.  Call me old fashioned, but I think I'll stick with regular playing cards, and normal dice when I need them.
We didn't play straight up poker, we played some other card games with our dice.  You keep 'score' with your chips, there are small cards that hold you place.  The dice are large so we used our Farkle cup to shake them.  We have a lot of games and like to keep a lot of card and dice games for our camper.  We'll hang on to this, it does give card games a bit of a twist.  The kids 12, 13, and 14 really enjoyed the cards on the dice.  There are a lot of other games you can play with the dice, you can look online for suggestions, there are other games listed in the packaging.  We like games that provide some versatility.
This game claims &#34;First Deck of Cards on Dice!&#34; but I actually have a set of dice with cards on it already. I am a dice collector, so maybe I would be the only one who knows about this. Perhaps this is the first full deck sold as a set? Anyway, beyond that, this game set is mildly amusing. I would rate it as a middle of the road... not horrible, but not the most exciting game.The game comes with a set of 9 dice, action cards, and chips as well as instructions and a little drawstring bag to keep them in. To play, players pick a card to see what they have to get in their hand (two pair, full house, etc...) and then they roll the 9 dice to try and get the combo asked for. It is most like Yahtzee and Yahtzee players might enjoy it because there is no score card and the combos they must get change with every turn, unlike Yahtzee where they have to get a list of the same matches every game. There are also &#34;showdown&#34; cards where you face off against another opponent and see who can role the highest hand. Poker players might like this game, but it might be a little tame for them. Unless you add a wager of some kind it might get old fast.The dice are very high quality and will go directly into my dice collection, but I doubt the game will be played again. After three rounds with a group of game fans, we put it aside to play something else. I can see this game being helpful on a train or long trip where you have to occupy kids.
Billing itself as the first deck of cards on dice--you may find yourself asking why such a combination was necessary--Square Shooters is an homage (some may say ripoff) ofYahtzee.Unlike Yahtzee, players in Square Shooters roll for one specific type of hand at a time, even from the first round. This means you may roll a high-point hand (such as a full house), but it won't do you any good unless the chosen card has instructed you to do so. That's frustrating. We rarely get an exact match of anything, certainly not without the aid of wildcard jokers. Ultimately, this is more a game of luck than anything.I also question the arbitrary assigning of values to hands. In poker, a royal flush is difficult to get because it requires five specific cards (or at least, one of four sets of five specific cards) out of fifty-two. A basic straight is easier because it requires only five cards in any sequence. In Square Shooters, however, even basic straights require five *specific* cards: for example, eight of spades, nine of hearts, ten of clubs, jack of hearts, queen of diamonds. So it's just as difficult to land a common straight as it is a straight flush or even a royal flush. And yet the point values are still based on standard poker hand rankings.Instructions are fine, with room for a couple unanswered questions. Where does five (or six) of a kind rank for Shootouts, for example? Might as well label the storage pouch, too, which comes blank. Good quality on dice and cards, and a decent travel game, but so would beTravel Yahtzee.
My family was a little skeptical about how much fun a &#34;card game on dice&#34; would be, and after playing, I have to say they were right. It was entertaining, but honestly not as fun as simply playing a card game. The primary reason why is because you use one set of dice that gets passed around, so those not rolling are waiting their turn. It goes a little slowly as you try to build your hand in three rolls, much like Yahtzee.The difference here? You get 9 large dice (about four times the size of standard die) with a full deck of cards printed on the six sides. The basic game is to shuffle the enclosed cards (which are about half the size of standard playing cards and a little hard to manipulate), draw one and try to replicate it. They are primarily poker hands, but you can also play rummy and other variations (instructions are included).  You earn chips based on how well you've rolled and the goal is to accumulate the most chips.In the box there is a drawstring bag for storage, the tiny chips used for play (again, about half the size of standard plastic poker chips) the large dice and the itty bitty cards. I think the packaging could have been improved, perhaps using a tin or sturdier box, as putting the dice in a pouch just to put it back in the lightweight box makes little sense. If the entire game fit in a nice large marked pouch, it might be more appropriate. The scale of the dice and the cards & chips makes it stand out, but was honestly awkward.The family is not likely to use it very often, but as an occasional change of pace it might do.
Putting a full deck of cards on a set of dice IS a novel idea, and these dice can be used to play some decent Poker-like games. Since your rolls are pretty random, you're going to end up with similar &#34;hands&#34; to what you would from pulling cards from a properly shuffled deck. Playing this game is a lot like playing Yahtzee, though the creators of the game encourage owners of these dice to come up with their own play variations. If you are the sort of person who enjoys playing Yahtzee and/or playing Poker, then you'll probably enjoy rolling these dice in fast, simple games. There is a fair amount of replayability, here, just not much depth. It's a sort of fun idea to include as a &#34;toss-in&#34; gift when buying a board game for the gamer in your family.
This isn't really a highly involved game.You get 9 dice (6 sides) that have a full deck of cards printed. The basic rule is shuffle the cards, draw, try to get a poker hand (2-3/kind, flush, etc) by rolling the dice. You can reroll up to twice and keep &#34;cards&#34; you like until you reach the general target (2 chips) or a specific face value (4) on your card. Joker's wild. There's some minor cards that copy the jokers or double chips and such.The game has several chips, the deck dice, a drawstring bag for storage, quick rules and more detailed rules that give a few minor variants of play. You can invent your own games as well, but having 9 dice will limit your new games, like solitaire would be hard to pull off.I think the packaging with a pouch is silly, because why not have the bag in the box, stuffed, or a box that is designed to hold the dice better (like Rory's Story Cubes)?Anyway it's nit an awful game but I wouldn't suggest it as a game to play for a long haul.
This game didn't work as well as I might have liked.  The &#34;drawing cards&#34; are very small and quite difficult to shuffle.  Rolling exactly what is specified is often much too difficult.  At least with Yahtzee, you can DECIDE what you should try to get after the first roll of the dice.  The &#34;special&#34; cards were often too hard to play, and the differences in chips per card were excessive.  My 8-year-old got very frustrated with this game quickly, though I could see how it might be fun for a while with older folks.  The &#34;taking turns&#34; could get very old with very many players.  The dice were also very BIG...I could barely hold them in two hands to shake them, and my daughter just had to put them down for her &#34;roll.&#34;  The packaging could also use some work...a solid tin, bigger cards, and smaller dice would all improve this game significantly.  As is, it is OK.
Shooters game, this thing for me was a little confusing to learn, but once you learn it, it's fun. Comes with everything you need including a red bag to hold everything in. Cards are small, so they can also be stored in the bag. Try to match your hand in three rolls or less. The shoot out cards give you more luck. Whoever wins the most chips, wins the game. Instructions included, and can also play 7 other games! Great family, or friends night game.
Giving little kids the tools to "make music" can be quite an adventure for the entire household and most are lucky if the outcome yields a bearable, rhythmic noise in lieu of an unnerving aural assault.  I have found that you really can't go wrong starting with the simplest musical instruments, such as sand blocks, tambourines, conga drums, triangles, bells and finger cymbals.  But, the opportunity to play "real" instruments (piano, guitar, horns, drums, etc.) seems to draw kids like bees to honey ... and a whole new adventure begins.  First Act offers a guitar that that has the appeal of a toy but functions like the real thing.WHAT IT ISThe PRINCESS ACOUSTIC GUITAR is a playable toy with real guitar attributes.  Made entirely of pink plastic, the body and neck are molded together.  A black plastic "fretboard" with plastic frets is screwed atop the neck and a plastic bridge is attached below the round sound hole.  The tuners are metal with plastic knobs and the guitar is pre-stringed with non-nylon strings.  To protect little fingers from being jabbed by the string-ends, the tuners are covered by plastic caps. Stickers that can be affixed to the top the caps identify each of open string notes (standard tuning).  An image of Disney princesses adorns the top of the guitar body.  No assembly is required.WHAT'S MISSING- There is no tuning device.  While stickers are provided to identify each open string note in addition to a beginner's "how to" songbook, there is nothing provided to tune the guitar to those notes.  In other words you'll either have to buy a tuning device or, if capable, tune the guitar by ear.  I feel this is a significant omission considering how important proper tuning is to play anything.- No pick/plectrum.  Finger-picking is great, but probably not the best way to introduce a youngster to guitar playing.- No guitar strap ... even though there are pegs on the guitar to accommodate one.HOW IT PLAYS- Tuning the device is the first task and I advise a gentle approach to this endeavor.  Because the guitar is not precision-made, hastily turning the tuning pegs may lead to string tension that may break the strings, or even worse, break the bridge and ruining the guitar.  Because the strings are new, they need to be stretched a little by VERY GENTLY pulling each string (above the sound hole) in an upward motion.  First I tried standard tuning (E-A-D-G-B-E) and then tried alternate tunings.  Some strings stayed in tune better than others.- While I wasn't expecting Martin or Taylor tone quality, I couldn't complain about the tone emanating from this entirely plastic guitar.- The string action (gap between string and fret board) is low, meaning less fingertip pressure is needed to make notes.  While this helps somewhat, pushing metal strings down on the fret board still won't be a comfortable experience for younger kids.  But, part of learning guitar includes finger-tip toughening.VERDICTSome musical instruments for children are merely simple toys that involve simple actions to work.  Stringed instruments are much more complex and require constant maintenance (tuning) to actually work right.  I believe the PRINCESS ACOUSTIC GUITAR has the right overall approach in that it functions the way a real guitar should and may spark a child's interest in learning how to play it.  With that being said, packaging such an apparatus without the essentials (tuning device, pick, etc.) relegates this product to being nothing but a noise-making (thankfully acoustic) toy for a Disney Princess-adoring little girl.  Adding a pick and tuning device to the package would make this an excellent introductory instrument (with the Disney flare as a bonus).
If you're looking for a genuine instrument for your child to learn how to play, I'd look elsewhere. But if you are looking for a guitar for a child to pretend to play without really knowing anything about how to play guitar, this is what you're looking for. This a great play toy but certainly not for those who are serious about learning how to play the guitar correctly.When the guitar came out the box, it needed to be tuned quite badly. There aren't any instructions on how to do this, so you have to turn the knobs and test the strings and judge for yourself on when it sounds exactly right. I haven't had any strings pop out yet but I've had to tighten up the strings a few times because they come loose easily. You don't get a guitar pick with this guitar, which was a bit of a disappointment to the kids in my life. The guitar itself is made of plastic, which makes it sound kind of cheap, which it is most definitely not, price-wise. The design of Disney Princesses is very cute but may not appeal to older girls.Overall, I'd say that this guitar is great for kids pretending to be in a band but definitely not for those who really want to learn how to play the guitar.
While my daughter does love playing this, I recommend a better toy guitar.  The strings are just flimsy, and I'm really afraid they are going to break in a very short time while I attempt to tune.
The Princess guitar is a pretty in pink starter guitar for small hands and short arms; however, there are some reservations that other reviewers also mentioned.My 7 and 9 year old girls want to learn guitar.  A full sized guitar is hard for them to manage.  This is more their size.  It does need constant tuning- probably the biggest drawback.  My girls are learning off "Alfred's Complete Kids' Guitar Course".  It starts with single finger chords: C-G7-G then a 3 finger chord D7, which are fine on this guitar since it only involves the high 3-4 stings(mostly G-B-E).For full 6 string strumming, there's usually a string that needs to be tuned or one can just ignore it, and let them strum and play to their imagination.  Our strings have not broken yet.  They have covers for the nuts and stickers to id the open string(which eventually fall off- not a biggie).  It's opening is small and the resonance very limited.I find our girls use this for play, pretend and simple practice.  For better sound, they mess around with our electric quitar on a mini-amp.  For their age group, it takes time to get use to pressing the strings down and toughen and strenthen their little fingers up.  It's all for fun and they're advancing quite well at their own pace.Overall, consider the cost and what you want out of a guitar- if it is just fun and goofing around with a little intro to the instrument- this one might suit you; otherwise, buy a better one.
This is a fun toy guitar, but should not be purchased as a learning guitar!  It's Disney cute, featuring many of her favorite princesses and is fun to strum while playing princess.As a learning guitar, it falters.  There is no strap, no pick, and no instruction sheet.  You need to gently tune the guitar and it doesn't stay tuned for very long.  As for the included stickers to show which string is which, two of them came off in the first five minutes and no longer stick.The tone is adequate for what it is and the strings are easy for little fingers to strum.While my daughter is pleased with her first 'real' guitar, when it's time for lessons, I'll invest in an instrument - not a toy.
"OGO BILD POD" is a 42-piece construction set from OgoSport. Reminiscent of Tinker-toys, this set includes 12 rubber balls (each having 12 openings), and 32 flexible plastic "struts" featuring end knobs which fit easily into the openings. The basic building unit is a triangle, which, when connected to other triangles, form a dome (and eventually a pyramid and polyhedron).The top lid of the box shows a structure they call the "Giant Geo Ball" being rolled outside, as well as a child sitting under a partial ball with a sheet and the words, "Play Forts!". A printed diagram is included as part of the inside cardboard box dividers showing how to build four increasingly larger structures: "Spinning Top", "Mega Mountain", "Giant Geo Ball", and "Rockin' Rocket". The first three can be built with this size set (42 pieces), but the last and largest/most dramatic, would require a second set.Pros:---The ball connectors are soft plastic and the struts are flexible. Both seem quite durable.---The strut ends fit in and out of the ball openings easily.Cons:---When building a structure, which opening to use is not immediately obvious. Previous reviewers mentioned excessive flexibility until the structure is completed. Sometimes trying another ball opening helps this.---The "fort" (or "pod") that is able to be constructed from this set is quite small. There would be more space under a sheet with two chairs.  I really feel you need two or even three sets.---The box opening/closing is not easy for a child to manage for storage. The struts are 24" long; one idea would be a pillowcase with a rubber band or strip of velcro. If the box is discarded, cut out and save the instructions that are printed on the inside cardboard.All in all, the picture on the box does not match the level of fun that can be had with only one set.
This is one of those toys that you wish you didn't have in the house but the kids enjoy it. Once built, it became a hideout with a blanket covering it, a ball to roll around the house. After the ball is connected together it's fun to find out different ways to play with it.  But when play is done and it's time to take it apart it's the storage of the poles and the little connectors that become frustrating to keep together. We played with it once, and now it's a dust collector until one of the kids remember about it.
Not much to say here except it it is a piece of plastic in the shape of Optimus Prime.  I can quickly transform into a truck.  Big and clunky parts, so that is good for a 3+ year old as the toy is designed for.  My five year old was not very impressed.  Quickly tossed aside.
My kids, like me when I was a kid, are not Transformers fans. I bought them a couple giant Transformer toys from TRU in the past but they rarely played with them. This time, things were a little different, as my kids loved the colors blue and red, so they had some interest in playing with this Transformer rescue bot.After removing the difficult packaging, the kids had fun transforming the bot for about half an hour. But I think they are too young to appreciate the ingenuity behind the Transformer toys, so after half an hour they got tired and went back to their Thomas and Friends and Cars 2 toys. They haven't touched this since, except this past weekend when a neighbor's kid came over to play and my kids showed it to him. One thing I don't like is the whole thing does not feel very sturdy, and the "joints" feel they'll break anytime.  I'm going to repack this and keep it in the toy box until when my kids will probably appreciate the mechanism more.
This guy is easy to transform. I can remember the ones that were metal and took a lot of moving around to get the figure. This one is simple. Makes a truck and Rescue Bot Optimus Prime.  I teach 4 year olds and they loved it. Easy to do over and over again.  Perfect birthday gift for one child to give another. The class has only had it a few days and so far it has held up well.
My daughter is 2 and loves this toy. It's very simple to transform from a robot into a truck. Older kids may find it too easy to transform, but it's great for little ones. It's also pretty durable, too. It's survived being thrown across the room and whacks to the floor, and so far nothing is broken.
We do so many puzzles in our house, so I was interested to see how a puzzle storage system would work. This particular system is a large piece of felt and an inflatable tube.The felt is very durable and the pieces don't slide around, and the inflatable tube is a great toy for hitting other people with.The first couple of times I tried to roll up my puzzle and move it to another location, everything was fine with the rolling and unrolling, until I got to unrolling the last piece of felt that was around the tube. The puzzle pieces tend to slip out while the fabric is still on the tube, so the last five or six inches get ruined. A way to prevent this would be to keep a border of 6 inches on the edge that would be rolled first, so that part wouldn't be jumbled.Pros: you can (very carefully) move the puzzle successfully.the product is very sturdyCons: The puzzle pieces are not on a perfectly flat surface so the puzzle tends to buckle. I prefer a very flat surface for puzzling. There's a reason why I don't put puzzles on fabric.Bottom line: I wouldn't buy it again.
In a nutshell, this is a large (as in, HUGE) piece of stiff blue flannel material that you are supposed to build your puzzle on, and then when you need to move your puzzle or put it away for a while, you use the inflatable bolster to roll the fabric up, puzzle and all.It's a good idea, but did not work as well as I hoped. After struggling to roll it up, I was planning to give this product two stars, but when we unrolled the puzzle I was surprised that it was still together at all, so I upped it to three stars.Flaws:1. Fabric is ridiculously big. Who builds 3000 piece puzzles anyways, let alone expects to move them? Our puzzle is only 500 pieces and was dwarfed by the fabric, not to mention the material was bigger than my table and hung over the sides awkwardly. It's impossible to move your puzzle onto the fabric after you've started building, you have to put the fabric on your table and build on top of it, which is unrealistic because it's so big.2. Rolling up the puzzle without breaking it to pieces was really hard. The bolster doesn't help all that much and I had to repair our puzzle several times before I got it rolled up.3. On unrolling, the puzzle WAS mostly in tact, but our high-quality Ravensburger puzzle pieces were bent and warped.Conclusion: This is a cool idea, and I was drawn to it because we are trying to sell our house and thought it would be helpful to put away the puzzle when we have house showings, but it really was more hassle than its worth. While it would be cool to just roll up a puzzle and stow it away, that's a pretty tall order and I don't believe any product would do a really stellar job of it. Puzzles just aren't meant for rolling.
the kids love the look of the shield. you hold it by holding the trigger portion with a velcro strap closer to the elbow, so it's on pretty solidly across the entire forearm, though it does get heavy for the little ones. the discs are soft, though no one should aim at the person. mine tends to curve to the right and goes for about 160 inches (13 1/2 feet).the shield automatically shuts down when opening the lid to reload the discs. because there are only 5 discs, the discs have to be retrieved very often since it only takes a few seconds to use up all 5 "ammos." unless someone is devising an aiming game of a sort (like darts), running around while shooting requires taking many breaks to retrieve and to reload the discs, so not as fun after the initial novelty of it. then it basically becomes a plain shield.i'd rather get a plain shield at a lower price, esp since the discs can easily get lost by lax attitude towards retrieval. the launching function ultimately becomes a short-lived gimmicky feature.
This toy is perfect for a kid around five or six years old. A kid younger than that might not "get" this toy, and older kids might find it kind of small to playact with (it's about 13 inches or so in diameter). Also, the discs don't shoot 100% of the time.It actually looks pretty cool and the outside is more solidly constructed than I thought it would be (it isn't overly heavy, but it isn't lightweight, either). I've read from other reviews that the inside parts (coils, springs, etc.) might not be so durable. We'll have to wait and see.
A superhero toy that "launches" discs, what more could you ask for?!With four adults in the house and the occasional visiting child or two this got a good round about testing phase.The biggest issue was the launching of the discs. No matter who was using it or how they were holding the shield, the discs fired maybe 75% of the time. The other 25% of the time multiple trigger pulls were required or we had to pop the shield open and fiddle with it.During the times it would shoot it was awesome! Outside with a slight breeze you can easily achieve the 20' distance. Without a breeze it can go further.With the price tag that is currently on this shield I would expect it to work almost flawlessly each and every time.So if you have a younger child who is a bit impatient, this will drive them nuts because of it's lack of consistency for launching discs.For the parents and grandparents out there, the shield makes a nice "hmmmmmmmm" sound all the time, so be prepared for that annoyance.
Summary:  This shield/disk launcher is safe and surprisingly fun.  Its battery use and fan makes it a little worse than the nerf toys for frequent battles, but if you have a Marvel Comics fan in the house, it will probably be a hit.This is too small for an adult Halloween costume or cosplay - just over a foot across.  Once you add the five soft discs (included) and four AA batteries (not included), then turn on the shield, a small fan will start spinning.  Pulling a trigger on the inside grip of the shield will launch one of the discs.  The discs are indoor safe and fly 15-20 feet.What I liked:- It's surprisingly fun to shoot the discs.  There probably wasn't a practical way to make a safely throwable shield that still looked good, so kids can't have the full Captain America shield-throwing experience, but shooting the discs comes closer than you might think.- The discs are as indoor safe as possible.  I had a few shot at me at close range without incident, and I didn't worry when the kids were shooting them in the house.What could have been better:- I'm not sure how durable this is.  The trigger is connected to a mechanical launching arm, which then pushes the discs into the air path from an electronic fan.  That's a lot of stuff to potentially break, so we'll see how long this lasts.- My guess is that this is a power suck.  When the on/off switch is on, the fan spins constantly, so if the kids leave this on between play sessions, it will keep burning power.  On top of that, the fan means that there's a constant whine coming from this whenever it's on, so stealth missions are out.
My son has been getting into the whole superhero role-playing thing these days, so I was excited to have the chance to try out this new disc-launching Captain America shield. This movie tie-in toy has a battery-powered motorized launcher that shoots coaster-sized foam discs out of a slot at the front of the shield.Well, that's the idea anyway. Despite a very loud motor that was obviously working, the mechanism that launched the little discs was faulty. Nothing moves when you squeeze the trigger, and there's no real way - short of taking the whole thing apart - to figure out where the problem is. Now I think the idea of a disc-launching shield is kind of silly in the first place. I mean, Cap doesn't shoot things with his shield; he blocks things. Still, it would be nice if this toy would work like it's supposed to.Even if the launcher worked, it probably wouldn't be worth the noise and sheer weight this thing packs (even though it does look cool). The smallerCaptain America Movie Flying Shield(essentially a Frisbee, but still cool) seems like the better purchase, at least for smaller kids. You can get that one and theMarvel Captain America Costume Maskfor roughly the same price as this shield.
I got this toy b/c I thought it looked AWESOME! It is about 12" in diameter and has a handle to hold and a velcro strap to keep it on your forearm, so it's adjustable for kids and adults! It has a switch on the back that you flip on and then you can hear it winding up to shoot.  It's quite loud and if you shoot before it's ready, the discs don't go very far.  Additionally, if you don't give it time to wind back up, and shoot the discs right after each other, each disc falls shorter and shorter.  It only comes with 5 discs, which is a bit of a bummer too.  I would be willing to buy more, but the problem is, you can only fit 5 at a time in the shield anyway, so that makes it kind of pointless to buy more.  It is easy to reload-the center circle (blue with the star on it) pops open and you just stack the 5 discs in there and close it up, then back to waiting for it to wind up again.  Overall, I was more disappointed than pleased with this toy, it's a cool idea, but they sorta failed on the execution of it.  If you're willing to wait to shoot and don't mind only 5 shots, then this toy will work.  I would say go with a Nerf semi-automatic gun, they're WAY cooler and more fun, even though they don't have the Captain America look!!
Asara is a relatively light-weight, but quite fun, board game from Ravensburger. In it the players are trying to build the widest variety and tallest towers they can as rich architects and builders in the fictional land of, you guessed it, Asara, "the land of a thousand towers". This is accomplished by taking turns playing cards onto various action spots on the very large, colorful board. You then collect various tower pieces and coins and use those to build your towers. You do score points in small increments throughout the game and during the smaller scoring rounds, but the end game scoring makes the largest difference. Here having the tallest (or second tallest) or each color tower, having the most towers overall (or 2nd most), and having the absolute tallest tower (or 2nd tallest) all rake in big points. The one with the most points wins considerable favor from the Caliphate (the ruler of Asara), or in our terms wins the game. With two players it takes about a solid hour including setup and clean up, with the time going somewhat longer with 3 or 4 players depending on their play style.The components for Asara are excellent quality. The board, the towers, and other tokens are made of a hefty and very sturdy chipboard and adorned with gorgeous artwork that integrates well into the game play of the game. The towers are ornate, but easily recognizable as to what type of piece they are and what in-game benefits they grant. The board has spaces for all the cards and parts prominently displayed and naturally worked into the artwork for the most part. The cards themselves are a bit repetitive, only coming in the five colors, but do have thematic artwork and have a solid feel to them. The cards are however, small and those with large hands may feel uncomfortable holding them. The game production overall is phenomenal, sturdy, thematic, attractive and functional. Of a last note for components, the rule book is provided in FIVE languages, so is quite multilingual in that regard with the other components being language-independent.As for game play, is runs smoothly, with turns moving along briskly. The need to follow the suit of cards played by others in those action spots creates some tactical decisions, but since you can use two cards as a wild doesn't totally block out others. The mid-term strategizing and planning for contingencies are definitely rewarded as the game is about optimizing your moves. The balance between scoring now and a few times throughout the game and the big scoring at the end creates some nice choices. It is a competition so you are also forced to react to the other players or try and grab something you think they need first. The mechanics themselves are straightforward and the theme really adds to their feel and fits well.Overall, it is a very smooth, light-weight game with excellent production value. It is a great shorter game or introduction to more complicated designer boardgames. I recommend it for families, for older kids (the 9 years old and up on the box seems appropriate depending on the child), and for casual gamers.
This game doesn't seem to know its genre.  Like a film that can't decide if it's a comedy or a drama, this game moves like many of the Euro games, yet isn't terribly complex as many in that category. Still, it's more complex than a casual family game, methinks. Hardcore gamers will find it too light, even though it's intended for a wide range of age groups, while those used to fluffier games will find it too involved. The rules are a bit vague, though if you're familiar with the game style, you can work it out pretty well.It may be fun a few times, but I don't see this one having longevity in our regular game rotation. I don't recommend it.
The kids (2 to 10) loves these cars and race them across the wood floors.  They also got the set with the track but ended up not using the track, just the cars.  The entertainment value of these cars is high but so is the price.  It'll drop.
This you has a unique twist (pardon the pun).  Instead of revving up the tension-based "motor" by dragging the car backwards on a surface, you twist the car's from hand back halves, effectively winding it up.  The fronts and backs are interchangeable.  Other than that, there isn't much else to the toy cars.  They have a novelty aspect about them, I suppose, with their unique "ratcheting" design.My son is a two year old and didn't play with these for very long before they got tossed in with his other cars.
We got this toy for my son's 5th birthday. He is a fan of all things with wheels, so cars that race right up his alley.I was drawn to the fact that this doesn't require batteries, doesn't have lights or beeps or some random voice that talks. This set contains 2 cars, that ratchet to go with pieces that can be interchanged.I wasn't impressed with the feel of these cars. The cars come in 2 pieces that click together. You must press a button at the top and then twist the two sides. When done, the car starts to click loudly. My son had a hard time getting the order of click- turn- click- go. Eventually he got the hang of it, but still comes to me to 'fix' them once in a while.Its cool that the cars can trade fronts and back to create something new. Its been a fun toy for my son and his older sister.So while I am not sure how long this will last due to its flimsy feel, for right now it does its job by entertaining them long enough for me to make dinner.
I spend far more time putting two halves of the cars together than I think my daughter plays with them.  The idea that they can interchange and swap a firetruck front with a bus back is fun and all, but in order to put them back together, you have to line up a small channel on both ends, something my daughter doesn't have the dexterity to do yet.  So instead of playing with them like trucks, rolling them on the ground, she thinks it is far more fun to take them apart and have me put them back together.  She has lucked out and done it herself a few times, but for the most part it is me.  Not that I mind playing with her, but the point of the trucks is lost.My opinion, these would be far better toys if they DIDN'T come apart to switch.  They are a great size for younger children, but the concept of switching the parts is a bit advanced for the younger child and it takes away from the purpose of rolling a car/truck around.
What little one doesn't love cars that go fast?  When I saw the Kid Galaxy Ratchet Racers Fire Truck/School Bus Set, I thought my toddler grandson would love them.  They require no batteries and seemed to be a good basic toy.  Since he doesn't play video games and isn't allowed to watch TV, I felt the lack of flashing lights, wild noises and rapid visual changes would not impact his enjoyment of the Kid Galaxy Ratchet Racers.  Wrong!  After the first few forays down the long hallways, these vehicles sat in the corner gathering dust.  There was no fascination factor or creative aspect to the Kid Galaxy Ratchet Racers to maintain his interest.The Kid Galaxy Ratchet Racers are smaller than they appear.  About 6" long and 3" wide, these are blocky in shape and easy for toddler hands to hold.  In order to get these to "wind," the black button on the top must be fully raised; it sometimes remains partially depressed after the racers are wound and run.  That can frustrate a toddler if he or she does not understand the button must be "flicked" to get it to fully release.  After full winding, these will race easily down a 30 foot pathway, crashing with some force into the wall or piece of furniture at the end of its journey. Made of hard plastic, repeated crashes will likely cause these to crack or break.  Further, you may find damage to walls or furniture if the path you use is shorter than our 30 foot runway.  Because the ratcheting mechanism is made of plastic, I question its longevity and durability.  The back half of the Kid Galaxy Ratchet Racers moves, when placed on carpet, like the Mars Rover if the pieces are separated and the button pushed after the piece has been wound.I rated the Kid Galaxy Ratchet Racers Fire Truck/School Bus Set as a 3 star product for several reasons.  It promotes no creativity or learning.  Based on the materials of which it is constructed, durability is questionable.  It has the potential to damage furniture and walls.  There is no fascination factor - once a child's initial delight in watching the vehicles "go fast" passes, the toy is abandoned and becomes another dust collector.  I recommend you look at other toys if you are considering the Kid Galaxy Ratchet Racers Fire Truck/School Bus Set.
These little guys are fun, but I am just not sure they can compete with the gadgets and gizmos that are on the market today.  Pros: no need for batteries, compact-good travel toy, could be played anywhere.  Cons: just not sure they carry enough wow factor, no remote &lt;grin>.  Definitely needs to be for a certain type of kid, don't try to impress your remote control, electronic gizmos loving kid with this one.
Limited play value. Poor quality control.The method of powering these wind up cars is creative (you twist the front and back halves) but this doesn't add much to the play value. You can also swap the front and back from different cars. Ho hum. After winding the car you hit the button on top to make it go. The cars work well even on carpet (not shag). You have to remember to reset the button the wind them up again.The quality control problem involved a spring-loaded small plastic nub that helps you align the town halves before you trigger the car. On one of the cars the spring did not work. This made it difficult to align the two halves.A friction motor car is just as fun, easier to use, and less expensive.
My grandson gets a kick watching them scoot across the floor, Having hard wood floors through out the house is a plus for these cars they slow down a bit on the rugs. Hope to get the track for them to drive on. The button on top seems to be a two stage depression you must make sure to tap it again to release it to get it into ratchet mode to wined it up again. Be sure to notice the choking hazard the cars split in half too interchange car bodies.
I got these toys for my 2 year old (which I know is below the recommended age) and she likes them well enough.  They come apart easily which is good for switching them, but annoying when they're going along and hit a bump, threshold or wall and just fall apart.  They go pretty fast on hard surfaces, but barely slug along on carpet. I was surprised how many times you have to pump them backwards to wind them. You have to pull them in reverse (to wind them up) 5-6 times for them to actually go fast enough to be worth it.  Overall, they're fine, but not any better than any other car toy-My two year old likes them, but I could see for kids that are older how these could get old pretty quickly since all they do is zoom forward.
I chose this for my 4 year old girl about a month ago.  She has an interest in nearly everything.  At first, she had a great time and was excited to use it.  I doubt she even remembers it at this point.  Then again, isn't that the case for most toys?As for the product itself, it seems durable and well manufactured.  The winding mechanism seems durable (usually a problem in toys of this type).  The appeal of this toy, at the current price point, is that it is low-tech.  Last year I must have spent at least $30 in batteries for 2 children.  Pretty sad if you ask me.  This toy is entirely kid powered in contrast.In summation, at the current price point (sub $12), I can recommend the toy for boys.  I suspect they may not lose interest as fast as my daughter.
I'm not a car guy, don't know much about cars, don't get into sports cars and don't understand the "sport" of racing.  But me and the nephew had fun with this as it is a toy.  Its amusement factor may not last long for some, but I'm sure there are those that could go on all day with it.  It's simple enough to operate but somewhat finicky in the revving up part, as least for me and the kids.
We have a lot of open hard floors in the house and the kids love shooting these cars across the floor and running to get them.  Even more amusing, they aim them at the cats who pounce and attack.  The kids range from 2 to 10 and all play with them together.They quickly lost interest in the tracks and, after reading other reviews where children cut themselves on the tracks, I trashed them.  If you can get these for under $10, the kids will enjoy them.
This set is quite cute - you can build your car, change it around, and race it against it's component. However, the track is about 36 inches long and they always go flying into each other, and quite frankly, after about 2 times, anyone over the age of 5 is going to become quite bored with it all. You're better off just settling into getting this for the cars only - they run on reving power which is quite nice for a change. They're not all that durable - they fall apart easily and have to be reassembled prior to racing again usually. If you're looking for a racing set for a five-year-old, then by all means grab this set. It's quite cute. But, for anyone older I would suggest a Matchbox set because this one will not hold the attention span very long.
The Kid Galaxy Ratchet Racer Drag Strip basically consists of winding, self-propelled cars and an race track. The race track includes two pieces which cause the cars to change lanes and two speed bumps. The idea is that two racers wind their cars up, let them go, and watch them race.PROS:-The cars are easy to wind; my 3-year-old daughter can do it with ease.-The race track is easy to store, breaking down into very thin stackable pieces.-The cars seem durable, having crashed into walls and fallen off tables, still running well.CONS:-The race track is boring: Basically whichever car you let go of first will win; if they are let go at the same time they crash into each other and get stuck when they change lanes. My daughter quickly grew bored with the race track and just wants to use the cars.-The race track is very flimsy plastic, which as one other reviewer noted, can easily cause cuts from the sharp edges.I would give the race cars themselves a 5-star rating as they are durable and easy to use for the target age group (2-4 years old). There are no small parts to grip in order to wind the cars, rather you just turn the two halves. So you would be better off simply purchasingKid Galaxy Ratchet Racers Race Car/Pickup Truck Set. The race track simply is no fun, will turn into cluttery mess, and may even be dangerous as its sharp edges can easily cut a finger.
I got these toys for my 2 year old (which I know is below the recommended age) and she likes them well enough.  The cars come apart easily which is good for switching them, but annoying when they're going along and hit a bump, threshold or wall and just fall apart.  They go pretty fast on hard surfaces, but barely slug along on carpet. I know you must be thinking "but they come with a track, so that should solve all these issues" They do come with a track and it does take care of these problems, however, it is a bit large for what it is and it doesn't stay together very well, so we ended up just using the cars b/c the track was annoying. Another thing about the set that wasn't great is how many times you have to pump them backwards to wind the cars. You have to pull them in reverse (to wind them up) 5-6 times for them to actually go fast enough to be worth it.  Overall, they're fine, but not any better than any other car toy-My two year old likes them, but I could see for kids that are older how these could get old pretty quickly since all they do is zoom forward.
My son is almost two and half years old and loves anything to do with cars.  I got this set because it has tracks (that he likes to connect), and big cars to race.  He's a little under the recommended age of 3, but age requirements are sometimes subjective (after removing small pieces for choking hazards, of course, but there really wasn't anything with this set).My son found the Ratchet Racer Drag Strip appealing for about 5 minutes before he got bored, which was surprising. He was interested in laying down the tracks and pushing other cars around than with the actual cars included.  The cars are so-so designed.  Not sure why they chose to have wind-up cars instead of the traditional pull back style. On the plus side, the cars are big for small hands, and they interchange to make things interesting, but it takes a couple tries to get everything lined up and connected. They do go a long distance when fully wound up.The tracks included are not the same as shown in the video; I was hoping they would be more durable.  Unfortunately you get cheap, flimsy plastic tracks; the type of plastic you find with packaging.  I'm sure my son will like to play with the cars later on, but for now he's getting use playing with the tracks with his other cars.  As for me, the parent, I wouldn't recommend the Ratchet Racer Drag Strip unless it's selling for less than ten dollars.
I have three children so I know the value of toys.  A "cool" toy is one that keeps their focus, doesn't have to teach them something but is helpful for me the parent, and is durable.  This is not the case with this toy.  The cars themselves are pretty cool.  They wind up and a button is pushed to release them down the track.  My boys enjoyed racing them for about 10 minutes and then they just enjoyed letting the cars run across the room.  The track itself is flimsy plastic and seems cheap.  The cars, however, are well built and my youngest child continues to play with them.In terms of education, there is none here.  It is what it is, a race.  The track is not long so its easy to put away.  However, we received this toy and a day later it was sitting not played with.  I would not recommend this toy for long term fun.
not sure why it's rated for kids over 3 or 4. It's small and pretty simple to use. It is more difficult to "master". You drop the wand let it go forward, but the trick is... what is forward. The little guy spins.. not the truck, when you drop the wand the truck goes in the direction the little guy is facing. So to learn to get it to go where you want can be a challenge. I just wish it wasn't so small and cheap feeling.
This was fun for my kid when they first opened it, but they got bored of it super fast.  (Quicker than usual at least)  The remote is pretty easy to work and my kids have to trouble with it, but it doesn't do enough to make it fun long term.
Kid Galaxy SPIN 'N GO Fire Truck was an instant hit with my 18 month grandson. He could work it quite easily as the nice sized paddle fit his little hands and the easy up and down movement made it super easy for him to control. He got the idea quickly and although not as adept at making turns, etc, he enjoyed the fact he could make it stop and go. I think my only complaint is that it doesn't appear too sturdy for his little hands. As with most little ones, he also wants to just push it himself and it looks like it is a bit fragile for that but it has only been a week so I may be wrong. Cute toy and good value.
My 4 year old nephew loves fire trucks so he was eager to try out this Spin 'N' Go radio controlled toy.Likes:>Colorful fire truck with a fun, cartoon character firefighter draws kid's attention.>Place 2 AAs in the controller and 3 AA batteries in the fire truck, turn on both the controller and vehicle and it's ready to go!>My nephew, a savvy video game player, got the hang of controlling the fire truck pretty quickly; he was navigating around the den within minutes.>The radio control range from about 5 to 10 feet was good, just make sure the batteries are fresh.>Fire Truck (27Mhz A) may be played in conjunction with Spin 'N' Go Police Car (available separately) that uses 27Mhz B radio frequency.>Good learning tool for remote/directional control and hand/eye coordination.Dislikes:>Batteries not included.>Vehicle movement and direction somewhat limited by the spinning firefighter concept; my nephew already plays with a mini RC car with dual axis (forward/back, left/right) controls.>Controller looks like a mini paddle so my nephew whacked his dad (bro) with it.  Ouch.>Parent supervision recommended due to spinning wheels.>Fairly durable.  My destructive nephew hasn't broken the toy yet after a week.Bottom Line:A fun toy for younger children that also teaches basic remote/directional control and hand/eye coordination.  May be too simplistic for kids that are already familiar with video games and more advanced RC toys.
Kid Galaxy Spin 'n Go Fire Truck: is an eye catching toy that will definitly grab a childs attention.  The fire truck works well on a hard surface but had trouble on uneven surfaces and even short carpet.  The truck would seem to wedge itself against an object & sit & push, not changing directions as it should.  The wand control is easy to use but does not help the child with eye hand coordination since the wand has no directional function.  The truck system requires 5 AA bateries with screwdriver access(2 in th wand & 3 in the truck) making battery changing a parent project.  Most children like the ability to touch or at least control their toys and this one you just follow to see what it will run into next with little control.
Yes, the fire truck is remote controlled, and the guy on top spins.  But that's about it.  There aren't any sounds, which could be a plus for the parent but was a disappointment to my son.  The remote control is a paddle.  Holding it straight up and the truck stops.  Hold it down and the truck moves.  Most toddlers will wave around a paddle, so it's an awkward set-up.  Seems like a gear shift-style would work better and be just as easy for a toddler to use.
I am one of those annoying parents who rarely buys my child plastic toys. Still, I thought my 2 year old would enjoy it and as it turns out, she did. This is a really durable, cute little car that does exactly what it says. It even survived a fall down the stairs, so it is pretty sturdy and should last quite awhile. On thing I did not like, though, was that it required 5 batteries. Needless to say, it's a lot and is something to consider if you decide to buy it.
I tested this out on my nephew because my kids were too old or too small. This was a great learning toy for him in trying out a remote. It was very easy for him to use, and in a course of minutes he figured it out. The thing crashed down the slide, flew down the stairs, and rammed the walls. Still running. So, durability is there. No small parts either.However, it doesmn't make the siren noises, which disapointed said nephew. It also takes a lot of batteries, 5 AAs. Of all the crazy things, it wouldn't work on the linoleum or hardwood, but worked fine on the carpet. Very strange. A cute toy for 12-18 months, not much older though.
This toy requires 5 AA batteries, not included. This a cute, durable toy. It has already fallen down a flight of stairs and survived. However my 2-year old grandson was quickly bored with it. He enjoyed playing with it at first. It's easy to make the fire engine go forward with the remote control "paddle". However the engine gets stuck on rugs and doesn't run well on tile. Works fine on the carpet.  It's also easy to spin the fire engine in circles by turning the paddle. But it's hard to control the direction of the engine so it tends to bump into things and get stuck, which frustrated my grandson. All things considered it was not a big hit with him. He said, "It doesn't do anything." I think younger children, 12-30 months old would enjoy this toy as an introduction to remote control.
This is a pretty simple RC vehicle. It doesn't do a whole lot, but that's ok for the very young set, perhaps age 2 would be best.
I got this for my almost 6 year old to work on as he loves building anything that is even remotely like Legos.  He was super excrited when I showed it to him and gave him a brief overview of the Taj Mahal.  The fun (for me) ended there as I opened the bof and saw the pieces that we were now stuck putting together.  The pieces are so small (hence the name!!) that it was difficult for me to work with them without tweezers or something to grab them.  The directions are not as step by step and we are used to with Legos and other building blocks we have done.My son had difficulty following the instructions as well so he began to get frustrated.  I understand that this is not a kids set to put together but I was hoping that it would be something we could spend a few days working on together unlike his normal Lego sets which he usually completed very quickly.  I do regret getting this because we feel bad leaving it undone yet dread having to complete it.
WOW --- When they say "nano" they mean it. This set a lot smaller than I expected, but when it was completed, I felt pretty good.The tiny tiny pieces were hard to build with IMO, especially for anyone with not so perfect vision. Once the structure was completed is was actually kinda boring-looking because the majority of the pieces were all white.I was happy to try these, but in the future I would stick with Legos for the grandchildren.
My kids love Legos so I thought that this would be a neat gift for them. I suppose it is my fault for not understanding just how small this nano-block model of the Taj Mahal really is, but it isn't just the size that made it a so-so gift - it is really not very impressive in any particular way.Lego does a great job of using a variety of shapes, colors and designs to make their various kits look interesting and fun to build and play with. The nano-blocks, by comparison, are just kind of bland.  And even though this is supposed to be the Taj Mahal, it isn't overly accurate or detailed and I can't imagine the kids feeling like they have seen or built a model of the Taj Mahal.These are certainly less expensive than Legos, but I think that you get more for your money with Legos and I wouldn't recommend the nano-block kits over the Lego kits.
The Maisto RC Ferrari is very fun to use remote car.  It is a 1:24 scale which makes it smaller than most RC toys I own.  The detailing on the car is about average with nothing that really stands out. The remote is easy to use but the range is limited.  Overall this is decent for the price but there are better options for a little more money.*** Positive Points: ***Good size that is not too large but not too smallEasy to use steering wheel remote makes it fun to turn the carUses easy to replace AA batteries for both the remote and the carDecent speeds*** Negative Points: ***Not very detailed (no working lights or fine details like some other brands)Made of lightweight plastic so  it probably wont withstand more than a few dropsUses a common RC toy frequency that is not user adjustable so you will likely get interference from other RC toysTires are not well suited for bumps
Other than the fact it is a Ferrari, this is your basic backward/forward, right/left RC controlled car.  It does need 4 AA batteries.  Two for the controller and two for the car.  I would highly recommend investing in a set of rechargeable batteries, as the car does seem to go through them fairly quickly.  It seems durable enough, however smashing it into walls and down steps will certainly shorten the life span.  Controller is easy to understand.  A steering wheel for steering and a toggle switch for forward and reverse.
When I first received this toy, I was underwhelmed.  There's not much to it, but to my surprise, my 2.5 y/o daughter really enjoyed playing with it.  In short, the game has 4 or so different game pieces (each being a different color and shape), and the goal is to place each piece in right corresponding board tile space.  It obviously teaches colors, color recognition, coordination, shapes and so on.  Its probably not a game that a child would enjoy repeatedly for a long period, but it did give her several days of fun, and that's about all I can ask at this stage.
We have a handful of other Ravensburger products (games and puzzles) and this one ranks right up there quality-wise. My 4yo son already knows his colors and shapes, so it was less of a challenge than it could have been (I'll be interested to see how it helps with my second child), though he did have fun finding where all the pieces went. I like that there are more advanced levels (for instance, the second level is taking turns and rolling a die to remove a piece from the board) but that actually got a bit tedious and my son's attention drifted elsewhere...and I have yet to get him interested in trying the third level (rolling both dice and removing the corresponding piece). So for now, it gets three stars.If you want to read all the rules, you can find them here: [...]
Colorama is a good first board game for little ones.  It's basically a game of matching shapes and colors.  The player rolls two dice.  One indicates a color.  The other shows a shape.  The child then has to locate a piece that matches both color and shape.  For a three-year-old, the game is challenging and fun.  It's a good game to play with a parent or a friend.There are four skill levels, so that when a child masters one level and it becomes too easy, he/she can "graduate" to the next, which offers greater challenge.Board games are great for rainy afternoons or long summer days.  This game can be played indoors and, when weather is too pleasant to stay inside, in the park.There is a warning on the box that there is a choking hazard for children under 36 months.  Some kids like to put pretty or interesting things in their mouths, so be diligent when your child is playing this game.  There are 42 game pieces -- 40 shape pieces, 2 dice -- so there might be a tendency to "taste" a piece or two.  You know your child, so if this isn't a problem, fine.  If it is, maybe this game is not for him/her.In the era of electronic games and toys, Colorama is a retro-type game that teaches as it amuses and occupies young ones.  It is reasonably priced and makes for a neat holiday or birthday present.
I say it reminds me of Candyland because of the object cards that move your piece randomly on the playing board that has the matching object.  Instead of color cards you roll a die to move, if you roll a 6 you get an object card.The game has replay value because the pictures cards are randomly placed on the grid every time a new game is started.I played this game with my 5 and 7 year olds. While it started off fun, it was more frustrating in the end as we all made it near the attic multiple times only to roll a 6 to pick an object card and get sent somewhere lower on the board.My son said "Please someone win so it is just over!" We finally ran out of object cards and our suffering ended. Needless to say this will not be on the rotation for a while.My five year old kept on accidentally pushing the picture cards around on the board.  Otherwise everything is heavy cardboard.
I've never been a fan of games, but I play them quite a bit in classrooms when I'm teaching young kids. Ravensburger Race to the Roof is kind of fun and the kids I played it with seemed to enjoy it. There's a board and cards, and the players are in competition to reach the attic before anyone else. Sound like fun? The description claims that recognition and association skills are enhanced by having kids identify objects in the room, so, yeah, I guess this is educational. Well, it is kind of fun to play.
Race to the Roof is an interesting game.  It's suggested for ages 5+ but seems appropriate for a younger set in my opinion.  My 7 year old has played it but finds it simplistic and always chooses more complex games.  I would perhaps suggest this for ages 3-6 instead.Gameplay is simple and consists of rolling dice to advance gamepieces through 16 rooms along a path from front door to attic - first to reach the attic wins.  However, rolling a 6 means drawing an item card (each having a picture of a single household item) and then moving one's gamepiece to the room where that item is located.  This may help or hinder the affected player, depending upon the item's location - sometimes you move closer to the finish line, sometimes back to the start, or somewhere in between.  That's it for gameplay.  It's certainly simple enough for most kids aged 3-4 to grasp, hence my recommendation for going younger than the suggested age range.  The skills involved also seem appropriate for younger ones - object recognition, turn taking, counting.  Older kids will find it less engaging since there is no strategy involved - it all comes down to the luck of the roll.One downside to playing this with younger kids is that the board setup is delicate.  The 16 room cards are simply laid on the board and slight bumps of the board can send the whole thing a bit askew.  Not a big deal, but it can get annoying straightening the cards back out frequently as little hands & elbows tend to bump the board from time to time.Race to the Roof is not a bad game, but neither is it a great one.  It is a perfectly acceptable game for teaching basic lessons like turn taking and counting, and it's simple enough for even the smallest players to understand.  The lack of any element of strategy, however, along with the delicate board layout, keeps it from rating better than "okay."
We have a few other Ravensburger items (Snail's Pace Race,Funny Bunny,Thomas & Friends Birthday Surprise 24 Piece Floor Puzzle, andColorama) so I definitely had a certain expectation of the quality. And unfortunately, I was disappointed.The biggest problem is the board--it just sucks. It's NOT the typical heavy-duty fold-in-half board found in other games, but is a thinner material that comes in two separate pieces that fit together like a puzzle (and only two big tabs at that). The individual pieces are also of a thinner stock, but that's actually okay...but they constantly get knocked out of place and bumped around the board because there's nothing holding them in place. Every little jostle of the board or a heavy-handed kid trying to move pieces mess up the tiles. So you're spending half your time fixing the board. Within mere minutes of playing, I was trying to figure out how I could fix it with sticky Velcro pieces. For a company that usually has really high quality games and pieces, this was a BIG disappointment.That said, the game is fun, and I like that each game will be different because the cards always get placed differently. Also, though (I think) it's rated for ages 5+, my almost 4yo had no problems playing it (though he lost interest after about 10 minutes the first few times). Sidenote: one alternate way we play is to pick another number (besides 6) where you get to pick a card. This way there's more searching for objects and moving around instead of just plodding ahead...which we came up with after almost a whole game of no one getting a six.Trying to determine a rating on this one was a bit tough for me, as I've rated their other products four stars...and this one wasn't as good, so it should be three stars...but I feel it deserves a higher rating than "it's okay." But I will go with three stars because I can't do 3.5.
I usually love anything made by Ravensburger, but this game doesn't meet my expectations. The game is simple enough. There's no reading required and once you explain the rules my kids picked it up very quickly. There is no skill or strategy involved, so anyone could win any game depending on the role of the die. The pieces do move around the board, especially if you have some wild die rollers like I do. It's fun enough for a few games, but it doesn't have a lot of replay value.
We are huge fans of Ravensburger puzzles, which are challenging and amazingly well made, but had never played with one of their games. Race to the Roof, therefore, was a disappointment. The game is fairly simple to play once the pieces are put together -- but putting it together can be a tad frustrating for a kid dying to play with his new toy! The game is similar to simple preschool games like Candy Land/Chutes and Ladders: players have to hunt for items that match those on cards in order to figure out where a marker should move when rolling a 6. The board is modular, however, so it changes every time you play the game -- so, the board might not look the same twice. I agree with those who say the quality is cheesy -- not at all like other Ravensburger products. And, as others say, it would be nice if the "rooms" didn't sliee around so easily, which makes it hard to stay in control when antsy kids move the pieces around.
Race to the Roof is a fun game, but I do agree that it might be better for a younger age:  ages 3-6.  I have a 7 year old and a 5 year old and they had fun playing, but my 7 year old grew a little bored with it after awhile.It's easy to play. Just roll the dice and move your way from the basement, through the house, all the way up to the attic. Game cards let you look for items along the way and the first one to the attic wins.I do recommend this game and think kids will enjoy it. I'm very impressed with Ravensburger products such as their puzzles, so I was excited to see their games as nicely put together.
This was a well made game for several players. It's bright and fun. The group I genererally have playing it ranges in age from 4-9 years old. That is a bit of a stretch, but if I had three six year olds it would be perfect.
My two girls (ages 7, 10) really enjoy playing this game.  They love "find & see" and "I spy" books, so this game combines their love of "seeking", with their love of board games.  The rooms can be rearranged, so there's lots of repeat play value.  I love that they are reaching for this game after school instead of their ipods for a change!  It's even fun for me and dad to play with them too.  It's a little like candyland/shoots and ladders- you can get sent back down to the bottom at any time, but having to look for the items on the cards really keeps them engaged, and is so good for such a wide age group!  My ONLY complaint is with the pieces and cards sliding around on the board.
This game indicates that it is for ages 3+.  I'm not so sure about that "+" part.  My younger daughter, who is three (and, to be honest, a rather odd bird), loves the game.  Her older sister, who is a very typical worldly-wise five-year-old, didn't see the point.The game is very simple.  There are six wooden snails in six different bright colors, a game board with six different color-coded tracks for the snails to "race" on and two "dice" with six different colored dots rather than numbers or pips.  The snails line up at the starting line (the instructions indicate that the leaves are the starting point, but my daughter insisted that the leaves should be the finish line - the reward that the snails are racing for, so we started at the snail end).  All six snails line up regardless of how many people are playing.  Players take turns rolling the dice and moving the appropriate snail forward each time its color comes up (a snail gets to move ahead two spaces if both dice come up with its color).  The players make predictions about which snail will win and which will come in last.  The winning player is the one who correctly guesses the winning and losing snail.There are some pluses and minuses to this game, which is why I say it's a good game for the right child at the right age.  It's perfect for my younger daughter because she's not very competitive and she's never been into traditional board games.  This game allows her to play not to win or lose, but just to see what happens.  If anything, she feels sorry for the "slow" snails and she will "cheat" to help them win.  She really doesn't use it as a game, but more of an interactive toy to play with Mommy or perhaps a bridge to board games.  It's also good for her because the snails fit nicely in her hands and there are no numbers or reading involved - just color matching.  She's a very laid-back kid and this game is perfect for her.But if your child is more traditional, this game probabaly won't go over very well, even at younger ages.  My five-year-old never would have gone for this game, even when she was three.  It's too nebulous, not clear cut.  For instance, the instructions say that the players should make their predictions "as the game progresses".  What exactly does that mean?  At what point specifically should predictions be made and set in stone?  My younger daughter is fine with the fluidity of changing predictions based on how the snails are progressing, but it drives my older daughter nuts - she thinks that's cheating.  You can probably set your own rules that work for your child(ren), but it might be difficult to play with other kids.As is almost universally true of Ravensburger products, this game is quite durable.  There's very little to get broken.  The snails are sturdy wood and the game board is also sturdy with only one fold.I got this product free through the Amazon Vine program and I'm glad to have it, but I don't know that I would spend money on it.  This could be a good game for your three or four-year-old if he or she is more reserved, sensitive and/or non-competitive.  It's a good way for young children to work on colors and on making predictions and it's a nice introductory game to play with parents or other adults.  But I don't think it will be wildly popular with most children and even for children to whom it appeals, I think the age range will be quite narrow.
Well the game does reinforce leaving colors and counting to one. I say that because they never move more than one space at a time. That's not an issue, it actually makes sense given that they are snails. the part about this game that I thought was funny was that the main game seems to be based on guessing the winner. The rules have you guess, before the race starts, who will come in first place and who will come in last place. To me all I saw here was placing bets on dog/horse racing. There isn't any strategy here. It's completely based on the roll of the dice. I think I got a new game to bring out at my next poker night to mix things up.