I appreciate the materials used to create this puzzle and our three year-old loves the picture that is formed when the puzzle is complete. Soy inks + recycled cardboard = Wonderful.I have only one criticism, and it's a minor one. Since the puzzle is intended for a younger audience, it might be nice if the pieces were a bit thicker. Our son has good fine motor skills, but the pieces can still bend and crease as he works to fit them together. With that said however, the creasing may be due more to his impatience when the pieces don't seem to fit right than with the build quality of the puzzle.
I love the larger size pieces (these are about the size of my HAND) for little fingers and older hands. My granddaughter was excited when I received this and immediately read the top "At the Zoo." Yes, she is old enough to assemble it for herself.For those who have younger kids (age 2 or so) who enjoy putting puzzles together, one of the ways to handle this is to give them two pieces at a time and have them figure out which way to put them. It gives beginning skills, AND gives a chance for social interaction.I have worked with the elderly at nursing homes and am always looking for puzzles for aging arthritic hands as well. This is bright and cheerful enough to use there, especially when we assemble it with grandkids!The pieces are sturdy (seem just a bit thicker than standard puzzle pieces) but aren't for kids who still chew. They won't choke on these, but they could "mush" them up a bit.Bright, cheerful, fun, and best of all, huge pieces.I have removed a star because the size of the cuts themselves (holes and tabs) seem very much alike and don't give visual clues. A child who is not looking at the pattern could easily smash them together and insist that they fit.
My daughter is an official puzzle connoisseur.  We have a shelf devoted just to puzzles.  Floor puzzles are her current favorite, and she loved this one.  The pieces are big and easy to maneuver, the colors are bright and cheery, and the zoo scene is very cute.  She loves the elephant spraying water and always puts that section together first.  For kid appeal, it gets an A plus.From a mom's perspective, I love the box.  It's sturdy and has held up well to dumping the pieces out and putting them back.  I like the carrying strap too - nice touch.  The puzzle pieces themselves are made of a thick cardboard.  While my daughter has outgrown this stage, it does say the pieces are made with nontoxic paints so it's okay if your child happens to gnaw on them while assembling the puzzle.  My only complaint is with snapping the pieces together - they don't seem to hold together as well as our Melissa and Doug puzzles.  For an adult it's really not a big deal, but it can sometimes be frustrating for my daughter when the pieces keep snapping back apart on their own.Overall, it's a cute puzzle. I'm not sure how long it will hold up given that the pieces don't have a firm lock, but it's still a nice addition to our puzzle collection.
This is a nice size and is made very well. The pieces are very sturdy.  Once your child uses perceptual, and fine-motor skills to put the puzzles together you can use the puzzle to learn about various animal such the koala, ploar bear, lion.  The sturdiness of the product means it will be long-lasting.  The box has a neat rope handle for little ones to use when taking their special puzzle from room to room or from house to house. Puzzles are becoming a fogotten activity/skill but I am glad that this one was a big hit.  I recommend it for children 3-8.
First puzzle I've seen that is a nice transition for the clunky baby wooden puzzles to the grown up toddler durable kids toys. What little one doesn't want to be just like the big kids. Well this puzzle is challenging yet simple enough for little ones to do, and also has the durability that allows to be a childhood favorite to do over and over again. Comes with a nice carrying box that helps keep our household from loosing the pieces.
This is a nice, jumbo puzzle! It has a glossy finish, so each piece can easily be wiped off. My little ones like the big pieces and it's perfect for "table time" fun. It's very durable. The picture is cute and bright. It even comes with a cute box that has a string attached for holding and toting around. I'm very pleased with it!
This floor puzzle is a nice size - not huge, but larger than normal kid puzzles.  The pieces are thick and lock together well, even on carpet.  It seemed to be medium difficulty in that the connectors and pieces are all shaped very similarly.  Without too much forcing, you can get a piece to lock into the wrong spot.  It will have a gap, but since the pieces are so similarly shaped, it makes this possible.  That's the only downside I could find.The pieces are cardboard, but are very dense, almost like wood, but not quite that solid.  They don't have too much curl from the cutting process, so it all lays nice and flat.  My son put it together on berber carpet without having any issues with pieces not staying together.The storage box is ok- kind of thin cardboard.
My daughter is still at the age where everything goes into her mouth, so let me start by saying that while the cardboard pieces are sturdy and well made, they are not drool proof. The puzzle consists of five rows and five columns, making for 25 easy to assemble pieces. The colors are vibrant and the picture is as cute in person as you would expect from the box. We (I) put the puzzle together on the carpet, and the pieces locked fine. I would expect that once Fiona gets old enough to do it herself, it will be much easier for her to assemble on a hard surface.My one criticism is very superficial. The box is about twice as big as it needs to be. You may be wondering why that matters.... It is amazing how much stuff a tiny little baby accumulates. And as the tiny little baby grows, the aount of stuff grows as well. Exponentially. When the box, granted the very nice box, is twice as large as it needs to be, it means it takes up twice as much room as necessary as well.
This is a sturdy and easy to put together puzzle. 24pcs. Cardboard. Really cute illustrations. I love the big pieces and think the best educational value is for the dexterity a young child can learn putting puzzles pieces together. My kids found this an easy puzzle, just because of the big pieces. My 2 yr old nephew found it a bit more challenging, but with help enjoyed the outcome. The box can easily double as a storage box for the pieces and it has a carrying handle for little hands. My 7-10yr olds liked putting it together and did so a couple of times before they got bored. My 2 yr old nephew enjoys putting this together over and over again (probably because of not only the challenge, but the time spent with older folks who "help" him) :)
This puzzle is very attractive for kids, at least for those with whom I've used it.  It features a number of different animals, all presented in a very cute manner.  The colors are quite bright, and the puzzle makes little ones think without being so challenging as to push them away from using it.My only issue lies with the quality of the puzzle pieces, which don't lock together as securely as I would have expected given the price.  I do like the sturdy box, and the drawstring makes it easy to carry around.  As someone who has seen many puzzle boxes fall apart over the years leading to a mess of different puzzles stored in the wrong boxes, this is much appreciated.I would recommend this for any parent of a young child, there aren't many kids who wouldn't enjoy this one.
My little girl (almost 3) is really into animals right now and had a lot of fun doing this puzzle with me. She's still too young to really grasp how to put the pieces together, but we named the animals as we put them together and she tried to put pieces together. It is a nice size; big but not too big to have to crawl over it to reach where the pieces have to go.
Mudpuppy at the Zoo is a brightly colored attractive puzzle to engage young minds.  Puzzles are great for motor skills and problem solving, especially for young minds.My 2 1/2 year old niece loves puzzles, so Mudpuppy at the Zoo was an instant hit.  She is drawn to the cute animals and bright colors.  She still has trouble picking out how the picture goes together, but the shape of the puzzle pieces helps her to solve it.  She needs some help with the puzzle, so a 2 year age recommendation may not work in all cases.  But she learns teamwork and problem-solving skills.The pieces are a little thicker than traditional pieces, easier for smaller hands to grip and piece together.  Although it is still cardboard, the extra thickness makes it more durable.  The construction of the pieces is great and should last repeated puzzling, even with a toddler.  I would caution putting the puzzle together on softer surfaces like carpet or padded tables, the pieces are more likely to bend faster.  I especially like that it is made from recycled paper and nontoxic soy-based inks.I recommend this puzzle and this company to toddlers, or those who would supply them with puzzles.  Highly enjoyable!
The pieces to this puzzle are large and probably strong enough to be used a number of times, without being damaged by small hands.  The glossy picture was unusual at first but children like bright shiny things.Each piece seems to have a fairly distinctive part of the picture - like the trunk of an elephant or a penguin or polar bear -- which makes it very easy for the younger group, the 2 or 3 year olds, to put it together without struggling.  Any older and it is too easy.  Younger and it becomes more difficult to maneuver the pieces together;  plus the drool will probably wreck the pieces.I'm on the fence about this puzzle.  The children weren't really interested in it when I left the box on the table.  And yet, they all crowded around when they saw theDragon Nursery 24 Piece Floor Puzzle, even though it was too young for them.  They liked the big bold colors better.
Puzzles are new to us.  We haven't done much as a family, so I decided to give this a shot.  We've been working a lot on patterns and shapes, so I figured that a puzzle might be in order.  I remember playing with puzzles when I was little, but forgot that it takes a bit of an attention span.  My daughter is just not there yet.  We have yet to put the whole thing together.  24 pieces is just too much for her.  We've gotten a little more than halfway and then something distracts her.  I do like being able to teach how things fit together.  I'm hoping that when she is just a little bit older, she will be able to sit still long enough to get the rest of the puzzle together (she's just barely 2).One thing that I really like is the box.  It is sturdy and easy to open and close.  I remember puzzle boxes being really flimsy, so this was an excellent surprise.  It's also nice to know that if she sticks the puzzle piece in her mouth (which isn't happening nearly as much as it used to), it's not going to harm her.  I'm glad they advertise the soy paint products.  I guess that is why it is more expensive than most of the other puzzles I have seen.Overall, I think this is a good product, but probably closer to the top of the age group instead of 24 months.
I take my duties as an Amazon reviewer seriously, and I try to give my readers the best possible information they can get before they make a purchase.  With that in mind, I try to judge products on their own merits, rating them highly if they are good and poorly if they are bad.  However, if the product is not as a good as a common competitor, I just can't give it a full five stars.  This is where I find myself in judging this Mudpuppy puzzle.My kids love puzzles.  Our house is filled with all sorts of puzzles from 25 pieces to 2500 pieces.  We just completedDragon Nursery 24 Piece Floor Puzzleand had a blast with it.  In fact, it was sitting on the floor as we opened the Mudpuppy Puzzle.  Perhaps this was unfair, but it is a fact of the puzzle market.To start with, the Mudpuppy puzzle is a quality toy.  The pieces are thick and sturdy, with a glossy front and back that will make them resistant to drool and occasional food that may get on them.  They fit together nicely and have bright, vibrant colors.  The box has a nice carry handle made of rope, and the pieces fit in the box easily.  We have a Melissa and Doug puzzle the kids like, but it is hard to get the pieces put back so that the box closes.  That's not a problem here - the box is plenty big for the pieces to be put back by a kid.  The picture is nice - my 2 year old liked it, but my 5 year old thought it a little plain.  He preferred his Ravensburger and Melissa and Doug puzzle artwork far more.And there's the problem--Mudpuppy puzzle quality is similar to M&D;, but far below that of Ravensburger.  The Ravensburger pieces are just such high quality, it is hard to compete.  Plus, the Ravensburger puzzles cost less!So my review?  It's a great puzzle, quite possibly 5 stars.  But with Ravensburger building better puzzles for less money, I have to knock it back to 4, although my kids sure liked that rope handle on the box.
My 3 year old boy enjoys this jumbo puzzle.  The puzzle has 24 large, thick pieces which were easy to fit together.  The puzzle and box are sturdy, and the box has a convenient rope handle.  The box was free from cardboard dust and shavings.I thought this puzzle was comparable to the Ravensburger puzzles that we have, and it is certainly better than other brands that you can buy at local box stores.  As you can tell from the box, the animals are more cartoonish than realistic, but pleasant enough.  Both sides, even the back, of the pieces have a laminated finish so they should hold up well.  Recommended.
This is such a beautiful puzzle, filled with over a dozen different animals having a good time in their zoo. There's an added special touch: the box doubles as a tote, with a blue cloth rope anchored through small metal eyelets on each side.Regarding quality, the puzzle's soy-based inks are brilliantly colorful. The shiny surface of the puzzle will mirror surrounding light sources. The manufacturing process is noticeable, shown as slight bulges on several corners, but it doesn't detract from the fun. The pieces are rigid, but feel somewhat easily flexible. The tote-style box, as cool as it is, can be bent with little effort - mine actually has a couple of dents from the pieces jostling about from within during shipping, though I give the product the same rating I would give were the box perfectly shaped.If I had this as a toddler, I'd have loved this puzzle. I'm guessing a chunk of the cost is for the rope handle, but then again, that's one of this puzzle's two charming attributes; the other being the fun scene it depicts. Does it get any cuter than a penguin holding his nose as he drops, feet first, into the water? Only if there's an elephant giving a jubilant jaguar a bath on his back!
This was a very nice puzzle, the colors are bright, and the kids enjoyed putting it together. It fit well with their animal themed room and they enjoy pointing to the animals and making animal sounds when they complete the puzzle.  I highly recommend.
This "At the Zoo" puzzle has a busy zoo scene with quite an an assortment of animals including some babies, a few visitors, and a cotton candy and ice cream vendor.  The finished puzzle is 22" x 22" and it has 25 pieces that go together easily.  The pieces are sturdy cardboard with glossy stock on both sides so they can be wiped with a damp cloth.This puzzle is most appropriate for older toddlers and up who won't chew on the cardboard although they may need a little help from an older sibling or parent.  It provides a good learning experience before visiting a real zoo and offers the opportunity to teach not only animal names but the sounds they make, colors, counting, and the alphabet.The storage box is almost as much fun to play with as the puzzle itself.  It has a rope handle and and easy-open tab.  Put the puzzle pieces in the box, dump them out, put the puzzle pieces in the box, carry them around, dump them out--the little ones are easily amused!
What cute graphics on this puzzle! My animal loving girls (3 1/2yrs & 6yrs old) were immediately drawn to this one.Super simple for my 6yr old to quickly complete but PERFECT for my 3 1/2yr old to tackle on her own! It was just challenging enough for her to feel a sense of pride in completion. This is a great confidence builder for little ones new to jigsaw style puzzles.This was the perfect sized floor puzzle too and I appreciate the sturdy and appropriately sized box for storage.This one is a winner at our house and one chosen off the shelf more frequently than ourMelissa & Doug Pets Floor Puzzle - 24 PieceI'll definitely keep the Mudpuppy puzzles in mind for gifts..perfect for 3 & 4yr olds!
My 3 year old daughter LOVES animals, so this puzzle was a hit from the moment I pulled it out of the box.  The actual box it comes in has a nice flap top and it has a rope handle which makes it easy to carry around.  The puzzle itself is shiny cardboard.  The picture has great colors and is very bright. My only complaint is that the pieces didn't fit together easily unless you're on a perfectly flat surface (We tried to put it together on the carpet and we had a hard time getting everything to fit into the each other).  It's a fun puzzle and great for toddlers!
This jumbo puzzle is almost, but not quite, on par with Ravensburger products. I consider it equal to or slightly better when compared to Melissa and Doug products, which are also a high quality producer and probably the closest competitor.  Everything from the box to the puzzle pieces indicate a decent build quality.  The large puzzle pieces are rigid enough and made of quality material but not as thick as Ravensburger.  They do not appear coated like Ravensburger products either; though they have a glossy sheen. However, the manufacturer indicates the product is made with soy based ink, a non-toxic alternative, making it safe for those children that are teething.Usability was engineered for little hands and minds.  These puzzles teach basic problem solving logic and seem to thrill most kids I know, although they never thrilled me as a child. The artwork is relatively simple and should not frustrate children. The box provides a great storage place for the pieces and unlike traditional boxes, it includes a carrying handle.As other reviewers noted, the Ravensburger puzzles can sometimes be bought at a lower cost.  If this is possible, I would choose Ravensburger.  Otherwise, I believe this puzzle is decent quality and targets 2 to 4 year olds.  Older children seem to like Ravensburger given the choice.
This puzzle is full of cute animal illustrations, ranging from penguins to elephants to monkeys and peacocks.  The colors really pop to attract young children's eyes.  The large pieces are easy for small hands to put together, or take apart.
Loved the theme of the puzzle as I can teach my child about real life animals; definitely of educational value. The puzzle's quality is quite strong and seems pretty durable as it is made from a thick cardboard. Wished the puzzle came along with a 'trace-along' folded piece so that it can be easier for a toddler to manage on their own.Overall, a fun, educational and colourful puzzle for any child.
This jigsaw puzzle has colorful cartoon-like illustrations of animals, ranging from pandas, flamingos, polar bears and monkeys to penguins, turtles, lions, elephants, and peacocks.  There are even several children in the picture.  The colors are striking and it will be fun for kids not only to put this puzzle together, but to identify the assorted animals along the way.Gauged for children 2 years and older, the puzzle contains 25 pieces, which should make it a reasonable challenge for little ones without frustrating them or taxing their concentration span.  It's a fun activity for a cold or rainy day and one that involves motor coordination, visual acuity, and problem solving, so for parents concerned about having their kids learn while they're having fun, this item fills the bill. The puzzle can be enjoyed alone, with a parent, or with a friend.Packaged in a sturdy cardboard box with a cloth handle, the puzzle pieces -- when fully assembled -- measure 22 inches X 22 inches.  For kids, it might also be fun to play a "Where's Waldo" type game in which the child is asked to locate specific animals or objects.  My granddaughter loves locating objects in storybook illustrations, and she was just as focused on finding the toucan, the rabbit, and the girl with the camera in the puzzle picture.
When you are three-five years old, puzzles are either too babyish (ie. the shaped board puzzles) or too hard to keep your interest. This puzzle was just right for preschoolers. There are 24 large, sturdy cardboard puzzle pieces in the box to make a 22x22 perfectly squared puzzle. The cute zoo design keeps things rolling as kids enjoy each piece. The first time your preschoolers attempt the puzzle, it will take them a little more time. It can be a little frustrating to learn how to piece something together so I like to turn it into a game of seek and find. As one puzzle piece is discovered, I give hints about the matching piece. I will definitely be hunting down more puzzles like this one to help the kiddos graduate from board puzzles into more challenging kid puzzles. What a great way to stimulate growth in cognitive and motor skills! The only down side I could see is while the puzzle pieces are large (about 3-4") and sturdy, they are made from cardboard and thus can be bent and get creases when children step on them accidentally, or if the puzzle pieces are mishandled/mistreated.
This is a nice colourful puzzle, with a simple design for youngsters 2 years and up - probably to about 4 or 5 years. The 25 pieces are big; each is about 4" x 4". What is good is that the top edge of each puzzle piece is slightly rounded on the edges, which will help keep the picture from peeling away. However the pieces, themselves could be thicker, so that young hands would not be able to bend them so easily.The box is relatively solid and with care will last. Although, the cardboard `catch' to keep it closed starts to show signs of wear after a few uses. The cord is soft and makes it easy to carry the puzzle box.It does seem a bit pricey at this time, for such a simple puzzle.
If you're looking for a game to play after a big dinner & drinks, sitting around full & sleepy on the couch, look elsewhere.  This game requires standing and walking about.  It also requires a crowd willing to try something different and be a little uninhibited.If you're looking for something fun to do either as an ice-breaker or a family game, this game can be really fun!  We played it twice over Christmas, with a crowd of 10 - 12, aged 10 - 75.  Everyone enjoyed it.Basically, there are mardi gras beads which are shared out equally.  And there are cards with a bunch of challenges on them (find someone with a nose smaller than yours, make someone look at their shoes, catch someone asking for help, get someone to refuse to massage your shoulders, etc). Every person has 2 cards - when you have played one you discard and pick another. Everytime you successfully play a card (complete one of the 3 tasks on it), you take a necklace from the person you 'played'.  (There are also a few extra cards like Go Crazy - e.g. spin around 10x and take 2 necklaces from the person of your choice.) At a pre-established time the game ends, and the person with the most necklaces wins.  It's less confusing than it sounds-- it's difficult to explain.NOTE:  Before we tried it I didn't understand how you could ever 'play' someone  -- they know you are trying to get them to do something from your card so as to steal their necklace, so why would they do it?  BUT there is a rule that everyone must answer all questions honestly (e.g. Do you have a tattoo?  Have you been to Disney World in the past 5 years? etc).  Also SOME tasks are to get someone to REFUSE something (so you don't know if someone wants you to take out the trash, or if they want you to say no), and also some tasks are just about seeing someone laugh, or finding someone shorter than you, etc.NOTE 2:  The game doesn't get repetitive quickly, as there are many cards, and each of them has 3 choices of tasks -- so someone could discard a card without anyone in the room ever hearing what 2/3 of the tasks are.NOTE 3:  It says 13 and up but anyone who can read can play; it's not like the questions are at all 'adult' in nature.BOTTOM LINE:  Fun for the right time, the right crowd.  Needs people with energy and a good sense of silly.  I would guess that the ideal amount of players would be between 6 - 10.
I really get a kick out of Mardi Gras and while this game does not come close to the experience of New Orleans, it was fun to mix it up playing this game while making some tried and true Mardi Gras drinks with friends at a party.  Hurricanes and Mud Slides were tied in with this game and fun was had by all couples in attendance.  This is an inexpensive way to give a jolt to your Mardi Gras celebration!  Fun!
Party Gras is an excellent ice breaker for medium size groups looking to network. I see this game more for for Work or Corporate gatherings than for casual family game nights.  I found some of the interactions anti-climactic for groups of people who know each other already although there are enough choices that the overall game is fun.The theme of Mardi Gras (thus the name Party Gras) comes solely from the glitzy beads that are the tokens in this game.  A player draws a card with tasks and wins colorful beads which are the currency.  The players wander around the room and make contact with others attempting to get missions accomplished and win additional beads for the challenged target person.  Samples of some of these theme assignments are:Mind Control  -  Make someone say the color of a strand of beads you're wearingMake someone turn up the volume of the music or TVTalk it Out -  Find someone who ate candy todayFind someone who doesn't have GPS in their carCaught in Act - Catch someone thanking someone elseCatch someone making plans for laterThere are a few Challenge cards - Challenge another player to a staring contest.Have another player guess how many fingers  you're holding up behind your back.My problem was with the Go Crazy Cards - I found them a bit distasteful for many groups (with the exception of boy scout troops or frat parties) For instance you are challenged to stand in the middle of the room and do the "Hokey Pokey" by yourself or pretend you're a dog, get on all fours and raise your leg on at least three other players.  There are just too many groups that this is downright inappropriate for.  Of course you can always remove the offending cards before the event (and hopefully get all of them removed).All in all, I think it's a pretty good game although for what you get it seems a bit overpriced.  If you need more beads you can always dash off to your local party supply store & get fist fulls for a few bucks.  The people I played with all said they had fun and would certainly look forward to playing again.
Disclaimer: I am reviewing the product, the programmable Rover, that was offered to me for free through the Vine program.Unfortunately I never received the product! The package must have gotten lost in shipping. So I'm sorry but I cannot review the actual product, as much as we were looking forward to trying it.However, now Amazon Vine is changing their policy so I am required to write a review, even though I never received the product in question. So I'm sorry but please disregard this review...
This is a fun toy, easy to use and it provides hours of entertainment.  My daughter has always wanted a robot and this one is totally awesome.  She is a self-proclaimed nerd and loves electronics.  This robot would be a great gift for the techie nerd in your life as well.
To be honest, my 11 year old says it's worth 4 stars, but I think it's closer to 3.  She seems to like it quite a bit and has spend a considerable amount of time reading the book and programming it all by herself.  It records her voice and she can have it say various things depending upon the program that it is running on at the time.  Her dad recorded a very authoritative "DO NOT ENTER" command while the robot was performing guard duty.  She's having a lot of fun with it and that's basically what it's made for but there are just a couple of areas I consider a bit undesirable.It's loud.  The motor is very loud so it would be impossible to sneak up on someone unless they're asleep.It's slow.  It takes quite a while for it to traverse 10 feet.The panel on the front is a sticker with pictures of buttons on it placed over some sensor buttons in the plastic.  I'm sure it will wear through after a while.It takes 3 C batteries to operate.But!  It's fun.  It comes with a 5 foot long plastic tape measure in metric and English units to accurately measure out distances for programming, and the owners manual is very well done with lots of information and grids for planning your robots various programs.  Plus it has a built in cup holder like-thing and it can carry small items from one place to another.  It brought me a piece of candy.  I thought that was very nice!  It's a cool toy...if I was a kid I'd love to get one!
I have three kids, and there are a lot of kids that come in and out of this house.  Pretty much every kid is attracted to this toy at first, but many kids move on quickly.  However; the older kids that are electronically oriented love this toy.  My 12 year old nephew, in particular, couldn't get enough of this.  He programmed it to bring a treat to the dog, to bring a drink to his dad, and the pacifier to his brother.  He plays with it every time he comes over.  I love that we have a toy he is interested in that isn't a video game.  I definitely caution you to heed the age warning, it takes a fair amount of attention span and desire, but for the right kid,  it is perfect!
The Recon Programmable Rover is a robotic-looking unit that runs on 3 c-cell batteries that are not included.  What is included besides the actual rover itself, is a tape-measure & lengthy instruction guide for use when programming the rover to do things.After installing the batteries, you will have to program the unit by following instructions in the manual.  You'll enter voice commands into a recorder and basically learn how to measure distances and paths and send your rover on "missions."My 15-year-old daughter had some fun with this unit and didn't seem to mind spending the time it took to program the rover, besides all the measuring that is required when choosing a path or mission.As another reviewer mentioned, this unit is slow moving.  Also, it cannot climb over even simple bumps in the floor, (we have a place where the wood floor changes to tile & there is about a half inch step up and the rover fell over backwards trying to move onto it).Overall, I find the rover to be cute & I acknowledge that it requires users to program it extensively, which is educational to some degree, but I don't see this toy getting much attention after a few sessions of lengthy programming.  The suggestion that you can have it go get you a snack is pretty absurd.  Basically, you can program it to go to a certain spot and if someone is there - and has a lightweight snack to put in his little metal rack - and that person programs him to bring the snack back to the sender or to the home position - if applicable - that's how the snack retrieval idea came about.  It's not exactly a time-saver.  I think having a remote with this rover would be ideal for things like that.This item might be a good gift idea for a child that has a lot of patience & doesn't mind playing alone, programming and experimenting with it.  Otherwise, I see this toy getting dusty on a shelf pretty quickly.
Robots will no doubt become a big part of society, they will do tasks that we deem to be too dangerous or Dirty and the ReCon 6.0 is a very good toy to get your kids started in learning how to program Robots and see the results of their efforts.  I would recommend this for children between the ages of 8-12 years old because it does require a certain amount of discipline in math, problem solving, spatial awareness and programming so it's win win toy!My only complaints would be the lack of a Remote control, it would be nicer if the code could be edited without accessing the Robot at ground level and it would be nice if it also moved a little faster.Overall I find this to be an extremely educational toy that will make a child more interested in what is sure to be a huge job market area in the next 20 years.
This is a good toy. The book that comes with the toy is pretty good at explaining how the critter is programmed and even my eight year old could figure it out by looking at the book.  The voice recording/playback function is amusing and adds to the fun.It works just like it is advertised to.  It seems sturdy enough that it won't be broken easily.  It is even kind of cute.  Sometimes the toy will sit for a long time without anyone playing with it, but then sometimes my eight year old will get it out and spend hours playing it.It's a good toy that teaches the basics of programming.
In addition to the three size C batteries, you will need a little phillips head screw driver to open the battery door, a roll of masking tape or painter's tape to mark out squares on the floor and a bit of patience.I was running out of patience by the time I ran to the store for the batteries, struggled with the little twist ties that bind the toy in the box and realised I didn't have tape in the house.The initial set up got to a slow start. You are to program the robot to travel forward three feet, then reverse. He has a mind of his own. He walked in circles at first. Then continued to go forward with no reverse. We had to turn him on and off a few times just to get the basics started. He walks slowly and your soda will be warm by the time he brings it back to you. We sent him for a dog treat, but our mastiff barked at him like he was a lion and refused to got near the biscuit.Our ten year old friend is a quiet, patient kid and he had a blast reading the book, measuring the distances for the missions and it kept him busy for a few hours. The younger 5 and 6 year olds bailed out quickly and whet to the Just Dance Wii game for faster action and more noise.It's a nice little toy for the right kind of kids. I'm thinking for 3rd to 5th graders.
We own several Scene It games and have enjoyed them as a family to varying degrees; my kids (13 & 16) love them, and the adults find them amusing in brief doses.  My 13 yo, in particular, wants to play long after everyone else has lost interest.If you've never tried a Scene It - it's a pretty straightforward board game along the lines of Trivial Pursuit (i.e. you roll the dice and get a certain category of question) - except that most of the questions are in the form of video clips.  The rules may seem somewhat complex the first time you play, but they're easily learned. Especially by kids.This particular Scene It incarnation is primarily about newer Disney flicks; it's for the younger kids (maybe ages 5-10 would like this best).  I agree with reviewers who state that this game is for those kids who (through the magic of DVDs) have watched and rewatched the newer Disney movies ad nauseum.  My teenagers found it interesting once, but they don't want to play it again; it's too young for them.One problem with it's skew towards the youngsters is that it does need someone old enough to read to play along... and older kids would likely be bored.  One thing you could try, which my kids often do with other Scene It games when the rest of the family isn't up for a full game, is to just sit, without the board, and constantly play the 'my play' or 'all play' video clips and compete to see who can get the answer first.  That's an easy short way to enjoy the game.BOTTOM LINE:  It's exactly as advertised, another Scene It game (so don't buy it if you don't like Scene Its), with it's focus on Disney - particularly (as the box would suggest) newer Disney (so don't get it if you don't have young kids).
We got this for the family before our first trip to Disneyland (we've been to Disney World several times, but never Disneyland).  It was a fun way to get into the spirit and see Disney hidden gems that we had missed before.  Not being the biggest Disney movie fans out there, we didn't fare very well in the game, but we all had fun.  This was also our first Scene-It game, but I think we'll get the Star Trek one now, since that's more up our alley.Another positive for a family game is that you can play this in about 30 minutes.  This isn't a marathon board game that sucks all the fun out of the game over the hours (I'm looking at you Monopoly!).  Its just right for a family game.
I like the Scene It games pretty much. The premise is similar to a Trivial Pursuit type of experience, but with 2 changes. One, all ages can play (with an older helper to read, use the remote, etc.) and two, the "questions" sometimes involve watching a "scene" (hence the name Scene It!!) and answering questions about that.The kids think that the dvd part is amazing! They love watching the scene and trying to guess what the question might be. I think it is kind of cool myself! Still, sometimes the game gets slightly long for younger children. My family does have fun playing this game, but it is one where you don't want to immediately play over again when it is done.
WE had a little trouble getting the disc to play right in our new Blu ray player.Fortunatley they had some alternative directions to start play with this issue.This is a great updated Disney Addition to the Scene it famiy.Easy to maneuver through te menu and options.  Fun for all ages and genders.
I would say that I'm too old for a Disney Scene It Game (I'm 21) but the truth is this is great entertainment for anybody of any age who has seen a goodly number of Disney movies (who hasn't?)  The card questions range from easy to challenging and DVD video trivia questions come in similar levels of difficulty.  I brought it out over the Christmas holiday and had the family gather around the TV and we all had a great time shouting out answers and seeing who knew Disney best.  Since there was about six of us I put the DVD game on Party Mode which requires no board or remote really and just runs by itself, asking questions about sound clips, video clips, identifying characters and still images and puzzles and much more.  This was a blast and by far the best way to play the game.I did try doing the actual board game though, where you roll dice and actually try to move your token to the finish line.  After a while I got used to it, but even once I managed to juggle the remote and figure out what roll meant what and move the piece and keep score there was the issue of being complicated.  Still, it might be a thrill for a small number of youngsters (4 players max) who enjoy incorporating DVD technology with oldschool board games.A third way to play, I found, was to simply ask the card questions that require no DVD and are formatted very similarly to the questions found in the game Trivial Pursuit.  With no official rules other than tally marks on who gets the most answers correct, I found this method to be the most rewarding because you can play at your own pace and throw out any repeat questions.  As a fine accessory which eliminates the "shout out" issue, I purchasedEducational Insights Eggspertwhich allows 6 players to "buzz in" to answer questions so there's no conflict over who shouted the answer first.  It made the game all the better.Overall, I have positive feelings about the Disney Scene It game.  Since my family is full of Disney fanatics we had a great time spotting the classics as well as the more recent Pixar and Disney movies.  Unlike some of the other scene its I've played (90's, sports, general movies, etc) I think it's the most age friendly in that anybody will be able to answer plenty of questions and not feel dumb.  For Disney fans, I'd say it's highly recommended.
My daughter and her friends love Twilight and she was very excited when "Scene It? Twilight Saga Deluxe" came out. Scene It? games are always great fun at parties and this one is a huge hit for those who love the Twilight series (we played and enjoyed Disney: Scene It? DVD Board Game quite a bit as well), but I honestly never have any chance at winning since my daughter and her friends have seen every movie and most of them have also read the books.The set includes a game-board, DVD (you need a TV and DVD player or PC capable of playing DVDs), trivia cards, "Fate" cards, dice, and metal game pieces.This is a very engaging game that really gets the players involved since there are so many interactive elements.Recommended for fans of Twilight!CFH
I guess it was because I told the boys that girls liked Twilight because Edward was the 'perfect' boyfriend....but after that, my teen boys, 14 and 15, started studying the Twilight movies like they were some magickal text.  They swear that they HATE Twilight, but couldn't wait to dive into this game when I got it.The game is hard, but it's fun for them, and I play it too. I  really liked the books, and I'd think I'd have an advantage, but I don't seem to, as I never win. There's a lot about character names.  I'm bad with names.  The puzzles include putting the scenes in order. I really like those.There's a short version and a long version.  The short version takes the 3 of us an hour.  It's a well made game.  Our biggest complaint is the narrator's voice.  It is supposed to be "Carlisle" from Twilight but it just sounds like, as my son puts it, "Some guy sounding fake English."I've had it 3 weeks now, and it's been played 5 times.  I've no doubt when we have company it will get pulled out again.  This would be GREAT for slumber parties.
Well, if you or someone you know is a big Twilight fan then the new Scene It? Twilight Saga Deluxe game will probably be something you, though maybe not your friends (depending on how much they enjoy Twilight) will love!  Ironically, a couple of months ago I saw the original "Twilight" Scene It? and though "They should make one including all three movies!"  Then, well, a few weeks later, there was an offer for one on Vine, and I'm like, "Heck yeah!!!"The only other Scene It?  I have played was the Harry Potter one released after "Goblet of Fire" came out, about four years ago, and I enjoyed that one a lot, though I do have to say, I made a clean sweep on that game, and although I know Twilight just as well as I know Harry Potter, I did not fare quite as well on this game as I did on that one.  Still, both games were extremely fun, and the replay value is fairly good on them, though twice as many trivia cards would be nice.Set up for the game is a no brainer, everything comes as is, meaning, it needs no assembly, so in that regard its easy for kids.  As for the game play, if you are familiar with Scene It? then you know that it is a DVD based game, the game plays movie/sound clips and things like that and you have to finish lines or guess who it is, and other various interactive things, as well as being a straight up trivia game with cards and normal trivia questions which have separate question categories for each movie.I found my favorite part of the game was the straight up trivia questions or the My Play and All Play, as I am pretty good at finishing the line or guessing who said what and things like that.  I didn't particularly find the puzzles all that challenging (with the exception of the memory game, that one I failed every time at, so it was quite challenging in that way at least), and found myself wishing there was like a jigsaw puzzle or something.  I also didn't find the "Special" All Play anymore challenging than the regular one, but maybe that's not the point?  It would have been nice if the question was more challenging because I won in one guess once I made it to the end, and trust me, I did not win all the regular play alls.Not a perfect game, but it is fun, the only thing that make make it a more re-playable game is a multi-level  system that has an "easy", "normal", or "hard" option?  Though, probably mixing them together is good so its more fair game play if your not playing with people of all the same play level (in terms of Twilight movie knowledge).  Enjoyable game and really fun to play in a group with people who share your love of Twilight!God Bless ~Amy
Scene it? Twilight Saga Deluxe is a fun game for the whole famliy. It will be more fun, however, if you have watched the movies. There were a lot of different scenes not seen before so that made it more fun. The game is very engaging and would recommend it for 10+ as well. I played this with my daughters, and do plan to get more Scene it games in the future.
My friends and I are huge Twilight fans so we could not wait to play this game.  I previously purchased the New Moon boardgame which was dissapointing because the questions were really easy and the game was not all that fun - so we were really hoping that Scene It would fullfil our desire for a fun Twilight Game - which it totally did!  The game plays like a typical Scene It game with both DVD questions and questions on the card.  There are two dice included - one with numebers and one with pictures of the different challeges.  It can also be played on half of a board - or you can expand the board for more players and depending on the amount of time that you have.  The only complaint that I have about the game is the board itself - it is flimsy and did not unfold into a flat position so the game pieces would not stand up.My friends and I really enjoyed this game - the questions were challenging which made it really entertaining.  It contained a ton of clips from all 3 movies.  There are also bonus features on the DVD such as Party Play - which is just continuous questions with no stopping.  We had so much fun with this game and can't wait to have our next Twilight Night.  Definately pick this up if you are a fan of the series.  Please note that the questions are all based on the movies and not the books.
Each holiday season the Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer stop-motion animated special holds a special place in our household--both for our five-year-old son and his nostalgic parents.The new Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer DVD Games does a good job in turing the enduring TV classic into an interactive experience that really is fun for the whole family.  Considering it comes fromScreenlife, the same folks responsible for the popular Scene It games, it's not surprising that the hybird board game-DVD game formula works as efficiently as it does.Incorporating characters and footage from the original '60s special, the game version adds a new chapter to the Rudolph story--a powerful storm has resulted in scattering the Misfit Toys throughout the North Pole and Santa needs help to collect them all in time for Christmas Eve.  The object of the game is to race around the board and collect them all before the nasty Bumble the Abominable Snow Monster gets to them first.  The first player to collect three different-colored Misfit Toys before Bumble collects any six toys, is the winner.In other words, standard board game m.o., but where things get fun is whenever the roll of the die takes you to a Misfit Toy Token.  Then you use the DVD remote to access one of the nine entertaining mini-games, which can be anything from  picking which character you think will win a sled race; to questions related to movie clips from the original special; to Santa Sing-a-longs where you find out how well you remember the words from those catch original Rudolph tunes.Our five-year-old, who usually doesn't have patience for board games, really enjoys the DVD component--he's at the perfect age for most of the puzzles.Aside from a couple of board/DVD menu layout quibbles mentioned in other reviews, we really enjoy playing this game--and being able spend some quality--as well as thought-provoking--time with Misfit Charlie-in-the-box, Misfit Spotted Elephant and company.
This is a pretty fun Christmas game to play.  If you have played a SCENE IT game before, you'll already know what to expect.  I'd recommend it.
The Rudolph the Red Nosed Reindeer DVD game was a bit tricky to understand at first but once underway it made for a great evening of family fun.  My 6 year old son was excited when he saw the box and after a bit of setting up and explanation we were able to get into the game.  The game essentially has you rolling dice and moving around a game board.  In order to collect tokens you need to answer questions on the DVD.  Most of the questions are geared for young children so there is more fun than critical thinking involved but enough difficulty to keep adults interested.  The game play is approximately 30 minutes.  For the price this is a great game that that young kids will really enjoy.Positive Points Include:- Easy to understand and play (after the initial setup)- The questions are a nice mix of easy to understand and fun- Game time is just right where it is short enough to be fun but not too long where it becomes boringNegative Points Include:- Kids need some parental assistance with the DVD and setup- Not a lot of replay value after a few sessions- DVD instructions are sometimes not in tune with what is happening on the game board
This game is definitely for the kids. When we played along with the kids, we didn't think the game was all that great, but the kids absolutely loved it. They were really excited to play it, and got really into the game especially when "Bumble" was on the move.-- Fun for all Ages? --We played it with a 3 1/2 year-old and a 6 year-old. They both loved it. And have played it many times. We have to play a long because they don't know how to operate the remote to the DVD player correctly.Some kid games are lots of fun for adults to play as well; that's not quite the case with this game. A few of the very repetitive phrases are irritating once you've played it for a while.-- Technical Problems with the Game --There were also some quirks in the game. Once we tried to select the Reindeer Games item on the screen and it just wouldn't work! Another time, the game got stuck and we couldn't do anything and had to start over. We've had the problems on two different DVD players.Once we selected the right answer from the screen and it said we got it wrong. It also counted incorrectly the number of toys that Bumble had collected.Those problems were pretty frustrating.-- Overall Assessment --Overall, the game is for kids, and since the kids love it, that's a pretty good sign for the game. I wish as we as adults played along that it were a little more fun and that the technical problems weren't there, but again, it's a game for kids, and they like it a lot.
Rather than stealing Rudolph's family, in this game, Bumble decides to steal the misfit toys. It's up to players to rescue the toys before Bumble gets six of them. Going around the physical game board, when a player lands on a toy in one of four different sections, s/he gets to play one of nine different mini games on the included DVD, randomly chosen. If successful, that player wins one of the misfit toy tokens (needing to eventually win three out of four different colors). The games are a mix of extremely easy to slightly challenging. This helps add to the ability for children through adults to play. One (Sled Race) requires a guess, so that all ages have an equal chance to win it. However, anyone who has watched the film many times will find four of the games easier to play than those who haven't, and adults will generally have an advantage over younger players. The games include identifying the voice of a main character, making a correct match (a memory game), and guessing which box Charlie is in after it has been shuffled about. The mini games are entertaining enough that it would be nice to be able to access them alone on the DVD, without having to play the board game, or be able to choose which ones to play--but you can't.As players proceed around the meandering board in any direction, the DVD keeps track of Bumble's whereabouts. Once he's in a specific one of the four regions, he's going to eventually steal a toy from it. The DVD keeps track of Bumble's toy robberies, but even if Bumble wins the game, the DVD shows a clip from the movie that says he is reformed, so there's no unhappy ending.Overall the game is fun, but there are some things users may not like as much as others. The most obvious is that the main story has been altered, and it doesn't fit in with the movie's plot. The process of gameplay is a bit unnerving at times. For example, a player might be told to put a toy token in a specific region, only to be asked to remove it in the same turn. There is a lot of set-up and maneuvering of game tokens in between most turns. The narrator's voice is a little irritating and his instructions and the animations can seem repetitive. The biggest drawback of the game and DVD combo, however, is that the layouts don't coincide with one another. The layout of the DVD menu shows the regions in this order: Great North Mountains, Elf Toy Shoppe, Reindeer Games Playground, Santa's Castle. The board shows them in this order: Santa's Castle, Great North Mountains, Reindeer Games Playground, Elf Toy Shoppe. This makes play a bit awkward as players attempt to find the corresponding space to select on the DVD menu.Despite a few little drawbacks, the board/DVD game is still fun. We plan to play it each Christmas season.
One of our Family's Favorite Holiday Traditions, besides the great get-togethers for family, food and gifts is watching many of the darling animated Christmas Shows every Christmas Season. We love them all, to name a few- A Charlie Brown Christmas, A Year Without A Santa Claus, Santa Claus Is Comin' To Town, Jack Frost, Frosty The Snowman, Nestor The Long Eared Donkey and especially Rudolph The Red Nosed Reindeer. When I saw this new Rudolph the Red Nosed Reindeer dvd game, based on one of our favorite animated Holiday television shows- I just had to try it out! Our family has spent many Christmas' playing a game of Monopoly, checkers or cards later in the evening just for family fun after all the talking, eating, watching Christmas Shows and opening gifts. This Christmas game will be nice for the younger children!This Rudolph The Red Nosed Reindeer Dvd Game is actually a board game with dvd interaction. You can play with 4 players-Rudolph, Hermey, Clarice and Santa Claus or with more people- in pairs. You are actually playing against the other opponents to collect 3 of the Misfit Toys First to win the game, but also to get 3 toys first before the Abominable Snowman Bumble finds 6 of them. You roll a die and walk around the board where the dvd tells you exactly where to scatter toys. When you land on a toy, you get to play a mini game. If you are successful in winning the  mini game, you get a toy. It looks and sounds easy until you start playing the game! Several of the adults in our household played the game to try it out and some of these mini games are quite challenging!The 9 different mini games seem to have quite a few different ones and the categories are: Movie Clips-where you view part of the film and answer a question; Sled Race-where you try and pick the winner of the sled race; Concentration-match a pair after viewing several pairs of characters in a grid- reminds me of the old Memory Game; Charlie-In-The-Box-Charlie gets shuffled and if your eyes can follow the box he's in, you have to guess when asked (reminds me of the old Shell Game); Santa's Sing Along- guess the words from the film's songs; Toy Sorting-guess which box of toys contains the most from the group on the shelf; Present Pop-Up- Watch the toys pop out of the boxes, then see if you can answer a question about what you saw; Bumble's Cave-you have to guess the voice of the person who's hiding inside the cave; and Santa's Memory-guess a detail from the film.  The game takes about 30 to 45 minutes to complete and the dvd keeps track of Bumble's every move and found toys. When our 4 adults had a hard time guessing the winners of the race and not being able to remember where the matches are in the Concentration Game, we knew this is a game that the entire family will enjoy.This is an absolutely darling holiday game that the children will have fun playing and I'm going to make it even more exciting, by having little gifts filled with inexpensive little candies or items for the winners!
This is the classic Etch-A-Sketch toy that I remember so well from childhood. In today's hi-tech world (where an 8 year-old often knows more about gadgets than I do), it's refreshing to see this simple, fascinating toy available.
iPods and iPads and electronic toys are fun but there is nothing like the classic etch-a-sketch. No batteries and it just works. My preschooler loved making a picture and shaking to erase it like magic. My unit had a spot that would not fully erase. It isn't super noticeable, but the screen is not perfect. Like all toys made these days, it feels "cheaper" than the original, but it is still a lot of fun and a must for any house.
I've enjoyed Etch A Sketches since the 80s.  My children also love this toy as well.  The marvel at how just turning the knobs creates a picture.  It's one of those toys that can occupy a child for a nice stretch of time.Our previous Etch A Sketch met it's demise when a guest stepped on it and shattered the screen.  Thanks to the protective film on the screen, the glass stayed contained within the toy.  Prior to the mishap, our Etch A Sketch began to have issues with the silver material that is inside the toy leaking out at the knobs.The newer Etch A Sketches don't seem to be as well made as they were many years ago.  Erasing the design seems like a bit of a chore with the amount of tapping and shaking you have to do to eliminate ghost images of the previous sketch.  With the older Etch A Sketches this was not an issue.Other than my few grievances with this toy, the Etch a Sketch is still a lot of fun and is a great classic toy that doesn't require batteries, just your creativity.
Our boy doesn't have the patience to use it for a sustained amount of time. Never the less it still teaches hand and eye coordination.
Loaded Questions is a great game, with the right group of people. Four people is just about perfect; six makes the game last a very long time as well as more difficult to guess who said what. Some of the questions are a bit odd - we just choose a new card. With friends who know each other pretty well, the game's hilarious. (Some of our funniest moments come from misreading one another's handwriting.)Initially, the die is somewhat confusing - you roll to see what question to ask, and move according to how many answers you guess correctly. We're considering making a spinner for the next time we play and ignoring the die entirely. Friends we've played the game with ask frequently to play again and spend a lot of time planning who we should recruit to the next game. Recommended.
This is a great party game that asks people to guess who answered a question a certain way. More than 6 people can play at a time. In fact, this is not a great game for only 4 people because you may already know the players well and it won't be difficult to guess who said what. The game states 4-6 players, but it's a much better game with more people.
This game is really fun if you play it with friends/family you know well.  There's not much point playing with people you don't know.  You  have to try to guess who wrote which answer, so knowing your friends' likes, dislikes and pet peeves is a must.  However, if you all know each other too well and are completely honest, the game is actually too easy.  I play games twice a month with two games groups with a lot of overlapping members, and we've all heard each others' stories a hundred times.  If we play honestly, it's way too easy to guess who wrote what.  We've taken to lying or coming up with never-disclosed facts about ourselves to make the game more fun and challenging.This game has some similarities to Apples To Apples and Cards Against Humanity, if you like those.
My family finds this game to be pretty fun and entertaining.  When you read the instructions and hear how the game is played you'd think this game would be quite simple.  You may think you know people well enough to know who's answer was which but it's amazing to see how often you may be wrong.  It's nice to have a game where there's no wrong answers.  Just creative, personal responses that can give you many laughs and things to talk about.Although it says for ages teen to adult, my 12-year-old daughter and 10-year-old son don't want to miss out on any of the fun so they play too.  Maybe once a game there may be a question or 2 that's a bit over their head so we'll skip it and draw another one but they can keep up for the most part and even win many times.The game states that it's for 4-6 players but I'd say 7 or 8 could play as well.  You'll just need to find them a game token such as a salt and pepper shaker or something like that.  You could have any number of people truly but the more people you have the harder it's going to be to narrow down who wrote which answers and it could make the game drag on.  3 players truly wouldn't be enough because then you'd have a 50/50 guess as to who wrote which answer.My family enjoyed this game and I would recommend it.
The game itself is very easy to use, you really don't even need instructions. You have your bunnies and cards, you draw a card and your bunny hops how many spaces the card says. You spin the spinner and if your bunny is in a hole they fall under the hill. Whoever gets to the top of the hill first is the winner.My only pet peeve with this is that there is really not enough cards. Wish they had put a few extra cards with the game but it does keeps the kids entertained.
We made the switch to Ravensburger games a while back after realizing how much better they are put together than their American counterparts.  Yes, all the games are different and cannot be compared evenly.  However, once you buy a Ravensburger game, you'll note how much better detail and craftsmanship is put into it as opposed to a traditional Mattel/Hasbro boardgame.UNBOXING:Included in the box is the bunny hill, 16 game pieces, 24 cards and instructions.REVIEW:The bunny hill with carrot is extremely well put together.  It's sturdy and seems like a hefty "board" for the game.The bunnies are not your traditional basic colors (red, green, blue, yellow), instead going for a sort of Easter pastel pallet (pink, lt blue, dk blue, yellow).  But they do have detail--eyes, nose, ears, hands and feet are all distinguishable.The game is rather simple--choose a card, move that many spaces, get to the top of the hill.  If you pull a carrot card, you spin the carrot, and someone's bunny falls into the hill and starts over.  It's kind of like a 3D mix of shoots and ladders with candy land.The spinner does have a pattern to it, so if you only click the carrot once per card, eventually your brighter kiddos will realize who will drop.  However, that only detracts from the game in a little bit, since you never know who will be on what space or when the carrot cards come up.OVERALL:I agree with the reviewers who say that there aren't enough cards.  Twenty four cards only gets you six rounds with 4 kids playing.  And shuffling only can get the cards mixed differently so many times.  However, I don't mind watching our kids continue to have fun with this game, and they don't mind playing--it's one of the games that continues to be asked for by our youngest ones (they like falling bunnies).  I think I'll start using that dice idea given by one of the other reviewers though--great idea!  I highly recommend this game.
I admit until this month I had never heard of Ravensburger games, so when I saw Funny Bunny my mind immediately thought of Easter. We have 3 small children in our house, so board games are a must for family night. Our kids often aren't a fan of some of the more classic kids games and don't find them very engaging. While this game was very easy to figure out for some reason our kids have been having a blast playing it. In an unusual twist they did not want to put it away when we were ready to be done playing, and came up with some of their own rules and kept playing until it was time for our bedtime routine.Well built, and a lot of fun for the kids, it is even educational on top of everything else. I know they will be getting it off the shelf quite often.
This wasn't exactly a huge hit when my nephew came over. but, like all Ravensburger products, it is well made and sturdy. Although this wasn't the best match for my family, I think others will enjoy it.
My daughter is under the recommended age level for this game at 2 years old, but she loves it.  I've really grown fond of the Ravnsburger game line.  They are fun, but a lot more educational than a lot of games on the market. This game you can use to teach counting and colors while having fun together as a family. It is simple, but very fun to play.  My two older daughters are 9 and 11, and while this game doesn't hold the same educational and entertainment value for them, they still have fun playing with the younger one and in general as a family.
As the mother of a nine-year-old daughter and a three-year-old son, I've played many an educational game and the bottom line is that many of them are anything but fun for parents. However, Ravensburger games have proven to be the exception to this rule every time. While I didn't like this game as much as some of the other Ravensburger games, I do think it's a fun counting game for young children.The idea is very simple: whoever gets one of their bunnies to the top of the hill first wins. Each player gets a total of four bunnies, and they can have as many bunnies in play as they want. Players take turns drawing cards. Some cards show a bunny with stones at its feet, and the player moves one of their bunnies the same number of stones up the hill. Other cards have carrots on them, which means the player turns the carrot at the top of the hill. Every time the carrot is turned, holes open up in the path and, if a player's bunny is standing on a stone that disappears, their bunny falls into the center of the hill and is out of play.The shifting nature of the holes takes this from being a simple counting/race game and makes it one that requires a little bit more strategy. Does it make more sense to save bunnies in case a player loses one, or do they want to have more bunnies in play in an effort to give them an edge in the race?As with all Ravensburger games, this one is very well constructed. Though many of the games have wooden pieces, this one is all plastic. However, it's a very heavy-duty plastic that is sturdy and seems capable of standing up to lots of use. Unlike with many cheap, flimsy plastic toys available on the market nowadays, this one obviously uses good materials. The cards aren't as sturdy (thik a deck of playing cards), which is a bit of a disadvantage. If they were too sturdy, they would be difficult to shuffle, so I think the design makes sense, but the cards aren't likely to hold up against much abuse.Still, all in all, this is a good game--so good that we not only have one at home, I also purchased one as a gift for another child.
This is a fun and easy game.  Our 3 and 5 year olds really enjoy playing it.  It is simple to teach and simple to play, but also entertaining (my kids are tickled anytime a rabbit falls into a hole).  Each player starts with 4 bunnies of a color.  Players take turns drawing cards which either have you move your bunny 1, 2, or 3 spots or have you turn the carrot in the middle which moves the rabbit hole around the board.  The object of the game is to get one of your bunnies to the center of the board without falling into the shifting hole.My only complaint is that I wish it had more cards (you go through the deck quickly, especially if you are playing with 4 people), so we didn't have to shuffle so many times each game.
Funny Bunny is a simple & entertaining game that should appeal to little ones and which manages to be fun for parents & older kids too.  The gameboard is a plastic hill with a spiraling path of spots leading to the center, where a protruding carrot awaits and marks the end of the path - and victory for the first player whose bunny gamepiece reaches it.  This carrot also serves another purpose, as it can be twisted to open up spots on the gameboard.  If your gamepiece has landed on the spot that opens up with the twist of the carrot, it falls through and disappears from the board and is eliminated from play.  This unique means of eliminating player pieces is what puts the "fun" in Funny Bunny.Gameplay is simple, with each player taking turns drawing a card which either advances that player's piece forward 1, 2, or 3 spaces or which has the player give the carrot a twist.  The suggested age range of 4+ is appropriate, though we've found that on those occasions when we play this to include our almost-four-year-old daughter in playtime the rest of the family enjoys it too, including 7 year old big brother and mom and dad.  Twisting the carrot and anticipating which bunny will drop through the hole and out of sight is actually quite enjoyable.  There isn't much strategy involved, though players have a small amount of decision-making in choosing which of their own 4 bunnies to move during their turn.  Little ones will use basic skills like turn-taking and counting, and will also use a bit of their motor skills when twisting the carrot.Overall this is a cute game that little ones will enjoy and which provides some fun for the older members of the family too.  Make no mistake - this is a simple game aimed at young kids, but the novelty of the disappearing bunnies is clever and gives this one broader appeal than other games aimed at preschoolers.  The board and pieces are cute and sturdy too, and I expect they'll last through as many kids as you need them to.  Overall a fine choice for gaming families that want to include their preschoolers and offer some fun to the older players too.
Funny Bunny is a durable fun game for children ages 5-10. I played this game with my 3,5,6 year old grandchildren. The object of the game is to be the first to reach the carrot at the top of the hill. Each player picks a card to move the playing piece a designated number of spaces. The bunny pieces land on "holes" which may collapse if the carrot is turned (indicated by a card). The bunny that reaches the top of the carrot first....wins!  There really isn't any skill or memory involved,just luck. But there is plenty of action to delight the younger children. The directions indicate that a ten year old would enjoy the game. I don't know about that; it certainly was action-packed for the younger age group.
This game reminds me of a games I used to yearn for in the Sears Christmas Wish Book. It was called "King of the Mountain."The play is simple and though there are some setbacks for the players, it's a game of chance and each player has an equal chance of winning -- though you can choose which marble to move on your turn, so grownups might want to assist very young players to avoid the obvious "fall" spaces and which of the marble moves that would gain the best advantage.Basically, you move around the little plastic mound by drawing cards. Some cards have a carrot on them, which means that player can rotate the carrot at the top and change around where the little holes are. If your marble is on a hole, it falls in.The player to reach the carrot wins. We like to keep playing to see who comes in second and third.Very cute, very easy to set up, play and put away.
Ravensburger Funny Bunny seems like the perfect non-edible Easter gift for your younger kids.  It also seems like a natural for your young animal lovers and bunny fans.Pros: The game is sturdy - the mountain the bunnie climb is solid and the carrot turner can hold up to repeated use.The chance of falling through a "hole" when the carrot knob is turned delights the younger kids (ages 3 1/2 -5).The game is a simple game of advancing up the hill and perhaps dropping through a hole and having to restart.Cons: The fun for the kids is having the bunnies in jeopardy of falling through a hole and this is entirely by chance andthe odds of this happening are reduced if the hill/mountain isn't full of bunnies. Some kids move all their bunnies out,others just one (the only real strategy to the game).Neutral Points: This game is meant to be fun for KIDS, not so much a family game.  It is a game you play along with and enjoythe little ones having fun OR teach the little ones the rules and let them play! There is little educational value but it is fun and does offer socialization skills (taking turns, interactingwith others).Overal, a solidly constructed game that you will pull out when you have groups of kids over and they will play but your kid will age out of it in a year to 18 months, so keep it in a place where it will catch their eye and get repeated use while they are of an age to enjoy it.
This is a nice, easy to learn game for the younger set.  Two of my grand- children have been playing this game for some time, and seem to enjoy the game.  The game is easy to learn, durable, relatively inexpensive and sturdy enough to last a reasonable length of time.  The concept revolves around being the first to get a juicy carrot to the top of the hill.  The idea of the game is to hop over some holes and to race to the top.  Like many toys today, it bears a "Warning:  Choking Hazard." This should be kept in mind, when youngsters are playing with friends.  The game seems to be a little more on the expensive side, but most new toys like this bear similar pricing. Generally a fun game.
My 3.5yo son really likes this game and understood the directions pretty quickly. As an adult familiar with board games, it's actually a bit confusing at first to not count EVERY space when you move your piece (if a bunny is on a circle, you don't count that space when you move). It makes sense in the course of the game as there's no way two bunnies can share a circle, but I can see it possibly confusing kids if they're playing other games where you don't skip spaces. That said, the game is fun, though it can get VERY long if all your bunnies keep falling through the holes. Also, you need more cards. In a short game you need to shuffle at least 2-3 times. No, it's not a big deal, but how hard would it have been to include more cards? I like another reviewer's suggestion of using your own die with nail polish markings for the CLICK card.
I have a 5 year old daughter and a 7 year old son who both love to play games.  Usually they prefer to play electronic games but my wife and I make them play board games regularly as well.  Funny Bunny was easy for them to figure out, they can play together without an adult to ref. (unlike Monopoly) and they actually seem to have fun doing it.  The reason I gave it 4 stars is because they like Monopoly, Chutes and ladders, and Yahtzee better.  Overall though, this is a fun game that I find myself playing occasionally with them.  Highly recommend for young kids.
My grandkids love this game. They laugh until they almost make themselves sick. Choose the color rabbits you wish to play with, pick a card that will either tell you how many spaces you can move up the hill or to spin the carrot. If you spin the carrot, holes will randomly open up and if a bunny is on top of that space, it will disappear into the rabbit hole. The first bunny to make it to the top of the hill and to the huge carrot is the winner. Everytime the rabbits fall into the rabbit holes the kids laugh hysterically and I think they enjoy that more than reaching the finish line and winning. No reading is required, so this is a great game for younger children and once they get the hang of it, they can play by themselves. I do think the game is more for ages 4-8, but it is such a fun game, everyone should enjoy it. The best part is no batteries are required.
Funny Bunny is a fun game for children (boy or girl) 3-5 years old.Each player gets four 'bunnies' and the goal is to reach the top of the mountain. The cards tell you how many spaces to move, but you have to be careful. If you get the 'carrot' card you have to turn the carrot and a hole may open up under one bunny. The goal is to keep as many bunnies as you can and make it to the top of the mountain.We had a blast playing the game, though the older child (7) did get bored after a short time. Not so for the 4 year old. He loved it.Funny Bunny is great for the younger set. While not educational or imaginative, it will bring the family together for a fun evening around the kitchen table.
This game has a lot going for it.  It is sturdy and cute.  I like that it has a few different steps, picking the cards (number of moves), turning the carrot and moving your bunnies up the hill. The kids liked when the bunnies fell in the holes, which occurs when you turn the carrot and it opens a hole in the "mountain"...it never got old!  You can easily change the rules a bit, and make the game go faster or slower by changing the number of bunnies each player has.  I think by time a child is 6 or 7, they might tire of this quickly, but for the three and four year olds that we had playing, they didn't get bored for a long time, and have asked to play on several occasions.  This is also reasonably priced, a good choice for the preschool set.
Note: The box says 5+, but the Amazon description mentions 4. The game requires simple counting and color recognition skills, so choose accordingly. As long as an adult (or helpful sibling) is on hand, even a 3-year-old should be able to join in.I like to give Ravensburger games as gifts because they are always so sturdy, and this one is no exception. Kids who like Candy Land will do fine with this game, and parents will likely enjoy the change of scene from the lollipop world.The unique format of the game, with the rabbit holes and the cute bunnies, may also encourage kids to simply play with the pieces and the "board," which is another plus. Do note that if all 4 of your bunnies fall down holes, you're out of the game, so keep that in mind for little kids who get upset easily.The only thing I don't like about the game is the price. When you get invited to the birthday party of every kid in the preschool class, $15-$20 a pop adds up pretty quickly. However, at least with Ravensurger you know that you'll get a game to last long after the kids outgrow it. Just hang on to those little bunnies!
I got this to play with my 3 year old even though the minimum age is 5.  I tried playing it with her it was a little bit of a challenge.  As a game, overall, it's cute.  It teaches minimal counting skills (up to 3).  You also have a risk factor in play (will the bunny 'drop' in the hole with the turn of the carrot?).  The directions weren't as clear as I'd like them to be though and I'm not quite sure where the name "Funny" in Funny Bunny came from???  Overall I liked it.  My next step will be to take it into my classroom and have my gifted kindergartners play with it.  Until my update, I suggest a purchase of it.
We had 3 children ages 2 through 7 playing this over the holidays. It is pretty easy and the older girls didn't mind helping baby Jack (age 2) get started. He got the hang of it pretty quick. He didn't quite follow the rules, but that is ok too, he got to practice his counting skills and felt included in the fun, even though the recommended age starts at 5, he was fine with it.Not sure how long it will keep their interest as it is not very challenging, although it is cute and they seemed to enjoy it.  The box says for up to 10-12 years of age but realistically seems geared for younger children than that.  If you have kids that are easily intimidated by games or want to make up their own rules as some others have suggested, it does allow them to use their imagination for that.
My child is five years old and loves games. This was another great addition to her game collection. While not as advanced as some of the other games she has, this one is perfect to play with her younger cousins. She feels like she is the "knowledgeable" one of the bunch.It's a very cute game and the concept is easy to pick up on. Much like games in the category of Candy Land and Chutes and Ladders. Pick a card and hop. The fun part is when the bunnies fall into the hole which is opened by the spinner. Much like the Chute or the Go Back in the other games I mention. Again, same concept just different direction. But this game is more 3 dimensional instead of just a flat board game.Very enjoyable for children and you don't have to sit there with them to play it with complicated rules that they GET but sometimes don't remember.Counting is required. It is also very durable.Recommended for fans of Candy Land & Chutes and Ladders. Not the most educational game on the market, but this is perfect for passing the time and giving the children something to focus their energies on.
Funny Bunny plays likeCandy Land, where you draw a card and then move a certain number of spaces.  In this game, it's up a hill toward what my kids dubbed the "king of the mountain" spot.  Every few cards one comes up that twists the board, opening a new bunny hole and any bunnies that are on that spot fall in.  And, like Candy Land, the first player to land a bunny at the end wins.While Funny Bunny is recommended for ages four and up, probably because of the small pieces, I think two to three is a more likely crowd.  While my 6yo was quickly bored by the game, my 3yo and her 2yo cousin love it.  Ravensburger did a solid job with the pacing of this game, where the twists come often enough to keep little ones excited and anticipatory, but not often enough to really affect the game much or frustrate players.  Having a bunny fall in the hole in a game seems like 50-50 odds, but losing more than one bunny in a game is pretty rare.The board itself is a pair of plastic overlays with a one-way clicker.  Older kids can probably turn the clicker the wrong with without much effort, which will break it, so I'd make sure they know not to.  The bunnies themselves are slightly smaller thanFisher-Price Little People, which is the only reason I can think that the game isn't recommended for younger than four.  The cards are lightly coated and fairly cheap, so they're likely to need replacing after a few months.  That said, if the kids at that age ruin the play cards, they'd be just as delighted to make some new ones themselves during arts and crafts time - it's just some cards with one, two, or three carrots and a few twist cards which they could easily make on somebusiness card stock- 3yo's are fun like that!
I was pleasantly surprised with this game. I had never even heard of it before, but I noticed that many reviewers gave it high ratings. I got it to give to my brother's children (5 and 7), and they seemed to love it! The game looks like it is high-quality and durable. They seemed to figure it out pretty quickly and played it quite a few times. I am thinking about getting another one for our family.
My 4 and 6 year old really loved this game and played it over and over again the moment they opened it!  It is easy to play for this age group and perfect for their attention span.  The object of the game is to hop on the spaces all the way up the hill but if someone draws a click card, you have to turn the carrot and holes open up along the hill so you may loose a bunny in the hole.  The kids really loved that effect!  The first one up the hill wins.This game is durable but the bunnies are kind of small (too small for toddlers) but all in all it is a fun game and a perfect gift!
The premise is pretty simple - get a bunny to the top first. One picks a card, moves the allotted number of spaces (one or two) or twists the carrot (if a carrot card is chosen). Twisting the carrot causes holes in the hill to move, potentially plunging your bunny through the hole. It's very simple and makes a great first game for a preschooler. I would say the upper age limit on this game is about 5 or maybe 6.  My 4 year old likes it well enough. It's not her favorite, but it's a cute game for our collection. Ravensburger makes a lot of really great products, this isn't really their best. (Our family's favorite Ravensburger game isRavensburger Make N Break Junior - Children's Game.)
I gave this game to my 6-year-old niece and she loves it! We have played Funny Bunny several times and she really enjoys trying to figure out the best place for her bunnies. It is a great rainy-day game. I definitely recommend it for kids 4-8. Entertaining little game!
This is a cute game. My fojr year old son loves to play bunnies. His darling 9 year old sister is nice enough to entertain him once in awhile. He learns counting and colors, she learns a bit of patience and teaching skills. Very nice addition next to our small collection of board games.
I like the simplicity of this game and how long it takes to play. Young kids tend to lose interest in games that take too long. This is a nice short game and simple to understand. The unfortunate part of it is that the branches are not easy to get in. They go in easy at first when there aren't many other branches, but after a few it becomes increasingly more difficult. I think hive shape of the top add to this, but it doesn't ruin the game. I do like the game and I'm glad to add it to my kids game collection.
This is basically a ker-plunk game played with bees and a bee hive... but still it's very fun and colorful. My wife uses it at school with her kids and they love it. It's easy to set up and use... and the kids the mechanical aspect of setting it up and letting it all fall down.
I thought this was a rather cute and endearing spin on the classic "Kerplunk" game.  (It definitely doesn't win any points for originality).  The game is well-made and nicely designed.  It does take a while to get all the leaf sticks through there, and once you get down to the last five or six, it's rather tedious to get them in properly.The bees are cute, and add an extra element to keeping them up or making them fall than plain marbles.The one thing we didn't really like was that the instructions state to turn the trunk of the tree for each player's turn, so if they get any bees, they fall into their well.  Well, the thing is full of bees, and it's really difficult to turn the trunk, and that takes more time than anything.  We ignored that bit of instruction after a few turns, because it was just ridiculous.  It doesn't rotate easily enough to do that every turn.  Also, the wells in the "meadow" base aren't big enough to hold more than a few bees.  What we ended up doing is just rotating the whole unit and keeping our bees in front of us on the table.So the wells are basically useless (half the time the bee comes shooting out over it anyway) and the instructions to rotate the tree trunk are clearly given by people who haven't even tried to play the game, but other than that, we found it to be a fun and enjoyable game to play for our family game night.  It's definitely great for smaller kids too, as it's not too difficult to play.  My seven-year-old son loved it.Also, it does come in a nice, sturdy box, but once you've unpackaged everything, there's no way to organize it within the box.  You kind of just end up dumping it all back in.
Honeybee Tree  is a cute game.  The packaging is cute, the play parts are cute, the bee's are even cute.  I say this straight off because this is truly an easy game to like, especially from a child's point of view.The package contains a tree with a bee hive on top, a bunch (about 30) branches for the tree, and 20 "bee's".  To set up the game assemble the two part tree - the tree serves as the play board, shove the branches through holes in the bee hive at the top of the tree, toss in the bees.  The branches serves as "stops" that keep the bees from falling through the hive, through the tree into a receptacle at the bottom of the tree.Game play is kind'a like pick up sticks, each player withdraws one branch at a time trying to NOT let the bees tumble down into the receptacle.  One after another each player continues to pull the branches out until all the bees have left the hive and fallen down.  Each keeps tract of how many bees he/she has "freed".  The winner of the game is the player with the fewest bees.The game is actually a lot of fun for four to eight year olds.  Our child wanted to replay, and replay, and replay.  Plus, when we stopped playing the game the parts of the game became incorporations into other "games".  The bees guarded a castle, the tree became a hiding place for a "Little People" character.  I think the six year old had even more fun playing with the bees and tree with her other toys than she had playing the Honeybee Tree game itself.The one down side is that the setup for the game takes about five minutes between sessions.  Sticking the branches through the tree is simply a time consuming task.  And it takes a coordination that may be beyond the ability of many children.  But the overall utility of the game is worth the effort.
My kids (1 and 3) had tremendous fun with this toy, but it is very power-hungry.  We'd change out the batteries and one week later it would be flat again.  The surge of air that pushes the balls out just takes a lot of power.  Other than that, it's great fun.  The music isn't too annoying, and my kids loved chasing after the balls as they shot out of the toy.  I'd instruct your children not to peer into the ball shoot, however, as my daughter twice has gotten tagged in the eye as the balls came out.
The Busy Ball Popper is something of a rarity in today's toy market - it's unapologetic fun that makes very little attempt to teach anything at all.  As long as you understand what you're getting, then it's great.Our son gets a kick out of watching the balls loop through the machine and into the air;  he gets an even bigger kick when the balls bounce wrong and rebound throughout the room.  It's a mini-workout chasing after them, but it's worth it to see him enjoy it so.I agree with other reviews that the unit could be easily tipped over, but the last time I checked, the easy solution to this problem is to supervise your child.  Trust me - you'll have as much fun as he/she does watching the Ball Popper at work.  But again, this isn't suitable for any pull-up or lean-on activity.The fan motor that propels the balls is about as loud as a hair dryer on a low setting.  However, the music snippets make up for the white noise as they're better than most toys.  The balls themselves are very lightweight in order to allow them to travel;  as a result, they are likely too fragile for play beyond the Ball Popper.Again, the Busy Ball Popper is a lot of fun and does what it's intended to do very well.  It's not educational (get something LeapFrog) and it's not a pull-up toy and it's not trying to be either.  If you go in understanding what you're getting, you won't be disappointed.
I bought this toy in 2004 for my then 7 month old. Since then, it has been a constant fixture in our playroom. Now, it is great fun for our 11 month old son. In fact, both of them play together.It is quite durable, able to withstand heavy play for almost 4 years now. The batteries have been replaced only 3 times. The top yellow tray will come off with rough play, but we have had no other problems.As with all noise-making toys, if you cover the speaker with some clear packing tape, the sound will be muffled but still audible.I highly recommend this toy for ages 6 months to 5 years and maybe beyond.
This is the fourth Ravensburger puzzle that I've put together. I'm not sure what else I can say about them. They make a good, sturdy product with a slightly insane level of difficulty (though this one isn't as bad as some). I like that the pieces have a good, solid feel to them, and on aesthetic level, the picture looks just lovely, as it does with all their products.So if you're looking for a good way to kill some time, get this!
The Ravensburger puzzles can't be beat, in my opinion. The puzzle pieces fit together beautifully and so far, I'm never in doubt as to whether or not the piecesgo together. These puzzles are cut very nicely. This puzzle shows a beautiful scene in Holland, I believe. It's a puzzle with variety: greenery, water and sky. If you're looking for a puzzle that's made to last a long time, look for the Ravensburger brand.
Ravensburger makes some of the best puzzles and games on the market.  This puzzle is no exception.  It is attractive, well made, and fun to put together.  The puzzle is a picturesque view of Holland, complete with windmill, canal and beautiful landscaping.  At 1000 pieces, I would describe this as intermediate in skill level.  Great puzzle.
The quality on this puzzle is very good, you can tell as soon as you take it out of the box that the pieces are thicker than other, cheaper puzzles.  I like that it has a canvas type look to it when you are finished also.  My only complaints, when we first took it out of the box, the blue on the back of the pieces rubbed off on our hands, it was easy to wash off and only seemed to happen the very first time it was opened.  Also, I had some seniors working on this puzzle and they thought the pieces were on the small side.  Otherwise, I think it's worth it to pay a little extra and receive a durable product.
When we put together a puzzle, it's usually a puzzle we want to keep together. So, we are always on the lookout for good products that help us accomplish that purpose.We used Puzzle Conserver on a 1000 piece puzzle. We used three light to medium coats, and the puzzle seems to be holding together just fine. It definitely is not stiff and still needs a full frame. But, I don't fear losing pieces between now and when we can get the puzzle framed.My biggest complaint is in application. Unless the conserver is applied very thickly, it does not show up white. That makes it very difficult to determine where conserver has been applied and where it hasn't. Keep in mind that I tend to apply such things in a very systematic manner, but even it was almost impossible to ensure a smooth, even application. When I did apply it thickly enough for it to show up white, I had even more difficulty making sure it was an even application. And, the white tint did not remain very long - it switched to clear in the earliest stages of drying, typically before I had finished applying that coat.If I intend to preserve multiple puzzles or projects, I would definitely choose Mod Podge over this Puzzle Preserver. But, for an occasional job now and then, especially when preparing a puzzle for a frame, this Puzzle Preserver works just fine.
Once I get a puzzle finished, I usually frame it.  I use a foam paint brush and polyurethane finish.  It has always worked well.  When I found the Puzzle Conserver by Ravenburger, I thought I would give it a try.It is less messy than the brush/polyurethane and the applicator doesn't drip.  Apply a bit of pressure to get the liquid to flow and rub it over the puzzle.  Allow it to dry and you have your protective finish.  Be sure to get it into the "joints" of the puzzle pieces as well.The instructions say to rinse the applicator under running water but I found that you needed to squeeze the applicator as well to remove the residue so it didn't dry in the sponge and prevent you from using it again.
I tested this conserver out on a cheap puzzle just to get a good idea of what it was like.Make sure you shake the bottle well. I purposely left a spot kind of bubbly just to see if it would dry smooth. It does NOT! (as I'm sure most of us suspected) You need to spend time smoothing it out. Even the spots that I worked at smoothing out dried a little "smeary", but from a distance you can't tell. You also need to work at getting it in the cracks.It dries quickly. The bottle says to wait about an hour for drying. It also recommends using the whole bottle within 12 months for best results, so it does last a decent amount of time.Overall, this is a decent puzzle conserver(coming from an amateur puzzle conserver).
With glue for puzzles I can at least see where I'm putting it.  With this spray it was a bit harder to tell.  It also has a bit of a strong odor to it (so you might want to make sure you are in a well ventilated room).  Otherwise it held well and worked perfect for the puzzle.  There is more left (although I'm not sure there is enough for 4 1000 piece puzzles.)
This Ravensburger "Puzzle Conserver" is easy to use and works as expected. We typically build two or three good sized jigsaw puzzles a year and have sealed a handful to use as wall pictures in my kid's room using "Mod Podge", but this is convenient alternative since it has a nice foam applicator and a glossier finish.Using this is very straight forward, first build a puzzle, then place plastic wrap or wax paper under the puzzle, then shake the bottle well, thoroughly cover the puzzle using the foam applicator, being sure to get into every crevice (goes on milky, so it is easy to see where it needs to be added), and then let dry of an hour or so. It will dry clear and will provide enough rigidity to the puzzle to allow it to be moved and framed. It is best to rinse out the applicator with water right away to prevent it from becoming sealed since the bottle can be used for several puzzles.This works well and is convenient to use!Recommended!CFH
Overall, I am very pleased with this product.  It works as described.  I especially like the extra glossiness that it gives to the puzzle.
Sometimes it's good to preserve a 1000 or 2000 piece puzzle that took a lot of effort to assemble.  This Puzzle Conserver is easy to use: (I covered the table with drop cloth to prevent any spills and stains), shake the bottle well, dab the sponge tip on the puzzle and let the adhesive flow into the crevices to securely lock the pieces together.  I've already used it on two 1000 pcs puzzles.  The 200ml bottle is sufficient for four 1000 pcs puzzles; just make sure to apply the adhesive gently and evenly, then rinse off the sponge tip with water after every use.  The puzzles dry clear and are ready for framing!
The Puzzle Conserver by Ravensburger does exactly what it is supposed to do - give a permanent hold to a finished puzzle.  I like the foam applicator though you have to work at getting the product into the "cracks" of the puzzle.  I also like that the product goes on white and dries clear - that way you can see where you have applied and what areas you might have missed.  I found that for a larger puzzler (1000) it took a couple of applications of the product to hold.  Also, it is a bit pricey compared to other alternatives.All in all a good product which does what it claims.  I would recommend it but I would also suggest that you look at less expensive alternatives depending on your project and budget.
Ravensburger makes some of the best puzzles known to exist, so I was eager to try out their Puzzle Conserver.  My family loves doing puzzles together, but the ones we do are typically about 50-500 pieces at max.  In order to properly try this conserver, I decided to buy a 1000 piece puzzle and put it to the test.  I found a beautiful artwork puzzle from the Jewish Museum,Mizrah Decoration for the Eastern Wall Puzzle, and proceeded to assemble it in hopes of putting this puzzle conserver to the test.First, if you intend to build a puzzle to frame it, I highly recommend you pick the frame out first and have the cardboard back ready.  You should not build the puzzle directly on a table.  I discovered this the hard way when I was done with my puzzle and ready to glue it, and reading the instructions on the bottle I realized that the glue would seep through the puzzle and glue the puzzle to the table if I didn't put something under it.  I slid some paper under my puzzle but lesson learned - build the puzzle on the mounting surface.As soon as you shake the bottle vigorously, you realize quickly that this conserver is a lot thinner thanMod Podge CS11202 Original 16-Ounce Glue,  Gloss Finish, the classic glossy conserver that kids have used for years to preserve their artwork.  The bottle itself is sealed.  There is a sponge on top with a dispenser tip inside of it.  Turn the bottle upside-down, push the sponge against the puzzle, and the conserver will saturate the sponge and can be applied to the puzzle.  It goes on foamy and slightly white, but turns clear quickly.  Since it turns clear so fast, it can be hard to tell where you've applied it and where needs more conserver.  You then proceed to move the sponge up and down the puzzle, pushing it down to release more conserver as you go.The first coat was rather thin and dried fast, but I found the whole puzzle wasn't really sticking together.  I proceed to apply a second coat an hour later, and it worked much better.A few notes - you wanted to be careful you don't damage the puzzle with the sponge.  The truth is that a brush dipped in Mod Podge is a little safer than the sponge, especially for a lower quality puzzle.  You want to be sure to use the sponger to smooth out the bubbles because they will dry in place as bubbles.  Also, when you are done, clean the brush under running water or it will dry hard!The finish of the conserver was quite nice - it brought out the color in my puzzle and really made it pop.  It is glossy, and unlike Mod Podge, there is no matte version.The finished puzzle is like one solid piece of cardboard, but I'm still going to frame it and not try to hang it on its own.Overall rating?  I give it 4 stars - the thinness makes it a bit easier to apply quickly than Mod Podge, but also seems to give it less strength.  For a large puzzle, this could be a nice tool for preserving pieces as you go along without having to get out a brush and paint.  It's a good product for the casual puzzle conserver.  If you get serious, I recommend trying out Mod Podge and a brush and seeing which you like more.
This is easy to apply and dries clearly. I had always put my puzzles back in their boxes when I am done with them, but I thought I would give the puzzle conserver a try. Ravensberger puzzles look fantastic when preserved by this glue. Be careful to put a disposable surface underneath the puzzle before applying the glue, as it can seep through.The applicator is easy to use, and should be rinsed to keep it working. I have only done a five-hundred piece puzzle so far, but it still feels like I could do a few more with it.
This puzzle conserver is a must have for any puzzle enthusiest! My 9 year old daughter loves to do puzzles and was very excited when I showed her this. It is easy to use and dries quickly. What a great way to keep your hard work preserved!
This is one of the easiest to use products you'll find. The instructions are common sense and printed on the bottle. But wax paper under the puzzle, apply the product making sure to fill the joints. Apply again if needed. Wait an hour until it dries. Done. It's basically a bottle of specialty glue with a foam applicator, much like you'll find on shoe-polish. It works well. You could also use as project glue where large applications are needed, or just as a sealer on water-fast products (ie, not water colors or ink jet prints!)An adult can remove the cap easily - a child would have some difficulty - that's the point.  The product must be used within one year of opening.
If you have ever built large format puzzles you know how much fun and time it takes to make one.  This is a very good way to preserve it.  The way I used it was to get a cardboard backing from Home Depot, assemble the puzzle on the cardboard and use this glue on the top.It was not as much messy as I had earlier thought and dried up nice
My daughter loves this toy and uses it a lot.  We got this for her when she was 16 months old and she is now 2 and still enjoys it.  I personally am not thrilled at the purple cow.  I wish they would have kept all animals true to real color, but oh well.  My daughter gets really excited when she makes a match, and she also loves the song it sings.
My 2 yr old loves to play with this in the kitchen. It keeps him busy for just as long as I need to make dinner or empty the dishwasher. His 5 yr old sister joins in the fun.This is a good addition to the ABC one that I have had for years and years!
We have several LeapFrog prducts, so we knew they would make great gifts for friends. When this went on sale here, I knew it would be a perfect Christmas present for a friend's child.What I like about it: It doesn't have a million magnets (like the alphabet ones). It incorpoates both matching and animal sounds into one toy. The main part secures to the fridge with a strong magnet. It plays a silly song when you put together two wrong animal parts. When we got it, the child we gave it to was 16 or 17 months old; now she's two, and she is still loving it. It's a fun toy for friends to play with when they come over. It also sings a song and rewards the child when they make a match, which is good too.I think almost every child loves animals and farms, which makes this the perfect toy. I would recommend it for your child or for a gift. It's a great product all around. Seriously love it!
We have had this toy for awhile and out of the Leapfrog toys it is used the least.Matching the animals is fun for awhile but after the kids get that one down this becomes pretty boring. Even though it would not compliment the farm motif I think more animal matches like lions, rhinos etc. would have been a nice touch to keep the kids interested.Also, it is LOUD. The low setting is plenty loud. The high setting I can hear on my bottom floor when my DS is playing with the set in his 2nd floor bedroom.I'd prefer to use the Baby Einstien's DVD to teach the kids farm animals.
I played this game with my James, we are competitive but not jerks about it so games like this are good for our brains!You have all these pieces of colored wood, a timer, cards depicting various ways to stack those pieces. You get a certain amount of time to complete as MANY cards as you can in that time. It is not easy, and in between you must bust apart your creation and start again..if you have a hard surface that gets so loud!It makes you have to use your hands quickly, as well as your brain to understand how the cards want you to set up, I could see people using this as a therapy.
We have one child (age 9) so we got the full version (not Junior).  The game is easy to learn and pretty fun. It is great for hand-eye coordination, fine motor skills, sensory awareness, etc - would be a good game for an OT to have.  There were some mildly irritating things about the game.  If you read Debra's review, where she explains why she prefers the "junior" version, she pretty much nails it. It feels more like "solitaire" and it is boring for the person who is waiting their turn. The timer is loud and annoying.
I'm not sure how much fun this would be for a group of adults playing, but I played this game with my 6-year old son and absolutely loved it. You role the dice which has a 1,2 or 3 and you have to set the timer to the number you role. In the time you have, you turn over cards that have pictures of formations using the colored blocks that you have to recreate. Some cards are colored and you have to use the correct colored block and some aren't colored and you can use whatever color you wish. The formations on the cards vary from relatively easy to very complicated and you have to put the formations together as quickly as you can and then try to do another.This game is absolutely outstanding for a young kid. I have a son that is addicted to videogames and I'm challenged everyday to make sure he uses his mind in different ways. "Make 'N' Break" is perfect for this. It not only teaches him to associate colors and shapes, but to stack them and build them with speed. It teaches eye-hand coordination, mixed with speed and most importantly observation. In a short amount of time, you have to observe, and do it correctly.This is a perfect game for my son and I. Although I found that it made things fair to not role the dice and give him 3 on the counter everytime, and me just 1. I've had this game for about a week and I think we've played it everyday but one.
I've recently become a fan of Revensburger games. Make 'n Break is a good edition to the set of games we already have, such as Castles of Burgundy and Seeland.Make 'n Break is a puzzle game where you have a card with a design that you build with the blocks included with the game. The timer starts, you draw a card, and build as fast as you can to complete as many cards before time runs out.The cards show easy to difficult designs that are either colored to match the bricks or are without color. If you get a later type of card you can use any brick to build the design, otherwise your structure must match the colors. They also have designations so you can make an easier and a harder pile. This is useful if playing with less experienced players (probably kids) to level the playing field. This worked well when we played with my four-year old.The bricks, or building blocks, are sturdy and of good quality.Before you are done, each other player has a right to object if they feel you didn't get it right. There is a lot of room for house rules here. If you see an error, do you wait until the builder is done, or tell them right away? On one of my rounds, I had an easy fix, but started knocking it down prematurely, and had to rebuild it when it was noted that I had two blocks swapped (it was a color matching card.) There is also no penalty to a player who says the structure is wrong when it is right, perhaps to slow you down. Again, house rules are good here. I would hope this wouldn't be an issue with this game, though, as it is a test of yourself, and not a game of trying to mess up the other players.The only thing I didn't like about the game is the tokens they use for score keeping. They come in values of 1 and 10. I would prefer they came in 1 and 5. It would make for a less chaotic stack of point tokens and easier trading when you have enough for a larger token.The tokens, however, have nice holders in the box, so if you don't 'follow the rules' and put them in the center of the table, and keep them in the box, this makes the whole situation better. The box on a whole, as well, contains everything nicely.I had a lot of fun with this game. It is fast paced, simple to learn, and provides a challenge. It is fun for young and old alike, and provides fun practice for cognitive and motor skills. It makes a great filler game too to add to your game collection.
Like most Ravensburger products that I have experienced, this game is very good quality. The simple concept of this game make it easy to learn even for the younger players. I played this game with my 6 year old daughter and she was able to pick it up and hold her own with the older players. I think it is an excellent game for teaching attention to detail (on most cards you will need to stack the blocks in a certain pattern with specific colors in specific spots). It definitely gets the brain working while having a lot of fun. I would recommend this game to anyone who is looking for a fast paced, semi-educational game the whole family can enjoy.
This game requires a die to be cast which varies the amount of time a player has to complete builds utilizing brightly colored wooden blocks, according to randomly drawn cards. The blocks are all the same shape and size, and the builds are relatively easy to get correct, but the time limit only permits so many cards to be copied in a given turn. Don't attempt to build on a rug, even if it is low pile! A flat, smooth, surface that doesn't wiggle is best.Some cards have very simple structures to be copied: such as orange placed vertically over horizontal dark green with a yellow rod on top to make a sort of capital I. Others require all ten blocks to be included and these elaborate builds earn more points. Color cards must be followed to the letter-for instance, the dark green and light green must not be confused. Black and white cards give the builder freedom to use any color blocks, but at least one builder found that to be MORE of a challenge! This game was very fast to learn and engaged players form age 7 to adult. If competition seems unbalanced, I would suggest the simple modification of always giving the most able player the lowest timer setting and/or the least able player the highest timer setting. The educational value is obviously in spatial relations and the game is quite durable, with the possible exception of the mechanical timer, which might not hold up over time.
This is a simple to learn, fun game for the whole family; especially, if you handicap the older, more experienced folk.There are 10 different colored, rectangular blocks.  From a stack of 80 cards or block designs, you're given a structure to build in about a minute or so.  A push button timer allows one of 3 options of time based on the role of the die.  It emits a nice grating buzz as time escapes you, and you attempt to complete your building and as many as possible.  You get points for success, doled out in tokens of 1 or 10's.  Each player gets a turn and after 4 turns, the one with the most points win.Simple enough.  The cards have various shapes of varying degrees of difficulty.  Some require that you build it according to color scheme as well as design.  Eats up more time.It's a game our whole family plays.  It states ages 8-99, but our 6 year old plays as well as our 8 year old, and you can handicap the more capable players by separating the cards into 2 piles bassed on a color code and difficulty.  The instructions also provide a version for expert builders, like me, where one can pass or reject cards to other players and force them to deal with it.We like it a lot.  One does get better with practice fairly quickly.  Just like when we were toddlers!
Ravensburger usually has some great games, so I was excited about getting this game for my game-loving 6 year old.  (And although it says 8+, it's really fine for the younger crowd-- he played with another 6 year old and her 4 year old sister without much problem.)  The game is kind of simple but has a lot of potential-- the builder gets a card and has to recreate the picture that is on the card, and he gets a set amount of time to do it.  The cards can be pretty easy to make with the blocks, but they get harder, and children might struggle to get their "building" to stay up.  My son has also has enjoyed playing a more "solitaire" version of the game, and either using the cards to make his own towers or to see what he could build on his own.  If your child has frustration issues (mine does), they might get upset if their buildings fall down, but that is part of the fun of the game.  All in all, a good addition that can be fun for friends and family.
My kids (10 and 7) love legos and they love games. They also love building things.We were really excited to try this one out- to see if it is challenging enough for the adults but not too hard for the 7 year old.The basic premise is that you have colored blocks. You have a set time to try and build structures with the blocks from a picture card. The successfully completed structures earn points, which accumulate towards winning.We enjoy playing it, and I think the idea of making 3D structures from pictures is a really important skill to learn.Pros: Lots of cards and two levels of play means that you rarely repeat a structure.You can modify the game for different players of different levels.Cons: If you are good at it, you're good, and if you're bad, you're bad. There's not much chance involved, and not much acquired skill.Overall I think we will keep this game for a while.
This is a nice game.  All the pieces are sturdy and should last a long time.  The box has a plastic tray that perpetrates all the parts when you put it away.  Th rules are simply.  Because there are two sets of varying difficulty of cards and an element of luck concerning time to build the puzzle, people of all ages can play together.It is a simple game that is fun to play.
Make 'N' Break is a good game for children and adults.  However, it feels more like an activity than what is traditionally viewed as a game.  That's not a bad thing - not at all.  It's just that it's not really a game where players will say "let's play that again!"  There isn't any strategy.  It's all about being able to build the blocks in the pattern shown on the cards as fast as you can. It's fun for about about 30 minutes and then you'll want to move on to something else.The timer and the focus on trying to finish as many cards as possible is where it's at for the adults.  Others have commented about wishing there were harder cards.  Not sure how that would work with just simple blocks.  There's already an "extreme" version of this game that probably fits that bill.  And speaking of other versions, there's a junior version of this game that I suspect is really intended to be played between only kids.  Kids can play this regular version just fine.  The issue is more for the adults - there's not a ton of meat here for the adults to chew on so definitely go with this version if you have both adults and kids playing.The one really great thing about this game is the ability to make it harder for the better or older players and easier for the younger ones.  You can divide up the cards to make it so that some people get the harder cards or the easier cards.  That's the sign of a great family game since it can even the playing field without forcing adults to purposely lose.I give the game 4 stars for all these reasons.  It's not even close to a personal favorite, but I can definitely see its value as a family game/activity.Edit, March of 2013: Recently played a game called La Boca by KOSMOS Games which is basically a team version of this game.  Not a game for young children, but 8 and up should be able to handle it.  It is GOOD.  I'm not alone in thinking it will probably with the SDJ award - best game of the year in Germany, a very prestigious award in the board gaming community.  It won't be in the US for many many months (might even take a year!), but it's worth the wait.  It is a superb family and party game and better than Make 'N' Break in just about every way.
Ravensburger makes some excellent paper puzzles.  This one is no exception.  There isn't a whole lot to write about jigsaw puzzles aside from quality of image and construction.The pieces are cut cleanly.  None of them were stuck together (i.e., not cut apart) in the box.  They fit together without any inordinate difficulty.  (No, you're not going to be using your fist to pound them into position.)The image quality is good.  The assembled puzzle presents a vertigo-inducing photo of blue collar workers at lunch on high steel.  Not somewhere you'd ever catch me!  Our daughters found it amazing to see them suspended high above the city in a pre-OSHA era, with no safety harnesses or other devices to keep them from falling.  Brave men.In all, a worthwhile puzzle with enough pieces to be challenging for a family for an afternoon.
We began building this puzzle on the end of our dining room table, but we don't have a lot of time to dedicate to the puzzle and we needed the table for other things, so we moved the puzzle to the floor in a corner of the guest bedroom - not the most comfortable place for extended puzzle building. Before starting this puzzle, I would recommend that you establish a dedicated space to build it, as it might take a while. It's a pretty large puzzle, so a standard card table probably won't work.As far as the puzzle itself, how much is there to say? Like all Ravensburger puzzle products, it is superior quality. The pieces are thick and durable. We have not had the problem mentioned by other reviewers with the blue backing coming off, but then, we haven't used a table cloth or anything similar. Also, the pieces fit snugly and properly together such that they interlock securely and you are never confused whether or not you've made a correct match. The snug fit was especially helpful when we were transferring the partially assembled puzzle.I find this puzzle to be just the right level of challenging. The gray scale coloring makes it difficult, but by no means impossible. The dark I-beam and the men sitting on it provide enough variation to assemble the center of the puzzle with little difficulty, and even the top and bottom portions have enough subtle variation that finding matching pieces is doable. I've been working on and off for about three months and am about 80% done with the puzzle. My husband pitches in occasionally and my daughters (ages 3 and 5) try their best and have found a couple pieces (especially when we were assembling the edge), but mostly it's been me working in rare, treasured bursts of relaxing time. My daughters are fascinated by the iconic, vertigo-inducing image of the men sitting on the I-beam with no support and they can't wait to see the fully-assembled version. They would like to seal and hang it up in their playroom when we've finished it, but I'm more the type to take it all apart again and reassemble it sometime later. We'll see who wins that battle.In any case, you can't go wrong with a Ravensburger puzzle, and this one is a nice challenge for advanced jigsaw puzzlers.
This black & white puzzle brings a sense of nostalgia. A photograph of bygone days, the guys eating lunch, having a smoke a drink and unconcerned of their height over a beautiful old New York City landscape.It's a nice way to bridge generation gaps. Picture granparents and the little ones all working together among memories, chatter and innocent inquiries from the children.This is a well constructed puzzle and a little easier than those 5000 piece puzzles.The photograph is breathtaking and I think it'd be great to glue and keep on the wall as a decoration and an accomplishment for everyone who helped put the puzzle together.I really like it myself.
For the most part, this is a well-made puzzle. Even though the pieces were handled gently by an adult, there were still a couple of pieces whose ends bent a bit. The pieces fit together nicely and there's no mistaking a wrong piece in the wrong place. The scene is black and white and looks more difficult than it is. There are buildings, streets, and people throughout, and the girder and rope get you off to a good start. The blue backing on the pieces makes it easy to get them all on the image side from the beginning.Having not done a puzzle in quite a while, it was nice to remember just how relaxing puzzles can be. Listen to some music and let your mind wander. But don't dwell too much on those guys suspended a billion stories over the city or it may not be as relaxing as you'd like.
Disclaimer: I am reviewing a puzzle that I received for free through the Vine program.This is a good puzzle, like most of the puzzles from this company Ravensburger. The image, of dolphins, is a good one, the family loves it. The manufacturing quality is good as usual for this company. The size, 500 pieces, is just right for my (autistic) daughter to complete the entire puzzle in one or two days.overall I would recommend it if you are looking for another good puzzle.
This is the second Ravensburger puzzle that we have gotten from Amazon. It has 500 pieces and has very vibrant colors. Our 6 and 8 year old daughters are working it for Christmas and they are enjoying it very much. The pieces click together nicely and our girls appreciate the dolphin scene. Very good, high quality puzzle.The pieces are of high quality and should last through multiple put-togethers. Nice matte finish on the image. The one problem with the puzzle is that the pieces come apart very easily (which ensures that the puzzle will last longer), so if you put some of the puzzle together in one spot and some other parts of the puzzle in another, it's difficult to transfer. When you try to move a block of pieces they all just crumble. But that's only a minor problem.
This puzzle isn't high art by any stretch, but it is colorful and somewhat whimsical if a bit kitschy.  Construction is the high quality I've come to expect from Ravensburger with tight tolerances between pieces and no opportunity to mistake a misfit for a fit. My children and I assembled it over several hours spread over a couple of evenings, and I'll mount it on vinyl contact paper and display it on my daughter's bedroom wall.For a child who loves dolphins or bright colors.
It took my nine year old son and I about three hours to put this puzzle together. He stuck with it the entire time, and it was a great way to get some time together. Honestly, after getting this, it was all I could do to not go to the store and buy up a bunch of puzzles like this. Dads know what I'm talking about.The image is pleasant and fun to work with. There's a lot of contrast, with tones ranging from whites and bright yellows to deep purple shades. What's nice, when putting this together with a child, is that often there will be a lot of contrast on individual pieces, which makes it easier for them to get into the rhythm of fitting the puzzle together.I would say that nine, or a very clever seven or eight, is about the lowest age where you can expect to get through the entire puzzle in one sitting. My five year old might've done this, if we worked in half-hour stints.An excellent product, and will be scooping up more of these soon.
This is a high quality puzzle from Ravensburger.  My wife is self-proclaimed puzzle impaired and never does puzzles.  And even she said "Wow, this is a nice puzzle".My 9 year old daughter and I put this one together.  I just did the boring parts because thats what Dads do.  I did the sky and some of the water. My 9 year old did the rest.Like most puzzles for children, the scene is very "busy" and you can figure out exactly where almost every piece goes just by looking at the box (with the exception of a few sky pieces).Its a very nice picture and pretty easy to put together. Overall I would recommend it.
Beautiful vibrant colors make this puzzle a pleasure to work on. The pieces are top-quality and very sturdy. A 500-piece puzzle is such a nice size for when you don't want to leave the puzzle laying out for long periods of time. Works up in an evening or a weekend.
This is a good puzzle.  The pieces are sturdy and fit together well.  It is colorful and does not have large areas of pieces that are all the same color.  The puzzle looks nice when it is finished.The only negative I can see is that this is a smaller sized puzzle so the pieces are smaller in size also.  For those with poor vision this could be a problem.  The good thing about the size is that it takes up only a small space.  But I do know some people (like my dad) who have not so good vision have a hard time working puzzles with pieces of this size.  But overall, this is a well-made nice looking puzzle.
If you are a frequent puzzler, you can probably look at the box and tell exactly what you will be doing most of the time.  And having constructed the puzzle, I can tell you: You're right!  Sky and Trees!For this puzzle, I started with the sky, then the misty mountains, and finished with the trees.  This required many hours of enjoyable puzzling.  This puzzle is a harder one, too hard for my children.  You will find yourself looking for odd shaped bumps, and sorting pieces by basic shape to aid in doing the sky.  Yes, the sky has a gradient, which is helpful.My daughter did the castle, which took her no time at all.  Maybe an hour.  It would have taken me much less than 30 minutes.  The castle is like the tootsie roll in the middle of the tootsie roll pop.  Can you do the trees, sky, and mountains with succumbing to the temptation to do the castle first?We do a lot of puzzles, and as with most Ravensburger puzzles the quality is excellent.  We had two or three pieces where a piece of the backing came off and stuck to another piece.The "soft click" technology was very nice as always.  Not all 1000 pieces click, but most do.  And you can always tell if you put the wrong piece in because the cut lines always line up (which is not true for other puzzle manufacturers).One thing that Ravensburger did that was really really nice... is that the box is nicely oversized.  The pieces don't even fill it half way up.  Thats nice because the picture of the castle is big enough that its easy to spy the details in the picture, which aids in puzzling.  Particularly when piecing together the trees.  Lower quality puzzle makers are switching to smaller and smaller boxes (and more cubic boxes).  And its a high quality box, too.  So in this way, Ravensburger shows their true quality. And if you think using the box is cheating, you can still just set it aside and not look at it!The puzzle topic is not very new, that castle is the most photographed building in Germany and the topic of many other puzzles.  So if you are looking for something unique to give as a gift, you may want to keep looking.Overall, I enjoyed this puzzle because I like to do hard puzzles.  But I would not call this a fun puzzle for everyone.  This is because of the topic.  If they had made the castle larger and more prominent within the picture, then it would be a better puzzle for casual puzzlers.  Although, I would have enjoyed it much less.
I got this though the Amazon Vine program for review.  This was a very high quality puzzle that was fun to put together.  Compared to other puzzles that I have done this one has a larger number of pieces that are different shapes, this is a wonderful thing because it means pieces only go together one way and this makes the puzzle much less frustrating to put together.  I recently did a puzzle where many of the pieces fit together even if they were the wrong pieces; this was very frustrating in solid color regions of the puzzle...it really drove home how important the need for lots of unique shapes for the pieces is.The castle portion of the puzzle was a lot of fun to put together, as were the mountains.  The sky, clouds, and forest parts of the puzzle were much more difficult and took a lot of time.  As such I would recommend this puzzle for intermediate to advanced puzzlers.  It you are a beginning puzzler expect to spend large portions of time putting together those regions of the puzzle.All in all a very high quality puzzle, me and my family had a lot of fun putting it together.  Ravensburger makes great puzzles and, like all of their puzzles, this one comes with a certificate of authenticity/manufacture.
I fell in love with the Ravensburger brand while living in Germany a decade ago. If you're an avid puzzle fan looking for a challenging, high-quality puzzle you should look no further than a Ravensburger. If you're one who loves to put them together for permanent display they are both well made and gorgeous.I never did make it to Neuschwanstein while I was living in Germany but it's best known to most Americans as the castle that inspired Disney's famous castle. Putting this puzzle together was fun but really difficult. After four weeks of working on it a little every day I finally got stuck and decided to put it away for this winter. (Summer just doesn't feel like the right time to be sitting indoors working a puzzle lol). I never thought sky would kick my butt so much!If you're in the market for a challenging and beautiful puzzle I highly recommend this one!
I'm not much into puzzles, but I've been wanting to try some decent ones for quite some time. Ever since reading Death Note and seeing Near's blank white puzzle, that's what I wanted to try. But I figured, "Let's try something easier first. At least something with pictures." So that's why I ordered this puzzle.It's got the image of the very familiar Neuschwanstein (or the "Disney castle"), and the brilliant colors make the pieces a wee bit easier to find.But man, I didn't know the pieces would be so small! I realize it's to conserve table space and make the puzzle more challenging, but it's quite a shock for someone so new to puzzles, like me.It was a joy to build, though it probably took me longer than it would've others. I've already two more Ravensburger puzzles, and yes, one is blank!
I like Ravensburger puzzles. The pieces are sturdy and fit together well. Also, pieces that aren't supposed to go together, do not fit together well. There's no confusion or the need for serious contemplation to determine if pieces are in the right place or not. The beautiful picture is bright and colorful, but with a matte finish so glare from overhead lights is not a problem.This particular scene was a fun one for our family. The castle was the first part we put together because it was the easiest. I thought the big patch of sky in the middle would be hard, but there was enough color variation that it wasn't very difficult. The trees were the biggest challenge. Although they are broken up by the castle, they account for close to half the puzzle and it was challenging to match the shades of green and yellowleaves to the correct tree. We spent almost a week doing this puzzle, but I was the only one seriously dedicated to it and I spent about an hour a day. I enjoy putting puzzles together and this is a good one.
My 7 year old had a blast playing with this!  Once I showed her how it works, she could do it independently and did so, making pictures for all her friends, until the batteries ran out--on the first afternoon!  Our kitchen also ended up covered in glitter, but that's another story.What you do is hook the paper onto the spinner, turn on the machine, and the paper spins rapidly, then you squeeze paint onto the paper.  It swirls and splatters, making fun designs.  There is a plastic splash guard that keeps the paint pretty well contained.  But be sure to use it, or you will have a mess!My daughter thinks the spinner is great and that her pictures are fantastic.  Unfortunately it will be an occasional toy because I'm not willing to replace the battery every day.
This is a great Spin Art. My 3 year old likes it and is fully capable of using it with supervision. Not sure why the rating is 6 and up. If you liked Spin Art as a kid this will bring back great memories. The colors this model comes with are fluorescent. While it comes with a good amount of paint the paper amount was a little on the light side. Plus, the black paper it comes with looks really great with the colors while wet. When it dries that colors fade and the painting look awful. I suggest sticking with the white paper.If this came with more paper and the black worked better it would easily be 5 stars, but I have to drop it a star because of those problems.The unit is very light weight and compact.Any kid will like it.
This is a simple toy: it spins a piece of paper while you drop paint on it, making cool patterns.  This was one of the first presents my 6 year old girl and 2  year old boy started playing with on Christmas.  Be aware that the "splash shield" might appear to be cheap plastic packaging material.  We had to dig it back out of the trash.  It ended up not being necessary because the paint did not splatter without it.The toy takes one C battery.  It comes with both black and white paper, which was mostly used up on Christmas morning.  It comes with 5 paint tubes and two vials of glitter.  While the paint looks great on the black paper when first applied, it practically disappears after it dries.  Maybe it should be obvious, but wait until the paper stops spinning to put the glitter on.  The only real difficulty my kids had in using it was squeezing out too much paint on the paper, leaving big globs.  It does not feel that durable, but it does the job.
Nice basic art spinner.  I almost threw out the "splash guard."  It was so flimsy, one could even compare it to the type of plastic that is around the mouth of some mayo/dressing-type mason jars. I was grateful to see the label, which reads:"Splash guard, do not discard" just as I was about to throw away (had a rip from opening the box).The box states that 5 colors of paint are included. These colors are: blue, pink, yellow, green and purple.It is a bummer that this paint isn't washable.  It would have been nice to just leave my responsible daughter in the kitchen, playing happily. However, we did not want to take the chance without throwaway clothes. She managed to keep her clothes clean, but accidentally touched the couch before thoroughly washing her hands-ugh!I appreciated that this machine was simple to use with no problems adding my own paint, glitter (needed more) and card stock (cut w/ a guillotine paper cutter).This is very lightweight product, so it can be easily broken by misuse/heavy hands.  The upside of this fact: This only takes 1 "C" battery. The light weight of the product does not seem to affect functionality.  It does what it says it will do-no problems here.I LOVE that the center "spinner" easily pops out to clean the base.  I used a damp paper towel to just wipe off the paint.  Unfortunately, the paint didn't readily come off the actual spinner the same way. Oh, well.Regardless, my daughter and I had fun making memories...
I actually got this because my 4yo niece loves any arts and crafts. She had one in the past that had stopped spinning so this is a replacement. It is fun and easy to use and set up. I just hope this one lasts a little longer than a year because she loved it so much. The first one she had she used only about 10 times before it broke.
This puzzle was fun to put together. It was fairly difficult to assemble, which made it more of a challenge, which I like. The glow in the dark feature is really cool. It helped me connect some of the pieces easier. The only thing I would change would be for the glowing to be brighter as it's a little dull. The instructions include German and English and possibly French.
Disclaimer: I am reviewing a copy that I received for free through the Vine program.Well our autistic daughter seems to like this puzzle, and has completed it twice now. I think it took her a few days each time, less than a week.The picture (Evening in Rome, lots of lights reflecting on the water etc.) is interesting. The puzzle pretty sturdy and durable, looks like the pieces won't get messed up as easily as with some other jigsaw puzzles. And it looks pretty difficult to me, but she enjoys it.
I really enjoy puzzles.  I'm not an afficionado on puzzles, but I just can't seem to put them down after starting them.  There's a certain satisfaction in completing the picture that grabs me.  This one grabbed my attnetion due to the pink and blue hues - a real challenge in assembly.  If you don't like using piece shapes to figure out the puzzle, this scene is not for you.  I probably spent a good 2-3 hours separating and fitting the different pink hues in this puzzle and then the water and reflections are killer.  The anchor fo this scene is definitely the bridge which everything can be built from.Worth the time to fully assemble.  I'm not sure I'd be interested in redoing this one after meeting the challenge.  Perhaps much later.  The glow in the dark overlay isn't extremely visually stimulating after the puzzle is completed, and doesn't offer the ability to puzzle it together in low light with any real advantage.  The raised texture did help in finding matching pieces.Good challege... dont buy it for the glow in the dark.
Puzzle fans will love the Evening in Rome 1000-piece Starline Glow-in-the-Dark Puzzle from Ravensburger. My son and his friend always have a puzzle-in-progress on our downstairs table and they will have a ball working on this particular puzzle.Not only does this beautiful 27 x 20-inch scenery puzzle glow in the dark but it is a high-quality piece made by a world-leading manufacturer and designer of puzzles whose hallmarks are durability and quality.The Evening in Rome puzzle is made with an extra-thick cardboard and fine, linen-structured paper to create a glare-free puzzle image. Ravensburger's steel cutting tools are designed and crafted by hand so that no two pieces are alike and so that each piece has a perfect interlocking fit. The Starline puzzle uses special luminous inks to transfer the puzzle image and produce a spectacular multi-color glow-in-the-dark effect.Founded in 1891, and in 2012 acclaimed as the world's greatest puzzle brand, the German-based company employs more than 1,400 workers. Ravens burg has 8,000 different products - 85 percent of which they make themselves.Personally I lack the patience to work on puzzles but my son and friend attest to the quality of pieces and challenge of assembly. I join them in proclaiming the stunning beauty of this glow-in-the-dark masterpiece when finished.
I have experience with two kinds of puzzles.  The puzzles sold at local retailers with "everyday low prices" generally seem to be cheaply made and cut from thick paper stock.  In comparison, Ravensburger puzzles are thick and fit together cleanly with nearly no play or movement.  The picture quality is excellent, well above the quality of low-price puzzles from discount retailers.As with many Ravensburger puzzles, this puzzle is a challenge to build.  Though this puzzle is smaller than some Ravensburger puzzles at 1,000 pieces, there is still enough challenge to keep a puzzle builder busy for hours.  The similarity of many of the pieces gives deep meaning to the term "puzzle."  If you have little patience with trying to find the right piece from dozens or hundreds, you may want to avoid this puzzle, for it really is a puzzle.At 27 inches wide by 20 inches tall, this puzzle is a nice size for a puzzle board or a smaller table.  This size also makes the puzzle very suitable for framing, if you like to do that sort of thing.Once the puzzle was built, I tried to pull the pieces apart to see how much "play" there was in the puzzle.  The fit was so tight that I could barely budge the puzzle.  Even though the fit is tight, the pieces go together readily, making this puzzle a joy to build.  Each piece is formed so well that it is impossible to confuse pieces, so while finding the right piece can be tedious, you always know when you have the right piece.Most Ravensburger puzzles have bright and sharp pictures.  Because the picture of this puzzle is a night scene, there is a bit of fuzziness to portions of the image, but that also gives the picture a bit of artistic feel.  I was most interested to see how well the glow-in-the-dark feature worked, since this was the first glow-in-the-dark puzzle I had ever seen.  Most of our overhead lights tend to be equivalent to 60-watt bulbs, though most rooms have at least three of these.  Exposure of the puzzle to that level of light produced a muted glow-in-the-dark image on the puzzle.It was time to get serious.  I put a lot more light on the puzzle and kept it there for minutes.  The initial image after turning the lights out was incredible.  Sadly, the very bright image faded all too rapidly, leaving a muted image that persisted longer than I was willing to watch.  I also tried adapting my eyes to the dark, in combination with bright lights on the puzzle, which was an interesting experiment.  The image is brighter with dark-adapted eyes, as you might expect.  Keep in mind that it can take 30 minutes for your eyes to become completely adapted to the dark, depending on your age.As with previous Ravensburger puzzles, the hardest part of building the puzzle was tearing it apart at the end.  I always feel a little strange disassembling these beautiful puzzles, but I must or we would be up to our knees in puzzles.Ravensburger may be the gold standard with respect to puzzles.  Their puzzles cost more than many competitor puzzles, but the beauty and quality of the puzzles are such that, as long as you keep all the pieces, the puzzles may be built again and again, and then passed on to future generations.  I am not sure how long the glow-in-the-dark feature will last, but I suspect it will last for many, many years.Enjoy!
The first thing you notice about this premium puzzle is the quality of the pieces.  Having never worked a Ravensburg it was a treat to see quality cut pieces that fit together well and are made of quality cardboard.  The photo quality is vividly excellent and is printed on an anti-glare matte surface.  We enjoyed working the puzzle as a family and the added fun of seeing the glow in the dark feature added to the excitement.  My only minor gripe is that the box doesn't show what the puzzle looks like when it is glowing the in the dark.  I think since glow-in-the-dark quality can vary per product, it should be shown so customers know if it is cool enough to justify the higher price.
This puzzle is among the most challenging I have ever done.  However, it is not ridiculously hard - there are patterns to be found.  I am enjoying slowly constructing the picture of Paris at night, and the colors are very pleasing to the eye.  The Ravensburger quality to the pieces is noticeable and it is the reason why I continue to buy primarily Ravensburger puzzles.
As always, Ravensburger never let's you down with their puzzles.  They are quality pieces and fit together nicely.  The Evening in Rome is a nice picture, but I have to say, it is a bit more challenging (NOT impossible) than most 1000 piece puzzles.  My 86 year old father loves puzzles and can do them in his sleep, but this one took him a few extra moments!  He felt it was the color quality. From what I could tell, it was more the glow in the dark feature!  Most people would not be able to tell the difference, but he sure did!  A lovely puzzle that you will certainly enjoy!
We also love that it glows in the dark!  It is fun for the whole family.  A little challenging with all the black and pink, but the glowing in the dark is the big pay off. high quality puzzle.
We started this puzzle as a family, but I ended up doing most of it and I enjoyed it very much. The puzzle is a nice size to have on the dining room table (covering it with a table cloth allowed us to continue eating meals for those couple of days). I like to start puzzles by fitting the outside edges together first, so I separated those pieces. They were easy to find because they were slightly taller than the inside pieces and could be spotted in the pile. All the pieces are sturdy and unique so it is clear when you've put the correct pieces together. The picture is very nice with a lot of variety, perhaps with the exception of the pink sky which took the longest to fit in place. Also, the substance that glows in the dark could be used to fit pieces together by lining up the track of it across the pieces. Upon completion, the glow in the dark feature worked very well in a darkened room. That was the most exciting part for the kids.There were a few things I didn't like. The puzzle backing is blue and there were so many bits of blue dust that came out of the plastic bag. It was all over my hands and coating the table. It has been a while since I opened a brand new puzzle, so I can't recall if this is normal or not. It also may have seemed worse since it was blue instead of brown or gray. There were critters that did like it though. I found several tiny brown bugs crawling around the pieces as well as two baby silverfish. The puzzle and it's pieces were sealed properly, so I'm not sure at which step they got into the box, but I opened it a few hours after receiving it so they likely didn't come from my house. It wasn't much of a problem - a little squash and wash and were on our way to doing the puzzle. The only other thing I didn't like was not having a full picture for reference while doing the puzzle. The left side of the box lid has a big star on it advertising the glow in the dark feature and it covers some of the scene, keeping me from referring to it to place pieces. Over all, a good puzzle and we'll do it again in a few months.
First, in general: Ravensburger puzzles are awesome. High quality, precision cut, nicely printed; they're a far sight better than the cheap puzzles you buy in box stores. Puzzle enthusiasts should love Ravensburger.This puzzle specifically, thr Krypt, is not for the casual puzzle fan. A deliberately blank puzzle, cut into a unique spiral piece pattern ... it's a times frustrating, at times mindnumbing, at times really fun. But it's always really, really hard. As I write this, I STILL haven't finished it, and I don't know that I ever will. I just don't have the kind of stamina and will to complete it that some others do!
Ravensburger, to me, is top-of-the-line when it comes to the quality of their puzzles and other games.  This puzzle will last for years.  It is sturdy and there is no wondering if a piece fits or not--Each piece is cut with precision.As so many others have stated before me, this is an extremely challenging puzzle.  Obviously, if you are considering the purchase, you are looking for a challenge.  This is it!
I love puzzles but had never heard of this type of puzzle before. The single color makes it very difficult to assemble, but gives a modern feel to a more traditional type project. The puzzle is very challenging, even if you decide to use the included puzzle piece guide. This puzzle is definitely not for someone who wants to sit down and finish it in a few hours on a weekend. I started working on mine about a week ago, spending about an hour a day on it, and I have barely made a dent. I love this puzzle, and I think it will look really cool when it's finally done (in a few months!).
This might sound like a silly thing to lead with, but let me tell you about the box! It's the sturdiest puzzle box I've ever seen. You know how most puzzles come in this flimsy cardboard that has paper tape on the edges that breaks the day you first open the box? Well, this is not like that. The entire package is made to last. Impressive..Now the puzzle itself is really for people who have a lot of time, like puzzles, and have good visual and spatial skills. The box looks like there is shading, but the entire puzzle is one sold color- silver. Did I mention that it's hard?I worked on this for about 4 hours without realizing that there was a template. Duh! Use that. It makes it immensely easier. The first night I had most of the edges done and had a good start on the spiral in the center. What makes the puzzle doable is that spiral. Do that first. You can tell which piece belong in the center because they are curved. Sometimes the curve is slight, but there is a curve. All you are left with then are straight pieces. It's obvious which ones are edges. Once you get the center (spiral) done and the edges done, the hard part begins. The rest of the pieces fall into about 5 shape categories. I separated those by shape and used the template and had the puzzle done in 8 evenings.It's definitely not something you are going to finish in one sitting. If you like a challenge and have the time, give it a go. I guarantee it will be the hardest puzzle you've ever tackled.
I selected this toy to have at our home to entertain our tween nieces when they come over for visits. I've been told several times how "bored" they are while they are visiting, so I thought this would be a good way to bond with them. We had fun creating different looks and outfits and it kept them entertained. They range in ages from  8-12 and consider themselves fashionistas. There were no complaints and they seemed to really enjoy themselves. Girls at this age can be hard to please, but they were happy and I definitely recommend it.
This product is essentially a light table with interchangeable discs that kids can swap in and out to trace different outfits.  Our ten-year old has no trouble at all tracing the designs, and her younger sister has fun trying.  They have taken to improvising their tracings -- there is value here beyond the discs that are included for patterns -- and they both have loads of fun coloring them in.This is not the most sophisticated toy in the world, but sometimes simplicity has its virtues.  There isn't a tremendous amount of paper included, but it doesn't take a genius to be able to trim some more paper to the dimensions that the light table requires.In all, this is an engaging toy that will give young women with creative spirits plenty to do.
This reminded me of Fashion Plates from when I was a kid and I thought my daughter might like it. It comes with clear plastic template discs of which some have a hair style and shirt, some have skirts or shorts, and lastly some have different shoe styles. These templates are divided into  A's  and B's. You have to pair up A's with each other or B's with each other to create a complete fashion. A's and B's don't mix. I don't know why they made it that way. It doesn't give you as many style options as the old Fashion Plates did. But for young kids it might be enough to amuse them for a while. The plus side that is much better than the old Fashion plates is that you get to trace the outfit with a fine tip marker that comes with it. This works so much nicer than having to rub black crayon over the old Fashion Plate templates. It is much neater and nicer to color in after.It comes with some paper to use, but when it runs out you need to cup paper the right size to fit. I don't know why they didn't create it so you could just cut computer paper in half. Instead it is a little bit smaller than that. It always bugs me when things are not as user-friendly as they easily could be. But what might be a good idea is to cut some more paper (or have your child cut some) ahead of time to keep ready for when you need it.My daughter said tracing the face is the hardest, but I am sure it gets easier with practice. You could always advice kids to use a sharp pencil for the faces, if they might feel the need to erase and re-try if they make a mistake. Also make sure you have a set of colored pencils with this toy for coloring in the fashions.The tracing machine itself is also a carry case for the discs and marker. It suggest holding the papers too although this causes folds and creases in the paper because of the small space. But I do really like how at least it holds the other stuff so nicely so kids can pick up easily after they are done and not lose all the discs, and they could easily bring it to grandparents, the beach, or on vacation. Having a folder for the blank papers and the fashions your kids want to save would be a nice way to store that portion of it. Then maybe keep that all, along with a pack of colored pencils all in tote to be able to take wherever.*** My daughter is 12 and I don't think there is enough variation in this toy to keep her interested for long. I think ages 7-10 might be best for this. If you have girls older than that, what my daughter and I like are the Fashion Angels kits. Just search here at amazon under toys and games and type in "fashion angels" and it will pull up a whole bunch, from cool fashion, wedding fashion, hair and makeup styles, pet fashions, and more. ***
The Runway Fashions set lets kids customize and trace designs onto sheets of paper, then they can color them in.  Each fashion model is created from three sections - the head, torso and legs.  There's various fashion options for each section, so you mix and match to create unique designs.There's two types of models in this set - "A" and "B" are labelled on each "foil" transparency.  So you have to mix and match within a single letter set, otherwise the pose of the model doesn't match.  There's a few combinations even within a letter set don't exactly match, so some lines shouldn't be traced.The set includes a black felt tip pen, which has a fine, hard felt tip rather than a broad soft tip like most markers.  This is a good thing as it lets you draw a tight line.  For each section, you have to un-snap the lid, change out the plastic transparency foil then re-position your paper.  There's dashed lines to help you line up the existing tracing to the new section.  The clear table is fairly thin plastic, but you shouldn't need a whole lot of pressure - just enough to keep the paper flat.  Both my 10-year old and 4-year old were able to use this without any problems.  The younger one didn't get the fine details of the tracing exactly right, but some of the facial features were tough.  Either way, they had fun and didn't see it as anything negative.The light is a single bright LED, which is easy on batteries and provides a good amount of light through the paper.  They've also included a cardboard piece that fits onto the set which is supposed to reduce glare from the sun or room lights.  We didn't really have any problems seeing the outline in normal lighting.Another neat feature is that you can "zoom" the projection to 4 different levels in order to create larger or smaller people.  At the largest setting, a person fits nicely onto a 1/2 sheet of paper.Everything will fit inside the box, if you bend your sheets of paper around the lens, then place the cardboard glare shield in last.  There's enough room leftover to fit extra markers or pencils as well.The instructions also point out that to make extra sheets, you'll need to cut about 1/2" off of a regular sheet of paper, then fold it in half and cut it.  The only other improvement I could think of is a way to clip the paper into place while tracing - maybe clips at the side, or a rubber band that could wrap around it.I wish they sold extra foils separately as the box/projector is pretty universal across all the different Ravensberger Xoomy toys.  If you can find some old transparencies, you could easily make your own designs and cut them to fit on the lens.
Ravensburger, the famous puzzle makers, have now created a fashion creator set for girls. The set comes with a plastic case to keep all the pieces together, a small projector (which requires 4 AA batteries, not included), a tracing pen, paper, glare shield, 20 plastic template pieces (which are stored in a plastic slot in the case), and an instruction book.This is not the old fashioned toy where you mix and match plates, and then use a crayon to rub over the paper on the plates. This set has the child place a plastic circle template (called a "foil") on top of the projector light. The image can be expanded or shrunk using the lens on the projector, and then traced on to a piece of paper. A guide holds the paper in place. The one point of frustration for my child was that the plastic foils are tops, middles, and bottoms. There is no guide on where to start and end them, so it can be difficult for younger children to align the different pieces correctly. If the child has changed the zoom on the lens, that will also cause some frustration as it needs to be consistent to get a matching finished product.Once the complete design has been traced, the child can remove the paper and then color or decorate the model as desired. We purchased colored pencils, markers, and glitter glue for this fun part.While the toy is recommended for ages 8+, my 7 year old daughter had no problem using the toy.If you run out of paper, the instruction booklet has the dimensions on how to cut additional paper for use with the toy.This is a fun, higher-quality fashion designer toy for girls. It has the quality and durability that I would expect from Ravensburger.
Gave this to my 6-year-old daugther and this kept her and he friend busy for a good hour.  My dauther likes to draw and she likes to barbie stuff.  This kind of looks like barbie and involves drawing, so it was a treat to her.  Since my daughter can't draw that well at her age, thet tracing drawing was very good for her.  The materials does'nt feel to sturdy though.
My 9 year old was rather excited when this arrived and immediately sat down to figure it all out. First, you need 4 AA batteries, which are not included. Thankfully we had those on hand, so she moved onto 'popping' out all the foils. These are clearly marked A and B so you know which ones to use together. She read the directions and figured out how everything (really, it's very simple) and within minutes was mixing and matching to create a variety of designs to color. This held her attention for a couple of days, and she had a good time choosing colors of colored pencils to fill in the details. I'm not sure a child much older than 10ish would really be interested for very long. I think it'll be one of those toys that are played with avidly initially, and then will have occasional spurts when the child rediscovers it. The paper is an odd size (although it's easy to cut more) and there's only 1 included pen (black). I do like the how the case keeps everything in one place, and it's not as frustrating as the crayon rub plates I did as a child.
"Runway Fashions" is a craft activity where the purpose is to create a fashion model by separately tracing the head, middle and legs.  The tracing occurs over a lighting fixture upon which a transparent disk is first placed, followed by a sheet of paper.  For example, once a head is traced, a midsection is then selected, placed on the lighting fixture and traced to connect with the aforementioned head.  Then, a disk with the lower body is chosen, placed and traced.  The result is a runway model that can be photocopied, retraced, colored, etc., not to mention cut out and combined with other runway model tracings.  My eight-year-old daughter enjoys pulling it out once in a while, which usually prompts my seven-year-old son to drag out hisAlex Toys Draw like A Proand do some tracing of his own.  Keeps them engaged for a while.  A good activity for an afternoon or evening when the kids are looking for something to do.
Runway Fashions is a toy designed for girls ages 8+.The toy is easy enough to use: place clear plastic template over light box (notches hold it in place), adjust "zoom" (light has 3 height levels), close lid and trace. Repeat process with all three body segments: head and torso, bottoms, and legs/shoes. There are 20 templates("foils") total broken down into two incompatible body poses (A and B). Within each pose, there are 4 heads, 3 bottoms, and 3 legs. That means there are 2 x 4 x 3 x 3 = 72 combinations (36 in each pose).Included are 10 sheets of drawing paper, cut to fit in the notches of the case. The instructions have dimensions to cut more. Or you can just hold a standard size piece of paper on top and trace. There is one fine felt tip black marker included. It wouldn't have cost them much more to include a few more colors but unfortunately you have to supply your own color pencils or markers. There is room inside the case for additional pencils or markers - if this toy is going to be used while traveling. There is also a glare shield (cardstock) if needed.My youngest daughter was trying to remember at what age she would have enjoyed this toy. I provided numerous tracing books, and a light table and an infinite supply of paper and coloring implements when she was a child. She remembers tracing a lot around 3rd to 5th grade (age 8-11), so this toy is age appropriate in that regard. However, she wasn't interested in fashion until middle school and high school- by which time she was sketching without tracing.Overall, this toy may not be for just any young child - but clearly it is for those who are artistic and like fashion and tracing. A light table and a set of tracing books is more versatile but less portable than this product.  Overall, I think it is a good value and a great starting point for young fashion conscious artists.
My daughter, who is ten, loves this! They remind me of the "fashion plates" toys I had as a kid! I sat and did a few fashions myself with her! The toy seems to be well made, we've had no issues with it at all. There are plenty of fashion looks to design and color. We really enjoyed it. She has played with it many times and it was a big hit at her sleepover. I would recommend this toy for any girl aged 9 and up. My daughter is a bit of a tomboy, but still enjoyed this very much.
I gave this to my 8yr old who loves fashion design toys, she doesn't however love drawing so I thought it would be prefect for her to trace the girls and their outfits and then do her favorite part... designing/coloring them in. She has enjoyed it for that purpose and loves that it's small enough to take with us easily in the car or out to eat, what she also realized was that it works great for tracing all sorts of things. She's now also using it as a small light box to trace photos from books, magazines, etc. You can easily cut extra sheets of paper or do what my daughter does and use bigger sheets and simply slide them over and hold them while tracing (this way she can make much bigger scenes). All in all a fun little "toy" to spark creativity and practice fine motor skills (tracing).
If you have a child who dreams of being a model or clothing designer, this is a toy they will really love. There are so many different combinations to make tons of designs. There is a light table, projection lamp, paper, and drawing pencil to keep your budding designer busy. Everything a "Queen of the Catwalk" needs to fill her runway with designs.
My six and eight year old daughters really like the Ravensburger Runway Fashion Designer. Both of them like to draw, and though this is more tracing than designing, it is a way to hone art skills and fun for a rainy day. I appreciate how lightweight and compact the set is, and that they both can use it independently. I'd love to see an "expansion pack" with more foil options, but my girls seem satisfied with the options they have for now!The set includes a black marker, my girls like to use that for tracing and then color the designs with colored pencils, which are not included, but would make a good addition to this kit. Make sure you have batteries and a screwdriver on hand to set it up if you give it as a gift.
I picked this toy up for my 7.5 year old and almost 6 year old.  They love art toys, clothing, and coloring, so I thought that they would enjoy it.  The toy is a portable purple container with a light bulb and stencils.  The drawing surface is fairly small - about half the size of a normal sheet of paper.  The stencils do not join.  Thus, they can choose a top half to trace and then they need to choose a bottom half and align it correctly.  This can be complicated for little hands. The toy would be better if the stencil could be lined up so that the child can trace the whole outfit/model at once, even if the entire design is smaller.
My girls are 9 and 11 and, unlike me, are girly-girls who love anything to do with fashion.  They, like most girls their ages, like to draw.  I chose this item on a whim hoping it would be a nice, quiet activity that would travel well and personally, we're happy with it because they love it.  It's small (about the size of the average hardcover book) but not too small to use.  The batteries are AAA and it requires 4.  We've had this almost a month and it's been used A LOT and we've not had to change the batteries.It comes with some paper, a marker and the little plastic tracing disks.  But, being the creative family we are, we've just cut any paper to fit and used other things that are relatively transparent to trace.  What I like the most is that you can change the size of the item you are tracing by moving the lens closer or further away.  Any marker, pen, etc. will work, whatever you want to use to make interesting designs.  They've even used it (carefully) to trace a design onto old tshirt with sharpies and they turned out really cute.This is a fun item for people who can think outside the box.  I've even used it when I've wanted to enlarge my own artwork for tracing onto a canvas and it worked out OK.
Runway Fashions is great fun, and is easy to use!  My 8 year old played with it for hours at a time, and brought it to school to show her friends as well.  It is much easier to use than some other toys I've seen like this one, and the fact that it's smaller, lightweight and portable was another great plus.  Everything fits inside the case, except the paper, and it was great as a toy for trips in the car.My only problem with it was that once the inside piece was removed to put batteries in, it was very difficult for me to get it back in place.  I ended up having to ask my husband to do it.All in all, a great little gift for any girl age 6-10 on your shopping list!
I chose this for my 10-year-old daughter to review. She said she enjoyed how she "could make different designs by putting the different pieces together (tops and bottoms)." She felt like she "could really design my own fashions." The toy has a light that reflects the outline of different pieces of outfits onto paper, then she could trace the outfit and fill it in with colored pencils. As her mom, I can vouch for how much she enjoyed it when she first got it a month or two ago, but I also noticed it's not something she plays with often.
I had to talk my 8 year old daughter into trying this toy. She prefers animals to fashion dolls but she does enjoy art and we watch "Project Runway" together.She wanted to try "a new game" and I had this and suggested it as such. I showed her how to use the device and she had no problems at all. She liked it so much that she showed her 6 year old brother what it is and how to use it the next day.It's simple to use and reminds me not only of the Fashion Plates I used at her age but also of a light-up "drawing desk" that I enjoyed. I also like how compactly the unit stores. The only suggestion I would make would be to include a set of colored pencils in the kit. If you buy it as a gift, colored pencils would be a good "add-on" for this fashion set.
There's fun to be had with this fashion set, but it didn't last very long for my 9-year-old niece. She loved it at first, but quickly grew bored. Her thoughts:"I really like that you can mix and match the fashion designs and that there are a lot of them. I wish I could have used a color besides black though. Black is boring when you're making clothes! The projector was kinda hard to figure out at first, but once I got the hang of it, it was ok. I liked the set, but can only use it for a short time before I get bored."As an adult, I was annoyed that batteries don't come with it, though I suppose that's to be expected.  I was also disappointed in the lack of colors available. One black tracing pen? Boring! If we're supposed to be inspiring creativity here, that was definitely a missed mark. We both understood that the traced picture could then be colored in, but for the price, I would have expected other markers to have come with the set, rather than she having to use her own.The quality of the plastic is fine and the set-up was easy enough. Overall, we're pleased with it, but for a 9-year-old the appeal is short-lived.
My daughter LOVES fashion and she's only 7 years old! Though the age on the box says 8, a 7 (or 6?) year old could easily play and enjoy this fun toy. The hardest part about this toy is simply installing the 4 AA batteries that it requires; you need a screwdriver to do this. The case is small, lightweight and great for travel. You'll need more paper but you can easily cut your own for size. I also added some markers and colored pencils.My daughter played with this for hours. Really fun toy.
This unit comes with several different templates to mix and match different outfits.  You place the transparency template over the lamp within the unit, close the lid, place your tracing paper over the window and simply trace your outfit.  You can change the size of the image by sliding the lamp up or down.  After you create your figure you can color it in.  It comes with a number of precut sheets of paper.  After which you'll need to cut your own.The unit doesn't come with batteries and it does not plug into the wall.  Which is good, because my daughter can take it anywhere she wants and besides, depending on the age of the child, you may not want them plugging things into the wall outlet anyway.Overall this unit is made well.  Durable.  Good light output.  May not work well in sunny areas, but it does come with a shield that you place over the front of the unit to reduce glare while using it where other light sources are around.So, I recommend this product for children that love to draw and design fashion.  Sure you are limited only by the actual transparency templates themselves, but you mix and match, and can color them differently.  So, there is a bit of creativity that can be experienced with this.
My seven year old has been enjoying this toy.  She got tired of waiting for mom to put it together for her, so she got a screwdriver and some batteries herself and assembled the toy and started playing with it while I was putting down her little sister for a nap.  She says she likes it because it's fun and you can be creative with it. Also, she says it's good for road trips.I wish it didn't take batteries, because depending on how much she likes it in the long run, it's an added expense.  I also with it had come with more paper, but my daughter hasn't used all the paper that comes with it yet and she feels that it comes with enough paper.  It only comes with a black marker, but this hasn't been an issue for us.  My daughter likes to trace the fashion girls in black and color them in with her colored pencils.I certainly feel that this toy can appeal to girls younger than eight.  Any girl who has the dexterity for tracing, the willingness to sit still for a little while and an interest in fashion will probably enjoy this toy.
There are two ways to look at this.  If you have a child who is moderately into RC cars, then the novelty of being able to run one in the rain MIGHT be a nice plus.  Even though it is meant to get a little wet, it is NOT recommended that you immerse the car in water - the system will be destroyed.  The controller can't get wet either.  Imagine running the car, in a light rain, from the safety of a porch, and through some very shallow puddles.If you have a child who is not an RC buff, then the novelty might wear off quickly....say even before the batteries run down.  And RC car is an RC car.Perhaps if there was a way of transporting something on the car...just a hint, Mr. Manufacturer; make it more interesting.
So, at this time of year, we don't have much water to test him out in, but he does well on the snow!  After reading the reviews, I was a bit paranoid about this rover, but he has been doing great.  He stopped working once and I panicked, opening up the control panel and checking the circuits like some reviews told me to do, but they were all well connected.  It turns out that the rover just needed a battery change, because the kids left him on all night!  The kids love him and he goes over just about anything, so you may want to give him a chance.
This car arrived and my son was excited to try it out. Make sure that you have 3 AA batteries for the car and 2 AAA batteries for the remote control. We have already drained the car batteries but the remote control is still going. There is an off switch on the car but my son being 4 he does not remember to switch them off.The driving controls are easy to hold both for me and my son. You push both knobs forwards to go forward and both back to reverse. If you push the right one forward it turns right going forward, back turns back wards and so forth. I have noticed that this car does not go in a straight line but I am not sure that this is a huge problem. Personally I have not yet been able to try this car out on the water as I don't have any suitable to drive in near by.Overall this has been a fun car that my four year old is able to drive and crash and have fun. We have also got theKid Galaxy Morphibians Explorer (Colors May Vary)and both me and my son have had a great time racing and crashing into each other. This car is a good off roading and has bounced over many kids toys and driven up other toys. My son at one point was chasing the car and trying to flip it. The car so far has survived well. I have had no problems with this car.
So far we've just been racing it around the house and playing in a bathtub full of water, but it seems to work well and has been reliable and waterproof so far.The remote control (which is not waterproof by the way, something that you'll have to explain to the operator especially when he wants to take a bath with it) does seem a bit flaky as others have reported, but I'm pretty confident that if the controls quit working I'll be able to take it apart and bend the contacts or whatever is needed to fix it as it looks very simple.The vehicle itself seems VERY durable, and has been in the water for an hour or so including getting submersed completely without any obvious damage.The differential (tank-style) steering makes it highly maneuverable, and it zips around on land very well.In the water it's obviously a lot slower, but on any still water it is quite controllable and makes headway at a reasonable speed.Battery life is ok, but not great. You should plan on a fresh set of 3xAA for the vehicle before taking it out for an extended play session (especially on the water).I have not had a chance to test the max-range on the transmitter, but it works from a few rooms away in the apartment, so clear line-of-sight on water should be OK, but of course you want to be cautious lest you lose control of it when it's in the middle of a pond or something.Overall it has been more fun than I was expecting.G.
My kids, 7 & 9, have been playing with this stingray until the batteries have died... a couple times over. It's been hours and hours of awesome for them, (and me!). The weather has left the ground damp, with a few small puddles, but that hasn't slowed this RC down. They love sending it rocketing over and through all the front and back yard terrain they can dish out.Best of all, it's easy to control. Classic two forward, two back control sticks make doing 280s and sudden maneuvers a snap to master.It's simple, has been pretty durable and for the price is spot on. Yes, it goes through batteries, but for the outside fun they have it's expected.And bonus, the packaging was frustration free, I don't know if it was meant to be, but yay for that!
The Morphibians Stingray remote control car is bit odd with the control. The buttons each control one side of the vehicle, so it takes a few minutes to learn to control the vehicle to get it to move forward straight. But, the beauty of the odd controls is the turns and spins you can take on the fly.The Morphibian does eat batteries like a hog when in full on play, so definitely keep a steady supply - preferably rechargeables.For rainy day fun, this will do the trick. To have a remote vehicle that you can muddy, get wet, and not get in trouble doing it - well, that makes it a cool toy.Haven't had any problems with it so far as the other reviewers had. *knocks on wood*
This is a decent toy that works, so far, just like it should.  The controls are simple and it is easy for kids to use.  It goes in water slowly, but it's kind of cool just because it can go in water.  The only negative I have to say about it is I think it should have a little more power, but it seems to be about the same as for other similar toys like this in the same price range.  Also, the packaging is a plain brown box.  This is probably a good thing because it probably keeps the cost down a smidgin, but if you are giving it for a gift, it just doesn't have a "wow" factor package.
They toy is great.  My five month old just isn't happy unless he is standing up!  The table will scoot around so we need to make sure to help steady the table, especially since our baby is just learning to stand.  He loves standing at it and hitting all the buttons, he loves the spinner and the little snack box. . . he keeps opening and closing the door.  We haven't had the table flip over, but again we are right there with him helping him stand and support himself.  I would think twice about using Amazon's frustration free packaging.  I saw this toy at walmart for the same price but the one at walmart came with batteries.  I ended up getting it from amazon and while the frustration free packing was kind of nice, it did not come with batteries :  What a let down, especially since right after this one came to the house, I saw the one at walmart with the batteries already in it.  Oh well.  Live and learn.  We are happy with the toy, though!
i didn't realize when I purchased this how many activities there were on this table.  My grandson started playing with it at about 7 months, when he would sit in a little chair and play.Soon he was pulling himself up to play.  And at 19 months, he is still amused occasionally by this toy.  The most surprising part of this table is that when you turn the pages of the book, you can get completely different vocals.  it is very sturdy and a year later, still looks and works like new.  A winner.
This toy copter is a very fun and durable toy. It has withstood my 15 month old little boy and has lived to fly another day. The animals it comes with are cute as well. The pilot is a cool addition too. Recommended for all the little veterinarians out there.
First, the best thing about this toy is that it is not battery powered--we have enough of those and are always replacing batteries.  This toy is activated by a trigger pull which spins the helo's rotor.  The second fun feature is the magnetic pick-up.  The bottom of the helo has a magnetic pick-up that allows the kids to pick up and transport the animals included in the set--thus the premise of the animal rescue.  Our nephew (2 1/2) seemed to enjoy the helo but may get more out of it when he is a little older.
I love these toys and wish they were more available here in the US. They are fun, durable, cute and made well. My son has the camper and this and he loves them both.
My one year old loves this toy.  Although he is too young to do any "rescuing" of the animals, he enjoys playing around with the helicopter in general.  Maybe it's the propeller that fascinates him, maybe it's the bright colors, I don't know, but it's a hit at our house.  I LOVE the fact that this toy doesn't require any batteries....that saves money AND the planet.  Why can't more toy companies do this?  Anyway, this is my first expierence with the WOW line of toys, and if they are all like this then I would definitely purchase more in the future.
It's colorful, appears durable and has provided hours of playtime. Our child has numerous toy  helicopters and this is his favorite. He enjoys the magnetic animal lift and discharge, as well as the spinning the blades. That it doesn't require batteries is a plus. Recommended!
It had gotten 20 minutes attention from my 4-yr old when he first got it. He played the coper, made the clacking sound with the friction trigger, hooked up each animals in turn.Now it gets occasional play when my son sorts his transportation toys or safari toys.Very sturdy.Not a lot of education value.
So the product description on the box says this is for ages 1-5.  In actuality, this is probably great for the 2-3 set, but a little too young for the 4-5 set.The Copter is very well made and is of durable, colorful plastic.  Each animal as a little magnet on it that attaches to the magnet on the Copter.  There's a little trigger on the bottom of the Copter that activates the rotors, making them spin and whir.It comes with three animals and one rescue vet.  The animals are cute and each sports a visible bandage or cast showing where they need to be treated.Fantastic for Imaginative play!
Harry Copter's Animal Rescue Safari Vehicle by WOW is a fun and unique toy.  Children are able to rescue three animals - a crocodile, a lion, and a panda - by the use of a magnet on the underside of the helicopter.  The copter moves by pushing in a trigger, which means it requires no batteries - always a plus for children's toys.  It is a fun and simple toy, but I almost wish it did a little more.
My 3 year old got this as a birthday gift. He loves playing with it. The best part is it doesn't require batteries!!  He flies it around the house all day long. The animals are magnetized so he flies the helicopter over the animals and picks them right up. That is his favorite part.
There are five parts to this toy: the helicopter, a doctor/helicopter pilot, and a three animals -- a lion, alligator and panda, all with various injuries that are bandaged up. The animals all have magnets on their heads so the helicopter can latch onto them and "medevac" them out of wherever they are. The helicopter is battery-free, and the blades start to turn when you press on a manual trigger underneath the toy.Our two-year-old loves this toy, and we think he understands and enjoys the idea that the doctor is helping the animals. He understands the bandages on the animals and talks about their "boo-boos". So far, the toy has proven sturdy. Our son has thrown the helicopter a few times. Although we have read about the blade's motor mechanism breaking easily, this has not been our experience, yet.Still, this toy is probably better for 2-3 year old kids, rather than kids from 18 months as officially recommended by the manufacturer, for a few reasons. First is the danger of it breaking through rough handling, although maybe we are naive to think our boy will treat his toys better as he gets a little older. Second is that he is not yet able to pull the "trigger" to make the blades go around himself. This requires more motor skills and finger strength than he has, and maybe just a little more cognitive ability. I've tried to help him do it, but he just doesn't seem to grasp the purpose.We like that it doesn't require batteries, and overall we're very satisfied. Recommended.
In today's society with all the computers and smartphones and newfangled things like that, sometimes it's good to have things that are really simple. Like a baby doll that doesn't blink or chew or wet itself or read your email or shoot fire--it's just a doll. Which especially for babies is a good thing.That is all.
Adorable. Very soft and snuggly. Great for bedtime. Very well made.The removable diaper seems to be particularly fascinating to my 18 month old daughter. The shirt also comes off, but the hat stays on. We haven't lost the clothing, yet.
It is lightweight, and just the right size for a child of this age bracket. I can see little ones getting attached and wanting to sleep with it and carry it everywhere. It is very pale in color, so it will get dirty. Thankfully it is washable.I deduct one star only because it is not made in the USA which is important to me. I try to buy American-made whenever possible. Otherwise, it is a simple cuddly doll, perfect for a first baby-doll for any young child. Seems well made and like it will hold up well for the price.
Cute and cuddly doll alternative.  My newly 6 year old loves the soft fabric.  Definitely one of the better soft bodied toys I have seen since many have hard heads, which I find annoying.  Not oddly sized and I can easily see some of the more standard sized doll clothes fitting her.
****or a two year old.  Such a homely little thing but I guess it sort of grows on you.  Soft and squishy, maybe a little too squishy because it sort of lost it's shape after  some industrial hugging. It could use more stuffing to help it hold it's shape. I don't know why it's targeted for three and up.  The one and half year-old loved it.I think the list price of $28 is  a little high for the quality.
My 3-year-old twin girls enjoyed this little guy, for a brief spell, when he was welcomed to our home. He's soft and cheerful, though lacking of any particularly memorable or engaging features. He doesn't make noises, move his limbs, suck from a bottle, or wet his diaper, features that seem to prevail in this age when imagination is left to the toy designers and kids just hit the power button.  For traditional, old-fashioned parents like my wife and I, this doll is a winner. Unfortunately, the little guy had to compete with a carnival of electronic toys, TV shows, iPhones, and other toys that &#34;do stuff&#34;.  To my dismay, this little guy is nowhere to be found now, just a few weeks after my daughters first met him. I'm getting a bad feeling that someday the girls will date the dangerous guys with no future because they are more exciting. Am I taking this a bit too far? Perhaps!
This doll is super soft, light weigh and just the right size for my two year old. I like that it doesn't have any plastic yet looks realistic. The hat is sewn on, barely. This causes a little frustration as my daughter would like to remove the hat. I hesitate to cut it loose because it doesn't appear that it'd stay on if I did.
This is kind of fun even for adults to try to balance the penguins on the ice.  It tips pretty easily.  The box suggests 5 and up.  My youngest, who just turned 4, can sometimes place the penguins and my 6-year-old thought it was still somewhat challenging.  5 might be right depending on how much patience the kid has.  Someone wins by being the first to place all his or her penguins on the ice.  For us though, the game felt unfinished with penguins left over so we've sometimes played it as a more cooperative game.  That works for the little ones.
First I put all the penquins together, which I thought should have been assembled at the factory.  Most of them went together fine, but a couple were little stinkers. Thanksgiving Day I brought this out with several other games and several people tried it. The kids thought it was fun.  The first few penquins are easy to get on, and it's not until you get towards the end that the real balancing fun begins.  The iceberg gets rather crowded when all the penquins are on it.  One of the nice things about this game is that you can play by yourself.  Also, it helps develop fine motor skills and eye/hand coordination.I ordered this because we always have so much fun withDon't Break the Ice, which we've had for years.  However, other than the ice, there is absolutely no similarity between the two.  I think the kids still prefer Don't Break The Ice.
When this game first arrived, I looked on the box to see if batteries were included, or if I needed to round some up before opening it. When I couldn't find anything about batteries, I went ahead and opened it. I was really surprised for several reasons!First of all, this game requires no batteries at all. That's mostly a positive for me. Batteries are expensive! For some reason, I was expecting this game to shake to knock the penguins off. Turns out, it simply a game of strategy. Your little one just has to learn where to place the penguins in order for them not to fall. My oldest is 4, but he's delayed educationally. He doesn't really use it for its intended purpose just yet. He mostly just plays with the penguins around the ice. He seems to get frustrated when they keep falling off.Secondly, I was surprised at how un-durable the ice part of this game SEEMS. I'm not taking any points off right now, because we haven't had any accidents with it yet. It's made of what seems like really cheap plastic, and I do fear it won't last too long around here.My third surprise was that the penguins come in 3 separate pieces that you have to put together. I didn't get WHY! It's easy to tell that this isn't meant for children to put together, because some of the pieces were hard to pop into place. Most went together relatively easily, though. I'm guessing that this is purely for manufacturing ease. (?)My oldest really does enjoy playing with the penguins and ice, though! There is educational value in learning about different climates. This is a great game for using after reading about cold climates and penguins. The penguins are also great for counting. At the time of my post, it's $16.99, which is a bit expensive(in my opinion) for what it is.
I am a big fan of Ravensburger games.  I got a 4-1 board game last year and we play it often.  I especially liked that you could adjust the skill level while still playing the same game and not having to buy more.  While not intended to I think you can do that with this game as well.I was a bit disappointed that there was some assembly required, but after the first time this is a quick game to get started.  I don't know about you but when my little one is in the mood to play a game she doesn't like it if we have a lot of setup to do before we can start to play.My six year old niece loved this game at first because it was fun to watch the penguins fall off, but after that happened several times she started to get frustrated that she couldn't get them to stay on.  At some points it seemed like the game would never end.  It's a good way to teach the concept of strategy and balance.  But like some other reviewers we sometimes took the iceburg off the base and placed it on a flat surface so that we could get the hang of it and build confidence without the frustration then build up to using it as intended...that's where the skill level can increase.  I actually think that you can play the game with younger children if you take it off the base.  It is harder than what it looks, but it's also a lot of fun.  I think this is another Ravensburger winner!This is the set I bought first that we still play with and I also recommend especially if you have younger children that you want to start to teach how to play games fairly.4 First Games Children's Game
I'm not a fan of Candyland or any sort of mindless chance game, which makes this one more appealing right away.  It's a dexterity game, where you take turns putting the penguins on the iceberg and trying to keep them from falling.  It is pretty amusing when they all fall off and my husband and I enjoyed a few games without the kids.  The penguins look a little bizarre (and it's really not hard to make penguins look cute!), but otherwise the components are great and even young children can play by themselves.  Very well done!
The concept of Ravensburger's "Penguin Pile-up" is a fun one - place the penguins onto an "iceberg" until one or more falls off.  If you cause the spill, then you add the fallen penguins to your colony.  The winner is the player who places all their penguins and has none remaining.  Reading is not required; everyone, adults included, can have an enjoyable time with "Penguin Pile-up."  Suggested for ages 5 and older, "Penguin Pile-up" can be played by younger children once they have an understanding of taking turns.  My three-year old grandson burst into peals of laughter the first time penguins toppled off the iceberg.I liked the fact that children can begin to learn about balancing items and have to think about placing penguins on the "iceberg."  Without seeming complicated , "Penguin Pile-up" introduces strategic thinking to children.  They must determine where to place their own penguins in order to maximize the chance an opponent will topple the birds.However, the quality of "Penguin Pile-up's" construction leaves something to be desired.  It is definitely not up to Ravensburger's usually high standards.  The "iceberg" is constructed of two pieces of brittle, flimsy plastic.  The edges are rough and might easily cut tender skin.The penguins consist of three separate, small pieces which must be assembled before one can use them.  Families having very young children or children who tend to put things in their mouth may want to avoid this game for that reason.I would have preferred to pay more for the game so the penguins were each one solid piece, and so the "iceberg" was constructed of better materials and was more smoothly finished.  I have awarded "Penguin Pile-up" only 4 stars because of its lesser quality when compared to other Ravensburger products.
My 12-year-old daughter is NUTS about penguins, so I was delighted to find this game for her.  Even though she's way above the minimum recommended age, I just had a feeling she'd like it.  As it turned out, it's a lot of fun for all ages.The penguins come in three parts and have to be snapped together.  I didn't mind this, but most of them didn't fit together that well, leaving a gap on top of the head.  But more disturbing is their blank, all-white eyes.  My daughter commented that they looked "kind of creepy," and though I didn't say anything, I thought, yeah, they look like zombie penguins!  So I took a black Sharpie and drew a little dot on each eye.  That really gave them personality!  Then they were quite cute (even with the gaps on top of their heads).The principle of placing the penguins on the iceberg is very simple, but once the iceberg gets to tipping a bit, things get tricky.  I found myself challenged, but in a fun way.  Then my 16-year-old son got in on the action, and he enjoyed playing, too.  And the game goes a lot quicker with more than two people playing.  Plus it's less frustrating because each person has fewer penguins to place.When playing with young children, I would recommend giving them fewer penguins than older players to make things fair and to give them a shot at winning.  For VERY young children, you might even take the iceberg off the stand so that it doesn't tip.  It will still be a challenge for them.Additionally, the game can be used for solitary play.  It's fun to see how many penguins you can stack on by yourself.  And the penguins are just fun to play with.  We had them lining up and dancing.  I can imagine that my daughter will play with this a lot, and we clearly won't have any trouble talking my son into playing, too.I think this is an excellent game that is GREAT for teaching good eye-hand coordination.  My only complaints would be that the pieces should be manufactured to tighter tolerances (especially for this price) and they need to have better eyes.  But neither issue is a deal-breaker.  I'm really glad we got this.
Penguin Pile-Up can be best described as different take on the old "Don't Spill the Beans" formula.  You essentially pile things onto a balanced platform and the one who knocks them over loses.The beauty of this formula is you can play in a couple different ways, first to place all penguins, first to knock one down, etc.  The game is easy to set up, learn, and play.  That said, I found my 6 year had the dexterity to play while my 4 year old was struggling with it.If there are any gripes with this set, it's that the penguins need to be assembled which takes a bit considering you have 24 to build as well as, unfortunately, needing a bit of hand strength to get them to pop together.Otherwise this is a fun little game that can be played quickly out of the box. (again after initial penguin assembly).  Also, it comes in a fairly sturdy box which is nice, as games boxes can see quite the wear and tear in my house.
The game has a very basic concept. You have lots of penguins which you then need to balance on a iceberg. The iceberg wobbles and moves so you need a steady hand to place them. It starts off easy but gets harder by the penguin. You each get some penguins and take turns adding them onto the iceberg when they fall off you then take them into your hand and carry one. My four year old loved the game. The only thing that drove me mad was putting the penguins together. They arrived in three pieces and Some of them did not go together well at all.Overall this is a fun simple game to play. Easy to set up. I was able to play a round with my son while I held my four month old baby on my lap. I think her movement probably made it a more equal game for steady hands.
The children love to play it, mostly to watch the penguins fall off and they laugh like crazy.  Assembling the penguins (each is 3 pieces) can be a bit challenging because they don't all go to together easily.  Once that is done, then you are home free.  However, the balance on the "iceberg" is somewhat touchy and putting penguins on the iceberg safely is not as easy as it looks.  Still, the kids love playing it and that is what matters.
This is a great game for young kids. It teaches reasoning and strategy.  kids really enjoy this game.  They laugh whenever the penguins fall off on my turn.  This game is a lot of fun for kids of all ages.  Great family game.
Assembling the 25 penguins (they give you an extra) was tedious. There is no other assembly.The gameplay is straightforward. Add penguins one at a time and if any fall, you have to keep them. Get rid of all your penguins and you win. This is one of many balance games out there. The penguin theme is nice.Rated for 5+, but a 4 year old can can play if he or she can tolerate the frustration of having penguins fall,  which is the core feature of the game.The quality is OK; a little flimsy for Ravensburger. The iceberg wouldn't stand up to any serious accidental or intentional abuse (such as being stood upon). The box is very sturdy.Gameplay is fun for younger and older children, but more geared to younger children. A nice quick game for a parent to play with a child. Requires no reading. There are no complicated rules.  Good for mixed age play.
I got this game through the Amazon Vine program to review.  My five year old and I have played it together a number of times and it is a pretty fun game.Just a warning up front...you have to assemble all of the penguins.  It took my family maybe 15 mintues to do that, it's something you only need to do once.  My son actually got a kick out of building these penguins, so it wasn't completely a bad thing.The purpose of the game is to stack your penguins on the iceberg in such a way that they don't fall off.  The first person to get all their penguins on the iceberg wins.  Just be careful the iceberg swings and sways so you have to be careful not to knock off other penguins.  It you do they go into your pile.This is a super easy and quick game that is lots of fun.  Placing the penguins requires dexterity and also requires strategy.  You need to place the penguins in a way that they cause the least movement in the iceberg; it's an interesting lesson in balancing.  Also the slopes that you set the penguins on are diffrent steepness, so you have to figure out which steepness the penguins can sit on.  Also the direction the penguins face on the slope contributes to whether or not they will stay up there.So there's a lot of interesting physics involved but it's a very simple game.  The penguins are cute and when they fall off it's kind of funny.  There was a lot of laughing and giggling during this game.  Especially when the iceberg really got moving and the penguins were sliding and swaying.The only negative to this game is the dexterity involved. My son had a bit of trouble moving the pieces as carefully as me and my husband were able to.  Still there were a number of games he did win.  I think by next year he will be giving us a run for our money.The game comes in a basic box.  We ended up putting in a baggy to hold the penguins.  Also you have to take the flag off of the top of the iceberg for everything to fit in the box.  Still the set up is very quick.Overall this is a fun game to teach dexterity and physics.  Super easy and quick to set up and lots of fun to play with younger kids.  Adults will find this to be a fun game to play with kids as well.  I would also recommendAnimal Upon Animalas a similar game that is slightly more complex and a bit more fun for adults and children alike.
The premise of this game is pretty simple.  Everybody gets an equal number of penguins and you each take turns putting it on the iceberg (which is balanced on a point at the tip).  Any penguins knocked over during the span of your turn become yours.  The first player to get rid of his/her penguins wins!My 6 year old and I really enjoyed the game.  She has global developmental delays and I was pleased to see how she was able to work on her fine motor skills by carefully placing each penguin successfully.  To make it easier, you can adjust the number of penguins that each players begins with.  I also found that it helped with proprioceptive development (this is your body's sense of where it is in space; e.g. how your body can walk up a flight of stairs without your foot brushing each step and without needing to look at your feet) in that she had to be wary of how her hand would brush against any other penguins as she placed her piece.My only complaint is that task of assembling the penguins when you first receive the game.  Each penguin is comprised of 3 plastic parts.  It was not so simple to snap them together as they didn't click very well each time.  And even when they did click, sometimes there was a gap at the top of the penguin's head.  Given manufacturing processes, I don't see how it would have been so difficult to develop a hollow plastic penguin that is already assembled or comprised of a single piece when the game is shipped.Other than that, it's an excellent game and I'd recommend it for your game collection.
The game itself is fun. I'm not sure why it is rate 5 and up (unless it is for small parts). My 3 year old can play with the older kids. You balance the penguins on the wobbly ice. Don't make the penguins fall! Easy concept. Challenging. And fun.The penguins themselves come in 3 separate pieces, which you have to put together before the kids can play the game. It isn't difficult, but there are quite a few penguins to make. I really wish the penguins came put together and in one piece. The kids can easily take the penguins apart, leaving you to remake penguins as they unmake them. This makes an otherwise very kid independent game very mom intensive.
This game is a lot of fun to play. The skill involves getting the penguins onto the iceberg. It will appeal to kids (and parents) who like games such as Don't Break the Ice and Don't Spill the Beans.It's a nice change from games like Candyland because of the hands-on aspect. It doesn't involve recognizing colors, etc. However, it does teach about the importance of planning your next move, and also some cause-and-effect. This makes it a nice addition to round out your pile of games.As I noted about Funny Bunny, another new Ravensburger game, it would be great if the price was a bit lower. I wouldn't hesitate to pick this up for $9.99, but $15-$20 seems a bit high, particularly since the quality of the iceberg seems low. Also, make sure you leave enough time to assemble the penguins---you can't play it straight out of the box.  I've knocked off a star for those reasons, but recommend overall.
We've played this with our 7 and 12 year olds and had many laughs.  It's a simple concept, the penguins are cute and it's always fun to see who will create the biggest penguin spill!  You do need a decent level of dexterity, so kids under 5 or 6 may get frustrated.  Overall, lots of fun!
It is a cute game. The object is to balance the penguins on the iceberg. The iceberg and water are two pieces, the iceberg is balances on a pole sticking out of the water. The idea is to take turns putting on the penguins, and whoever tips it's over, loses. It is definitely fun.The reason I deducted a star was because you have to put the penguins together. They come in three pieces and they can be a bit difficult to put together.
As a kind of nouveau take onPick-Up SticksorJenga, Penguin Pile-Up has players stack penguins on a teetering platform.  Any penguins a player knocks off are returned to their had to play, and the player to place all of their penguins first wins.  That said, the platform doesn't really give that much, wo while the game was a learning challenge in balance for my 3yo who likes to put all the penguins on one side, my 6yo can play flawlessly without ever knocking off a penguin.  The 5+ yo rating is due to small parts (the penguins come in pieces and need to be assembled), but I think you 3yo and 4yo crowd will have more fun with this game than the actual 5yo-and-up for whom it's recommended.  In all, it's a durable, fun little family game.
Our preschoolers love this game--me not so much.  Nonetheless, it's great to teach them patience, hand-eye coordination, hand agility, lightness of touch, and game etiquette, in that they have to be still and respect others player's turns more so than in regular board games.  There's a bit of luck in it,  but they also have to learn a bit about physics and balance in order to succeed in the game. It's also cute and generates conversation among the little ones, particularly those who love penguins.
I'm sure there are others out there like me who don't ever want to have to sit through another game of Candy Land. The Penguin Pile-Up is a welcome change from some of the other kiddo games.  My four year old son and I played this over the holiday and both had fun.As others have mentioned, assembly of the penguins is required. No batteries or obnoxious noises are a big plus.  Each player takes turns balancing their penguins on the iceberg. If some fall, you inherit the fallen ones, and whoever gets rid of all their penguins first wins.I tried a few modifications, such as using less than 12 penguins each to start. Makes it easier and less frustrating to get started. This may not be necessary with older kids, but our four year old did good with this. The other was to take the iceberg off the wobble board and practice doing it flat on the table. He was good to go back on the board after a couple rounds like this.Overall a good game and I'm a fan of any game that works on fine motor skills and requires a bit of planning and thinking.
We got this for our 6 year-old daughter, and she loves it. We ordered it for our family game night. It isn't a board game. Every review contains a summary of the game, so I won't bore you with mine. It is cute, though, and it is even fun for adults. Some people complained about the quality of the game, but I was pretty impressed. I would definitely buy it as a gift for a child ages 5-10. It certainly gets kids laughing.
My 4 and 6 year old love this game!  I will say that it is a little difficult to balance all the penguins on the iceberg and takes some patience and careful skill!  But that is what makes this game a winner because it is not a simple game that kids will get bored with - they will keep trying until they get the balance right!  The object of the game is to divide the penguins between players then take turns placing them on a wobbly iceberg.  If any penguins fall off when placing your penguin, you have to keep those penguins.  The first person to get all of their penguins on the iceberg wins.  The iceberg is made of a hard plastic - it seems like it might be flimsy but it is actually pretty durable.  The top part of the iceberg balances on top of a small column on top of the base - it will wobble a little but can sit straight.  The penguins are two plastic pieces that snap together - also a more sturdy plastic.  This game can be played in a short amount of time - 15-20 minutes depending on how fast you can get the penguins on, so it is great for young kids with short attention spans!  But it can be played over and over again - great for a rainy or cold day!  You can even set up a tournament if you have multiple players!
I don't think my 5 and 8 year old kids have completed this game once.  Every time they start, they end up playing penguins in Antarctica together.  It's actually very cute to watch and I guess its better than the fighting, bickering, and cheating that goes on in other games.  So, in short, unless an adult is planning to play and stick to the rules, kids imagination will want to wander and may end up doing something else completely.  My opinion on it is that if my kids are happy and aren't fighting, let 'em play this game however they want.
Young children will enjoy Ravenburger's Penguin Pile-Up game. The concept is quite simple, yet a whole lot of fun.The object of the game, similar to other balancing games, is to place your penguins on the ice without tipping the ice and making the penguins fall off. The more penguins you add to the iceberg, the more unstable it gets. The first player to get all of their penguins on the ice is the winner. It's a simple, and fairly quick game that can be played by 1 to 6 players of nearly all ages.
This batting trainer is very easy to use for a young player and works pretty well. For the youngest of players, you may need to assist in getting the ball going and occasionally starting it up again after a miss or a poorly hit ball. It does work well for teaching a child to time their swing in order to get the best contact. The foam bat included is good for very young players, or maybe using indoors in an area with some good room, but I had my daughter switch to her softball bat to get used to swinging that and it worked fine as well. I think this is a very good trainer to teach a young player hand/eye coordination and timing of their swing.
This summer my son was in a city t-ball league and it quickly because obvious that he required some extra practice at home. We got this to help us out with hitting. It was very easy to set up. The way the ball hangs is a little tricky for my son to figure out, but after a few tries he can usually get some good swings in. It also converts easily to a traditional T-ball stand. Glad we got this, can't wait for real t-ball season to begin!
I have an 8 year old and 6 year old, so I got this thinking they could practice their swing.  This is good for indoors or outdoors and it was very easy to put together.  Just slip the plastic poles together and it's ready.It's not the sturdiest piece of equipment, but as long as the base is filled with water, it won't tip over.My kids immediately knew what to do, but you really have to hit the ball hard in order for it to swing back the right way.Overall, it's good if you're looking for something simple for your kids to practice their swing and they don't have anybody to throw them the ball.
This batting trainer keeps my son busy!  He is 4 years old and love hitting the ball when it unwinds itself.  You fill the base up with water and that helps so it doesn't topple over (Which it has taken a big beating and hasn't flipped over yet).  This is all plastic and the softball is very large and very soft.  The bat too is soft perfect for younger kids.  This unit was very easy to set up.  For the price it is Ok.
Previously I had bought the big version of this batting trainer for my daughter, as she was struggling on the hitting aspect of her game. When I saw that SKLZ had this youth version I immediately thought about my nephew that is six years old. It was a blast! He enjoys so much his new equipment that he wants to sleep with it. First day he spent more than four hours playing with it and definitely he was starting hitting the ball much better at the end of the four hours. Best part is that he was so tired that he did not complain when sent to bed! But for more "serious" training, there is the need of an adult supervision to adjust the level of the ball (height and distance) as this changes after a few hits. But if it last one year of some use (not intense), it will already be worth the money.
I wasn't sure how well this would work for older kids, but my 13 year old daughter has been loving it. At first she tried it inside and it works super great on our hardwood floors (although the sound of it rolling is not exactly relaxing). Once outside, it is a little harder and not quite as fast and easy to maneuver, but she still enjoys it. A few of the kids in the neighborhood have given it a try and they too are liking it. Soon we'll be putting it away for the winter, but this really is pretty cool. It's small and pretty light-weight which will make it convenient to store in the basement or shed. This is one more thing in addition to their bikes and scooters to help entertain your kids while they are outside getting some fresh air and exercise. I wouldn't mind getting another one come spring so when she has a friend over they can both be out using them.
First out of the box this car seemed easy to put together. While it wasn't "hard" per se, it had it's tricky parts. My first suggestion is to definitely have a mallet. Some pieces need to be hammered in place and if you don't use a rubber mallet, you need to use a piece of wood to protect the car because a regular hammer can damage it. Luckily I had a mallet. I did manage to put the wheels on the wrong sides, but that was an easy fix. The hex tool that came with the car didn't work at all and you need to tighten the screw in the steering wheel pretty tight. Thankfully we had the right size tool for the job and the instruction's were correct in what you needed. I did take off one star for assembly, but once you get it together, life is good.I tested this car with two five year old's weighing just over 30 pounds, a 7 year old weighing just over 40 pounds, me (mommy) weighing 125 pounds, and my husband weighing 140 pounds. The car fit each of us well, although my husband looked a bit scrunched, he was still comfortable riding it. It seems to go faster the heavier you are and the further back you sit on the seat. However, after just a couple minutes each of the kids got the hang of it and they were able to have fun riding instead of simply creeping along. We set up an obstacle course with some plastic cones and the kids were able to maneuver their way around the cones. Our drive is long and wide and relatively flat and everyone was able to get and keep the car moving.This car is a ton of fun for a number of reasons. The first is that anyone (up to 220 pounds) can ride it. So, it's something the whole family can do and get a good lough out of it. The kids got to be introduced to some simple physics and learning while having fun is always a good thing. It's a fun way to get a little exercise because you do have to work for movement by turning the steering wheel. It even required some critical thinking as you had to figure out what you needed to do to get speed and keep going, especially when we set up the obstacle course.The car doesn't go fast, so we didn't put the kids in helmets, but you can fall off (each of the kids fell off at least once turning the steering wheel too hard around a curve). If our driveway was on any sort of incline or hill they would absolutely have to be in helmet and pads. This car is fun, but a different kind of fun than a traditional bike or a go cart. No speeding along, no wheelies - but still quite fun. I don't think it would take the place of a bike for a child, but it's really neat for getting the whole family outside playing together. The kids can't wait to take it to grandma's and have her take it for a spin!
We have three kids, 11, 11 and 13.  They surprisingly love to scoot around on this.  Whether it's intended purpose was to scoot on the ice or not, we live in Wisconsin and the freeze over our park and the really big thrill for our kids is to play with this on the ice.This car is house safe.  Driveway and sidewalk safe and easy to use.  And unexplainably fun to use in its simplicity.
This Plasma Car is the perfect gift for a family! Four of our grandkids, aged 10, 7,5,and 10 months all enjoy playing on this car. Their house is all hardwood floors and so they can race through the entire house! A happy circumstance, asthe car does not run on carpeting.The Plasma Car is super simple to learn to use. The 10 yr old is autistic and physically handicapped and very easily picked up the movements needed to control the car.As a grandparent, I try to find toys that will interest the kids, and yet are really all about PLAYING. No batteries, no video games. This beautiful toy fits the bill perfectly! I highly recommend it!
This is one of the coolest kid toys/cars I have ever seen. When I first read into how the car worked, I couldn't believe that you could get a car, with all of your body weight on it, to move just by wiggling the steering wheel back and forth. Not only does it work, it is EASY. It took a little time to get used to it, but after you do, it's a lot of fun. The car moves easily on smooth surfaces, but can have some difficulty on non-smooth and uneven surfaces.The only reason I gave the car 4 stars instead of 5 is because the assembly instructions are a misleading. The directions in the assembly guide say that the wheel legs should be hammered in until they click. There is no mechanism inside that makes a clicking sound. You just need to hammer them in until they are stable - this took two tries for us.The car is a little on the pricey side, but it can be used for many years. It's definitely worth the price!
We gave this to my five year old son for Christmas. He loves it.  The color is great.  It is built really well.  My 8 year old daughter was also having fun playing with it.  I was impressed that it can hold up to 250 lbs or something crazy like that.  I even sat on it and showed them how to use it.  It states not to use it on hard wood floors, that is all we have in our house.  So I had them take it to the basement on carpet and it went pretty well, we just didn't have a lot of space there.  I am very excited to see how it goes on our road in the spring.  Has the potential to be a very fun car.
My son absolutely loved his plasmacar and he rode it just about everyday during decent weather. even my 14 month old was able to get the hang of it by watching us twist it. she wasnt great at it but it amused even her. AFter owning this about 18 months it no longer works =( it was left outside in the wet weather and the bolts, screws, whatever is as the bottom of the steering handle and where it meets the wheels has rusted over so that we can no longer turn it. its stuck in place. so be aware that this should be brought under shelter during the wet season...which is almost everyday for some people lol.
My kids range in age from 2 through 13.  When we first opened this up, I thought because of the size it'd only be fun for my four year old.  I was wrong!  My 13 year old daughter fits on this as well.  A great buy!!
Like others have said the PlasmaCar is great on the right surface. Luckily our driveway is smooth enough for proper operation. I can see how the car would get bogged down on a rough surface. When we move our cars out of the garage the PlasmaCar is amazing on smooth concert of the garage floor. I've read other reviews about people using the PlasmaCar indoors. I'm sure it would work well on our hardwood floors but we're not comfortable with the car zipping around inside.Overall the car is a lot of fun (even adults under 220 pounds can ride it). If you have a flat smooth open area this toy is perfect for your kids.
In my title I state that it is awesome for rainy days because that is when it arrived.  It was a build that only required a Philips screwdriver and rubber mallet and before long the kids were fighting over it that afternoon.Is it fun?  Absolutely!  It is a bit pricey?  Not anymore... I originally purchased this item in 2009 for my nephew and it was so much more expensive at that point.  Can us adults fit on it?  Yes, but it sure hurts my ahem* bigger booty.  It's pretty funny watching my legs cramped and bent in the most awkward position.  I am not winning any races; I will leave the imagery at that.  The point that I am trying to make is that up to a 220 pound adult can ride on a smooth surface.  The number seriously declines when you reach the sidewalk or rough surface to about 110 pounds.  My husband did not enjoy it because he can't keep his legs in that position, but the kiddies aged 6, nearly 9 and 10 had a ball and were swift and fluid in their maneuvers.  We have hardwood flooring and it seems that this is one of the best surfaces for optimal speed and maneuverability.  It struggled on our rug that is in our bedroom, and there was a bit of stiffness once it hit the sidewalk the next day.  I do not see this being able to go over grass or thick carpet in a home.I love that this toy has such an amazing and expansive age/weight range.  Everyone can take a whirl and feel young again.  I don't see it being thrown into the basement until they are into their teens.  Even then I believe creative boys can find a way to play with it ;).Highly recommend for the quality build and ease of use.  Most importantly it isn't restrictive with the age, weight & height requirements.  I do wish they made a bigger one for adults.  We want to play too sometimes even if we must appear to be fools to the outside world.  I had purchased this item for my nephews and niece and couldn't review because I had not tinkered with the 'car' personally.  I have now experienced and fallen in love as have the kids.
The car itself is about 8" long, 3.5" high, 3.5" wide, and made of plastic. Car itself looks good. For the price it is about what you would find offered by others in the same range. The controls are basic (forward/backwards with small sterring wheel for side to side) and the car will run on both carpet and hard floors. Also works on sidewalks and drive ways but I think prolonged outdoor use would shorten its life as it isn't that dirt resistant. Battery life is good. It takes one 9v and 2 AA's to get up and running.  Overall a good choice for the price point.
This is a conventional R/C car, but the controls are unique.  Instead of two sticks, you get an interface that mimics an actual car.  I think a lot of kids would really enjoy that.The car itself is a good quality if you consider the lower price point.The car is quick and responsive to the controls, which are easy to use.  It takes three AAs and 1 9V battery, and the AAs seem to last for several hours (the 9V much longer).Something about the wheels makes it easy to do slides in this car, which I found fun.  I ran into walls a few times, and the car wasn't damaged at all by that.This is a good value for someone who is not necessarily looking for the top of the line R/C car, but rather just wants a fun toy that is properly made at a reasonable price.
To read some of these reviewers, you'd think they expected this RC car to have tight steering, variable speed control, and suspension.  It's a $20 RC car!  I expect it to run when I put in the batteries and be reasonably fun to play with.  Indeed, it turned out to be a pretty good little toy with a few small issues.  First, to get the car out of the box requires a little phillips head screwdriver.  I was a little surprised that it was secured with screws - I couldn't just rip it out and play.  The controller takes a 9V battery and the car takes two AA batteries.  These are not included, but I had a bunch ofAmazonBasics AA NiMH Precharged Rechargeable Batteries-8-Pack, 2000 mAhcharged and ready to go, so I popped them in and started playing.  The controller has a small rubberized antenna on it (no poking your eye out on this controller), and the car has an internal only antenna.  Range seems pretty decent - I ran it all around my house and had no issues.Yes, the car is a little slow, but for a 3V powered car, it is fast enough for my boys to enjoy chasing it around.  The controller has a forward and a back button, and a steering-wheel style control for turning it.  Lots of these cheaper cars don't have a steering wheel type control - it is a major plus and my kids commented that it made the car more fun to drive.  It doesn't drive incredibly straight, but once again, it's a $20 car.  I was plenty pleased with what I got for the price, and think that it's a great little starter RC car for a little kid just getting the hang of it. You can even get it to do some neat tricks like spinning out if you drive in one direction and suddenly reverse it.  Recommended toy for hours of fun.
I bought a lot of these Maisto RC Cars this Christmas.  I gave away 5 of them.  And I got to see all the kids use them.Mine actually only took 2 AA batteries, not 3 as the listing states.  And it works much better than the Maisto Karmann Ghia that I bought that was 27MHz and took 3 batteries.One thing that really struck me is how nicely these cars fishtail and spin out on engineered hardwoods.  I mean, Pergo style floors.  This added a whole new element to the play.  If you took a hard turn and cut the motor it would do a 180 and you could drive it back to you.That being said, these are definitely low quality RC toys.  I believe that they are "all or nothing" on the steering and the accelerator.  If you want to turn slightly left, you tap the control for a half second.  If you want to do a hard left, you hold the control.The lack of fine motor control makes these somewhat limited in play value.  But they LOOK great and they seem to be somewhat durable.They are also extremely light and weigh almost nothing.  And for the price, I think they are pretty good.  i don't regret my purchases.  The kids had fun.
This is a good value for the advertised price - stylish design, good details, light (its plastic) and a very entertaining "entry-level" R/C toy.  Not sure who the target audience is, but my 8 year old has a blast entertaining my 2 year old with it. Neither one couldn't care less whether it is a 67 Mustang (a red one at that).  But now, I own a classic car and it runs on batteries (not included).  Finally a classic car I can afford the insurance and upkeep....  Combined with hours of fun for the kids, this is a good value.  Part of the fun comes from the fact that the wheels don't seem aligned, the steering wheel mostly works on a prayer and direction changes can be random and the speed is (too low to print).  With screws to hold the remote and the car, the packaging is more robust than what my smartphones came in... Overall, a good value.
My son is 6 years old and he instantly fell in love with this Mustang.  The downside (not really!) is that the vehicle is not a cherry red but rather a darker shade.  That was my Husband's complaint.  The rims are gorgeous and the vehicle is detailed wonderfully throughout.  I did believe that the toy would be a bit larger but it is about 8.5 inches long and plastic.  It resembles die cast metal from a good distance though.The controls are simple enough for a six year old to operate.  What I didn't like was the fact that he cannot get a handle when controlling around our apartment.  Turns are a big issue because your are stuck with one speed.  Even with that shortcoming, it is still a great and reasonably priced toy for the little & big boys in your life for this Holiday season.Highly recommend if you want to play around with it and not leave it on the shelf.  You won't feel guilt at this price point.
This was very easy to assemble, just fit a few screws into pre-drilled holes.  Both of my 3-year-olds can stand on it and rock it side to side without falling.  This isn't the kind of toy that kids play with for a long stretch of time, at least not in our house, but they can't seem to resist standing on it for a minute or two whenever they happen to walk past it.  That includes some older kids and yes, even I have tried it out a few times in the three months or so that it's been in our house.  Sturdy enough for grown-ups.
love this toy!  My kids, ages 4-10 love using this awesome toy.  They have made a game out of trying to push each other off while balancing, and it has become one of their "daily user" toys.  The aspect I love most about this toy is that it is SUPER durable.  I loved this thing so much, I bought another one!
My 6 year old and 11 year old both play on this rocking toy. It seems to work for them well and so far.... no accidents.  My 16 year old son has even gotten on it and it still held up!Overall, the kids play on it ... somewhat.  Its small enough to stash under the coffee table and strong enough to hold big brother.
We gave this to our 3 and 5 year olds for Christmas.  It just took a Phillips head screwdriver and a few minutes to assemble. Both kids really enjoyed it and so did their cousins ages 2 and 3.  It is cute, simple, fun and sturdy (I did not see a weight limit on it but ours has stood up under the weight of adults too!)I like the simplicity of the toy and how each kid played with it a bit different (some balanced, some tried to slide off of it, others surfed or pretended it was a skateboard).  The only complaint I have is that if your kids are wearing socks, it can be slippery.
This is a great choice for a balance board for little ones.  The monkey graphics are colorful & cute.  The construction is great - I weigh 200 lbs and it feels more that capable handling my weight.  Assembly is easy and straightforward - 6 screws and you're done.An item like this "is what it is" so to speak: it's a balance board, and whether your child will play with it very much depends upon his or her interests and physical proclivities.  My 3 year old daughter hasn't spent tons of time on it, but that isn't our expectation.  A few minutes here or there will suffice to help her to develop her coordination.  That's our goal, and this item meets our expectations wonderfully given it's cute design and quality construction.
The balance board was rather hard to assemble, because as with other Alex wooden toys, the pre-drilled holes wouldn't line up. After finally getting it assembled, I found out it was too slippery to use while wearing socks, at least for me, my kids didn't complain on it being slippery, maybe the weight plays a role? Anyway, it works very well, seems to be sturdy, and kids love it. Even my 3-yr old figured it out in no time, and enjoys balancing on it.
This Monkey Balance Board is made of wood. It is like a little see-saw. It does require assembly with tools. (Putting screws and nuts in place to attach the bottom rocking pieces.) My kids love it. It is a little too difficult for my 18 month old, but my 3 year old, 5 year old, and 6 year old enjoy it. The kids will want to use it barefoot or with shoes on. (No socks! Too slippery. Found that out quickly.) Kids can stand on it and rock back and forth. When they first start using it, I suggest putting it near a wall or high back chair so they can grab onto something for balance if needed.
I've noticed the way kids gravitate to the toys on the playground that they balance and spin on. My children often will turn over boxes and toys to use as 'stepping stones' during play. When I saw the Alex Balance Board, I knew they would enjoy it.It came packed flat and required a few screws to assemble which wasn't difficult for me. We used a small handheld drill for these kind of projects. It is very sturdy. The wood is think and the paint is good quality. No chipping thus far and the board has held up well.My 5 yr old very much enjoys this toy. He likes to balance while watching TV. My daughter (9) and him play quite a bit on it while trying to catch flying objects like rubber balls and small stuffed animals. They also like to place things on it and play 'scale', to see which will tip one side over another. Its even doubled as a My Little Pony stage in the past week.My children are bigger, 5 and 9 (60 and 100lbs) and they use this just fine. Not sure how high of a weight it will take, but I am not ready to assume it would hold me. However, it is durable, being dropped and slid across hardwood and tossed into bins and into the closet.We like to use it on a carpet, but it has been on hardwood. The fear on the hardwood is slippage, as it could slide out from underneath little, unsure feet. We don't use it outside, as I see this as strictly an inside toy. When we are done with it, I can see it being donated to our former preschool and enjoyed for a long time.
I tried this board out on 8-11 year old boys, and they all liked it. Some of the more athletic boys were able to do tricks and hop around, or just balance on one foot. They all expressed that it was pretty easy for just balancing, so based on that information I think it would be better for 3-6 year olds. The packaging also seems to cater to that age of child.Recommended for 3-6 year olds, and the product is extremely durable and attractive!
While no professional yo-yo by a long shot this yo-yo will still bring you much enjoyment and operates fairly balanced and with good weight. Its main feature is that it lights up! It is sure to amaze the kids and even the simplest tricks, if done in low light or the dark, will look great. I'm no master but the few tricks I do know and pulled off in a dim room made for a great light show. Kids always want to use yo-yos no matter how small they are and be warned. A yo-yo can be dangerous for young kids. Also since the strings are quite long and kids are short not many of then can use them properly. I think a 7 year old, with motivation could perhaps get the hang of it. A box to stand on could help. Shortening the string works but lessens what the yo-yo can do. Still for anyone who loves yo-yos or is just getting started, this is a eye opener. Enjoy.
I thought getting this was kind of a novelty, and that my sons would grow tired of the flashing lights and go back to his traditional yo-yo. However, it's been three months and he still plays with it. He says it has the right weight and snaps back with ease. It's been three months, and I've yet to change the batteries, which was my major concern about this toy. I guess I have no choice but to give it a high rating given the fact that my son loves it so much.
While I'm not an avid yo-yo person, I can execute the "around the world" and "walk the dog" tricks competently, so those are the ones I first attempted.  The action of the yo-yo on the string was quite smooth, with no twisting, thus the yo-yo moved up and down without spinning out of control (i.e. in the horizontal fashion common to cheaper yo-yos, where the string rubs on a yo-yo edge).  Another feature of the yo-yo is the multi-colored strobe effect.  The lights flash when the yo-yo leaves your hand and keep flashing until the yo-yo is back in your palm.  In addition, the yo-yo comes with Brain Lube, a lubricant, so that the yo-yo's out-of-the-package performance can be maintained.  And that's not all!  There's also an extra string AND a DVD of tips and tricks.  Pretty good bang for the buck.  If you want a quality yo-yo, this one fits the bill.
If you are looking for a simple toy yo-yo for a young child, this is not your toy. But it doesn't advertise itself to be. The advertising says this is for the intermediate user, and I absolutely agree with that. The Yo-Yo comes with a fantastic instructional video that will walk you through some of the moves. It also comes with an oil lubricant and extra string.My 7 year old loved that the yo-yo lights up. He had fun playing this in the dark. To really get the most out of the instructional video, I'd rate this for maybe ages 9 and up. But as a fun, light up yo-yo, this can be used with younger kids just fine.
I am NOT a yo-yo afficionado, but I can say that the yo-yo works like a yo-yo but with the added bonus of strobe light effects.  To truly appreciate, you do need someone to operate the yo-yo who can do so well enough to do it in the dark in order to get the full show.  For the advanced user looking for a gimmick to impress briefly his friends, cousins, and small children.
I have never gotten a Yo Yo that came with oil.  But this thing is really technical so I think its needed.  I mention this first in my review because I think you should decide if you want a yo yo that needs to be oiled now and then.  It also comes with an extra string.So this thing is quite serious, before you even get to the ball bearings.The light show helps to bring users into the 21s century, we are all used to being dazzled a bit more than the kids of yesteryear.The DVD is good quality, but, DVDs can only show you some ideas on what to do.  Whats really needed is PRACTICE.  Is your child willing to practice? Only you know.I think this would be a good stocking stuffer for most kids.
This Yomega Lightbeam yo yo is not your old school yo yo.  With ball bearings on the inside and LED lights on the outside, there are lots of extras here. A DVD is included to teach your average yo yoer some new tricks.After some play with this toy, we aren't sure that it is really much better than your standard yo yo.  Of course with added features there are added things that could break.  So far the yo yo seems durable.  And because the kit includes extra string and oil for the ball bearings, there is some allowance made for potential breaking.So here's the bottom line:Pros:Very pretty with the flashing LED lightsYo yo moves smoothly with the ball bearingsLong stringExtra string and oil includedTrick DVD incoludedCons:With more "technology", there is more chance for breakage.All the "extras" don't really make the yo yo work significantly better
I'm not all that experienced with Yo-Yo's myself, but the Yomega Lightbeam comes as a nice, high-quality package with an instructional DVD, extra string and lube pen to keep it spinning. The ball-bearing system obviously keeps it spinning longer than your traditional yo-yo (even a novice like me picks up on that) and while the LED's seem like just a gimmick, they do make you more apt to pick it up and give it a whirl. It makes a great gift to those who know their way around a yo-yo and enough to capture the curiosity of those who aren't (I've caught my wife playing with it three times now).
This is an awesome yo-yo, and I totally love it. You read the reviews, calling it the 'cadillac' of yo-yo's. It's true and you really feel like you've got a piece of quality in your hands.That said, I haven't used it very much (probably 90 minutes total, max) since I got it and already one of the sides is dying off. I will have to pop the side open and replace the battery. Wish it had lasted longer.But I'd actually buy one again... it's that cool.
My 4 year old son was in love with this from the moment that he saw it. He loves sharks and so this was on his "must have" list. The boat rolls or floats so you can use it in the tub or on dry land. He can play with it for hours with nothing else needed but some imagination. Very durable and lots of fun!
My son has had this toy for a few months and seems to enjoy it.  He doesn't use it in the bathtub, there were too many parts for me to want to put it in there!  He really likes that the shark can eat things and then you can get them out again (mostly he's eating the guys, but that's a 6 year old for you!).  He likes that you can take parts off of the boat and use them for different things or by themselves also.  Pretty entertaining for his age.
My kids really enjoy this toy.  There are plenty of features to keep them entertained.  Sometimes it is building new combinations of boats, sometimes it is using the shark to chomp on other bath toys (those poor Sesame Street figures).  The shark is great.  Its jaws open when you move its fin, and it has a drainage hole.  The ship doesn't float too well, but the crane works.  I recommend it.
The good news is there are a lot of pieces, encouraging kids to take it apart and put it together and trying different ways.  I do (as always) worry about pieces getting lost although it does seem it would still be good even if it wound up missing a few parts.  Good for puzzle and construction skills as well as imagination.  My six year old son is simply happy, no matter how many pieces there are or where they wind up.  Though he does worry about the guy or any small parts going down the drain.  For the most part he takes it in the tub but he does like the fact that it has wheels and can be used on land.  He is having a lot of fun with it.  He has told everyone that he has this toy and talks up a storm about it (mostly that it goes on land or water and has a shark.  So if you want to know what a six year old would think... there you have it.  His older cousin has this on his wish list and he is ten so I think that's the general age range it would appeal to.  Seems reasonably well made, I'm not worried about it breaking at all.  I believe it should be priced around $30 to $40 for what you are getting.  It gets four stars from me because it's a good toy but not fantastic and it could be a little bit cheaper.
When I ordered this toy I originally planned to give it to a neighbor's son for a birthday gift.  My 12 year old girl saw it first and said "are you crazy... we have to keep this"  Her two younger sisters quickly agreed.  I can't believe the stories they have made up playing with this toy.  So far it has held up great.
The Matchbox Mega Rig Shark Adventure is a lot of fun, my sons love it and my husband likes it as well. There are a lot of different combinations that might be a little hard to do for littler kids, my 3 year old managed to use it on his own once my husband showed him how, but he didn't always get it to stay together. There are a few smaller pieces that might get lost so we put them all in a baggie to keep them with the bigger pieces.This boat actually floats! That is a pretty cool feature in itself, but it also has a shark that makes for fun bath time play, although it is just as much fun out of the water. I think this would make an excellent holiday gift and would recommend it for young boys that like to build and play in different ways.
My two boys, ages 3 & 6, have so much fun playing with this boat. Since becoming a mom, I noticed there just isn't enough multi functional toys to choose from. This has it all! The boat can be reconfigured in unlimited ways even making two or three boats altogether. The boat can have wheels or float in the bathtub. The kids can save the shark or run from it. It includes a shark tank cage and diver along with a diving boat that is used for separate adventures. The builder set also includes some potable men, shark catching and mounting gear, and a large shark that has an open slot in the belly so it can be fed. There is a captains cabin that the men can be set in and several interchanging boat equipment. The large boat is almost a foot and a half long, a very generous size and a big wow- factor to my young kids. The shark is maybe 8 inches and seems to be a favorite toy for different playing opportunities. Highly recommended for the preschool to preteen age groups.
In order for this to be perfect for my 4 year old grandson, it would need to have a train and a dinosaur incorporated somehow.  Without those, it comes pretty close.  He loves sharks, boats, and building, so 3 out of 5 isn't bad.  This has kept him entertained for quite awhile.  He did get frustrated when he couldn't use all of the pieces at one time.  His frustration was compounded by his mom's because that means there are always loose pieces.  There isn't an internal storage system the way it is with some other milti-piece toys.My daughter was also concerned when her lovely son made the shark eat the captain.  We were grateful that there is a slit in the rubbery belly that made it easier to rescue the captain, but they expressed concern that it was necessary.  All boys, no matter the age, will make the shark eat the captain and/or the diver.  He also brought the shark to us when he couldn't get the oyster and two propellers out of the shark's belly.  The oyster is a bit tight.This is a wonderful toy for imaginative children.  Having a way to store all of the pieces together would make it better for parents.  Oh yes, I need to comment that it would be easy to wrap this box, although it's definitely not frustration-free packaging.  So many toys like this are in open front boxes making wrapping difficult if not impossible.  This one has a small opening in the clear plastic so you can try out moving the shark's fin and making its mouth open.  Thank you, Matchbox, for that.
This is our third Mega Rig - we also have the pirate ship and the train from Toy Story. The train has seen steady use for 8 months now - crazy good value for my hard earned dollars! When I showed the picture of this to my 3 year old, he went crazy, and then he was ecstatic when we opened it. He immediately started assembling it himself and when I took it over to put together the claw, he already had one of the little men inside the shark's tummy.  =)He loves it as one giant ship and he also loves using pices of it.  His favorite is the two little four wheeled vehicles, he puts the pin and hole coupling together and runs it around the room making "vroooooom" sounds, then he'll snap the little kayaks on top of each and runs those around (they also couple at each end of the kayaks).LOVE:- So many options, so much return on your investment. He doesn't get bored because there is always something different to make. These Mega Rigs are entertainment for months.- The shark is awesome, I love it that you can move the fin and make his mouth open and close, and that you can put a person in his tummy!- He's had a thing for claws ever since Toy Story 3, so he loves the claw on this. It actually does pick things up, and you can "catch" the shark with it just above his tail.- He loves the shark cage. He puts a diver in it then has the shark hunt the diver (in his bathtub)- Goes from bathtub to sandbox just fineNOTES:- Like the pirate ship, doesn't float / stay upright in water...BUT! You can attach the kayak things to the side for balance!- The attachment pegs don't form a really strong bond. This is good because my 3 year old can take them apart and put them together no problem. It's a nuisances at other times though - every time I pick it up I have to be careful to put my hands at the bottom and pick up carefully or pieces fall off.In the video my son put his blankets down on his roller coaster to simulate water.  =)My son has asked for a bath every single night since we got this.  He's very clean!
It makes a great tub toy!  who'd have thought it?  The shark and harpoon are great fun. The kids have to take turns with the shark, so I guess you can say it's teaching cooperation, but I wouldn't mind having a second shark.  The price is a little high, but there is a lot kids can do with this toy.
The box comes with two remotes and two bumper cars.  When the cars bump into each other at specific spots on the sides, the little toy driver is ejected and there is a screaming/laugh sound.  Each remote controller has two settings (well, technically three if you include off!) - one to control the color coded vehicle, the other to control the other vehicle.  This is perhaps the single greatest feature; being able to control the other vehicle means you have to develop a strategy to win.  Each vehicle has their own switch too, and you have to have good eyesight to find it!  It is on the left side (if you are looking at the back of the vehicle) and it has three settings too.  Make sure it is turned off at the end of play or else you will burn through batteries!Hint: if it doesn't work, check those switch settings.Great for kids ages 5 - 6/7.  Older kids might get bored after a while.You need (10) AAA batteries, which seems excessive.  Or look at it the way I did; you will know where to find batteries for the TV remote when the kids finish with the toy.PS...fun 4 stars, educational 3 stars, durability 3 stars, overall 4 stars.  I updated the ratings.
For young kids, this is a great toy.  You get 2 remote controlled cars and you can even have one of the controllers control both cars at the same time.  Having 2 kids, the 2 cars were perfect because each kid can have one and no fighting ensues.  The cars are strong enough that they move with ease from cement to carpet and vice versa.  My kids couldn't get enough of this from the first time they played with this.  The driver ejecting out of the car is actually an interesting twist and can add a little bit of competitive play rather than just mindlessly bumping the car around.One thing is that the controller doesn't look too sturdy, but it seems like it can last a few months.  The cars, on the other hand, seem like they could endure quite a beating as my kids have already slammed them against the wall and other fixtures and the cars are still running.
My kids (9 year old boy and 12 year old girl) have had a lot of fun with these cars.  When they play, there is a lot of noise from the cars, but even more from the laughter.  They love to knock each others drivers out of the cars, but laugh just as hard when its their driver who gets knocked out.  It's really a good time!I was surprised at how well these cars worked on our plush carpet.  But they work even better on non-carpeted floors.  The controls are easy to use, with one lever from forward-backward and one lever for turning.  Both kids agree that this is the "easy" style of RC steering, and that 5 year olds and up will have no problems with it.These cars don't seem to built particularly well.  They have a cheap feel to them, and when they crash into it other, its a brittle plasticky sound rather than a solid thunk.  I really don't expect them to hold up very long.  But the quality seems about right for the price, compared to other RC toys we've purchased at both ends of the price spectrum -- and considering that you are getting two vehicles for the price.
We received this toy about a week ago. It took us a few days to give it a "test drive" because it needs ALOT of batteries. Hopefully they will last for awhile!These bumper cars are a BLAST.  They are so cute. the controls work great, but it takes some time to master.  Our 8 year old is already adept with steering the cars, but I am having a much slower learning curve!The cars work well - they are sturdy and respond immediately to the remote controls.  There are a couple of ways to "win" (by triggering an "eject" of the competing driver) - and when the other driver falls out, he cries!In addition to being fun, these cars are great for teaching kids (and adults?) fine motor skills.
First,  let me say that this holds 10 AAA batteries which may turn a lot of people off right from the start.  We put all our batteries in and played for a good while until the batteries in the cars died.  Luckily, we still had batteries (because we had to buy two packs) to replace the ones in the cars (the ones in the controllers were still good) and they played some more.  They travel pretty good distance for a radio controlled car and they are relatively easy to maneuver for young kids.  My 5 year old enjoyed playing with them for awhile (and the ferrets were terrified of them!  They spent most of the day chasing the dog and ferrets around...which I suppose is entertaining.  The little guy flies out of the car when the button on the side is depressed whether by the other car or if it hits against an object.  He also yells like he's falling through the air!  The bumper cars resemble an airboat to me.  The construction is good IMO and its small enough for little hands to handle easily but large enough to see it coming.The kids enjoyed playing with them for awhile but like most things it gets tossed to the side when something new comes along.
My kids love RC toys, and though these Kid Galaxy Bumper Cars are rather simple, my kids love them, even my jaded 15-year-old son.  In fact, my husband seems drawn to them, too.Pros:*The cars are simple and fun, and having the "ejector" button is something new (to us, anyway).*For having two sets of cars, the price isn't bad.Cons:*When the ejector button is bumped, the car plays a comical sound of the driver exclaiming, "Aaaaaaa!" followed by laughter (ostensibly to make it clear that he's okay, which I like).  The kids love this, but it can get annoying after a while.*When your man gets ejected, you have to go retrieve him and reinstall him.  This quickly gets tedious and detracts from the fun value.  My daughter tied a short piece of string to the arms of the drivers, then tied the other end to a "wing" on the car.  Now when the drivers get ejected, the kids can simply drive their cars over to themselves, dragging the drivers along, rather than having to go after them.  If my 11-year-old thought this up after a few minutes of play, you'd think the manufacturer could have thought of it.*Both the cars and the remotes run on batteries, which are not supplied.  These have lasted a surprisingly long time (after several hours of play, they still are not exhausted), but I wish the cars had come with rechargeable battery packs (though, to be fair, that would have made these far more expensive).*One of the cars is less responsive than the other (I'm not sure if this is an issue with the remote or the car), so there appears to be a bit of a quality-control problem here.Overall, despite the shortcomings, these are worthwhile cars.  Watch for any issues with the controls, and take/send the set back promptly if you have any.  Otherwise, you and your kids should be in for a lot of fun.
This set comes with 2 cars (orange and blue), 2 controllers, and 2 (removable) drivers.  It does take 10 AAA batteries -- which as others have noted is a lot. But, with a good recharger, you should be fine.To set these up for 2 player use:Each controller has a small switch that let's you set the controller to match the car. The cars also have a small switch that needs to be set. Once the 2 are aligned you can control which remote works each car. (I only add this because we missed this at first and accidentally had set it so that one remote controlled both cars).Overall, we found the cars worked well on both floors and carpet.  The ejector button on the car that shoots the driver out of his seat is fairly sensitive, so crashing against either the other vehicle, or against the wall seems to do the trick pretty easily.  While, the controls don't seem to be designed for precision steering, we didn't see this as a problem.I like that we had the ability to use the controller switch to change control from one car to the other. This way when my son got his car stuck, my husband was able to switch his remote to control the other car, pull it out of it's corner, and switch back without missing a beat in the action.I would guess that this could be used by kids as young as maybe 5yrs or so.My favorite thing about this is the fact that it comes with 2 cars and controllers. Many R/C vehicles I've seen come with just one. This is a nice set to play with siblings or friends, especially considering it comes at such a reasonable price.
My children loved these bumper cars! They were a big hit, and I only take a star off because batteries need changed often and that's always a drawback. However, this toy makes a great gift for families, because it comes with two toys and encourages sibling interaction! We enjoyed it very much, and I'll definitely be gifting this set in the future.
I got these for my nephew and he and his cousin had a great time playing with them. I was a little surprised, I thought they would be a 15 minute toy, but they played with them for a good hour and then went back to play with them again after dinner. My nephew is seven and he rated the cars 4 stars out of 5. I wasn't thrilled with the amount of batteries they use and I thought the driver guys came out of the car way too easily, it seemed to me that the drivers came out at the slighest bump and the boys were constantly stopping to put them back in, but this didn't seem to bother them at all. I didn't have any problem with anything breaking on the cars, but we've only had them a couple days. So far they are a hit with the kids, we'll see if they hold their interest and how long I'll be able to afford the batteries.
I got these for my 7 year old daughter and she has been having a blast with them! I find that they are very easy to operate and they seem to be holding up very well (she has had them for about a week). Her five year old sister has even been having fun playing with them. At first I thought it would be hard for them to bump into eachother at just the right angle to eject the driver but they don't seem to be having any trouble with that. I think this is a very good value for the price!
My six and eleven year kids enjoyed these rc cars quite a bit.  They both found them easy to use and got a lot of laughs out of ejecting the drivers and the silly sounds that went along with it.  The toy seems to be of average durability and quality, so the current price of over $30.00 seems just a little high in my opinion.  Get them on sale and it's not a bad value.
These little Bump 'n Chuck cars are so cute, much smaller than I envisioned them.  My son and I were playing with them last night over carpet, which was fine; but they run better on tile.  Controlling them is not as easy as some other RC cars.  Turning is not as responsive, but we love the bumping action.  Bump them just right and the opponent flies out of the car!The controllers have two channels, so kids don't have to switch controllers to switch cars.  The cars actually roll on the ground, but the fans do move and make it look like they are powering and steering the cars.I personally think these cars are more exciting than standard RC cars.
Batteries not included. This toy requires 10 AAA batteries. That's a lot of batteries. I also figured out that Duracell batteries work noticeably better than other brands. I had problems at first with the blue car not responding to the remote. I had put Energizer batteries in it. I had put Duracell batteries in the orange car and it worked fine. So I switched the blue car to Duracell batteries and problem solved. Nonetheless, this is a really fun toy. My 9-year old granddaughter and 2-year old grandson are having a blast with the bumper cars. They are easy to operate. The controls are basic and quite simple. For my grandson these bumper cars are the perfect introduction to remote controlled toys. He is learning how to maneuver a remote control device with a fun, easy toy. And of course the sound effects when the guy pops out are hilarious. The cars run great on carpet or tile but they don't negotiate area rugs very well. They don't appear to be very durable either so I discouraged the kids from launching them off the furniture. Also this is not a good outside toy. But again, the kids love playing with them, and our Chihuahua loves to chase them.
My 12 year old loves this. He has played with this more than any other remote car I ever bought for him. It does work on carpets, but it gets stuck if anything is on the carpet. It won't go over a throw rug on a carpet or an internet cable. Other than that, it's a lot of fun. Each car has a button on each side. When a car gets a button hit, the little person in the driver seat gets ejected (yelling) out of the car. Late at night when shuffling to the bathroom and my toe hits one of these cars, a little person pops out screaming into the night. The eject feature cannot be turned off. If your child decides to put the person back in the car every time it pops out, well they are just putting things back like they are supposed to right? Did I mention every time? Just push or poke or tap one of the side buttons and pop + yelling = good times, good times.
Hysterical to eject the other player - TONS of fun, even for adults.  Speed is relatively slow which is ideal for playing indoors.  I'd recommend for kids at least 4 years old.Would score 5 stars except for the following:1) Uses AAA batteries which means you're using them like crazy - get rechargables.2) The plunger on each player is very delicate and after 3 days of hard playing, both were broken.  This means you can't lock the players into the cars and they won't get ejected.
Setup was fairly easy.  My husband and I knocked it out together in 10 minutes.  The instructions only show pictures but I didn't feel words were even necessary so we both found it easy to assemble.  I was disappointed that the front deck did not attach.  I kept thinking something was wrong and kept trying to figure a way to attach it.  But this really is not a terrible thing.The product was packaged really well when we received it.  Each piece was individually wrapped so not to scratch the other pieces.  This is really an amazing work of art and looks so real.  I sent photos to my mom and sister and they were so amazed at how real it looked.The roof comes easily off so you can play inside.  There are several swinging gates so your animals can "walk in and out".  This is a great toy, worth the money if your children like to play pretend.
My first impressions of the animal nursery is that it is large.  At 2ft by 2ft, it takes up a large piece of the floor.  You won't want to take this apart and put it back together often, so make sure you have room for it or you will probably find it is annoying to put together over and over again. I'd also worry that over time, it if was disassembled and re-assembled again and again, that it would break.Once put together, it looks sturdy but there are some smaller pieces that just look like they are accidents waiting to happen, door latches, fence gate latches and door handles come to mind.  Perhaps they will hold up, but they look small and fragile to me.Once you figure out the relatively simple, but vague, directions - it goes together fairly quickly. Probably less than 10 minutes total.  And pretty much snap together.  One thing that I did not like was the way the front porch just sits up against the set, rather than attaching to it in some sort of snap-together configuration.  Not sure why that piece is just loose.The nursery looks VERY GOOD with realistic textures and colors and even the wood fences feel great and video-game realism.  No kid is going to complain about the look and feel of this set.The roof works well, it basically just sits in place and can be pulled off in vary degrees of coverage or no roof at all.  This allows really good access to the animals in the nursery.  And the set comes with no animals. I would think at the price of this set, it could come with a FEW starter animals... but we found plenty of animals in our daughter's toybox that worked just fine in the Schleich Animal Nursery.  Amazon is almost certainly not the best place to buy the Schleich Animals - most of them can be found cheaper elsewhere.In the end, I gave this four stars because it is very good but very pricey.  Knock it down to less than $80 and you'd have a full five star toy, at price points above $100 it starts to seem really pricey for all but the filthy richest of parents.  Perhaps if your child is REALLY into jungle animals or veterinary doctoring it would be worth the extra money...
This realistic, sturdy, easy-to-assemble "nursery" can provide hours of imaginary play, serve as a decorative piece and has some educational value as well.  For the price you will pay for it - all that should be expected - but it is a relief that those qualities do manifest themselves.  One should be warned that the full "investment" for this set - including animals and other farm/nursery items to develop an entire scene will cost you a bunch - more than a Kindle tablet... but it may be well worth the investment to facilitate hours of imaginative free-form play.  Even if one may question the relative price/value for the piece, the sturdiness and the details in the construction should alleviate such doubts. Overall, a good value to serve as a center-piece of a scene...  (this will soon become as addictive as building cityscapes and rail-track scenes).
What a fantastic toy.  Actually to call it a toy is not doing this justice.  It is a work of art.  Very good detail and very fun for my 6 year old daughter.  My only complaint with this toy is that we had to supply the animals to go in it.  You would think that it would come with at least an animal or 2 to get you started.  Other than that, it seems like it will last many years.
They call this an "Animal nursery" but kids will use this for a frontier house, the "little house on the prairie" , a doll house, a fort, a medieval cottage, all sorts of things.  Your kids can & will run their knights, cowboys, unicorns and fairies  thru this as well as the pieces it's supposed to be played with (sold separately). I admit that in out play-room we have only a few of the animals, but many of the medieval/fantasy figures, and the nieces and nephews just jumped right in.Easy to assemble and very sturdy. You don't have to worry a lot about pieces going missing or getting broken. This is a heirloom toy (and for the price, should be!).Please do note this does not come with any of the fantastic Schleich figures.
This Brio Pull Along Toy Duck is yet another example of the quality toys this company makes. They last for generations. Perfect for your toddler, especially as they start to walk, this Brio Duck is made of solid beech wood and smoothed out and covered with non-toxic bright paints. Safety being an important part of Brio toys, this duck will not chip off paint and is smooth to the touch. The delightful moving parts and bright colors are attractive for toddlers and enhance their imagination. The toy is made for any floor surface so it can go on carpets as easily as smooth floors. A perfect gift for little ones for the holidays or a new baby gift.
My daughter LOVES this duck! It's super cute and very well built. It's all wood with a nylon string attached. When you pull the duck, his head moves back and forth and it makes a noise. She giggles and says "duckie" as she's pulling it along. It's very entertaining for her, which is great for us! ;)My only complaint is that the nylon string is too short. Sure, my daughter is tall (33"), but it barely reaches her hand when standing. If they made it a bit longer, this would get 5 stars.
This Brio Pull Along Duck immediately reminds you of the wood pull along toys from 50-60 years ago but with a much nicer finish and brighter colors.Pros: The duck is actually more attractive in person than pictured. The curves have all been beautifully smoothed and if you are a woodworker, you appreciate this detail. As for the actual user: the toddler loved this immediately; liked sitting and holding it and after a demonstration from a teenager, was pulling it along with ease. The duck stayed upright even at a fast pace which was nice and the wings turn (or "flap"). A pull along toy is educational in that it helps children develop their motor skills and promotes interest in moving. The string is a good length and we are a tall family, even when young.Cons: The packaging is boring, wouldn't interest a kid at all, again, perhaps the vintage feel but it doesn't attract you to a quality toy.Neutral Observation: There is a "quack" advertised.  The quack is present in the sound from the movement of the duck but the teenagers expected more from that when they read the package. So be aware, the quack is the low-tech sound elicited from the movement.Overall, a sturdy, durable product and it stayed more level in use than the plastic pull-along toys we've had in the past.
Nothing beats a well made and simple classic toy, and this adorable version of the duck pull toy is wonderful.  The head and wings swivel and the duck bobs up and down as it is pulled along.  The toy is not overly heavy, but sturdy enough to be banged and dinged while a toddler pulls it.  The wood is also wonderfully shaped with curves and no sharp edges in site.  My unborn nephew or niece will definitely benefit from this simple, fun toy.
This duck is very well made. I was quite impressed when I got it, though to tell the truth it is a bit on the small side. I love the craftsmanship and paint work. The duck's colors are bright and glossy and the string is long enough for any toddler to use. The wings flap and the head bops with no trouble. The price seems a bit high but it is constructed very well and can't really see this thing breaking apart any time soon!
This is an easy to play, easy to follow, party game for adults mainly (possibly older teens, but they probably won't want to be that open) that helps rekindle what I consider a dying trend. That trend is social interaction, chat, laughs, and open ended fun for small or large groups in a party setting. Not much really in the educational rating, but it's refreshing to find something that gets everyone involved, instead of simply sitting around watching a movie. I'm actually more a fan of the DVD based games like "Shout about Movies" which don't use cards like this, but still it's a winner. Depending on the crowd you have assembled (and the level of interaction) the game can be innocent fun or even downright bawdy in the interpretational aspects of gameplay. A small price to pay for something that gets people in a social setting doing what we were supposed to do (before TV and game consoles) talk, play and have fun. Enjoy!
My family and I have enjoyed this game a few times in the past couple of weeks since we received it.  It was simple to learn and we were even able to include our 5 year old.  It is nice to have a game that the entire family can play and enjoy.  We were all laughing and having a great time especially after the first couple of times playing.There have been enough reviews explaining how the game works so I won't repeat that here.  I'd just like to say that I'm glad we got this game and I know it will be one that we turn to time and time again.  Like I said, it's easy to learn and if we have someone new joining us for game night, we don't have to spend a lot of time explaining it.  And, unlike a game like Monopoly, it doesn't take that long to play one game and nobody feels left out.  We just had fun playing and it didn't matter who won or lost.
Everytime we play this game we have a good time. Apples to Apples is a game of silly comparisons. It is similiarly played like Whonu. (our family prefers Whonu, so that's why this is only a four star)The judge flips the green card and you have a little mitful of red apple cards. You have to determine which red apple card is the most similiar to the green apple card. Which card fits best. The judge decides. SO the judge can pick you because your card is the funniest, or the closest or the strangest. You have to read your judges and that my friends is how good relationships can be made.This game really is a lot of fun, the junior version is just as wonderful as the adult version.
This game is a good one for family members to get together to play while waiting for Thanksgiving dinner to cook! It inspires good conversation, laughter, fun, and is a great way to bring a group together to bond over the holidays. There's not a whole lot I can say about the game that has not already been said, as I see some wonderful reviews here that are in great depth. But I would just say this is one to keep handy for when the relatives come (or friends of course), for gatherings where you have a good size group to play for a while. I didn't quite enjoy this game as much as Scattergories, but it's still quite fun in it's own right. I find that with games like this, a larger group is always best (probably 5+ people). Aside from the holidays, I typically do not entertain that large of a group, hence the suggestions for playing it at those times. So, grab some hot cocoa, gather around the fireplace, and compare Apples to Apples!
What's nice about this game is that you can start playing it very quickly. A lot of games tame set up and break down time but this one is pretty quick. Plus the games don't have to last very long. My daughters love showing how clever they are by matching word matches and they love when its their turn to be "judge."Highly recommended for parents with young kids say between 10-15. A nice addition to family gaming night.
This game is great for larger groups of people. It's not much fun unless you have at least four people. The less you know each other the more fun it is. It a good way to break the ice at parties. You can really learn a lot about the way other people think, associate and relate concepts.It is also just as fun with family and friends. If you know each other really well it gives you a totally different game feel. You have more fun enforcing the rules and playing on each others calls.Great game that continues to bring fun to parties. Loses it's novelty with the same group of people after about 3 or 4 times you play it.
if you are looking for a great family night this is the game for you. There is no winning or loose, everyone will have a blasts in this game
If you have quite a few people and a lot of time, this would be a good game to play. There are no losers. Pretty funny stuff.But we are just too busy and also cannot scrape enough players to play this much. Oh well.
In 2007 Mattel acquired the rights to Out Of The Box Corporation's  award winning Apples To Apples franchise.  Mattel's Apples To Apples Party Box Edition truly is a PARTY IN A BOX!  This game is great to play at parties with good friends or acqaintances.  Be aware that you will know more about your game partners and opponents after playing this game!  All you have to do is just open the box and deal the cards! Select the card from your hand that you think is best described by a card played by the judge. If the judge picks your card, you win that round. As you go around the table, everyone gets their chance to be the judge. Each round is filled with crazy and totally outrageous comparisons from a wide range of people, places, things and events in each other's lives.  Adults and kids 7 and up can play this game.Mattel also makes a cute wooden Apple Crate Version - http://www.amazon.com/Mattel-Apples-Party-Crate-Game/dp/B001DXF9ZO/ref=sr_1_20?ie=UTF8&s;=toys-and-games&qid;=1227198453&sr;=1-20a travel version of Apples To Apples  http://www.amazon.com/Apples-Travel-Go-Game/dp/B0014484FO/ref=sr_1_19?ie=UTF8&s;=toys-and-games&qid;=1227198453&sr;=1-19and a card expansion pack http://www.amazon.com/Mattel-Apples-Party-Box-Expansion/dp/B00123TIQ6/ref=sr_1_4?ie=UTF8&s;=toys-and-games&qid;=1227198672&sr;=1-4Along with the Apples To Apples franchise, Mattel makes an Apples To Apples 7 Plus Kids Edition http://www.amazon.com/Apple-Apples-Kids-Plus-Comparisons/dp/B00112EJEY/ref=sr_1_3?ie=UTF8&s;=toys-and-games&qid;=1227198672&sr;=1-3and also an Apples To Apples Junior Edition for kids 9 years and up.  http://www.amazon.com/Apples-Junior-Game-Crazy-Comparisons/dp/B00112CHD4/ref=sr_1_2?ie=UTF8&s;=toys-and-games&qid;=1227198672&sr;=1-2I think the two items above would "a-peel" to the younger generation.All in all a great party game that never gets old or boring!Happy Playing!
The general concensus from the 5 people that played this game together (ages 11, 13, 46, 67 and 69) is that it definitely rates at least 4 stars.  We had a great deal of fun playing it.  We all enjoy playing Uno, and while this is an Uno game, it takes on a whole different feel.  It's a fast-pace game and took a little getting used to.  But, in the process, we had a lot of laughs.So, if you like Uno, or other fast action games, consider Uno Flash because I think you will really enjoy it.
This is a fun twist on a classic game...Pros:It's Uno! Just a mildly different version...Adds a little excitement to the game... Instead of a casual game of laid back uno, this one had all of the players ready to attack... A novel element for uno, to say the least...Teaches kids to be flexible as it is not played with traditional, predictable turn takingSeems to be fairly durable.  I dropped it and it survived. (I am the klutz of the family)...Cons:Loud. Very loud.  A couple of pieces of packaging tape/carton tape over the speaker (which is thankfully on the underside) brought it back down to conversational level...The instructions make it seem too complicated.  Once you figure out how the "gadget" part works, just remember it is Uno.  It isn't that complicated :-)There is a new card though, the "SLAP" card, which is a race to hit the buzzers... The last one to hit their buzzer draws the penalty... For now we are focusing on just the basic game play without using the slap card, but please keep in mind we are playing with two adults and a younger child...One of my favorite things about traditional Uno is that it is portable... We have a deck in our home and a deck in our emergency/hurricane kit... Uno Flash is not that portable, and due to the loudness factor, it is definitely a stay at home game....My child, who is extremely rules based, is working on learning some flexibility - I think the randomness of turn taking with Uno Flash will help him a bit... When we aren't playing and working on those skills though, he seems to have adapted the console/gadget portion into a strange game of simon...Oh well, we'll play some uno and his hand-eye coordination might improve...I also am not sure about long term playability for us as larger games tend to wind up in the game closet and they stay there... The Uno Flash console measures around 12" x 10" x 2"....The cards can store right in the console, but they are uncovered/unsecured...We have played a few rounds and it is fun... While the game might not necessarily be quicker (unless you set it on one of the shorter time settings, when playing with smaller kids who are just learning I recommend the unlimited time setting) to play, the gameplay and player interaction has much more energy and the fact that it decides who goes next and who is skipped when a skip card it played, randomly, may help dispel sibling arguments and conspiracies and more time can be spent playing together...And that can be a good thing...
My family loves the game of UNO and we were excited to get this new Flash version.While it is fun to play, the sounds get annoying after awhile.The game decides whose turn it is next, which makes for an added element of excitement. You wait for your light to flash before you can take a turn. Otherwise it is basically the same game.
This Uno game needs three AA batteries, these came in the game, there are 108 Uno cards, and the Uno Flash Game Unit.The fundamental rules of Uno still apply, draw two, skip cards, draw four.  You still have to play a like color or number on the last color or number played.  The difference is that this game is electronic and it chooses who goes next.  There are 6 player buttons around the outside of the unit, a slap button and a play pause button on the top.  Underneath the game you can adjust the time in between turns from 4 secons, 6 second or infinity.  The on off switch is on the back of the game as well.Each player recieves 7 cards.  You put the draw cards in one card well and flip one card into the discard well. Select how much time you want between each turn.  You flip the game on and the music starts playing (this annoyed the patriarch in our family, he thought the sound should be adjustable).  You need to select the player buttons that will be in play, between 3 and 6 players.  Then you hit the play/pause button to get the game started. The game tells you who goes first by making the players button blink.  If you selected time play they must play within that amount of time or they must draw 2 cards from the draw pile.  If you do not have a card to play you draw one card and hit your player button to indicate the end of your turn.The game will then select the next player.  So be careful with those draw fours you might be next!The new card to this deck is the slap card.  If someone plays the slap card instead of hitting your button you hit the slap card on the game board and each player must race to hit their player button first, the last payer to hit their button will have to draw two cards.  The buzzer signals the end of your "timed" turn and to play your light blinks, at the end of the slap card if you lost your light will also blink.You can also challenge illegal draw four cards. A draw four card can only be played when you have no other color in your hand that matches the discard pile.  If the player who played is innocent you draw four cards plus an additional two, and if they are guilty of illegal draw four play they must draw four instead of you.We had a good time playing the game.  However, when we normally play Uno we have playful banter, we were all concentrating on whose turn it was to go so we didn't chit chat so much.
We're gathered today with lots of cousins and family for Thanksgiving and I pulled this game out. The kids LOVED it and have played all morning. It's so much fun and fast paced! A few points: 1)It seems very durable and not cheaply made. There is an element of the game when the players have to slap their buttons and the unit seems built for that. I'm not afraid of it breaking at all. 2) The younger kids get stressed out with the "time limit" and luckily the game allows you to play without it. This flexibility is a great feature of the game and the players can modify the gameplay according to what they want. Overall, I'm glad this is a part of our growing game closet!
Uno Flash is essentially the regular game of Uno, but with a twist. The main difference being that the game includes an electronic "board" where you play the game. With the electronic board, it adds several different new elements.* Player's turns can last 4 seconds, 6, seconds, or be an unlimited amount of time (this can be changed on the device)* Each turn is randomly selected by the electronic board. When it's your turn, your light turns on, and you need to play. Once done, you push your button for the game to randomly select the next player. If you don't, draw two cards.* The "Hand" card is a new card for the game. Whenever a hard card is played, the player also pushes the uno button, and the rest of the players need to hit their button as fast as possible. The last player remaining has to draw two cards.It's actually a pretty fast-paced, fun way to play the classic Uno game. You need to keep your eyes on the game the whole time, otherwise you can miss your turn, or forget to press your button if the hand card is played. Sometimes you're even given the chance to play several times in a row.So, are there any negatives? Definitely... Two big ones come to mind.1. You get really sick of the sounds during the game (at least I did)2. Sometimes, since the game is random, players will never get a turn. I, for instance, the first two times I played was selected quite often. As a result, I ended up declaring "Uno" and winning the game. The following two games, I rarely had a turn, and found myself stuck with a hand full of cards.Still, in the end, a fun game, and one that will, no doubt, be another success for Mattel. It makes for a very fast-paced and exciting way to play Uno.
Traditional UNO has been one of our family's preferred vacation games for years.  I'll take it for granted that you know the basics of regular UNO, a game that is not hard to learn and a lot of fun to play.Now add in this UNO Flash Base.  There are several small differences, but it definitely keeps to the tradition of the game.  The biggest difference is the ability to make the game a little more fast-paced with a lighted count-down timer and lively tones while it does so.  You can set the timer to four or six second intervals, or you can choose to turn the timer part altogether.  This is wonderful because you get a lot of control over the speed of the game.No matter what time interval you use, the next big difference is the fact that the UNO Flash Base tells you who is going to play next... it's not just clockwise anymore!  You might even play twice in a row.  When the light is on your spot, you play, you play quickly, and then you hit your button to beat the timer and send the spinner-light to the next player... which might be you again!I like this because it takes away the animosity factor to the person who always plays before you.  Not that anyone ever throws punches during these games, but when you see a card played, you can be hopeful that you're the next to play, thus whenever that person on the other side of you throws down the perfect card yet again, you feel competitional hope rather than, "oh, man, why didn't I sit next to her?"This means that there are no "reverse" cards in the deck.  Don't need 'em.  It's built into the fun, flashy thing in the center.  Younger players are definitely going to like this version better than the traditional version because it's more lively.Still, there are easy to use controls to pause the game if necessary.  If someone accidentally knocks your card on the floor, hit the pause button.  If you need to visit the rest room, hit the pause button.  An alarm goes off if you haven't washed your hands when you return.No, I'm just kidding about that last one, but maybe we'll see it in UNO Flash Game 2.0!All in all, this really is a fun game and enables intergenerational play.  I think a ten year old will like this game and it would be fun for the grandparents as well, especially if they already like UNO.  The current price on Amazon is about $30, and I think that is a pretty fair price for the unit, which is fairly sturdy, well-designed, and, like the game itself, vibrant.If you like family card games, then I highly recommend UNO Flash; I think it's a fun, fresh, animated version of a tried and true classic.
I love UNO! This takes the regular Uno and it's former rules and tosses them out the window. - fun for all - After dealing out the normal 7 cards, you select your player button (any of the 6 red buttons)to signal a person is sitting at that paticular location. once all the players have selected their spot, press the play button and the computer will then randomly choose the next player. you will know if it is your turn if your corresponding button flashes. Press your button again to signal to the computer that your turn is finished so it can select the next player. The computer continusly does this randomly (you may go 3 times in a row so be forewarned) this also means that you could be hit with your own draw four too..as for the duration of your turn, that can be determined with one of the switches on the underside. Choose from unlimited (no time constrait), 6 seconds or 4 seconds to take your turn. If you do not take your turn and press the button to signify your completetion of your turn in time, there will be a buzzer sound and you will be penalized by a two card pick up. The box also states that it wants 3-6 players, but I was very pleased that it did accept only 2 players..There is also a new "Slap" card where once it is played, every player must immediately press their player button and the last one (the computer will tell you by blinking the last player's button hit) must then pick up two cards. (This does not apply to  2 person game though) - I will say that this is a really fun game which brings on tons of laughs!
I tried out this game with my granddaughter. Both of us are already familiar with the game UNO and enjoy playing the original version. The UNO Flash game did add a few new bells and whistles...ok, literally, NOISE, to the game (no sound on/off button on the game unit warranted a 4 star rating instead of a 5 star rating). And the flash unit also sped up the play of the game, which is a positive. All in all, I think this is a fine innovation, but I wouldn't recommend that someone purchase it instead of the original game. I think the original game stands on its own as the all time favorite, but this game unit can also be enjoyed when something different is desired. I believe this electronic game will particularly appeal to the younger members of the family.
What happens at Mattel when you give your game designers a couple of cans of Jolt cola and a double shot of espresso? Uno Flash. The frantic cousin of the time tested favorite Uno, this game is fun to play.  Gone is the strategy of playing cards against your neighbors.  Now a Simon-like module dictates (randomly) the playing order. To make things more complicated you can also set a time limit to each turn.  This definitely adds an adreniline rush to the game.This is a fun, fast paced game for those who enjoy Uno.  I like the fact that you can disable the time limit.  This is helpful when you are playing with small kids.  Speaking of kids they love watching the lights flash. Anticipating who will be next in turn.  Both our 5 year old and 8 year old ejoy playing Uno Flash.  Definitely a keeper.
This is an ingenious combination of at least two classic games with a very attractive packaging and electronic bells and whistles.  Well done! The white pictionary man figure (kind of like an eight inch tall Pillsbury dough boy) and the two matching white props are very pleasing to the eye and fun to hold. It has a "look at me" kind of magnetic appeal. People just want to look at the unique figures and try it out. The electronics work well on the foot of Pictionary man (although I did have a hard time getting the battery compartment open to insert the three triple "A" batteries). We played with four people, although I can see that a larger group would be much more fun. Overall, a nice little game!
My initial reaction, upon opening box was, "That's it?"a couple of markers, a wipe cloth and 3 plastic props (a rectangle, a circle and pictionary man, which my son effectionatly calls 'little boy')I originally had reservations about a game that had such a 'why didn't I think of that', anybody could do that feel to it. Yet, once we all sat down around the table and starting playing with the game, my reservations were quickly diminishing. The true test of a game isn't the simplicity of it, but the effect it has on people.It didn't take long to see and realize the fun people were having being creative with the game supplied props and freaking out as their time begins to tick down.Some of the original pictionary rules or forgotten with this game and they should, because many of the things you have to draw or get across are very difficult. Yet, the difficulty level is half the fun, because it forces people to be creative. With PICTIONARY MAN, you seperate the men from the boys. Time is short and the most creative thinkers will most definatly have more success.Look, I'm sure, based on what's in the box, that the cost of production for this game was around $5 to $10, but the game is fun and if you have any kids under 9, like I do, the game serves a dual purpose. If you're not playing the game, set it out for them and they'll draw on it for hours.
The game comes with a plastic figure and two plastic blocks, one rectangle and one round, to draw on.  Also included are two wipe-off markers, a cloth, and a reusable score sheet, which fit neatly into the rectangle block for storage.  The foot of the doll is equipped with a screen that provides the clue and a timer.  You draw clues on the figure and props while others try to guess your word or phrase. As your time runs down, the timer ticks faster.In my rush to order the Pictionary Man game, I didn't read that the recommended age was 14+.  The kids, ages 8 and 12, had asked for the game, so I just assumed it was suitable for their ages.  Not so.  The clues included people and things they'd never heard of, and the time allowed to draw was limited to about thirty seconds which was very frustrating to our 8 year old. There was no way they could skip a word that they didn't know, so they'd usually try to go with a "sounds like" type of clue.  We ended up allowing extra time to make it a little easier.  After reading some of the other reviews, I found one that suggested having a few extra clues that the kids know written out so they can use them if they get a word that they don't understand.  What a great idea!The figure itself is hard to draw on, especially if you want to show the him/her in action, or holding something, so we very quickly tended to pick up the rectangle block and draw on it instead.When we were finished playing, our two year old took over.  She enjoyed drawing on the pieces and wiping them clean.  She's actually played with it several times since we received it and has gotten quite good at drawing faces on him!Although we enjoyed playing the game, my favorite version still remains the original Pictionary.
This is a fun pictionary game but not for anyone under 15 the clues are too hard. A kid version would be tons of fun for little ones. Maybe next year. I liked how there weren't any card to lose and keeping score was easy with the wipe off board. We had a great time playing for a hour and I am sure we will be playing this game again soon.
Electronic Pictionary Man was lots of fun for my entire family.  I'll admit, I had my worries, as I can't recall playing regular Pictionary in a long long time, but this version changed my opinion of the game.Electronic Pictionary Man is basically Pictionary but with wipe off objects (a man, box, and rectangle) that you draw on instead of regular paper.  It comes with wipe off marker and eraser.  The 'man' figure takes 3 AAA batteries (you provide those) and will tell you the category and word you need to describe in picture form.  Game play varies, but our games averaged 30 minutes.Note, the items you are given to draw can be tough, so if you're playing with the kids, you might want to consider making up your own words and having them on hand, in case they (or you) get someone who you don't know.Like I said, we enjoyed this game and had lots of laughs while playing.  Great for kids and adults.  It would be a nice addition to any board game collection.
Pictionary  is a perennial favorite at holiday gatherings.  Usually pairing off in teams of men vs. women we set to playing this ridiculously fun and sometimes infuriating game.Taking Pictionary to the next level by including some components of charades just adds to the frenzied insanity of game-play.As usual, each team relies on the combo of a good drawer (or picturist) and at least one good guesser.  The plastic props are easy to draw on, but the idea of using all three to brilliantly create your Pictionary masterpiece in 30-seconds is overrated.  We never used the round one.This game turned into a rowdy fracas on Christmas day that might have ended in a brawl were it not for the peace makers in my family.  Definitely a good time!Cons (and hence the 4-stars):~The timer is barely audible when everyone is shouting and screaming out guesses.  And because it's built into the bottom of the man, no one else can hold it during game-play.~Some of the 'clues' were very dated. Debra Winger?  How the heck do you draw Terms of Endearment or Officer and A Gentleman AND what if you have players under the age of 25?  Seriously that was a bad call.  The additional problem is it's difficult to 'pick' a new card when this happens, especially if it's during a Team Challenge.  You have to scroll through a half dozen options or more to return to the Challenge.Overall, this version of Pictionary is as fun as the original, with some modest drawbacks.  I look forward to bringing it to my Uncle's for New Years next week.  Between that and Karaoke, we're bound to have a blast.
An interesting version of Pictionary.  No more board and tokens, and it seems like Pictionary also had gone paperless.  The white Mr. Pic man is kinda cute, can't resist to think about it as a white voodoo doll when you are holding it.  It is big enough to write on.  Along with 2 other props, they are practically your whiteboard  to draw your clues.  In the old game, you often have to draw a man first and then draw what he is doing or holding to have your partner guess a word.  Now, with Mr Pic. Man, you already save several precious seconds.  It just depend on how good you are in associating the man with the props.  Batteries should last a fairly long time.  There is only a tiny LCD screen at Mr, Pic man's foot where you get the clues.  Batteries not included, that's a bummer; and it takes odd number of batteries, three.Old Pictionary players may missed the die rolling, the cards and the board.  Well, times a changing.  You get some, you lose some. But it is still very fun and entertaining.
this game is fun...especially with people who aren't totally lame at drawing....the ones who were drinking too much were kicked out of the game because they couldn't muster up the coordination to draw well enough.
We had all ages playing with our Pictionary Man.  From 5 years old to 60+, all had a great time drawing on the man and the blocks in order to recreate phrases.  It takes a little getting use to because drawing on a 3D object is tougher than a flat board or paper.  Also, if there is a large group playing it may be hard for everyone to see what the person is drawing.  Still, all in all this is a great update on a timeless game.
This toy is really cute. I got it for my toddler daughter because she loves putting things into holes (like pens into pen lids). This toy is perfect! I love the cute and colorful farm animals that are easy to grab for little fingers. This toy is nice quality and durable.
This motorcycle might not quite live up to the hype of its ads on YouTube, but it's still pretty cool. It's big and sturdy, and the motion-sensitive controller is acceptably responsive (if not quite as sensitive as a traditional R/C control stick). If you're considering buying one of these, you should be aware of what it is and what it's not.The obvious thing to note is that this is an actual motorcycle -- there are no training wheels on this puppy. Expect to spend an hour or two just getting the hang of driving it up the street and back without wiping out. There's a clever plastic skid pad on either side, which prevents the bike from tipping over every time it leans into a turn, but you'll still need to practice a bit to do more than drive in a straight line and make very gentle turns.Note that unlike some smaller R/C bikes, this one will not stand up straight on its own -- the best way to launch it is to hold it in the air by the rider's head using your left hand, push the brake lever (without activating the brake!) with your right forefinger to turn the accelerator, let the wheels turn for a few seconds to get the internal stabilizer gyro to spin up, then put it down and let go.  You can also balance it gently between your ankles and just hit the gas, but that's less stable since the internal gyro won't have time to get going before the bike starts moving.Speaking of smaller bikes, this is a big toy.  It's over a foot tall and weighs nearly 5 pounds.  This means it's got a fairly wide turn radius.  On my street, which is probably 25 feet across, there's not enough room to make a U-turn at full speed.  The solution is just to get the hang of slowing down for turns without slowing down so much that the bike tips over.  This is nothing earth-shattering, but it's good to know ahead of time.Along with size and weight comes strength.  I've really put this bike through the ringer, and it shows very little sign of wear.  It's wiped out countless times, flipped over curbs, jammed under cars and slammed into garbage cans, and it barely has a scratch on it.  The plastic skid pads won't last forever, but in a nice touch, the package includes an extra pair.  Replacing the originals is a simple screwdriver job.  I'm not sure when I'll have to do that, but they've held up well over several hours of rough play so far.On the down side, forget trying to run this thing on rough ground or grass.  Although the wheels are certainly big enough to handle a relatively short lawn, the bike's just not stable enough to balance on any surface that isn't smooth.  This is a street/ sidewalk toy (really just a street toy, since it can't turn in a space as narrow as a sidewalk, and all but the largest driveways will also be too restrictive).  It should work fine on a hard packed dirt track, if you have access to one.As you might expect, this is a very fast vehicle.  (I probably don't have to mention that this is not an indoor toy by any stretch.)  The instructions say to run it for 8 seconds to get the gyro up to speed before attempting any stunts, but forget trying to run in a straight line for that long -- you'd have to get someone else to hold it at launch time while you stood with the controller 4 seconds away.  Even then, you might be slightly out of range.  I'd guess that it reaches about 50 feet (the other reviewer who said that he could only get 20 feet of range must have a defective unit), and at full speed, the bike will cover that distance before you know it.  You can of course slow it down, but the slower you go, the tougher it is to balance.  It's all part of the challenge, though!I'll reiterate that this is a big, heavy, and fast machine. The operator needs to be very aware of his surroundings and keep a finger ready on that brake lever, as the bike could very easily damage something or injure a person or animal.  Also, of course, you need to be mindful of real traffic in the area.What about the vaunted "wheelie" action?  I think it may be a case of a nice theory that doesn't quite cut it in practice.  There's a button on the controller that causes a piston on the front wheel to pop the bike up into a wheelie, at which point it balances on a tiny axle at the very back of the seat (you can see it in the photo).  This is kinda neat, but once you're up you can't come down, and the bike is awfully limited in what it can do while balanced in that position.  (Note: it might be possible to tap the brake in such a way that the bike will drop back out of the wheelie; I just haven't managed it yet.  So maybe it's just me.)I'll mention the batteries briefly -- they take about 4-5 hours to charge and seem to last for about 2 hours of play.  2 hours at a time is probably enough for most sessions, but you could always buy an extra battery if you want to run the bike longer.To sum up, this toy is a lot of fun, but it's also very challenging and requires a bit of practice to fully enjoy.  Don't even think about buying this for a young child.  The suggested age of 8 is a good idea.  My son was able to handle an R/C 4x4 when he was 2, and he drives a Power Wheels ride-on truck like Jimmie Johnson, but this is a whole different animal.  Younger kids, especially ones who aren't already experienced with R/C vehicles, are likely to become extremely frustrated with it.  Older kids, teens, and adults who don't mind putting in the effort to master a tricky toy will be rewarded.  If you're not sure, then you're better off trying an R/C truck that will go just as fast but won't tip over (and can be had for less than half the price).  If you're ready for a challenge, then give this bike a shot.
My son has had a great time playing with this R/C Cycle.  We were both impressed with the size of it.  I haven't measured it but would estimate it to be about 12" Tall X 14" Long (including cycle and rider).  It's a fast R/C.  In fact, it is so fast that it took some practice to get good with it.  Our yard isn't that big so my son tried it out on the street.  It worked fine for going at a straight shot, but turning required a little more space.  We were then off to the park to try it.  It worked much better.So, as for the down sides of this toy, I would say that it requires a nice big open area.  That is to say, unless you just want to do some short stunt jumps.  The other down side is that if it falls over during a turn, you will have to run over to set it back up again as the cycle does not balance upright unless it is moving (like a real cycle).As for the good sides, it is a lot of fun if you have an open area for playing.  It does some wheelies, which is pretty cool.  We haven't taken it off any sweet jumps yet, but that should really add to the fun.  As fast as it goes, it should be able to do some awesome jumps.The handlebar controls help add a nice feeling of reality.  And, I most definitely appreciate the fact that it comes complete with battery and charger.  The initial charge takes a few hours (as is standard) but subsequent charges only take a short while.  We have only run the cycle at short lengths and have not come even close to discharging the battery so I can't say how long a charge lasts.  I will have to sufice to say that we played a good hour or so each time with it and it worked great.
The "Tyco R/C Wheelie Cycle" is a very cool remote control motorcycle that performs pretty much as advertised. Here are my observations:* Very cool controls allow for turns, throttle, and "wheelies"* Goes VERY fast and can be hard for littler kids to control (I would say 10+ to master)* Needs a lot of room, should be used on long driveways, parking lots, or playgrounds* A little bigger than I expected, but very solid and durable* Good battery life (and all batteries are included)A very fun toy that the kids and parents will want to use! Highly recommended! This also comes in aTyco R/C Wheelie Cycle 49 MHz, so two can race each other!
This Wheelie Cycle is a BLAST for both young and old! It comes with everything you need, right out of the box.  The reason this is so great is because after doing some research here on Amazon, I found that quite often the battery pack/chargers are usually sold separately.We initially charged it overnight to make sure we could get the most battery life out of it on our first attempt and after reading other reviews, we didn't even attempt to try it in the house.  Instead we opted to take it out into the neighborhood cul-de-sac.I let my 16 year old son have the first try at it, since he's probably more coordinated with things like this.  The first 15 minutes were filled with multiple attempts to get it up and running without falling over or taking off to fast and crashing. Eventually he did get the hang of it and drew quite a crowd of onlookers.  He was having such a good time with it I decided to give it a shot.  I think I had an easier time getting it going because I had been watching him. For me I really liked the handlebar control, in my opinion it's much easier and definitely more fun than the box style.Overall this is a great toy!  My 14 & 16 year olds took to it pretty easily, but a 8 year neighbor that gave it a shot had a hard time and became very frustrated.  I would recommend this to 10+ UNLESS they have had previous R/C experience.As for the price?  To me it seemed a bit high at first, but now that we have had a chance to play with it, it seems reasonable. Additionally the battery impressed me, we used it on 3 different occasions before it needed a recharge!I did take a video of the bike in action and once I get it transferred from my camera I will come back to post here.
We were very excited to receive our wheelie cycle. Our son is only 3, but my husband has been hesitant to jump into the very expensive RC world and I thought this would be a great, affordable way to get started. The instructions state not to get the cycle wet, and being that the ground is covered with snow right now, we had to try to play indoors. We quickly realized that that does not work at all. You need to drive the cycle straight for at least 8 seconds before attempting to make a successful stunt, and you would need a huge home for this to be possible indoors. On our little street, the cycle went the length of nearly 3 houses in that 8 seconds. Obviously, this little guy has some power and much more than we expected from a child's RC vehicle. So if you're planning to play indoors, cross that idea out of your mind.The controls are very responsive and the motion sensing technology of the "handlebars" is very intuitive and functions as described. To accelerate, you twist the handlebar, just like the real thing. It has two brakes on the top where you would expect them to be and in addition, it has two buttons on the bottom of the remote for turbo and wheelie. The turbo gives a big boost in speed and will cause the cycle to flip if it hasn't had enough time to build up to top speed. Likewise, trying to perform a wheelie without enough momentum will result in a spinout. Achieving a successful wheelie is challenging.My older brother had trouble keeping the cycle going in a straight line for very long, but after 20 minutes of play he was getting the hang of it. Not surprisingly, my 8-year-old nephew was able to grasp the controls in much less time. Within 15 minutes he was able to pull off a few good wheelies and continue driving after without spinning out in the process. He had a great time with it, though he did struggle to keep it straight most of the time. A child of his age should be able to master the controls in time, but it will take a lot of practice.As far as durability goes, the cycle ran head on into the curb countless times and did a full forward flip nearly as many times. The cycle and the non-removable figure on top are extremely solid and had no damage save some scuffs. The cycle has skid guards which were worn down by about 25% after an hour of play. They manufacturer generously included an extra set but it's clear that this is going to be an ongoing cost. I would assume that you can only purchase them from the manufacturer and I would also assume given they are just small pieces of plastic that they are cheap, but be prepared to need more replacements in the future.My brothers are Traxxis fanatics and have many hundreds of dollars invested in their RC vehicles, yet they were equally impressed with the power of this toy. Both said it was a good value for the MSRP given that most competitor RC "toys" on the market are nearly as expensive and not nearly as high quality. I can attest to this after searching for an affordable yet quality RC vehicle for my son and I was unable to find anything satisfactory within a reasonable price range. This, while a bit expensive, is powerful enough to justify the price. To get a vehicle of comparable power and performance, you would have to spend much more.It's definitely worth mentioning that the box has everything you need to get started, including the rechargable battery and AC adapter for the cycle and two AA's for the remote. The cycle is also MUCH larger than I had envisioned from the picture on the website. It is easily a foot long and nearly as tall and it is HEAVY! I was pleased that the wheels didn't have real spokes so injuries to little fingers aren't as big of a concern, but obviously the instructions state that you should never put your hands near the wheels when in motion.I am setting this aside for my son when he's a little older and wouldn't hesitate to buy one as a gift for a child in the 7+ range. Sure to be a hit this Christmas!
Wow! This Cycle is so much bigger than it looked in the pictures. It's maybe 12" tall and 14" wide. The motorcycle rider is not removeable. It's ready to go right out of the box and comes with all needed (rechargeable) batteries AND a battery charger, which was fantastic!  It even comes with extra skid pads for when the original pads wear down.The Remote has a throttle control, brake controls, wheelie button, and turbo button.  Probably the best thing about the controller is that it has a "gravity switch" to control steering.  So you just tilt the controller toward the direction you want to turn.We did have some difficulty getting started. I wish the bike could stand up on its own when it is stationary. We sort of had to prop it up with a foot while revving the throttle. But once it gets going, it has a lot of power to it and takes off like a shot!I agree with other reviewers that you need a lot of space to really get going and do the neat wheelie tricks.  Driveways, playgrounds, etc are ideal, but if you have a long hallway that would work too!  I would recommend for ages 10+; but my 4 year old is determined to get the hang of it!
I'm glad I got this for my husband rather than my kids.  It's definitely too difficult for them.  Even my husband would have to put in a lot of time to figure out the driving.  It's a fun toy, and a neat variation on the RC toy norm.  It really is larger than I expected.  I was quite surprised when the giant box arrived.  But it's a nice toy for older kids and adults.
And by younger children, I mean my 32 year old husband!  Seriously though... this is a really aesthetically beautiful product but it is very difficult to keep it up for more than 8 seconds.  Atleast that is how our trials have been.  Ready, ok, here we go... pick it up... reset it... ok ready; YOU GET THE POINT!It is super fast though!  We are letting it charge the appropriate hours once again and see if we get different results.  I do think that the sidewalk cracks are indeed affecting the performance.  When we took it into the street, the bike stayed up for a bit more than the normal.We do not recommend this for young children.  My six year old daughter can't use it; and I assume that an 8 year old will not be able either.  Start out with something easier as some fellow reviewers have suggested.  That is what we are going to do here!UPDATE:  Today we let it fully charge and what a difference it made!  DO NOT USE THIS TOY without fully charging.  You will not be able to use all of the functions.  The controller is motion-tilt sensitive (like the PS3 controller), so if you turn your hands left or right, it will follow the direction that you are tilting.  Today, we finally achieved a flip and landed sprawled on the ground LOL.  It truly does go so fast, that we crashed into a wall!Very fun... but again, not for the young at all.  You have to take time to master the movement and speed.  My husband suggests that we go to a very big park because the streets are still not big enough for this thing.BTW.... be careful in the street!  Ours was almost run over by a car.
The motorcycle goes very fast. We tried to play with it inside (what with it being Winter and all) and managed to crash it into walls, shoes, stairs, and cats. A good time was had by all. Except the cats. But they're ok. And amazingly, so is the motorcycle. This thing is obviously built to take it. Now we just have to wait for Spring so we can take this out on the sidewalk and really have fun.
The "Tyco R/C Wheelie Cycle" is a very cool remote control motorcycle that works pretty much as advertised! Here are my observations:* The cool controller allows for turns, throttle, and "Wheelies", but can be a little hard for littler kids to master (recommended for 10 and up, in my opinion)* Very fast, so needs a lot of room. We have a very long driveway and big yard so it was OK of us but I wouldn't let my kids use it in the house* Has good battery life (and includes all needed batteries)* A little bigger than I expected, but seems like it is very durableThis is a very cool motorcycle that the kids and adults will want to use! Recommended! It also comes inTyco R/C Wheelie Cycle 27mhz, so two can race.
We were surprised at the size of this bike when we got it.  It's over a foot long and built very well.The battery must be charged  for at least five hours before using.  When it was fully charged, we took it out onto our paved driveway to try out.You have to stand it up and hold on to it to help it take off, otherwise it falls to its side.  As soon as it left the paved part of our driveway and hit the gravel, it flipped.After a dozen or so crashes (this bike is tough!), we took it down to an empty parking lot.  It was fun, but it didn't take much to flip the bike, just a little crack in the pavement or a pebble.Even though it's frustrating to control, my eight year old son is thrilled with it and takes it out to play with the neighbor kids every chance he gets.
This is a fun toy and bigger than I expected. It is abit complicated to  for a younger kids 9 and under, but luckily it seems durable enough to last a significant amount of time...so perhaps they can grow into it a bit.It does some really cool tricks and is fast. It is very flashy/nice looking it wont work well in the house you need open space. Overall great product.
This is a FUN RC CYCLE but...is definitely an acquired talent to operate. My 11 year old had a great time with it on his own, but it was much easier with Dad helping out. They did not mind that it crashed quite a bit (I'm told that is the FUN part!) and though it took a lot of practice they did get basic control of it and loved the HIGH SPEED.It is definitely an OUTDOOR toy, too large for most homes and too unpredictable, but FABULOUS for a large driveway. It does NOT work on grass and requires a relatively smooth surface to stay stable.Even after MANY crashes it was still looking & working good, so DURABILITY is A+. Lasted quite a while on the charge, and charged QUICKLY also a BIG plus!DOWNSIDES? It was a HUGE pain to get out of the box (but in its defense, it was ready to go with NO assembly, etc.). BATTERIES are included, but DIFFICULT to get in and out of the BIKE. I would recommend that this be purchased for either a TEEN or that an ADULT be present to help any younger kids with the batteries and the operating since these are TRICKY.Worth the PRICE? Not so sure...pretty costly but it is SURE to hold up...so if you LOVE to play with RC toys, ENJOY!
At first sight this toy appeared to impress everyone from it's bright colors and dimensions. It stands a little over a foot tall and wide. The battery needs to be charged initally before first use. They want 5 hours for the first 2 charges then 4 hours thereafter. (It would have been nice if they had a indicater light on the charger to inicate when the battery is finished charging, but unfortunely it did not have one) While waiting, we read the directions and looked over the new toy. It does have a kid friendly design and does seem to be pretty well constructed(thick & Hard plastic pieces/ 4" rubber tires (back tire a little shorter with 1" thinkness of rubber). At the end of the seat there is a Wheelie bar for one of the many stunts the bike can do. The "handlebar remote" control completes the theme's motiff. Has the throttle, brake, turbo, and wheele functions. It incules a special gravity featute that when you turn the unit to the Left or Right, the motorcycle will follow. However as we soon learn it is not easy to control. We took the toy to my brother in law's house where there is a 110 foot drivway and a few acres of field. The bike doesn't want to keep straight. It really needs a wide open paved surface other than a driveway. We were hoping that it could go in the grass but anything that touches it's back tires makes it spinout and crash. There is only 1 speed and it's turning ratio is aweful, can only turn Left or Right with NO varients in between so it will only fusterate a young child or early teen. However, for stubborn older teens and adults that are extreamely determined, the toy does scream FUN! Once used to the feel of it, we were able to do a 180 pretty easily. Wheelie's were more difficult to control (there is no control when in wheelie mode) you must apply the brake to get out of the wheelie stunt. The problem was that they want you to run the bike on the ground for 8 seconds before doing any stunts and we we already out of driveway by 6 seconds. We found some helpful tips :You must hit the brake around the corner to control turning, Let the bike drag for better steering, and Keep it on the pegs for any turns. You will need to people - a driver and a chaser - having said that we did share coutless of laughs and the toy does have alot of potential if you have the right surface space and patience!
Let me start off by saying I enjoy most board games. Everything from strategy games, role playing games, to classics like monopoly and clue. My current favorite line of games just happens to the Cranium games. Repeat Pete is similar to those in the sense its definitely a good party game. In fact i would recommend it to anyone who enjoys charades. I played it with 3 people and we all had a great time. It's not the best game out there but would make a great addition to anyone's collection of games. I can't wait to play it at the next game night. It should be a blast with more people. I recommend it to anyone who loves party games.
I was prepared to dislike this game. I mean, come on, its charades in a box, right?  But, playing it with six family members (five adults and one older teen) my attitude changed dramatically. This is a real kick. It is a combination of memory, Uno and charades. We all really liked it, and will definitely play it again, preferably with a larger group.
This game couldn't be simpler -or more fun for families!  Each person draws a card, and mimicks the action on the card.  Then next person repeats the first person's action - then adds his own.  This keeps going until someone forgets an action.  This a perfect family game since no one has to read, and even our [...] year old can play.  We took just the cards on a long car trip, and a plane ride -- and it was great for both.  We didn't need the game component, just acting things out was a blast.  Works great when you're looking for something that people of all ages can do.
We don't play too many games in our house, but this one will be a keeper! We all had a great time playing, and my son's comment is the title to this review. The age range is from 8-Adult, but our son is 7 and it worked fairly well.The game has virtually no set-up...we're talking 3 minutes, max. Open the box, open the board, pick your game piece and put it on the board, and open the card boxes to put them on the board. Simple. The cards have a large variety of categories with different things to be done for each one (the examples are cards we actually drew when playing the game):Action Picture: Perform the action without making any sounds (Ex. Rocking in a rocking chair)Animal Picture: Act and sound like the animal (Ex. Penguin - good luck with that one!)Action and Sound: Perform the action with sounds (Ex. Tip your hat and say "Good Day")Action Description: Perform the action without making any sounds (Ex. Salute)Say Something: Say the word(s) on the card. (Ex. "Okie Dokie")There are also special cards, similar to those in Uno: Reverse direction of play, Skip your turn, and Do 2 actions in a Row.Basically, play goes to the left. Each person draws a card - they then have to perform all the actions, in order, that came before. After that, they perform their own. If someone messes up, that round is over. You advance on the board one space for each card you have in front of you. The person who messes up has to roll the die to see how many spaces BACKWARDS they have to move. Game ends when someone reaches "Finish". Don't plan on sitting at a chair to play this one - you're up and moving quite a bit!Our game lasted for about 40 minutes - it could be longer with only adults, or it could be shorter. Of course, the sillier the actions are performed, the easier they are to remember. There were several times we were all laughing at someone's depiction of an action (remember the penguin card?). We helped our son out a bit, which is technically against the rules. Realistically, I would say the best age range would be for 9 and up, unless you're willing to bend the rules a bit like we did. It would be a great party game for all ages, and a fun party game for adults only as well.It's got a slightly educational slant, in that it is wonderful for helping children learn to observe and recall what they have observed. Something that many adults could use assistance with!All in all, it comes highly recommended from our household. My husband (not much of a game fan) enjoyed himself, as did the rest of us. When asked if he would like to play it again, my son said "Oh, yeah!". What better recommendation could you ask for?
REPEAT PETE: CAN YOU DO WHAT PETE DOES WITHOUT MISSING A BEAT by Patch Products is a family board geared to children 8 and above. It comes with a board, pawns, a die, and Action and Special Action cards. The game itself is nicely constructed and very colorful and attractive. The rules are clearly written and easy to follow.Players simply draw an Action card and act out what the card shows. Then, the players move their pawn around the board. The next player draws a card and does the first action and then adds the action on their card, followed by moving their pawn. Players follow with everyone doing the actions in order and adding their action on to the end.Some of the Action cards have you imitate what is in a picture and some make you act like an animal. Some make you use sound and some are silent. Special Action cards give you choices. When someone forgets and misses something, players get a score for the cards they have and the losing player must roll the die for penalty points. Play then begins again until someone's pawn makes it around the game board to the end and they are the winner.This is a very silly game but both adults and children will enjoy it because it isn't complicated and it does involve everyone. REPEAT PETE gets players laughing at themselves and others, and everyone has a good time. Families would have fun watching everyone play. Be warned that people who can't laugh at themselves might not want to play this one...it takes a sense of humor and good self-esteem to carry this off, especially with "tweens" who worry so about what others "might think of them". The price might be a little steep for such a simple game but the materials are well made and would last a long time.
REPEAT!!!Ok, sorry, but that's the first thing the name of this game made me think of. The game itself is very fun. I played with my two kids, aged 9 and 6. You need to pay attention to play this game, watch and listen and remember. Each person reads a card and performs the action or makes the sounds (or both) on the card. The next person repeats the last action/noise, and adds one more based on the card they draw. And so on. It keeps building until someone goofs up. Then everyone advances their markers ("pawns") and the person that goofed up rolls a die to see whether their piece moves back 1, 2, or 3 squares. Whoever reaches the finish line first wins.The kids and I had fun acting out each of the cards. No matter whose turn it was, everyone had to pay attention, so that made it more fun than some games where you're just waiting for your turn to come around.All in all a good game.
The kids really enjoy this game. It's a fun way to keep the children's attention and to help with developing their brain power - away from the tv.
We played this game with two parents, a nine-year-old girl, and a six-year-old boy.  The game says it's for ages eight and up, but the six year old had no problems if the cards were read to him.The game consists of drawing a card and performing the action on the card (might be acting like animal, performing a very simple charade, saying a particular word, etc).  The next player then draws a card, and performs the first player's action and then his action.  Play continues and the sequence of actions to perform builds up.  When someone finally messes up, the other players advance on the board and the messer-upper goes backward.Our kids spent the game in hysterical laughter!  They were so amused by their dad meowing like a cat, or their mom snoring, or whatever.  It was kind of hard to keep their minds on the gameplay, because they just got too darn silly.  But that is their idea of a good game!  After the game ended, they grabbed the cards and made up their own little charades game.There are tons of cards.  You could play this game many, many times without reusing cards.  The cards are just the right difficulty for elementary age kids - we ran into only one or two where the kids asked "what's that?".The cards, board, and game pieces are of average quality, and should hold up just fine.  But the suggested price on this game seems much higher than on similar games.The game instructions say it's for 3 to 8 players.  But I think it would be difficult for a group much larger than 5 people or so.  If someone messes up at just 5 actions, the 6th-8th players wouldn't have even gotten a turn that round.
This game is so much fun! A great game for all ages to play together.We had gotten tired of the same old games each get together, so it was nice to have something new to play.We laughed so much! It would make a great Christmas gift.
Repeat Pete is a fun and slightly silly game. It is the type of game that kids and even high schoolers will enjoy. Thank of it as "Concentration" meets "Charades" . In Repeat Pete players are given a card that describes an action or sound that must be made. As the play goes on each player must perform the sound or action in the correct order...i.e "Smile", "Meow like a cat", "hop on one leg" and so on until someone gets the sequence wrong.While this is fun for families, it may not be age appropriate for your office game party. FIrst of all there is no strategy - you simply memorize the actions and the order that they occur. Kids can do this for days...adults will grow bored after 20 minutes - think of the game "Go Fish".However, if you are a camp leader, leader of youth group, or even a teacher you may find "Repeat Pete" both fun and useful as a team building exercise. Another added bonus is that for these types of groups is that there is not any specific knowledge or talent that is required - so no one should feel left out.FInal verdict - great game for times that you are bored and feeling a bit silly. However, I would pass on "Repeat Pete" if you are trying to make an impression on your boss with an after dinner game! 4 stars.
Repeat Pete is a board game that asks each player to perform a task such as sounding like an animal, saying a phrase or acting an action out. The next player also performs the action and then adds one more, and it keeps going until someone messes up. It's a combination of charades and a memory game.  It can be very fun in the right atmosphere and with enough people. When played with just a few players, it isn't that fun but with several people playing it can be quite funny, especially if everyone is in a silly mood.I would recommend for a large family, friends or church group.
After playing this game, my 3 kids agreed that it was very amusing and fun. The cards are a bit flimsy and I wish that the game had an additional element of guessing what the person was acting out. Sometimes we copied each other without being really clear about what action we were doing. As it is, you simply mimic the person's topic or animal and try to remember as many in a row as possible. After playing the game, we put the board away and simply acted out the topics or animals to each other.The concept of the game is fun and I'm sure we'll play this again.
Can you remember it all - and keep a straight face while the other players howl at the moon, cry like a baby, and wash their pits? We sure couldn't!The premise of the game is simple - players perform an action or say a phrase depicted on the card. As play progresses, each player must repeat the previous actions in order, ending with their own. Mess up? Roll the dice and go back several spaces.Players of all ages who don't mind looking a bit silly will enjoy this game - it is easy to play and quick (~30 minutes give or take). However, I have reservations about playing mixed age groups - e.g. our nearly 10 year old versus his very young ;) parents. It placed him at a disadvantage - he had a very hard time remembering the phrases. Our 4 year old definitely was out of luck (although each round she drew a card and performed just her action). I objected to only 1 card - there was no way I was putting my hand in my mouth - so I pointed to my teeth instead. Turns out the hubby is a bit more competitive than I first thought - and did not readily admit he messed up (so keep your cards in order!). We did make some rules modifications - the game rules state that after a player messes up, the next player starts (meaning the messer-upper goes last). We had the messer upper start first, as to give him the advantage. One star off because it isn't fabulous in our mixed age set-up, the rules were a bit unclear (there are some special cards - do 2 actions, reverse direction), and some of the actions depicted were difficult to interpret. Plus, we weren't sure where to comfortably play it - for some things you need to be standing and want to see the player's feet, but there's also the game board to deal with. A tad awkward - we went for the floor.Moms and Dads! There are some hidden educational gems to this game. It forces kids to concentrate and pay attention to detail - this was my son's actual feedback - he felt he really had to concentrate hard! This is obviously an important skill in the classroom. But, he had a blast playing this game!And watching Mr. Cool Husband act ridiculous - priceless. I finally was last because I couldn't stop laughing long enough to pay attention. &lt;sigh>
I picked this up thinking my husband and I could play with our 3.5-year-old son who is just starting to get into simple board games. Of course he has no interest in leaving the pieces on the board to see who "wins" but it's fun just to play and act out the cards. He thinks it's hilarious watching Mommy and Daddy and does really well at keeping up with us.The game works like this. You pick a card and act out what the card says. It may have you say something, do something physical, make some kind of noise, etc. Then the next person picks a card, repeats the action of the first player, and then acts out their card. The third person repeats the first two actions and then his own, etc. The first person to mess up the order or forget one of the actions ends that "round" and everybody gets to move their pieces along the board except the person who lost, who I believe has to move backwards (not sure on this as we didn't really keep track of score).The game is very simple to jump right in and play and there is a good variety of actions to perform. I do admit, there were a lot of laughs as I watched my son and husband act everything out and I myself felt quite silly most of the time. Our son really enjoys it, which was the biggest reason I picked it up, so I'm satisfied. Recommended for cheap family fun!
This is a good party game. A lot of fun for the whole family.  Challenging and funny game to play.  Great for all ages.  Fun game to play with a group of people.
The aim of Repeat Pete is simple:  as each player draws a card, they add the action onto the string of actions until one player performs it incorrectly or out of order.What I like about this game is the creativity -- for some of them, you must do the action WITH sound.  For others, you must NOT use sound, and you have to do it right.  There are animals, objects (race cars), phrases (Sweet!), and actions (wiping your brow).  This keeps it fun and interesting.There is a game board and a way of scoring to determine a winner, but in reality, I could see these cards being used in a family or party setting just sitting around the living room.This game is recommended for 8 and up, but my 10 year old daughter and I let my 4 year old join us.  We had to read the card to him, but he still had fun, even though it was harder for him to remember.  I do think that a six-year-old could probably play along pretty well.
This game is a lot like Simon Says, except better. You choose a card, do what it says and move a space ahead. The next person has to do the previous person's action and then their action from their chosen card. If someone messes up, then you start all over.This took a while to get used to, as by the time the younger ones picked up the card, they'd immediately do their action and forget to repeat the previous actions. So we'd laugh and roll the dice and start all over.In order to keep it moving, we gave up on the board game part of it. Deciding to just try and get through the 2 stacks of cards and not really worry about who was winning or when it would end.This game is simple enough for younger ones to understand, although it is more frustrating as their memory isn't as strong. But the age group of 8+ is certainly appropriate and it's a fairly easy family game that can be played around the table or on the couch on the spur of the moment.The learning comes from reading the action phrases, putting these into action along with paying attention to the other players in order to know what to do yourself. Overall a good game where memory is key.
I first played this game with my three kids, ages 8 to 11. We had a blast! It starts out easy enough as you draw a card that tells you to do or say something, but then as play moves around, you suddenly have to remember everything the other players did, but also your own cards. The rules and directions are extremely simple and the game does not take a real long time to complete. The rules say three or more players, but we were able to play it with just two players, as well. This is a great game for the whole family.
I played this game with 3 other people; my husband and my parents.  The rules were super easy to learn.  Watching people preform out the actions was hilarious.  With 4 people the game was over pretty quick; the first game lasted maybe 15 minutes, the second game 20 minutes.  I would imagine with more people the game would last longer since it would take longer for people to accumulate points.My parents were concerned that being older, they would be at a disadvantage because their memory would be worse.  Well they ended up winning both games; so I guess that wasn't true :-)We all had a great time watching each other do the silly actions in this game.  There was much laughter, so much at times it was hard to keep playing.There are quite a few cards; we maybe got through 1/6 of the cards in the two games we played.  Still, I bet you see expansion packs for this game popping up if it is popular enough.As a quick, fun game this was great.  It would be great to play with kids since it involves some movement and people get to be kind of silly.There was only one thing that was lacking.  When someone got stuck but wasn't willing to admit that they had forgotten the next action it would have been nice to have a timer.  Maybe you could start the timer when they got stuck and they get 30 seconds to remember or something like that.  It didn't happen very much but occasionally the game play would get stuck while someone sat there and tried to remember.  We ended up waiting for the person to admit defeat but a timer would have made it more decisive.The only other complaint was that having everyone stare at you and expect you to remember everything was a little disconcerting and made some people feel kind of panicky.Other than those above comments this was a great game!
This is a game my kids would have never chosen had I left it up to them. Doubtless they would have chosen something with fighting robots or lasers or sounds or hungry hippos. Something more mechanical. However, when Hurricane Ike rolled thru Texas in 2008 and we lost power for a week - this game got a lot of use.The basic premise is to draw cards and act out the action on the cards and then move forward on the board. You have to act out many actions sometimes (panting a fence, washing a window, singing, etc.) and my youngest (6) squealed with delight when it was her turn.Educationally not a lot of value but very fun, very simple and very very fast to start playing. Some board games take a lot of set up and then clean up - this one you can start playing in moments and it puts away very fast.High recommended for birthday parties, sleep overs, camp outs, etc.
I have a 6 year old and 8 year old and they were both really into this game for a few weeks!  I don't know if its due to regular lessons or part of this game that they couldn't put down for a few weeks, but my youngest actually ended up moving up in her reading group!
I played this game with my 9 year old and when I was putting the game away she asked "when can we play again?"  She also told me to give this game 5 stars.  You could use this game as part of a family game night, or a game at a birthday party.  That said, you DON'T need to have a kid to enjoy this game.  All you need is a few out going personalities (ex:you might have to act like a chicken or pretend to shovel snow).  I can't wait to bring this game to my next family party were most of the players will be over 45.  I know we will have a great time! FYI: With a good memory you will have fun and probably win.  If you have a bad memory, you will just have fun.
My family is willing to do stupid things, and we frequently do so for the art of comedy.  Board games facilitate this activity when more structure is desired, with Taboo being the current favorite.  Repeat Pete is a simpler game that attempts to bring in the entire family by creating an extremely simple rule set and concept:  The first player picks up a card and does what it says (say a catch phrase, make a motion with sound, etc.).  The player to the left will then do what that person did and add a new action.  This continues until a long series of action is required.  There is no real need to do an action correctly, which leaves the game with a light atmosphere, and there is plenty of room to ham it up.  When someone fails to remember an action or does them in the wrong order, the round is over and players move ahead depending on how many times they performed the correct actions.  The evil doer who broke the pattern has to role a die and move backwards in shame.It really is that simple, and that is the primary draw of the game.  While more complicated games may not be good for the uninitiated, you can take Repeat Pete out and play through a quick game with almost no explanation or setup.  I do think that with only 3 people, the recommended minimum, it is likely that the person with the worst short-term memory will simply lose over and over.  The requirement to move backwards while the other players move forwards makes it all the more impossible for them.  However, because this game tests memory rather than IQ, which people can sometimes be embarrassed about, losing should not ruffle any feathers and the game is still enjoyable.  We also allowed my 3 year old nephew to have a turn, in which he drew a card and just copied some of our more memorable actions.  He enjoyed it and didn't feel left out, while we enjoyed his impersonations of our stupidity.While it may not be incredibly original, if you are interested in a lighthearted board game that can bring quick enjoyment to a mixed age group, it is likely that Repeat Pete will please you.
Our five children are all six and under, so we had to adjust the game a bit. This is like Simon Says, but you do actions in order, according to the "Pete" who added an action in a series right before you.The board is nice and big and quite simple, and we were pleased with that. The children were intrigued as well, since the board spaces were large, and there were plenty of game pieces and color choices to go around.The main con is that the instructions were not as simple as the game. It took a little while to figure out what the die was for. When a player messes up the action sequence, everyone else moves forward according to the number of cards they have (the number of actions they've added to the series), but the mess-up person has to move backwards according to a roll of the die - this was a little de-motivating for my kids, but again, they're quite young for the game.All in all, a lot of fun, good memory practice, and not obnoxious or too long! Of course, it would've helped if everyone was a reader, but the picture cards were helpful for my three and two year olds.You won't be sorry - give it a whirl!Sra. GoseAuthor of Flip Flop Spanish: Ages 6-9: Level 1 (Book + Audio CD)
Patch Products Company - The same company who brought us "Buzzword", the card game "Swap" and Jeff Foxworthy's "You Might Be  Redneck" boardgame now brings "Repeat Pete" to families. Repeat Pete is part old school charades,and monkey see monkey do.But who IS Pete? The player who performed the last action is always Pete, and the next player must repeat what Pete did plus add a new action. The more players who draw a card and succeed means other players have to remember even more and repeat everything in turn. Imagine a player performing the following sequence before it's your turn:Act and sound like a gorilla.Say "Gimme a Kiss."Dance like a ballerina.Scratch Your HeadBark like a dog.Swing an imaginary baseball bat.Cry like a baby...Draw your card next!  Can you continue the insanity without missing a beat? If so, you're on your way to victory, but if you mess up the sequence or forget one of the actions, you'll end the round and roll the penalty die. The players score is in direct relation to the number of cards they have drawn and completed. The first player to the finish line wins the game.Contents:267 cards with action only cards, animal act and sound like cards and action/word sound cards21 special play cards including skip a turn, reverse and do 2 actions in a row cardsGame Board1 Die8 PawnsrulesThis game is for children that can read through adult ages.  I imagine that it would be a great adult party game if you got everyone to be involved as well as for a group of tweens.  All in all, good, clean family fun!
Repeat Pete! is a memory game--similar to Concentration--that challenges players to remember the actions of the players who went before.The first player draws a card and performs the action on it. The second player draws a card, performs the action of the previous card and then the action on the new card. This continues until someone messes up by forgetting an action or performing actions in the wrong order. There are also cards that complicate things by reversing the order players take turns, making players skip turns, or perform two new actions instead of one.I played this game with my family, and we found it a lot of fun, particularly my 12-year-old who was reduced to giggle fits. The actions can be pretty funny, and can include things like acting like a mouse, crying like a baby, and saying, "What's so funny?"--in that order. It's a game the entire family or a group of giggly tweens can enjoy, and we plan to play it again soon.My only quibbles are that I'm not fond of games that make some players feel like losers--rounds end when someone messes up--and I prefer games adults can play on their own too. This also isn't a game for kids who can't yet read well, so if you have children under the age of eight, they will probably feel left out. It also works best with three to six players, which means you need to have the right number of people around who want to play it. But this is a fun game, particularly if you have a giggly tween in the family, and we look forward to playing it again soon.
I must say this game causes a lot of laughs.  My husband and I played with our two sons, ages 14 and 11, and we all at times were hysterical.  My sons loved turns that involved making noises, the stranger the better, and we all liked seeing how each other acted out things like playing pool.  However, I think the format is more like a fun party pasttime than a game.  Most members of my family (present company excluded!) are very competitive, and this game really is more just for laughs.  The game board is very simple, but still takes a while to complete, and after a while we were abandoning the repeating aspect of the game and just picking out cards and acting things out, as we started to not care who won.  My kids do want to play again, but my husband really doesn't.  I did have to realize that memory gets worse after age 40, as the adults certainly didn't measure up to the kids in that area!Overall, I think this would be something to buy for party fun or just as a catalyst for a family laugh.  If you are a serious board gamer, it might seem lacking.
Repeat Pete has the same play element as charades.  It's more fun and involving than charades, but the central part of trying to depict something is there.I'm giving the game four stars because I think it's definitely a great game for certain kinds of people:  Families, kids, and parties (which may or may not involve alcohol).  It's definitely not for me, but I don't want my subjective opinion to taint the game's rating.This game is not for people who are self conscious or don't like acting silly.  I've played games like Pit (everyone acting like a stock trader all at once) which can be very silly while still being competitive.  Repeat Pete was too far over the line for me to enjoy it.  I have the same reaction to Pictionary. But again, I can see that this game would be great for others, especially families with young children.
I got this as a gift for my girlfriend's nephew.  He loves firemen, firetrucks, firehouses, etc.  In fact, he had his recent birthday at a local firehouse that offers a up close look at all of the equipment and trucks.  He loved it and his friends thought it was the coolest.  So of course, he wanted a rescue heroes fireman related item.  At first I wasn't sure if this was quite the right pick, but after seeing his face - this was the perfect gift.  There are electronic sounds for the sirens and little plastic flames for the trucks to pretend putting out.  This item, for the money, offers a ton of extras that many others in this price range do not.  He isn't really into transformers, but after playing with this - you would've never guessed that.  All and all, I couldn't have found a better gift.
My boys were thrilled to see this package being unwrapped.  They haven't watched any Transformer shows, but they are still somehow aware of what they are.  The idea that this was a Transformer fire station made this so much more interesting to them.  They loved the fact that it made noises and had lights.  It comes with a fire truck that looks like a Transformer underneath and one fireman.  This toy kept their attention all night.  We will see the long term fun value in the coming days.  I only have two problems with this toy.  First, the truck launcher does not really launch the truck, more like a nudge.  You can barely see any movement when you try to hook it up.  My other problem with this toy is a basic one, price.  For how much you are paying for this toy, I think it should do some more things or come with more accessories.  Overall, it seems to be a good toy, perfect for boys 2-4(in my opinion).The price on Amazon has dropped since posting this review from $49 to $34 for this product...much better and worth the price.
Boys like to play with playsets -- even dollhouses (although you'd be hardpressed to get my son to admit that!), so I love that more and more playsets are being made for young boys. The Rescue Optimus Prime Fire Stations is a great option for boys who love fire trucks, transformers, and pretend play.Highlights of this playset:*It comes with a fire truck (with a transformer imprinted on the undercarriage but it is not a transforming toy) and rescue figure.*Comes with water house and pretend water*Sides fold in and when you turn it around, you can turn a switch to see Optimus Prime (or make it look like a fire house still)*Fun elevator and pole (the figure can stay put while circling down the pole!)*Optimus Prime talks*Pretend fire that can be knocked down (or put out)My son loves this playset -- he's constantly making up different stories and using hisTransformers Rescue Bot Optimus PrimeandTransformers Rescue Bot Bumblebeeas part of the playset.My son is four, almost five, and I was worried this might be a bit young for him, but it's not. It's sturdy enough for him to crash his toys into it and can survive a year or two of playing before he outgrows it. The only concern I have is the turner used to change the front from Optimus Prime to the fire house will break -- it's doesn't always work correctly and I have to manually flip parts. My son doesn't really care though, and if it stopped working, he wouldn't care then too - He just likes that it's a Transformer toy that he can play with.
What a great, fun, loud boys' and tomboys' toy! There is so much that this toy does that it's impossible to describe it all in a few words. From the minute kids see the toy in the box (!) they fall in love. Then, when we (finally) get everything out & they start playing, there are hours of glee that follow with the cars, bots, etc., etc. One word: this thing is loud! Kids love to make it talk and make noise, and there are many options for this, so even if the kids are quiet for hours, the toy is not. Not for quiet, contemplative children. But for pure raucous fun, this is the one.
My 17 month old son loves this dump truck.  We've had it for about two weeks, and not only has it not lost it's appeal, but it seems to be growing in popularity with him.The truck itself is fairly large - slightly bigger than theGreen Toys Dump Truck, which my son also loves.  However, this toy has two added elements.  Press the red button on the side and the wheels will rumble for 8 seconds before the truck will roll itself about 5 feet.  It rolls best on harder surfaces (it does better on the wood floor than the area rug), and I think plush carpet might not work well.  Or press the driver down in his seat and the truck has three sound/music displays that rotate.  Two are just the driver saying minor slogans, but the third is a 10-15 second display of lights (the headlights flash) and music.  It's a bit lound, but my son loves it.My son quickly discovered how to set off both actions by himself and loves playing with this truck.  The bed of the dumptruck also moves and is large enough to put a few small toys in.  It's durable hard plastic and has resited being thrown, dragged and generally beat up (my son's favorite action with any toy is to beat it against hard surfaces).Overall, this has been a great find.  I like that there's just enough automation to make it interesting, but not so much that my little one doesn't have to use his imagination in his play.
My 2-year-old adores this dump truck!  It's big enough for her to load her blocks into it to move them around, but small enough that she can pick it up and move it around to different play areas.  While she enjoys the music, as well as the rumble and roll, she much prefers to just put her toys in and push it around herself.  The automated rolling doesn't work well on anything except for flat, hard surfaces, so when she plays on the plush carpet or in the grass, she has to operate it manually.That said, it seems to a fairly good toy, though I suspect it won't last nearly as long as some of the metal versions we have seen that don't have all the bells and whistles.
From the packaging, one would expect that the truck is made out of solid gold.  Alas, it is not - just plastic. The fairly light-weight toy packs some interesting functions that can keep a 2-3 yr old engaged.  Kids may not notice it, but adults are likely to be wishing for a volume control option in this toy. Mercifully, there is an off switch, but then it reduces the fun factor. (investing in ear plugs is an option).  Overall, the toy is well constructed, seems durable (at least with occasional outdoor use) and has captured the attention of a 2 yr old that he has ignored remote-controlled cars for a long time.
Here is another great option for your K-3rd grader.  And, the price is right for what Amazon is asking.  However, I wouldn't pay the higher price as some individual sellers have it marked.The ability to change Car-Tridges adds a bit of extra fun and realism to the game.  My children have fun exchanging their race cars and putting them to the test and into action on the screen.The controller is great for traveling as it is small enough to be easily thrown into your laptop's case when traveling.It is also a nice option for classroom application.  I teach 2nd grade and am always on the lookout for ways to reward good work/behavior.  I have added the HotWheels Turbo Driver to my bag of incentives for the students.  You would be amazed at how much hard work and good behavior you can get out of a child when there is 10 minutes of play time on the HotWheels Turbo Driver hanging in the balance.
Easy plug and play device that lets you race Hot Wheels cars on the computer. You can change the car to use on different race tracks. It is very easy to set up and gives "computer time" to your racing fan without worrying about what they might come across on the internet.The different tracks are alot of fun and we liked the ability to change to car so that there are many options and keeps the game from getting boring.I definitely recommend!
This is a great toy for the whole family. It is easy to install and play. My little one of three enjoyed messing with the cars and her brother (nine) and sister (six)  enjoyed having a competions. You are able to race on different tracks and can buy other cars so the fun continues for some time.
I wanted to write a thorough review of this product as it's being touted one of the hot toys for this Christmas and I see some sellers are already tripling the price. The game is clearly over-hyped, though it's not terrible. My initial impressions of the game were pretty good. For the retail price, I think this is a great little racer for those who don't have a gaming console. It also has advantages over other PC racing games in that it comes with it's own controller, which could easily cost you an extra $10 or more on top of the cost of the game.I wanted to point out right away that multiple children cannot have their own profiles in this game. The first child is asked to enter their name and design their license plate (which you don't actually see on the car, shame) and from there on out, it's their game. You can't enter other names and children can't have their own progress. This would have been simple for Hot Wheels to implement and I was really disappointed that they didn't.Also, I was seriously irked that the instructions and notes to parents constantly referred to my "son". What if my daughter likes racing games?! I know, minor gripe, but come on! This is 2008! Girls like cars, too! ;)Now onto the "real" review!Installation was quick and simple. Took less than 5 minutes and encountered no problems.The controller itself was comfortable to hold for extended periods of time, though it's shape is a little odd and could have been smaller to accommodate little hands. Other than that, the controls are very tight and responsive. There are only two buttons, gas and break, and the joystick. So it's very easy for anyone to pick up and play right out of the box.Graphics are pretty good for what you're paying for this game. It's not Wii or PS3 graphics, to be sure, but you get what you pay for. There are clean and nice to look at and each track is very varied and designed well for the setting they are in. The physics of the actual cars are pretty impressive for a kids game as well. Events such as running into other cars or going over ramps cause the car to react very realistically, flipping onto the side, teetering in the air, etc. Again, more than I expected from this kids toy.Sound isn't horrible, but it's not amazing either. The cars don't sound very realistic, but it's not so off that you'll be bothered much by it. Your child may not even notice. The music is pleasant but not memorable in any way, but it's a racing game. Who cares!Now to the actual gameplay. It's a suitable title for kids as there is nothing inappropriate or violent to be seen here. No vehicles blowing up, flying off cliffs to certain doom, running over people, etc. There are 9 tracks, all taking place in different settings around the world, from jungles to snow scenes to the traditional racetrack. They are very no nonsense. Very little frill or fluff here. You stick to the main path and you can't fall off or do anything other than.. well, race. The tracks sometimes seem very narrow and it does feel a little too guided at times, but I'm sure the aim was to make this easy for young kids to play, not to impress their parents.One very important note is that your child can't win all the races unless they have all the cars. I like to think I'm pretty good at these types of games, and I could steadily pull second in all races, but it is literally impossible to get first place if you do not own the appropriate cars. This is where the $20 game (which is a good value) quickly turns into a $60 game. Each car has it's own special ability that allows it to take special shortcuts that no other car can take.Now, I take this with a grain of salt. My son LOVES cars. You are probably going to pay at least $2 each when buying regular cars, unless you buy them in a value pack. The Turbo Driver cars are pretty much regular cars except that they have a little indent in the bottom which allows it to fit onto the controller. Other than that, these are regular Hot Wheels cars that can be played with just like any other. The way it's designed, you don't have to worry about the special parts breaking that would make it unplayable with the game, but it probably shouldn't be taken in the sandbox or bathtub.One obvious downside to this is that they can, and likely will, get lost. It seems Hot Wheels thought of this ahead of time, because once you win a specific race with it's special car, you unlock a permanent ability which can be equipped to ANY car. These abilities seem to be the same as the special car's innate ability, so in theory it would allow any car to win any race if they have the right ability equipped.Being that there are only 9 tracks, your child may get bored quickly, but there are plenty of bonuses that can be earned through regular play. There are several different horn sounds, special effects and even tricks you can perform, all of which are purchased with points you get for winning a race. You win more points the higher your finishing rank is. These are purely eye candy and serve no functional purpose when racing, but for the child that likes to unlock the full potential of his games, this should keep him busy for a while. Also, you can earn medals for each race, which entails collecting all 3 Hot Wheels token which are present on every track. Usually collecting these means sacrificing the race because you are likely to lose a lot of time to maneuver around obstacles to collect them all, but it's kind of fun to collect all the medals. You can do this even if you only have the car that comes with the game. Like the previous mentioned bonuses, however, the medals don't serve any other purpose.All that said, I was pleased with the initial game for the price. I wouldn't go out and buy all the cars, which really limits what you can do with the game. Though for my 3-year-old who loves cars and doesn't have the coordination to play the console games yet, it was a good value.When reviewing the total cost of the game with all cars, even considering that you get real Hot Wheels cars that you can play with away from the game, you are easily paying over $60 here. For the same price, you can get Mario Kart Wii which is a LOT more fun, has TONS more content and replay value, and is something the whole family will enjoy. The only downside to that is, if you don't have a Wii, your $60 quickly becomes over $300. So it still holds true that this is a decent game for those who don't have gaming consoles or for kids who aren't yet coordinated enough to play console racing games, which are much more difficult for a child of this age to win.For a simple pick up and play racing game that my young son can enjoy, it is worth the initial cost of the game.
This is a fun toy. First I won't and can't compare it to more advance game systems it couldnt stand up to that. However, for what you pay you get access to many deferrent games with Hotwheels.com and you can purchase additional cars (carthridges). The graphics are decent enough. It's seems pretty durable like one of those toys you can plug in many years later and expect it to work. My son likes it and he's into more advance games, but he still gets some fun out of this one as does his friends. Ages 5-8 should like this allot.
my son gave this as his secret santa gift at school but his friend loved this toy. it was easy to connect and get started to play. the cartridges are hard to find in stores. that may or may not be a local problem. you can find them online with no problem. the races are fun, easy enough for a kid. fun concept.
This is great for young entry level gamers who don't already have one of the big game console players. I was pleasantly surprised by the graphics (high quality and well detailed) and by the friendly maneuverability of the car. The system allows for a moderate lack of precision by driver. Wipe-outs are fairly quick to self correct to get back to driving. My boys are aged 7 and 8 and have had the Game Cube, Gameboy, and Ninetendo DS for years. They did enjoy playing this despite the other competion in their playroom. They thought it was cool to have 8 different courses to choose from (Grand Prix, Islands, Streets, Arctic, Jungle, Volcano, Desert, and The Sky). There is also 20 games online available to play (which in fine print, Hot Wheels reserves the right to discontinue after 01//1/2010). If your kid is crazy about Hot Wheels cars, you can buy extra cars to race on the gaming unit. The plus in buying the other cars is that each car runs best on it's particular home course and the home car is the only one which will enable the driver to use the special tricks (i.e. going thru/under water or fire...) and short cuts built into the course. Other pluses are this unit takes no batteries and the packaging was very easy to open with it's tear perforations. This unit does require having a computer to run it-it is NOT a TV plug-in-play game.
I thought this fielding trainer would be a great training tool to help nurture my niece's natural athletic ability, but I think it will need to go back on the shelf for a couple of years. The material is so stiff that it would be frustrating for most t-ballers to use for training. Only the most devout tiny players would want to work through the trial and error using this product would provide. \An older child, maybe 7 to 8 who loves baseball would be more accustomed to practice making perfect and work through the breaking in and adjustment period.
My son and I have been using this to help with grounders, and for that, it's excellent.  You simply must get in front of the ball to field it.  The foam is hard enough that the ball will bounce off if they aren't using a second hand to reel the ball in.  Plus, since it's completely flat, they can't reach out to the sides.  It is a 2-layer foam design and is stiff enough that you can't really bend it when using it.  A baseball will bounce off rather than being deadened.My only complaint, especially for a training aid is the way it fits onto your hand.  There are elastic straps embedded in the rear.  They are symmetrically spaced to equally suit righties or lefties.  The problem is that they aren't adjustable.  My 9-10 year old's fingers were just barely able to reach, and he said it was really spreading his hand.It takes a decent number of grounders for them to get used to easing the ball into their hands vs. flipping the ball up to their chest, or letting it bounce off.  To me, the biggest advantage is just forcing them to get into the right position.Therefore, you may want to try this on before buying.
What a nice way to teach novices how to catch!  This mitt slips on the fingers much like a glove, but at first the stiffness takes some getting used to.  With much practice this mitt will soften without losing the protective padding for the hand.  While I can not speak for this item's durability, this is an effective way to teach catching without breaking the bank.This mitt is best used on preteens.  Children younger than ten may have trouble getting the hand into the finger holds.
I had the chance to try this out and I'm actually impressed by it. This is simply put a foam ramp with elastic bands on the back where your fingers slide into on one hand, the use of this is the ball comes towards you, you put this on the ground as a ramp and then use your second hand to stop/catch the ball. It's executed well, build quality is high considering your paying around $10. Definitely recommend it if you need help coaching your kid on how to field balls.
This is another one of SKLZ's baseball training devices. This is a foam baseball mitt that cannot catch the ball. What it does is force you to use two hands to catch the ball and develop quick soft hands. This type of training glove is made by all  major baseball equipment companies in leather or synthetic leather but is quite a bit more expensive.Construction: It's a 3 layered piece of heavy foam about 5/8" thick with elastic bands for fingers on the backside. It's pretty sturdy.Comments: It works pretty well. A leather/synthetic training glove is more substantial but you can buy a bunch of these and give them all to your fielders without breaking the bank.Summary: A nice and inexpensive foam fielder training glove.
We got this for my daughter who plays softball, but often forgets to use both hands when fielding.  This is a great little trainer, it fits her small hands and my larger hands and makes it impossible to catch the ball without using both hands.  The foam is flexible enough you can catch the ball, as long as you use both hands.  If you have a softball or baseball player who needs a little help remembering to use both hands, this is a great tool!
Overall, I like Juno Baby series.  They are fun and colorful and keep the child interested.  They seem to be geared more towards girls than boys, but it may not matter for some.  I think this is a good way to introduce a child to music.
This is a cute DVD.  The puppets and backgrounds are really colorful and full of life.  The music is really well done and catchy.What I like about this DVD is the overall message that music/rhythm is all around us and can be made from simple things (i.e. hands, feet, toothbrush, etc.).For example one scene is Juno's brother, Rai Rai, and he has a spoon, a box and a pot - Juno asks what he is going to do with those things and he says "make music".Another scene has Bunny pulling his zipper up and down and Juno points out that you can find rhythm everywhere.  "All you need is just a little creativity, everywhere you turn is is rhythm..." goes the song.The songs capture my 14 month olds attention more than the talking parts but my 3 year watches the whole thing and even sings along.
I've remarked before how the "Juno" videos remind me of "Blue's Clues" but less annoying and with better music. It's basically a puppet show with drawn backgrounds and I found it to be a decent educational video.There's more of an emphasis on music (rhythm in particular, in this case) and it also eggs on little viewers to do things like count along with the video's characters. At one point, they had a cow in a coo-coo clock (moo-moo clock?) where they counted as the clock struck seven. My kids sort of got the point and mooed along with the cow at least.Maybe I'll have to work with them a little more on that.
Attitudes about whether children under the age of 2 should watch any form of television have been pretty negative for as long as I can remember. As a parent of a kid who is now 11 and grew up watching children's programming from Sesame Street to Bob the Builder I'd be a hypocrit if I even suggested not letting your kid watch TV. Even worse if I said to limit it. Kids like TV! The best I think we can do is try to find some personal restrictions we feel work best for each of our own kiddos. With that in mind I'm going to admit to something bad. Very bad. I sometimes plop my 1 year old in front of the tube with some Handy Manny or Sesame Street just so I can get some of the household chores done or write a product review. Oh no, that's not the bad part. The bad part is that I don't feel guilty about it.Why don't I feel guilty? Well, aside from the fact I feel like even a stay-at-home mom like myself sometimes needs a coffee break I've made an effort to be choosy about what is on that TV. If there's nothing educational about it it doesn't get "watched". And I can say we're lucky these days. A lot more of toddler programming has foreign language mixed in, subtle discussion of using manners, and outright teaches things like shapes, colors and numbers. So I am always on the look out for DVDs I can add to our collection for the toddler.I'm not really impressed with a lot of the supposed "educational" ones so I will say I was iffy as to whether Juno Baby had anything to offer. Now that we've watched it several times I feel comfortable reviewing and saying that a) there are a couple of cow-popping out of a barn and moo-ing sequences that freak my baby out, every time! b) the puppets are adorable, with the cutest little voices and c) if you love music and want to share an appreciation for music with your tot this is a really good one. It's silly, sweet and on a toddler level without seeming dumbed down. The bright colors and gorgeous instrumental music make this one very eye and ear catching. My only issues I could find was that it's not very long. I didn't time it but it isn't long enough for me to make dinner so... :PI may have been iffy at first but I'm thinking about buying another one now that I know my little one likes it. Just please... no more scary cows.
This is basically a small light box for drawing. There's a small clear part where light shines from underneath - the template sits on top of the shadowbox inside. If the child can trace, this is a fun activity. The box says from age 7, but it's also fun and doable for younger kids, probably from age 4. Perfect for distracting/occupying a child at the doctor's office or at a restaurant.To use it, you need to provide your own 4 AA batteries for the shadowbox. Inside, you can store 20 plastic templates, square papers and a small felt-tip pen. There are little notches on the templates to provide greater stability, but it can pop off if the template is warped. The square paper slides into the slot on top and remains there rather securely.Yes, you can adjust the zoom, but it's very inconvenient because you have to open the green outer box to get to the shadowbox. Also, I wouldn't say it "zooms" because the default setting fills the 4 1/8" by 4 1/8" square paper, and the only change in size is to go smaller.You will run out of paper quickly, so have some extra already cut to fit.
My 7 year old has recently discovered drawing so this was a perfect choice for him. The set is fairly compact so that it doesn't take up my entire table and it has a convenient case for all of the pieces. I find that this is much better than the big art tables that are back lit that we looked at. I also find that it has taught my son some of the basics of animal drawing and he is now starting to move on to free handing some of them. The set comes with 20 disks that can be arranged differently to produce different drawings. Now that he has drawn a lot of the combinations his free hand is getting much better.The negatives that go with this set is that the light isn't very bright so the room you are drawing in needs to be very low lit. Also, the cardboard shade gave out (after a fair amount of use as he has been playing with this for two weeks straight). However, we simply cut another piece to put in and use. Last there is a finite number of combinations so there are only so many drawings that your child can produce.Overall, we are very happy with this toy and my son has gotten a lot of play out of it. It is also a great tool for teaching the beginnings of drawings as they start trying to free hand some of the animals after awhile.
My eight-year-old daughter absolutely loves to do crafts and mess around with markers and paper, so I knew this product would be right up her alley.  The minute the package arrived at our door, she raced off to give it a try.In order for the toy to function, you'll need 4 AA batteries, which were not included.  I swear, my kids must eat them because we had to scour the house looking for some rechargeables that weren't already being used in some other toy or video game controller.  I wish I'd had the forethought to make sure I had enough before the toy arrived, because my daughter was pretty distraught when we had trouble finding batteries.  I guess Amazon's happy, though, as it meant I ended up ordering some more batteries.That aside, the toy itself is encased in a pretty sturdy green plastic shell.  I don't think it would take a lot of beating, though, so some careful treatment is required.  The transparent plastic window on the top of the device, along with the round piece that covers the bulb are both pretty sturdy.  The toy comes with a small, black felt-tip pen, 10 sheets of paper, and 20 disks, along with a cardboard piece that can be used as a sort of screen to make the projected image easier to see.  The screen was a disappointment as it goes without saying that the cardboard can very easily and quickly be trashed.  I wish this piece had been plastic instead.To draw, you simply place one of the twenty animal disks over the bulb, close the toy, lay a sheet of paper over the transparent window, and trace the image.  My daughter had tons of fun trying out various wheels and then coloring the pictures in.  The toy was very easy for her to use, and she was proud to show us her results.  She really likes the felt-tip pen, but it can be easily swapped for a pencil or a magic marker if the pen runs out of ink.When your child is finished playing, they simply put the disks in the little compartment reserved for them, and then put the remaining pieces in the unit before closing the lid and clasping it shut.  It's about the size of a small purse and it's not very heavy, so it's definitely easily portable.  I can imagine taking it someplace like a restaurant or the airport, and it would keep your child entertained for a good stretch of time.However, the paper is an odd size for the U.S.  If you're really particular, you can trim regular paper to the proper size, but that would frankly be a pain.  We have a 6 in x 9 in tablet of drawing paper that works fairly well for replacement purposes.  You can either cut the paper in half or lay the full-sized sheet over the unit (it will cover the entire surface area and then some) and then just move it over to draw on the remaining portion.  This isn't ideal because it means you can't slide the paper under the little lip on the screen, so it's harder to hold the sheet in place while drawing.The paper issue and the cardboard screen knock what would otherwise be a five-star product down to four stars.  Still, this is a nice toy for any budding artist.
We gave this to a 7 year old who really enjoyed it.  Like other reviews have said, you have to cut paper down to fit in the machine and it could have been made more sturdy.  But it is a fun tool for kids to gain confidence in drawing and to practice tracing.
My four and six year old grandchildren love to draw and they loved the Ravensburger Xoomy Animals. They played with it for days.Only ten sheets of 4" square paper is provided so you'll have to be prepared with paper and scissors to make more squares. We went through a lot of paper!  The recommended age for this was 7 plus. The kids weren't as careful with the animal image patterns as they should have been and many were bent or walked on as they fell on the ground and were not picked up. Unless your four to six year olds want to eat the discs, you shouldn't have a problem with safety--the problem you may have is that their little hands don't always carefully put them on the zoom lamp carefully and they get bent or they fall on the ground and at four the excitement of a new toy sometimes superseded the need to pick up the discs which were then stepped on.The device is easy to use and the kids played with it for a couple of weeks before most of the discs were bent or lost. I think if the kids had been older the appeal would have faded long before a couple of weeks.The device and discs don't really foster a lot of creativity, but it did provide many hours of fun during the time the kids were enamored with the unit.We ended up replacing the batteries twice in two weeks as the kids would forget to turn the unit off.
This is a fantastic drawing toy for any child that loves tracing and loves animals. The case itself is very durable and a nice carrying case. The discs, on the other hand, are a little cheap and flimsy. However, they do work.I have no problem with the light quality or strength and tested it with three sheets of photo copy paper and could still see the projected image through the paper.I really like how the bulb can be raised and lowered for differ sized tracings. I also like the ability to line up and merge parts of drawings together to allow for some creativity.Yes, the paper is an odd size and you get very little of it. A heavy weight template would be nice for cutting more.The drawing surface is pretty strong. I put pressure down on it and it did not move.The other nice use of this toy is as a little light table. You can easily put a small image on the surface under a piece of paper and trace it like a professional light table.I really like this and definitely recommend it.
This is a great toy! My ten year old daughter loves it! She's an animal lover and this is perfect for her! She spent hours playing with it. The case is great as well, because she can take it with her to her friends' houses. It's also great to be able to gather it all up in the case when it's time to clean up. I was thinking this would also be a great toy to take on vacation as well.  This is a wonderful toy for any child who likes to draw or color and enjoys animals! I'm going to buy another one for her best friends birthday in June!
My kids love to color and draw, so this is a great toy for them. It comes with a few sheets of paper cut to fit onto the machine, 20 design foils, and a tracing pen. My kids blew through the paper the first day, and I needed to cut more from our printer paper. The tip of the pen does not hold up well to a 4 year old pressing hard. However, my kids enjoyed tracing the different images of animals. This devise has had lots of use, and seems to have lots of possibilities.
I have a 9 yr old and a 5.5 yr old. Both were enthralled with this toy out of the box.It consists of one plastic box with a light and clear window, a small stack (10 sheets) of perfectly square paper, 20 clear plastic designs to trace and a thin tipped felt pen. It was super easy to set up, batteries were installed (requires 4 AA) and it was good to go.My 9 year old was excited to draw and trace the patterns and probably did 5 right off the bat. Her younger brother came home and did another 4. BAM! paper gone, which wouldn't be a big deal except it fit perfect into the little space made for the paper, so it doesn't slide around. We cut some more but not without it being a pain in the butt.The felt tip pen was small and perfect for little hands. Even my 5 yr old picked up it quickly and was able to trace perfectly with no problem. They made exact copies and then did some silly, mixed - up animals, too. Then, they walked away.Its been 3 weeks and no one has used it again. I finally put everything back in the box and put it on a shelf. It will come out again when we go on vacation or maybe take it to grandma's so they can pull it out as a novelty.All in all, its a great concept and wonderful, but it lacks the ability to hold my children's interests.
We have other tracer boxes for our young ones, this plastic one uses small circular patterns and light to project to the small drawing area, and was easy for them to start up and fun for them to use immediately.There are rings of animals that become larger with the tracing.  A few sheets of paper that are used up quickly, but it's easy to cut your own.  Our 5 year old set it up, traced it, colored it and moved on to the next animal.  They're basic line drawings, but nice for kiddoes to learn angles and see results.The fun lasted for a hour, and they came back to it on later days then on to new things, but it provides entertainment mixed with some skill practice.  We encourage tracing, copying, like from a book, drawing what you see, and drawing what you don't see.  The kids constantly amaze me.
I gave this toy my daughter to play with.  She she said she does like it and it is easy to use.  The only downside to her was the images do not get very big.What I observed is the construction of the toy is good, I do beileve it should hold up over time if used properly.  One concern would be the number of batteries one may go through if the kids forget to turn off the light.  The toy requires 4 batteries. (not included)Additionally, this toy has suffered the same fate as many of their other toys.  Great fun for a couple of weeks and then it collects dust.This toy does help kids learn to draw via tracing.I would recommend the toy to friends and family with kids that have an interest in drawing.
My 4 and 6 year old daughters were both extremely happy with this device. It's already had hours of use from each of them.  Yes, a 4 year old CAN use it, if they have a good attention span.What we loved:Mix-n-match discs (they are designed with similar dimensions so kids can create new "animals"Very portableAll contents are carried inside the box, including discs and pensThe light box is deep, so kids don't have to "crouch" over the deviceCONS:The hinges are poorly made and I don't expect this toy to last long before the plastic/bendy hinge wears outAlthough it includes an assortment of discs, the kids already wanted "more" by day 2. Buying add-on packs would be a nice option. At this time, you have to purchase an entire xoomy device to get more discs.The batteries don't last long (only a few hours - you'll be changing them alot)The batteries are DIFFICULT to change. There are several steps involved in changing them. You will need a screwdriver.You cannot use it in the car because the box itself is just too small to sit on a lap. I guess when I saw "portable" I thought this would be a good travel toy, like the leapfrog tag units, but it is not.Overall, I would still recommend this for a child who is artistically inclined. It is very good hand/eye practice. Just don't assume they'll have it for years to come. I seriously doubt it will last all that long.
This art and drawing kit does produce great stencils that can be colored in. I believe the age designation started at 7 years, but, unless your child is precocious, or an art wizard, I would say 9 or 10 year old children would do better with this tool, especially without adult assistance. It was just too complicated and too small (for uncoordinated young hands) for my year old grandchild to use on her own. Durability and quality of materials and workmanship is between a 2 and 3 out of 5 stars. Another good reason to keep it out of the hands of those too young to appreciate it!
The Ravensburger Xoomy Animals set is a unique children's introduction to drawing. It comes with 20 different transparent animal images which your children will be able to learn to copy/trace. 10 sheets of paper, and a black felt tip pen. The Xoomy allows you to mix and match these different images as well as magnify to create small picture or larger ones. The Xoomy is recommended for children ages 7+ however, my 5 year old daughter is quite able to use this on her own and loves it. In fact she quickly ran out of paper (10 isn't a lot) so I had to get some of my basic white printer paper and cut her some more.You can also buy other stencils for it includes a boy's pattern and girls pattern set. It does require 4 AA batteries which are not included, but other than that it is ready to go straight out of the box.Overall this is a unique toy that will help stimulate your child's artistic imagination.
My 7 year old granddaughter is fascinated by anything that lights up, as most kids are.  She thought the Xoomy animals drawing kit was a lot of fun, but she didn't think it was perfect and I agree.The kit contains a lot of small plastic image patterns that are placed over a light piece, which is then reflected onto the paper for easy tracing.  The light piece can move up or down, which causes the design size to increase or decrease.  Kids will enjoy this.  However, the image patterns do not lock into place and can easily slip if the child moves the case.  This can cause a little bit of frustration if they cannot move it back into the exact position to complete tracing the design.The kit allows you to store the paper, pen, and templates inside so you don't lose any pieces.  The case seems fairly durable, and probably won't break easily.  The light uses 4 AA batteries, which seems excessive for the amount of light it creates.  The paper must be cut exactly 4 1/8 inches square to fit the tray, which is easy enough if you have a paper cutter.Overall, she said she would give this 4 stars. She is enjoying the wide range of designs available, and it's especially fun at night.
This is a great toy and fun for children 6 years and older--so they don't have to wait until they are 7 years old, as advertised, to use it.  There are cardboard pieces with pictures that are put over a light box that can be traced by children.  The light on the light box is light enough for the intended use, and allows the toy to function as a very small light box.  I wish, though, that the toy was designed for standard, rather than A4 paper.  However, standard paper can be cut down to size so that it is functional and I actually appreciate that it gives kids something else to do.  I highly recommend this toy because kids have a fun time learning how to draw.
My boys LOVE this portable tracing station.  It enables them to trace the animals onto paper and then color or embellish the pictures however they want.It is EASY to set up and use, and allows kids to make the picture smaller or larger by adjusting the lit base closer or farther from the drawing surface.The green case has a handy section to hold all of your animal templates, and allows you to store paper and pens inside.  The battery compartment is secure but easy for parents to access.  The light that is included works great and gives off plenty of light to allow tracing.My only wish is that the Xoomy came with one or two blank discs that kids or parents could use a dry-erase pen with to make their own templates.  I am going to see if wax paper or clear plastic will work to make our own templates.
My four-year-old really enjoyed Ravensburger's "Thomas and Friends: Carnival At Night" 35-piece puzzle.  I judged this to be a larger product based on the photo, and I was let down at first when such a small box arrived on my doorstep.  But inside was a charming and sturdy tin in the shape of Thomas, and the moment my daughter saw it, I knew that she was pleased.  I should add that Thomas the Tank Engine, while known somewhat in my household, is not a favorite character.  Beyond a smartphone app, my daughter has had very little exposure to him, which is a testament to how nice this puzzle must be for little ones.We worked on this together and had a great time.  The pieces had smooth edges which are easy for kids and adults to handle and position.  This puzzle is just challenging enough for a four-year-old to keep them occupied and engaged for quite a while, and I feel that it's one that will be re-assembled in the future.  For adults, the attractive suitcase-type tin is a wonderful addition which ensure that the pieces never go missing.  All in all, this is a great, simple product, well made, and easily recommended.
The puzzle is a fairly straightforward 35 piece puzzle. The picture is Thomas the tank engine and 3 of his friends. The colors are bright, and the pieces are 1-2 inches in length. Big enough to give enough detail on every piece so that a child can figure out what it is and (hopefully) figure out where it goes. My only real gripe with the puzzle is that every piece can fit into each other piece - there's no uniqueness. I feel like the tin is a nice idea that doesn't really come through. Yeah, it's cute, and it won't get beat up like boxes will over time, but it also doesn't really stack well with the other puzzles and games on the shelf.
This makes a really great gift. It's not just a puzzle, or just Thomas carry case, it's both. I actually got this for a friends 3 year old, but when my 6 year saw it he insisted on having it. The puzzle is as most kids puzzles are, fairly easy for older kids, but still fun, even the 10 year old neighbor enjoyed pitching in. I really like this set, espeically since the tin in nice enough to store other things once the puzzle becomes less fun.
My son lit up when he saw the tin for this Thomas the train puzzle. The puzzle is a fun picture with Thomas and many of his train friends. The puzzle pieces are a nice size, thick and durable. It's an ideal puzzle for kids who love Thomas and are in that 3-5 year old range. I'm very pleased with the quality of the puzzle and tin.
What can you say.  Ravensburger puzzles and games are always way better quality than the stuff you see in the toy aisle at a big-box store.  This one is no exception.  The tin is great for holding the pieces and the image of the various engines watching a fireworks show is handsome and fun.I think the price for a 35-piece puzzle is very high.  My 3-year old boy has "memorized", for lack of a better word, this puzzle after only two iterations so it doesn't seem like it will be a toy with a lot of legs.  All puzzles with this few pieces are prone to this problem, but that's why their costs really shouldn't be this high.One thing I absolutely love is that the pieces arrived within the tin, and within a plastic bag that also contained a silica packet to absorb any moisture.  So many preschooler puzzles that have large pieces are prone to having warped pieces which essentially makes them garbage.  34 of the 35 pieces were perfectly flat which was nice.I am loyal to Ravensburger overall but the price is a rubbing point.
This is one of several Thomas & friends puzzle I have evaluated.  The wright-up did not indicate an age level which seems to me to be school age. The puzzle is beautiful but has smaller parts & interconnect points that would best fit an older child compared to the other puzzles I evaluated where they had larger pieces & interconnects for younger children.  No puzzle last forever, pieces are lost or destroyed so the metal lunch box was a great addition making the usefulness of this gift go past the carboard parts. My overall rating of 4 was due to the lack of an age range in the information.
This puzzle was given to two little boys (4 and 2) who love both puzzles and Thomas the tank engine and they were huge fans.  We also gave themThomas & Friends: Thomas & Charlie 24 Piece Floor Puzzle.  While they put together the Thomas & Charlie puzzle in about five minutes, this puzzle presented more of a challenge.  The pieces are smaller (not too small, but more in the four-year-old size range), and there was clearly more complexity for them.  They really enjoyed the challenge, and the puzzle was a big hit, put together numerous times.  I'm also a fan of the tin case, which makes the puzzle an easy take-along.  It seals well and could also be used as a carry-all for other items or small toys.  The puzzle pieces were reasonably durable and the image was bright and attractive.
My son loved the tin that the puzzle came in. It is not very big and stands upright by itself. I liked the size because it makes it easy to store. The back of the tin has the picture of the puzzle. It is a little small but you are still able to see the detail. The puzzle is a good picture for small children as they are able to see the difference in the areas to build the picture. The picture size is a good size and the pieces are perfect for children. I would recommend this as a good puzzle to add to your collection. My son who is 4 managed to place several of the pieces by himself.
My 3-year-old son (and his 3-year-old cousin)absolutely revels in both the subject and the toy itself. He love Thomas and putting together a jigsaw puzzle is an added bonus.The tin in which it comes is interesting and he is fascinated by it, playing with the catch and taking some joy in taking out and putting the pieces back in afterwards.The pieces are somewhat durable and it's just difficult enough to put together without causing frustration. He will get bored with it, letting a week go then he will play with it for days straight, this toy has playing durability which I love.In addition, nothing beats seeing the kids successfully complete the puzzle and identify Thomas, Percy, James and the gang.
Ravensburger puzzles are a brand I have come to trust and like. Why? Because the puzzles are beautiful & colorful and unlike many of the cheaper brands, the pieces are fairly sturdy. This one is no exception.  Thomas, Percy, and Gordon are displayed in brilliant color. The carry tin is a nice touch and can even be used as a lunch box.My three year old have played with the tin and assembled the puzzle non-stop since it arrived last week. Overall, a huge hit.
This item was tested by myself and my almost 5 year old grandson. He was able to put it together for the first time with only minimal help from "grandma" and after that he was able to put it together by himself.For children that are interested in puzzles, especially children that enjoy the show "Thomas the Train Engine" this is a really good puzzle. My grandson already knew what Thomas was supposed to look like, so he found it quite easy to figure out where each piece should go.Puzzles and children can be a really good mix, or a really bad one, depending on the interests and temprement of the child.My grandson really enjoys puzzles and the rest of the family likes that it is a quiet activity that he can safely do on his own, while we cook dinner, do laundry, or clean house.
I got this for a 3 year old who breezes through 24 piece puzzles. This was definitely a step up, but she enjoys the challenge. The pieces are the right size for her hands. She likes Thomas and the gang too. When we are finished putting it together, she wants to take it apart and do it again. She really likes the unique carrying case as well.
This is a very nice 35 piece puzzle that features Thomas the Tank Engine and friends in a carnival setting. The set comes in a tin box and the pieces are pretty sturdy, if a tad too small for very young children. This puzzle is just about right for a child aged 3-5 and serves as a great way to help kids develop their hand-eye coordination, problem solving skills and best of all, gives them a sense of pride in a job followed through to completion. Easily recommended. And besides, who doesn't love Thomas?
First and foremost, this game is by Ravensburger so the potential buyer should know that even if the game is simple, it will at least be made well and have well thought out rules. This game is no exception as the game pieces are solid little pieces of plastic and the stands are well assembled.Like many have said, the premise is similar to the game of Tetris. Completing rows of blocks earns you points. The better you do, the more points you get, the better you score against your opponents. Pretty simple.As one other reviewer also noted, this game would serve well as an "introduction" game to those who didn't realize that there are other games out there besides Monopoly and Sorry. Once you get them into games like this you may be able to introduce other table top games like Ticket To Ride or Talisman.
OK, so it's obviously Knizia reworking Tetris, but it is worth pointing out that people like my 9-year-old daughter haven't spent almost 30 years playing Tetris, and so this is a relatively new concept.  Also, there are some pretty basic differences between Tetris and FITS which mean that if you don't approach the game for what it is, you'll get clobbered with negative points.  The finite nature of the game (4 rounds vs a theoretically infinite playing time in Tetris) means that you have to score your points where you can get them, and pay severely for any early mistakes.  It may be derivative, but that doesn't mean that the game can't make you feel like a complete moron after having played.  The first game I played with my daughter resulted in her winning with a score of ZERO.  My -11 point score left me wondering if I was no longer competent to be raising a child without the authorities stepping in.  It has gotten better since then, but this is a hugely challenging game.  A variety of expansions will help in keeping the game fresh.The only criticisms of this would be that 1) it is essentially multi-player solitaire (but really, one could say that about very nearly every puzzle game), and 2) some parts of this game are REALLY flimsy.  The polyominoes are about the only part of the game which look like they wouldn't become damaged if you look at them the wrong way.  This game isn't terribly expensive, but it's expensive enough.  I want something that is built to last for a reasonable amount of time, and I really have my doubts about this.Nonetheless, it is fun, and it is challenging.  As they often say, easy to teach, difficult to master.  It won't hurt your kids to give this shot.  And since studies suggest that playing games and puzzles helps to ward off Alzheimer's, and can't hurt those growed up people either.
As a fan of Tetris back in the day, I was very interested in a board game that looked similar.  And while it's a fun game, it's not as enjoyable as Tetris itself and gets a little dull when in terms of repeat play.The premise is pretty simple, in that you're using the "bricks" to fill your game card.  There are four rounds with different game cards for each, while the pieces remain the same each time.  This does add a little fun to the game in that you have to use different approaches depending on the round.  You can be aggressive and go for a lot of points, or play conservative, and both approaches are influenced by the order of the cards.  One of the things I didn't like - and this probably comes from being spoiled by Tetris - is that you can't turn the pieces once you start moving them down your game board.  That makes it more challenging, but also takes away some creativity.  I will say that the rules and the different boards certainly make it challenging, even after having played several times.I played this game with both of my daughters, who are eight and five (the game says 8+).  The older one was able to grasp the game very easily even if she didn't understand the strategy too well, and the younger one pretty much had the grasp of it as well.  The boards and the stands are quite durable, and the bricks are very well-made.  Although it's not my favorite, it's another excellent game from this manufacturer.
This is sort of like manual (non-electronic/digital) Tetris, but with a twist. It is recommended for age 8 and up. I played several times with my 8-year-old son. He's great at Math and reasoning, but he still made decisions that cost him some points, even when I tried to explain why. However, I think you could level the playing field more by only playing with the Level 1 game board. There are actually 4 different boards, and you are supposed to play one round on each. The levels of difficulty definitely keep it interesting, and I think specifically with adult players, this will keep the interest level high.And as I mentioned in another review of a Ravensburger game, the pieces are so durable (the little game pieces are not cardboard but a sturdy plastic-y material). Additionally, the pieces store inside the game boards, which is great.
My husband and i LOVE to play board games together, so i grabbed this since we're both also huge fans of a certain video game that rhymes with... metris. At first we were a little overwhelmed, it seemed like it might be complicated and a lot to learn, but we quickly saw that it's VERY easy to learn how to play FITS. But even though it's easy to learn, it's still LOTS of fun, challenging,  different every time you play, and easy to fly through a whole game in less than a half hour.... meaning plenty of time for rematches! Highly recommended - in fact, so far we own 5 Ravensburger games and we highly recommend ALL of them!
I'd like to give 3.5 stars...but rounded up because it is a good concept and we enjoyed it.  I was disappointed that the ramps (the part that all of the playing is done on) are a thin, flimsy plastic that I have no doubt will break with one wrong move.  Since it is my children who will play this mostly, they won't last long.  I'll likely build some wooden ones to replace them.  The rest of the game is pretty durable.This is another Ravensburger game that is good for visual-spatial skills.  It is good for building strategic skills, patterning, and planning ahead.  It would be a good math game.  It is best for older children (maybe 8 and up...which is exactly the ages the company suggests...they were right on target).  There isn't a good way to adapt this game to younger children.
We have family game night atleast once a day over the weekend. We generally play cards, with the most popular being Uno, among other games. Overall this game was a nice start into the real games of our game night.If you play too many times in one sitting, it will get boring; especially for the younger kids.One round should take around 5-7 minutes. Each game has 4 rounds. The winner is the one with the most points at the end.Each round has different playing boards; though they are all real simple to understand the concept.Pro's:-Easy to understand how it works. It took my daughter (9yrs old); who had never heard of Tetris by the way, less than 5 mins to understand all the game boards-Easy to setup and clean up; All the 4 slabs hold inside its own boards and tetris pieces.-Dont need much strategy reallyCon's:-The tetris pieces are nice and durable but i am worried about the playing cards. They are pretty flimsy paper, so i'm not sure how long they'll last. The slabs are just plastic as well, could easily rip or bend.Summary: If you want a nice complement to your game night, i.e to start it off and get everyone in the mode, and you like tetris; this is pretty good choice for you. If your looking for the centrepiece for your game night; pass on this and look for something else; my personal recommendation is Uno.
If you remember Tetris, you'll know how to play FITS.  This is an easy game to pick up.  My eight year-old was a pro within minutes.  Try and fit the pieces into place without leaving any gaps.  Slide them down, just like Tetris, but moving horizontally is not allowed.  The more unbroken lines we have when done, the more points we score.There are four game board cards to change up the game and add difficulty.  For instance, one card has bonus points in the spaces.  Make a line across that exposes a number and add that number as a bonus point.  Other cards have both bonus and penalty points.This is a great family game.  The kids have a good chance of winning, so they love it.  I like it, because the game moves quickly and there aren't a lot of complicated rules to learn.  I would recommend it for families with children ages seven and up.
I very much like board games of all sorts, and will hold no discretion to even the simplest of games (e.g., Go Fish). If it entertains the other party members, I'm all for it.Personally, I like the meatier games stemming from various parts of Europe, namely Germany. Which is why I was attracted to FITS. As well as being a 4-player Tetris, the game excited me more so in that it was designed by Dr. Reiner Knizia, a prolific board game designer. His games may not hold my #1 board game title, but they are all intricately detailed and great, and are easily some of the best out there.Okay, so enough of that mumbo-jumbo. FITS is remarkably fun, even if you've played Tetris all your life (which I have). It has 4 different rounds, and the rounds become more difficult each time. Dr. Knizia makes the game interesting by making empty spaces in the tiles good and bad, depending on which round you play. The pieces themselves are a combination of Tetris and Blokus pieces (which are themselves enhanced Tetris pieces) and are very sturdy. They make a nice "clink" sound when you hit them together. The player boards are good, and they even hold the pieces inside when storing.The instructions could've been a wee bit clearer for the first couple rounds, but my sister and I picked up quickly. And that's the only drawback I have to the game: it's short. With only 4 rounds, my sister and I played a full game in about 15-20 minutes, and that's with reading the instructions and all. It could be a good thing if you're looking for a quick game to play, and all players know how Tetris works. The extra rules aren't that hard to learn.
This game asks you to manage shapes on a board similar to tetris.  Because this is a physical game and not an electronic one, there are some variations, and these variations keep the game interesting and fun.  The game progresses through multiple stages, and at different stages, you have different goals in managing the shapes that you place on the board--sometimes, you need to cover up special spaces, sometimes you need to leave those spaces open.  Planning is key, and improvisation is also important.  This game was a hit with my kids (ages 7-8) and with my teenage nephews and nieces.  I had a pretty good time as well, and we'll put this game into our rotation.
This game is the same principle as Tetris.  You draw cards to determine the next piece you place.  There are four different templates you can put under the pieces that change the scoring a bit.  You then add up the scores which could be good math practice for kids.  I like playing it solo and seeing if I can end up with no blank spaces.
FITS is a puzzle solving game.  Think Take It Easy!, BITS, Ubongo, or to really push the definition . . . Bingo.  If you enjoy puzzle solving games then this is a four star game.  If you don't enjoy puzzle solving games then you probably won't enjoy FITS.FITS is based on Tetris, but if you're expecting this to be Tetris: The Board Game you're going to be disappointed.  One reason is that the game lacks the tension you get in a video game.  More than one reviewer has commented that this is what they're looking for.  If that's the case, throw in a timer.  Each player, for example, can get 15 seconds to place their piece and then you have move on.  Or you could have the player who places their piece first flip the next card and make the game end when the first person has completed their board.  Either of these will definitely spice the game up.But FITS does function just fine on its own - for the right kind of player.  Again, do you enjoy a game with little interaction on the board while each person tries to solve a puzzle?  I'm all about judging games for what they are, not for what they aren't.  This is why I give the game four stars.  And there's a reason I don't give it five.The best Tetris style puzzle solving game is Ubongo.  It uses a timer.  It's has gorgeous bits that put FITS to shame.  And it has a catch up mechanism that allows slower players to keep pace even when others might be better at solving the puzzle.  It has both tension created by the timer and it's more friendly for people with different abilities.  I give Ubongo (unfortunately, currently out of print) fives stars.  FITS is a solid four - as long as what you're looking for is a puzzle game!
This game takes like 3 seconds to understand and players can find some strategy. It is for 4 players and each player has this pad on which they can slide down plastic pieces. The pieces are of different shapes and sizes.  A type of shape is revealed from a deck of cards and each player then proceeds to simultaneously take their turns to slide down plastic piece of their color on their respective pads. There are 4 boards which count as 4 rounds to this game. In each round the objective shifts a bit. In the first round, you get negative points for each round dot (spot) on the board you do not cover with plastic pieces and get positive points for dots you do cover. In the subsequent rounds, some variants are add - as in there are now some spots which have positive bonus points (+5 etc) which if you leave exposed after all your pieces have been put in place (end of the round) will gain you positive points. There are some spots which have negative points (-3 etc) which you want to cover up. There is even a board with colored dots. There are 2 boards with each side of one board used for round 1 and 2. And the two sides of the other board used for round 3 and 4. So there are 8 boards in total - 2 boards in each of the 4 colors for the 4 players. It comes down to using good judgment in what orientation you want to slide down your plastic piece so that the end objective of the round you are playing favours you with more positive points in relation to the other players. If you place pieces wrongly, you can block off yourself from further development in next moves. Keep in mind you cannot shift around pieces you already placed. So if there is an L shaped piece that covers 3 spots you can decide which way to turn them when you place to get the best bang for your turn. In that sense it is a good game and I think will be challenging and appealing to kids. Adults can play along too. For me though, I felt there are only so many ways you can move around a piece's orientation and although it is a nice light puzzle, I may not be playing this very frequently. But I still think it is a fine enough game and it is definitely great to make kids exercise their spatial skills and it does give you a light mental workout akin to solving a crossword puzzle. Also the plastic pieces have a nice tactile sensation. So in summary - very simple easy to understand game mechanic and good for a light mental workout.  Nice concept, decent game.
This game is fun for adults to play with kids, and that isn't so common.  We play with our 9yo granddaughter, and we enjoy the game as much as she does.  I recommend this one.
The Wow Mix n Fix Mike construction set is a very durable and fun toy that most 2-4 year olds will love.  It is a friction powered toy (meaning no batteries required) so it is always ready for playtime and kids are attracted to its bright colors.  The sounds it emits are a bit on the loud side but the kids seem to enjoy it more for this reason.  The set is a bit pricey considering it's "old school" design, but at least it has proven to be durable and able to withstand several drops and bumps.
We are WOW longtime consumers. First discovered this brand of toys when shopping in a high end toy store while on vacation. Durable quality toys that stand the test of time, easily any one of their toys could pass through a large family then be used for the next generation. With that  said, the WOW Mix 'n' Fix was not as much of a hit that it's predecessor's - WOW Dudley Dump Truck and WOW Harry Copter's Animal Rescue - were. If you are looking for a first WOW toy, I'd recommend the dump truck or helicopter before this one based on my son's (3 1/2) interest
I see that many reviewers didnt like the noise but I am here to say its organic. The mixer drum rotates as the truck moves along and makes a noise with tiny bits of pieces moving inside. It works well on and off carpet. It is fun to drag along the truck with its vibrant colours and cute Ricky. With its size, kids will get a real feel of playing with a truck than with a tiny toy car. With the bollard, an enthusiastic parent can mimic the department of transportation realities by dynamically moving it and creating hurdles that your little tot will be challenged with in rerouting his/her journey and getting the cement mix in time to construct the awesome building. Wow, so now you have to come up with an imaginary road and a time limit for the task.I also like the WOW line with its Lift it Luke, Dexter the digger, Dudley Dump truck, Roll it Riley. Now can I get them all in one?
The WOW Mix n' Fix is my three year old's second WOW toy and I continue to be impressed.  After all, what more could you want?  The durable hard plastic stands up to even the roughest play.  As with my son's other WOW toy, this one is easy for him to manipulate.  He loves the noise -- which is loud but I didn't like many find it excessive -- and watching the spinning of the cement mixer drum.  The wheel action likewise offers a satisfying sense of movement.Too often, toys for his age group seem to project a particular storyline, usually from this or that television show.  This toy allows him to make the story.  No doubt this will be driving through our block cities for sometime to come.
This toy is a beast!  My 2.5yr old has put it through it paces along with his older brother and I've got to say this toy is pretty much indestructible.  It is a bit heavy for anyone without a good sense of balance and it makes a heck of a noise when dropped, even on the carpet.  The kids love the driver and the noise the truck makes when they push it around.  It'll go 2-3 more feet after they stop pushing it still making noise which they think is great.That said, this toy is heavy so be careful if you are getting for an unstable walker as it hurts when it lands on toes or fingers.  It's also a bit noisy for the adults in my house, which the kids just love...
My 16-month-old loves this mixer truck.  He figured out right away where to put Mike and loves putting him in and pushing it around and then taking him out and back in.  I'm not really sure what the point of the barrier is because my son just ignores it.Nice, heavy and durable toy.  My son likes to carry toys around and drop them on the floor or push them off tables, etc. and this one does doesn't have a mark on it from his rough play.Highly recommended for toddlers who love trucks!
I have a 6 month old boy crawler and a 2.5 year toddler daughter and they both loved playing with this truck.  My daughter loves trucks and my son loves anything she is playing with.  Nothing on this toy made me worried he couldn't grab it and stuff it in his mouth. I gave it all a good tugging and all parts feel very secure.  No batteries to worry about getting loose.  All edges are rounded and smooth.  I look forward to adding more WOW toys to the toy chest.My advice about this one is to bring this out after nap time since it could wake you out of a coma. After her nap until we eat dinner is the perfect window to be noisy and get excited about this fun toy.  I look forward to this toy getting lots of playtime from my son in months/years to come too since I think it will last a long time -- it feels as sturdy as it is loud.Great gift idea!
This toy is great for smaller kids (about age 1 to 2).  The parts are all large so there is no need to worry about your child putting it in their mouth.  Everything here can take the abuse kids like to give their toys, so it is nice nothing is going to break quickly.  The truck moves kind of slow which was the only down side to it.
Having gotten this through the Vine program, I was unsure if it would be something I'd really like my kids playing with.  I've had a few toys that have not lived up to my hopes.  Toy trucks often have parts that can break off, or feature small pieces I can't trust around my toddler.  I'm happy to say, I was pleasantly surprised with Mix'n'Fix Mike.What I like best about this set is that the truck is solid and very sturdy.  This is a comfortably large sized vehicle.  Not so large as to be difficult to carry, but certainly a nice size for a toddler to manipulate.  The truck has already taken a certain amount of abuse from my four year old son and my toddler, yet it has not cracked or broken. The truck comes with a construction worker figure that fits nicely into the truck cab or on top of the truck.  There's also a construction barricade included that can be put on the back of the mixer.  Both of these peices appear to be  solid plastic with no parts that could be possibly swallow by a younger child.There are no batteries required for this truck.  The truck does not play music or make lots of annoying sounds.  It does however has some features my kids love.  The wheels roll and the mechanism that rolls them allows the cement mixer portion to spin, and rev the truck forward.  This gives the illusion that the cement mixer is actually working on mixing cement. For parents looking for a solid toy that needs nothing but a child's imagination to make it go, this is a nice fit.  Especially for children who have outgrown the simplest baby vehicles but might still be a little too young and handle toys too roughly for more complicated construction toys.Happy Playing! ^_^  Shanshad
This product comes with two packs. The first one we used for my 4 year old son's bath. It did take about 10 minutes to completely turn to goo and while it does feel really squishy and very cool, he didn't care for sitting in a bathtub of it. The second pack we decided to put in a really large bowl and we played with it using our hands and feet. That was actually pretty fun, we were fascinated with the way it feels. It didn't stain our tub, nor did it clog our drain, but it is messy and I found it on our bath rugs, towels and in my hair. If you have the patience to deal with the mess, then you and your kids will enjoy this.
If it seems like a good idea to play with squishy goo then you must have kids! No one in their right mind would otherwise knowingly pay to bring in a product into the house that is sticky and leaves a mess.However, kids love this stuff and play with it for bath time. There seems to be no end in sight of the kind of disaster this leaves. It doesn't stain per se, but you must be quick about removing all the residue in the bathtub and cleaning it up immediately to avoid staining of the tiles and/or tubs.A little bit of entertainment goes a long way, so even with the mess this is a fun kit. I wouldn't suggest buying it every time for bath time, but as a fun diversion once or twice, it's worth the clean-up time.
My 4 year old daughter had a solid 15 minutes worth of fun in the tub with this blue goo.  My five-year old son would not go near the stuff - he found it "disgusting".I followed the directions and put approximately 2 inches of water in the tub, added the blue goo powder, and mixed.  My daughter helped mix by wiggling all over the place - she really had fun with the stuff. As far as cleanup goes, it was a snap - I just dumped the enclosed salt packet into the blue slurry, mixed, waited until it had thinned out, and washed it down the drain.  There was no staining and no clogged drains.  I would not, however, use this product in a tub that drains slowly - the goo will potentially clog a partially obstructed drain pipe.I did, however, have a little trouble getting the goo out of her hair, albeit not too much trouble.  Evidently, the blue goo is composed of the same material found in diapers, so getting the individual particles out posed a brief inconvenience.  My solution was to just have her stand under the shower head for a bit until everything was washed outThe only drawback that I can see is that while the entertainment value of the blue goo is high, it is short-lived.  This is a novelty item, pure and simple.
The only thing holding me back from giving this 5 complete stars is the price. At about $12.00 for a package, (plus shipping) that you only get 2 baths from, it can't be a frequent indulgence.  For a special treat after a week of really good behavior, maybe.  We had two year old Jack, and his sisters, ages 6 and 8 give it a try.I put a packet in the tub and filled it half way.  It's amazing how that little packet turned so much water into goo.  The girls loved it but Jack was a little afraid at first.  After he saw the girls playing in it he got right down to business.  I had no trouble dissolving it with the dissolving packet and the gel easily came out.  The key is to dissolve the gel while the kids are still in the tub.  Then just a simple rinse and wash and it's all gone.  It looked pretty messy but the gel cleaned up real easily.  The girls keep asking for it.  We have a commitment to get "gooed" next Saturday evening. It was a big hit!
This is overall a pretty cool product, my kids kept seeing it on Tv and so when I got the opportunity to try it out courtesy of the amazon vine program I was thrilled.So as I waited for my product to arrive I decided to read the reviews to see what other people thought. Turns out a lot of people had a less then desirable experience so it made me a little nervous. However when the product arrived my kids immediately wanted to try it so I figured what the heck. It comes with instructions telling you how much water per packet you'll need I just kind of guessed by comparing pictures. Then I put the blue powder in waited a few minutes and it was ready! So the kids got in and they loved it and had a blast and when they were ready to get out a took a cup and rinsed them off. The little balls rinsed right off and didn't stick or stain. ( A bath with these is more for fun then for cleaning purposes) . Then it came time to put the disolver in and ya it dissolves it just not completely so that's why I gave it 4 stars and not 5. My house is pretty new and since I didn't want to take the time to scoop the stuff out I just let it go down the drain. It didn't clog it at all and after I rinsed out my tub just like I do every other time. Yes its a little spendy for only two baths worth but hey you only live once and you cant take it with you when you go so why not buy things like this every once and a while. Trust me its worth it and there are worse things you could spend your money on. I will for sure purchase this product in the future!
TWO THINGS -First - read all directions and follow them to the "T'. This eliminates ALL problems that any purchaser would have with this fun and cool product.Second - Pour it in and HAVE LOADS OF FUN!My granddaughter was very nervous to use this product. For one, she has SUPER SENSITIVE skin. This product turned out to be a great time with no after effects!  It's made from the same product that is used in disposable diapers, only colored.  There was absolutely no messy clean up as the dissolver worked like a charm after I was able to pry my granddaughter out of the bath after 2 HOURS of playtime! Rinsed right down the drain with nary a bathtub ring!There are two squishy baffs to a box.  This is a fun, safe and easy product to use!Happy Bathing!
First, I have to say, the package instructions worked fine and the product worked exactly as described.  No hidden messy clean up!My son thought this was way cool, my daughter no so much.  He's 7, she's 4.  They need a shower when done, so it does not replace an actual bath.  Bottom line: if your kids like weird things and have no texture issues, probably would like.  Its not super expensive so give it a whirl.
This is the 2nd video in the Juno series that we own, I won't repeat my entire other review (you can find that on the product page for "Way To Go - Juno". To sum it up I have 2 daughters with a 6yr age gap and finding something they can both watch is a challenge as shows are either deemed to babyish by my older daughter or are inappropriate in my eyes for my younger. While this series is dedicated to younger viewers I've found that this video in particular also held my older daughter's interest and we all enjoyed singing along with the characters. If you're tired of the Wiggles and Barney and need a change I'd highly recommend giving these dvd's a try!
My 4 year old son loves cats. With there being a cat on this DVD's cover, I knew he'd love it. I expected my 2 year old daughter to also enjoy it. Boy was I surprised how into this DVD they actually were. The whole DVD is essentially about trying to locate a teddy bear. My son will actually hide his stuffed cat at the beginning of the movie, and act out everything that occurs. Eventually, he finds his cat when the characters on the show find the teddy bear. Both of my children giggle and really get into the movie. The even try singing along, and just have a blast watching this. If you've got kids, no matter the age, this is a great DVD. If they're anything like mine, they'll have a great time.As far as the DVD itself, I think it's been very well put together. The colors, characters, and music are very engaging. Like I've said, it keeps my kids entertained, and isn't something I feel bad about putting on when I need a little break.
Juno Baby Indie's Great Teddy Bear Hunt is a great educational video for very young children.  The stories are cute and sweet, with a nice over-arching theme of friendship and well-being.  The DVD was very engrossing and seems to keep the attention of young children quite well. The music was classical and could be enjoyed by a variety of age groups.  Juno Baby Indie's Great Teddy Bear Hunt has the potential to become a favorite that will be enjoyed again and again.
My little girl really enjoys these Juna dvd's..it really holds her attention better than anything else so far she loves to dance and "try" to sing along. I let her play with some of the musical instruments we have while she watches it. I like that its educational and encourages new things, the characters are engaging... my daughter is not even 2yet and I suspect we will get much use out of these for some time to come. This one is very interactive.
I let my little girls watch this movie and it seemed okay. It's basically like a live-action puppet show set to good orchestral music.It basically feels like a similar alternative to "Blue's Clues", but not quite as annoying to adults.It's worth checking out, but be warned that while other "Juno Baby" DVDs emphasize music appreciation, teaching about tempo, rhythm, etc., this one really doesn't. Its music is good, but its music education is not.Worthwhile, nonetheless.
My now three year old didn't care for this when she was younger but my 10 month old son seems interested in it. There are some great songs on this and I can't imagine it wouldn't interest most little children, but my daughter prefers watching Nick Jr vs. something like this. It's great for younger babies though. The music is great, as is the cute animation, and it teaches some good lessons-if your child watches long enough to learn anything! It's something different out there and more enjoyable than alot of children's shows out there now.
My 8-year-old daughter absolutely loved getting this gift at Christmas.  However, the puppy mostly spends its time as part of the stuffed toy menagerie & not for what it was designed.  This is in part due its not inconsiderable cuddliness...it is so cute & soft that Helen just likes to hold it and doesn't think to do anything else with it.  However, the puppy as a patient is not without its quirks, as it devours the tissue & blasts puppy snot all over the bottle with which Helen tries to feed it.  It has on occasion also erupted into an unexpected litany of complaints, although this might be due to weakening batteries.  It can be loud and annoying, and sometimes we shut it off just to get some peace & quiet.  Helen isn't a stickler for details, though, and for the most part the puppy seems to work the way it is supposed to...so if she's OK, I'm OK.  I'm not sure I would pay quite this much for a stuffed toy, even one which is perpetually sick.
The Barbie Hug `n Heal Pet Doctor is a cute interactive toy revolving around a sick dog.  The set contains a sick dog, a prescription pad, a "health certificate", a shot, a stethoscope, an ear thermometer, an a tissue, a bottle, and a dog bone.  The dog in the kit is extremely soft and cuddly and would make a great stuffed animal on its own.  There is a bag for everything to fit in, including the dog.The dog has three touch sensors, one in a front paw, one on the top of his head, and one on his back.  The sensors really aren't touch triggered as they are pressure switches activated by a squeeze.The dog has a light up red nose like Rudolph the Red Nosed Reindeer.  The tissue, dog bone, and bottle have some sort of sensor that triggers an audio response from the dog.  The dog will sneeze, at which point you are supposed to put the tissue to its nose and it will audibly blow its nose.  When you put the bone or bottle to its mouth, it makes eating sounds which I can't quite tell if they are slurping sounds or crunching.As others have mentioned, the downfall to this product is that the tissue, bottle, and dog bone must all have the same sensors in them.  The dog can blow his nose with a dog bone and eat a tissue.One of the big pluses I liked about this product is that the bag is actually big enough to actually fit all of the accessories.  A child or parent doesn't have to play Tetris to fit everything in there.  You can just shove all the stuff in there and the whole set is cleaned up in seconds.With this toy, I find myself in few territory.  I thought it was a pretty cool toy, but it really wasn't a hit with my children.  I have three girls (8, 6, 4) and they did like the toy.  However, the toy was quickly overshadowed by other toys they received on Christmas.  The dog has since made its way to the toy pile and has sat there ever since.  Personally, I think this is a solid 4 star toy.
My granddaughter had a real live dog and a real live cat in her life until recently and has clearly missed them. While this toy dog is no substitute for a real live pet dog, it at least provides an outlet for some level of pet-caring/grooming/TLC behavior by my granddaughter. She is familiar with the toy medical equipment in the set (stethoscope, syringe, thermometer, etc.) because of a toy medical kit that she and her baby brother play with, and is responsive to this electronic pet's auditory and visual responses.Although this toy bears the Barbie brand, there is nothing about it that reinforces the Barbie stereotype that some parents find objectionable.I only give this set three stars for durability despite the fact that it has endured being thrown down stairs, etc. (by my 18 month old grandson), simply because there are parts of it that look "cheap" to me (e.g., some parts of the bag, and by "cheap," I mean as if each set was slapped together by people being pushed to work as fast as possible on an assembly line).It is a plus that batteries are included.
Yes this toy is so cute and extremely soft which is nice.Received this product from Vine and gave it to my 8 yr old daughter for Christmas.She also received two other dogs that were popular this year -This Barbie one we like how soft it is and the little things that come with it.She does find it rather annoying at times and turns it offI wish it had a volume control on it but that is what tape is for *)She does get frustrated when it does not respond the right way to the items it is givenlike it will try to sneeze into the bone after awhile of it she just laughs now.She loved it to begin with but does complain it is so annoying when it is turned on.So it is off more often than on and she just plays pretend with it instead of having it onand trying to do the actions that it wants because it does not respond correctly to it anyway about half the timeI gave it only four stars because if someone is going to spend $35-40 for an interactive toywhich that is what this is supposed to be i would expect it to be better than it is.there are times that not even i can figure out what it wants when it is barkingwe try everything it asks for but it never makes it better even with brand new batteriesit still wigs out on us at times until we just turn it off lolHOWEVER I will say this - much better value than another new dog toy on the market that waspopular in 2011 not sure if I can actually say the name of that one -if your child is wanting that one or has been begging for it get her to look at the different Barbie onesto find one she would like instead there are several different styles of the Barbie dog andshe would get much more play out of it than say a cookie *) and less moneyIt gets 5 stars for how cuddly soft it is but that is not the primary reason for buying this particular dog.
Our children love this toy.  Cute plush dog and vet accessories.  We bought a Barbie pet vet doll and costume to complete this set.  Very good for imaginative fun.  Colors and quality are good.  Recommend for holiday gift.
I got this tool to help Christmas wrapping go a little faster.  It works pretty well.  It cuts across the paper fast, if the paper has no creases.  If the paper is creased at all, it can cause it to tear.This tool can't completely replace scissors as it does not work will for trimming excess from the edges.  But over all, a good, sharp tool to use.
To begin, it cuts like butter.  There is an exacto-knife type blade that is covered by plastic. I think it is probably easier than scissors for straight cuts on wrapping paper. It might be good to cut things out of the newspaper, though I am used to using scissors. However, I probably would not recommend it for that just based on the packaging saying that it is good for wrapping paper. Overall, I think this is a good product for what it is recommended for, though I personally have completely moved away from wrapping paper and into reusable bags.
I got this for the holidays - in the hopes that it would speed up that dreaded chore: wrapping.  And it did, as long as I was prepared.If you have an uncluttered table or flat surface that you can lay your paper out on, then great - this baby slices faster, easier, and straighter than scissors.  BUT, if you're balancing the gift on your lap, while you're watching TV & folding laundry to boot, and you're trying to hold an unwieldy paper roll and just lop off a piece to wrap with - scissors are better.  At my house, the former is the best possible scenario and the latter is much more likely.Another thing I don't love is that this is yet another disposable product.  I don't see it lasting nearly as long as a good pair of scissors (surely the blade will dull soon), and I don't like the thought of just tossing it out (& buying a new one).  In these times, when using wrapping paper anyway is starting to make me uncomfortable, and I am trying to think of alternative materials to 'wrap' in, I don't like the idea of buying yet another disposable product.But, bottom line is that it works as advertised.
Gift wrapping isn't a complex science but producing a nice, smooth cut can be a challenge and the task is made even more difficult when you have a pair of scissors that are either too small or too dull. The Scotch Gift Wrap Cutter helps with gift wrapping by making the task faster and cleaner. All you do is place the cutter on the edge of the gift wrap, hold the paper down, and push the cutter forward. The blade slices through thin gift wrap with ease, splitting it cleanly without any tearing.The blade on the Scotch Gift Wrap Cutter is sharp, but it is quite small and one fact that many will appreciate is that the blade is enclosed in such a way that it is impossible to cut yourself. Unless you have very small fingers, there is almost no way to cut your skin with this device. This should offer peace of mind to those who fear using a cutting device with an exposed blade. If you have small children, you need to keep this device out of reach because small fingers can get cut. But for adults, there are no worries because there is really no way to come into contact with the blade, due to the design.As for its cutting ability, the Scotch Gift Wrap Cutter is effective at slicing through gift wrap with ease, but one must keep in mind that this cutter isn't intended for thicker materials. Gift wrap is usually very thin, and the cutter has no problem making its way through this type of material. It can also be used on regular paper and it is very handy for cutting coupons from the Sunday paper. But once you get to the level of heavier paper or cardstock, this device loses its ability. It isn't intended for this type of material and repeated attempts will not only cause frustration, it will also dull the blade.Another feature you get with this gift wrap cutter is the built- in ribbon curler. It is basically nothing more than two ridges and all you do is press the ribbon against one of the ridges with your thumb and then pull it at an angle. With this feature, my experience has been mixed. It works okay, but I sometimes have to try a second time. I have found that the edge of a pair of scissors works better for this purpose, mainly because the blades on a pair of scissors are sharper than the ridges on this device.Taken as a whole, however, the Scotch Gift Wrap Cutter is a very handy little device that speeds the process of gift wrapping. This cutting tool isn't very attractive and it looks very much like the handle from a disposable razor. But looks aside, this device is good for cutting gift wrap and it certainly makes the task of gift wrapping faster than using regular scissors.
Much easier than using shears! This little thing is basically a razor blade with a plastic casing around it. The blade isn't replaceable, but that's ok, cause it's inexpensive enough that you can just replace the whole unit if need be.At first it can be kind of hard to get the cutting started, but once you get used to it, you'll be far happier with this device than you were with anything else! Sadly, I can't rate the ribboning part of it, since I didn't use that, but the rest? Golden!
It's truly amazing how something so simple can be so great. This product performs the tasks of scissors with the ease of an X-acto knife. However, unlike the X-acto knife, you really don't have to worry about cutting a finger or any other major safety concern. The general uses of this product are to cut wrapping paper, coupons, and magazine pages for recipes or cataloging. In essence, anything that is paper, and doesn't require great precision this product is excellent for you. If you need more precision than a sloppy straight line, you're better off using scissors. I did want to see what else I could use this product on, so here are my results...Parchment paper = works excellent if you don't mind waxy build up on the blade.Fabric = Um, no unless you like your fabric with a fine snagged look.Kitchen foil = It works, but you have to imagine that this increases the rate that the blade dulls.Document envelope opener = ExcellentIn summation, this product can't really equate to the usefulness of scissors. However, if you're really into crafts and/or a lot of gift giving. Then this little tool will be perfect for your craft tackle box.
I did a lot of wrapping this past Christmas season and before I got the Scotch Gift Wrap Cutter, I often had a hard time cutting the paper straight and often got those jagged cuts with the scissors would trip up. So I was excited to try the Scotch Gift Wrap Cutter to see if it would help me out. I found that I really liked the product. The concept is pretty easy-hook the paper in and start cutting away. My one dislike about the product was that I found it hard at times to get the paper into the cutter, which resulted in a little bit of bunching at the bottom of the paper where I was tugging the paper into the cutter. But once I got the paper in, it was really easy to cut the paper. I also found it easy to stay straight with the cutter than when I cut wrapping paper with scissors.So this product may not work for everybody but I found it to be a great new way to cut wrapping paper and I plan on using it in the future for birthday's and next Christmas.
If you know how to use a pair of sharp scissors, then you don't need this.  However, if you have kids who want to help and you aren't too crazy about them using your super sharp scissors, then you need this.  The blade is sharp, and you can easily cut wrapping paper with this as long as you have the piece of paper flat and tight.  It does help make cutting wrapping paper faster, but you can do the same thing with a scissor.The one plus with this is that if you have little kids, they can help you and you don't even need to supervise them.  I let my nephew help me out while wrapping gifts and he was loving slicing paper with this.  He didn't do it as well as the commercials make you think you can with ease, but I didn't have to worry about him cutting a finger.It's a good product, and like some reviewers here have mentioned, it would be an even better deal if you got more than just one for your money.
This is a reasonably good paper cutter.  It's sold as a gift wrap cutter but it works fine on any mid to low weight paper.  It's not really any better than cutting with scissors, but if you are cutting around small children it's a lot safer: I can't see how a kid could cut themselves with it.  Other than that there's no particular reason to swap our your scissors for this.
I didn't get this in time for Christmas wrapping, so I didn't get a chance to use it to the extreme that I wanted to really test it. However, I did eventually test if for wrapping some birthday presents in January and February.Now normally I use a pair of electric scissors for wrapping my gifts, because they zip right through any wrapping paper that I use. Electric scissors are much more expensive then the Scotch Gift Wrap Cutter, but I do think this little gadget does quite a good job for the price. It did kink up a couple of times. The razor is very sharp, and it will zip through the wrapping paper as long as it is held straight out. Where the electric scissors with just zip through everything. If you don't want to spend money on electric scissors, then I would suggest this item for faster wrapping.
The cutter arrived too late for Christmas, but we spent time using it as we made keepsake cuttings from some of the best gift wrap.  That's something we do each year to remember our holiday.  The cutter works easily and is much faster than using scissors.  I heartily recommend it!
My biggest problem when it comes to wrapping gifts is that I never seem to cut straight.  I try and try, but something is always a bit crooked!  Well, I have that problem no more!  The Scotch Gift Wrap Cutter makes my cutting lines much straighter!  It comes in an easy to open package and is ready to use instantly.  The cutting edge is hidden away, making this safe for those kids who want to help you wrap.  The  blade, for that reason, is not replaceable, but should last quite a while. For those who like to curl ribbon, it also has a ribbon curler attached.  I love this little wrapping device and recommend it.
I wish I had bought one of these gift wrap cutter's ages ago.  It makes cutting wrapping paper much easier.  My lines are more straight - I am known to do quite a hack job with the scissors!  One star was deducted because occasionally I had  a hard time starting the cut, without crinkling the paper up a little or tearing it slightly.  It took a little finesse or me holding it taut to get it down pat.
My method for making a straight cut in gift wrap is to fold, and then to cut at the fold with a knife.  This cutter is no more efficient than that method, and with a roll of gift wrap which won't stay unwrapped straight cutting is so easy.  With the recessed blade, I do acknowledge this cutter may be somewhat safer than using a knife or scissors.What this cutter is ideal for: cutting out news articles, coupons and recipes, since the user can use the cutter to start from anywhere on the page.  I would recommend purchasing this cutter and keeping it by your reading chair for this purpose.
I received this product the day AFTER Christmas, so I didn't get to give it the workout I would have liked. With that being said, I still had some Christmas gifts to wrap for friends and family that I did not see on Christmas day so I whipped out my handy dandy Scotch Gift Wrap Cutter. I like the compact design. This thing is smaller than the average pair of scissors used to wrap gifts and easier to handle when trying to wrestle a roll of wrapping paper to the ground and keep it from rolling back up. The cutting mechanism worked well for me. It didn't snag like I thought it might. I thought this cutter worked well. I was not too fond of the ribbon curler. I could not get it to work the way I would have liked. I think it may be user error though. I am so used to using the edge of the scissor which is sharper and created a tighter curl on my curling ribbon. This product does what it claims to do. If you do a lot of gift wrapping, then this is a must-have. I am not sure the occasional gift wrapper needs this product though. Lastly, I love the fact that the blade is concealed and unlike scissors you don't have to worry about your child accidentally cutting his or herself because of this tool. I do a lot of crafty things and you can also trim paper and crop things down with the Gift Wrap Cutter.
This arrived just in time for Christmas gift wrapping. It does work well and cuts fast and smooth. I had scissors there also and out of habit kept reaching for them. I had a bit of a problem with mylar plastic paper, maybe because it was cheap dollar store paper it was not as smooth. On paper and foil paper it is great.I would have this for the kids wrapping gifts as the no exposed blade is great. A small finger could however get into the blade. Instruction would have to be given to keep little fingers safe.The ribbon curler is great no open scissors. The hard plastic works just fine.Handy item to keep in the gift wrap box. I can see this as useful in scrapbooking also.
I got this in the mail 2 days AFTER Christmas, but I did get a chance to test it out on wrapping paper.  It worked fine.  And I can use it all year for cutting coupons or newspaper clippings.  I don't know that I'd go out of my way to buy another one if this one goes dull or breaks, but I'll use it when it's handy.I think its biggest selling point may be that you can let the kids use it when they beg to help with the gift-wrapping.  It's completely safe.  I haven't tried it, but I wonder if it would work on construction paper?  That would be ideal.
This product does what it is supposed to do.  It cuts wrapping paper well and easy.The main benefit is that while you are using it family members don't steal it like they will often do the scissors, most likely because it is not as versatile as scissors.I tried to cut coupons with it.  Don't.  It isn't at all good for that.  You can't cut very precisely with it, and I cut off some of the dates on the few I tried.  It's not labeled for this use, I just thought I'd give it a try.  It was a total no-go.
The gift wrap cutter is a cinch to use.  It makes cutting your pieces so much easier.  I have three of them ow so the kids can help out.  I only gave it 4 stars because flimsy wrapping paper makes it difficult to begin cutting.  But it's very uselful and I do recommend it.
At first I thought this would be an extravagant little item to have in the house, I mean I do own scissors. However, while wrapping some presents this year I found the Scotch Gift Wrap Cutter to be a somewhat easier way to trim the wrapping paper. Sometimes, when I over estimate how much paper to use, I have to do some last minute cutting to size the paper to the package. With scissors sometimes I find them bulky to try to scissor my way around the package to get the paper to fit. With the Scotch Gift Wrap cutter, the item fits in the palm of your hand and is much easier to maneuver in weird positions than traditional scissors. I guess they are still an extravagance to have, but if you have the money to spend, it is a good little extra tool to help make packages wrap prettier.
Typically I end up sitting on the carpet to wrap presents.  I was amazed at how well this product worked even on a soft surface.  It quickly cuts long lengths of paper.  Sometimes it is hard to get started but once moving it moves quickly with a clean cut.  Much easier and quicker than scissors
This thing just works, plain and simple. Very easy to cut the wrapping paper cleanly and to accurate size to avoid waste. the ribbon curling feature is also great.
This is a great tool that came in handy when I was wrapping Christmas presents.The gift wrap cutter has a concealed blade between two prongs (I can't think of a better term). All you do is place the wrapping paper on a flat surface, slip the two prongs between the paper and push forward. It worked quicker than a scissor plus you can't cut yourself.Because of the design the gift wrap cutter works best when you are going in a straight line. It works really quickly when you do this--much quicker than a scissor.If you have to change directions you need to remove the gift wrap cutter and then reinsert it going in the new direction. A scissor would probably work quicker if you plan on changing directions often when you are cutting.Also, I found that thin wrapping paper tended to bunch between the prongs of the gift wrap cutter.  I could still cut thin wrapping paper but I needed to make sure I held it down.I did not use the ribbon curler.Pros:It works quickly.You can't cut yourself.You can go quickly in a straight line.Cons:You have to hold down thin wrapping paper.If you want to change direction while cutting you need to stop and reposition the gift wrap cutter.Conclusion:This is a good product to have especially if you or someone might cut someone or or something with a scissor and if you don't plan any intricate cutting of wrapping paper.
This Scotch Brand Gift Wrap Cutter was just what I needed for wrapping gifts plus clipping coupons, cutting out recipes in magazines and much more.  This tool would also come in handy for anyone with arthritis that cannot grip a scissor.  This tool is easy to use, has a hidden blade that cannot cut fingers and also has a built in ribbon curler that comes in handy.A great little tool that I find myself using a lot!