We've picked up Melissa and Doug, Ravensburger, and now Mudpuppy floor puzzles for our daughter.  I like all of them, and they each have good points and not so good points, but the wonderful thing about the Mudpuppy puzzle is it's in a box with a handle, so that she can carry it around.  We love involved activities that travel well, and this is a good choice for a puzzle-crazy toddler.  The picture is bright and has clearly-drawn animals that she enjoys, and the pieces fit well together, but not as well as the Ravensburger or even the Melissa and Doug.  The carrying-case cancels that out, in my opinion, because it's a great grab-and-go item for a trip.
We are a puzzle-loving family! I believe there is nothing quite like puzzle-building to enhance your family time especially during weekends or holidays... This adorable, large piece, durable puzzle will get the young members of your family excited and ready to join in the fun! Little kids will not have a difficult time building this puzzle as the pieces fit so well, and the illustrations are vivid and make finishing the puzzle an easy job! I have added an image to the product page.
The Mudpuppy At the Zoo Jumbo Floor puzzle was my 2.5 year old grandson's first jigsaw puzzle. He loved it and we have had great fun with it. Before we even opened the box, he enjoyed the picture of the puzzle and naming all the animals at the zoo. When we dumped out the pieces on the playroom floor, he got very excited. I tried to get him to do the border first but he is still a little young so I helped him to put it together. Then with the inside pieces left, we talked about what each piece looked like from the picture and found a place for it. After the first few tries of fitting pieces in correctly, he got the hang of it and did it on his own. We did it a couple of more times and he didn't seem to tire of it. He liked leaving it together when he went to take a nap. I think it is a wonderful, educational toy and fun one for first timers like he is. I think 2-3 is about the right age to start it and children a little older should be able to easily do it on their own. Sturdy, bright and well made!
When I read the description, I visualized a HUGE puzzle with GIGANTIC puzzle pieces. These aren't. They are a little bigger than most, but not much. It comes in a cute little box with a rope handle to make it easy to carry around. I love the pictures and the colors. Getting a small child to sit still long enough to put it together is another thing entirely. Good luck with that!
This is a great puzzle for young children. The pieces are thick and large and that makes it easy for little hands to handle. (the pieces are roughly 4.5 x 5.5 inches to 4.5 x7 inches) The pieces lock into place easily. The sturdiness of the pieces will help this puzzle last through many assemblies and disassemblies.  The colors are crisp and bright and there is a nice variety of colors to help young children find the right pieces.While this may seem unimportant, I like that (unlike most puzzles) the box opens at the top and it also has a nice rope carry handle.And, finally, the picture is really cute.
Jumbo puzzles are the way to go for young ones.  This one isn't too difficult for a little child to figure out and is big enough that there won't be any fear of them choking on any pieces.  The puzzles are made very sturdy and will handle some abuse.My 3 year old niece enjoyed it and I'm sure yours will too.
This is a really cute puzzle for both girls and boys it is a beginner puzzle and it has pretty large pieces so it's easy for children as young as 2. It comes in a nice box for easy storage.
My two year old was excited to try and piece this one together (with lots of help).  The pieces are large and quite sturdy.  This is good because the puzzle size is large and the little ones are bound to walk on the pieces.The puzzle design is interesting and provides lots of visual cues on where the pieces go.  This is great for kids who are learning how to figure out puzzles.It comes in a cute box with a carrying handle.Would make an excellent gift too.
I love teaching children how to do puzzles.  It is such a great learning tool.  The task of sorting by shape and color is a very important skill to learn and also maintain.  This is a really fun puzzle-quality made and the colors are vibrant.  Please do puzzles with your children, it is a lifelong hobby and a nice way to unplug from this overly technological world we live in.
Kids really prefer the puzzles with the large pieces. These puzzles have nice large pieces with images that are nice flat 2 dimensional drawings that they can easily line up. The pieces fit nicely together. They are not too tight or too loose. There also didn't seem to be any false positives, which is nice because that seems to frustrate the kids sometimes. The pieces felt thick and sturdy. The glossy images also felt nicely adhered. The rope handle on the box is nice, but the best part about the box is that it's over-sized for the pieces, and it folds open at the top. This makes it easier for the kids to put the puzzle away, since there is plenty of room and the box doesn't have too parts.Pro: Fun easy to follow imagesPro: Quality piecesPro: Pieces fit together wellPro: Nice box
Puzzles are fun for the whole family in my house. My toddler loves them and while we are spreading out the pieces and working on the puzzle sometimes my infant loves to grab at a few colorful pieces and point out an animal or chomp a piece.  I do try to deter him from chomping but I feel better knowing that this Mudpuppy puzzle is made from non toxic paints.  The zoo theme is great fun for a toddler, many animals to look at and discuss while we are putting it together.  The colors are pleasing as well compared to the uber-brightness of most children's toys.  The quality is not as high as other puzzles I have bought (Ravensburger) but still decent quality and I'd like to think it is because of Mudpuppy's choice to use 90 percent recycled materials and soy-based inks.  We are extra careful.
Our 3 year old loves animals and fell in love with this puzzle at first sight.  After a little coaching from us, she is now able to work on putting it together all by herself.We enjoy doing puzzles at our house.  They are a great educational tool and can be a nice quiet time activity.  I often get this out to keep her occupied while I'm cooking dinner.  It has been fun to talk about all the animal names and remember our own trips to the zoo.The packaging and pieces are both good quality.  This puzzle contains 25 pieces and forms 22x22 square.  The puzzle itself is very colorful.  There are a lot of fun, interesting things to see in it.  This would make a delightful gift for any young animal lover.
This puzzle is so sturdy. The pieces are about the size of a 4 yr old child's hand. They are about 4 times thicker than typical kids puzzles. They box is even fun with a rope handle. When put together it measures 22 by 22 inches. The picture is just delightful of a day at the zoo. There are children in the picture, cotton candy man, balloons, even ice cream. Everything you can imagine to delight a child. It is for ages 2 and up I would say to age 5 or so.This is also a green item the grey board is 90% recycled material, packaging 70% recycled. All non toxic. The puzzle with withstand years of little hands playing even rough with this puzzle.
Tested by my 3 years & 2 months young grandson. I picked out 2 corners for him as starting points & he went on from there with very little help from me. His almost 2 years young sister wasn't interested in trying this puzzle.The pieces are huge! I measured two of them to give you a general idea of their size...one was 7" x 4 1/2". A corner piece measured 5 5/8" x 4 1/2".  Each sturdy piece has a nice shine & is approximately 1/8" thick.Another plus is the storage box which has a corded handle for carrying & even more importantly...the box is roomy! Meaning your child won't have to be extra careful getting the pieces back into the box. Oh my gosh, I remember the days when I'd put my kids' puzzles away & have to keep redoing it so the lid would close. Not so with this storage box, my grandson put the pieces away in no time flat & he didn't have to fiddle around getting them in just so.Nice quality puzzle...5 stars
We really like this puzzle.  The pieces are big and bright and well constructed.  It is a sturdy puzzle with extra thick cardboard.  I feel like this puzzle is going to last us a long time.  I will be buying more puzzles from this manufacturer.
This puzzle is nice treat for all the little ones. Easy to put together as well as holds its place when done. The colors are bright and vivid, and the kids come alive after it is done. Will help kids with learning colors as well as animals too. Something you can discuss with children when they are finished. overall a great puzzle and kids will interact with it as well.
The pictures are fun and engaging.  After the puzzle is together there are lots of counting and identification that can take place.The pieces are large and thick.  So they are easy for little hands to grasp.  Most of the pieces are boarders so putting together is easy.It is cardboard so expect some wear and tear...  however looks like it will wear well.  The biggest danger is to durability is probably a mouth.
This is a very well made little puzzle.  The word 'Jumbo' in the product title refers to the size of the puzzle pieces - not to the size of the puzzle - and the pieces are very well sized for little hands.  The illustration is bright, beautiful, and has lots of great (and funny) little details that my daughter enjoyed finding.As for the pieces, they also seem to be very durable.  They fit together well and seem like they'll take a lot of four-year-old abuse - they can stand up to my daughter's favorite game of dancing on her puzzles after completing them.Her only complaint was the size of the puzzle.  Although the size is clearly noted in the product description, the puzzle is much smaller than the other puzzles we have.All in all, a lovely puzzle that we'll enjoy over and over again.
My kids are 4 and 6 and they just love puzzles, so when that Amazon box arrived my kids jumped with joy!The pieces are big and bright and great for hand and eye coordination. Its enough pieces to make them slow down and think, but not so many that they become overwhelmed and frustrated.Overall it is a great puzzle I highly recommend it!
First, the packaging is fantastic! I love the blue rope handle, allowing my kids (3 and 5) to carry the puzzle  easily without dumping all the pieces. The two other jumbo puzzles we have are in boxes that are much more challenging for the kids to hold and carry. I can't count the number of times they've gotten frustrated before even starting a puzzle because they have to pick up the pieces two or three times first.The pieces are thicker and had a glossier image than I expected. Each piece almost the size of my hand with fingers extended. The pieces fit together perfectly without difficulty for my three-year-old son and five-year-old daughter. My son still needs help with big puzzles, but my daughter can do them without help (and can help her brother).When finished, the finished image is colorful and fun cartoon of the zoo, with a bit of a quirky feel to it.I expect this to hold up for a long time, and - as compared to other brands of jumbo puzzles that we have - this one is a clear winner because the kids can carry it independently with the perfect packaging and handle.
My 2 1/2 year old daughter absolutely loves this jumbo puzzle.  We received it yesterday, and she played with it for the majority of the evening.  The colors are bright and engaging, and the pieces are made of a seemingly durable cardboard.It is a little difficult to put together on our plush carpeting, but it works great on a hard floor.  The puzzle comes in a sturdy storage box which has a thin rope carry handle.
The only reason to not buy this product for your child is if they still haven't quite figured out jigsaw puzzles. This is a classic jigsaw puzzle, the shapes bearing no relationship to the pictures.But if your kid can handle jigsaw puzzles, i highly recommend this one. The pieces are thick and sturdy, the tabs fit securely into the notches without being so snug as to put up a fight. The puzzle, once assembled, is study enough for a cat to walk across without knocking it apart, even on a carpeted floor. The picture is colorful and silly, with animals playing in normal ways (penguins sliding on their bellies) or silly ways (a polar bear cub floating in a red inner tube). Once the puzzle is assembled, you can play name-that-animal, or challenge your child to make up a story about what's going on in the picture. Or you can just take it apart and put it together again.The box is sturdy and designed as a carrying case, so the disassembled puzzle can easily be carried by a child, to a friend's house or preschool or just another room in your house.
My three year old son loves this puzzle and has put it together every day for the last week.  It is bright and colorful with cute illustrations of animals at the zoo.  It is age-appropriate for two to four year olds.  I usually help my son put it together by giving him hints on what pieces might work if he gets stuck, but overall it is not difficult for him.  The puzzle has 25 pieces, is a 5 by 5 square, and is fairly large.  The pieces are large, seem durable, and go together easily.  The box is also cute with a carry handle, which allows my son to tote it between rooms and encourages cleaning up after putting it together.  Overall, I have to say this a great puzzle for toddlers and young children.
When the kids visit they like to play this game. I have not played it myself but in my situation it is fine with me if the guests enjoy it.Happy Shopping!
Party Gras is an interesting game and I certainly don't own any games like it. Unlike most games that require a minimum of 2-3 players for optimal play with Party Gras the opposite is true. The more people you have playing the more fun it is, and because it can accommodate such a large number of players nobody ever has to feel left out or like they have to team up with another player just to make sure everybody can play. (Which is one of my biggest complaints at game night is having to play something like Settlers of Catan on a team.)Party Gras has a simple enough premise: Get all the beads you can (just like Mardi Gras)! But how you get those beads is what makes this game such a riot. Along with the strands of beads that every player starts out with each player is given a card with a task that they either must do or convince another player to do. Once their card has been completed they show it to another player and receive a strand of their beads in exchange.This game is great for large family gatherings if you're a loud, boisterous, outgoing family; ice breakers for small conferences and group settings; and at any type of party. Also, the game is super flexible because you can play until somebody has ALL the beads (which I honestly think might be impossible if your friends and family are as competitive as mine are) or you can have a predetermined time limit for the game and whoever has the most beads at the end of that time period is the winner.Overall it's a fun game and great if you've got a large group to play with.
This is a fun icebreaker party game.We brought it out at a Spring BBQ where most of the guests did not know each other. Party Gras really helped everyone get laughing and talking with other people. It was great to see so much smiling and laughing between the guests.Would recommend!
My kids really got into following the Curiosity Rover currently on Mars and my eldest has enjoyed simple robotics - so having a programmable rover was a great treat. One thing I like was this was ready to use right out of the box. Because of this, it is very, very simple. There are 6 buttons you are using (on/off, insert/delete, exit/stop, record, enter, save) and 4 way arrow controls. So, you can program it, but it isn't going to do real complex moves. If you have a child just getting into programming - this is a perfect fit. If your kid is already using Lego Mindstorms - skip this, it will be way too simple.One thing I like is that the treads are very sturdy, so this rover did well on our hard wood floors. We didn't try it on carpet. My eldest is 7, so he was quite happy with all that he could do with this. If you have a younger child into robots, a slightly older child into programming, or really want a novelty item for a space buff - this would be a great fit. Pretty durable, but don't throw it down the stairs or anything like that. Overall I can recommend this for the right audience.
The Programmer Rover was a huge hit for my boys, one 9 average student and the other 10 who is in  accelerated/challenge classes.The instructions for the rover come in a laminated spiral bound book, very good as it is needed to be referred to often for every programmable action and therefore be built to last. The instruction booklet is well illustrated, the written instructions were clear and my nine year old was able to program the easier beginner tasks without a problem.Our boys and their friends spend hours playing with and programming the rover.  The Smart Lab ReCon Rover has turned out to be both an educational and fun electronic 'toy', well worth the money. A++
Picked this up for my thirteen year old son. While it says eight an up, I think this is definitely for older kids as it involves a lot of math and thinking, which is a great motivator for kids to learn as it is fun and educational. You can teach it to do many things and bring you things, but accuracy is key, which is where the pay off is for getting your math right. Definitely a great teaching idea for kids and math and measuring, can be frustrating for younger ones but highly recommended!
Have patience if your child greets the Smart Lab ReCon 6.0 Programmable Rover with subdued surprise. This toy robot takes a bit of time to warm up. Star Wars robots are more recognizable and, not surprisingly, more appealing to young kids.Three things to like:* Commands are entered using both an LCD screen and 10-button key pad.* The Rover comes with a 48-page spiral bound guidebook and a tape measure, so precise distances can be programmed.* The Rover's triangular track-drive system with third wheel is adept on both hard floors and carpet.At a third of the price and half the weight of theInteractive R2-D2, the Smart Lab ReCon 6.0 Programmable Rover is a better value and a fun learning tool for kids ages eight years and up. I'd rather own three Smart Lab ReCon 6.0 Programmable Rovers than one R2D2.Rating: Five stars.DISCLOSURE: This review is courtesy of the Amazon Vine program, which provides products at no cost in exchange for my independent and unbiased feedback. My objective is to test and review products fairly, providing you with helpful information that improves your shopping experience. This product review was not sponsored or paid for in any way by the manufacturer or an agent working on their behalf.
My nine year old daughter has been having a blast playing with this robot. I was a little apprehensive getting it for her because it does take some work programming it but she loves it! In her words "it wasn't too hard to figure once I read the guide". She loves that she can record messages and set it up to "patrol" her room at night. I'm very happy that she is enjoying it!
The Smart Lab ReCon 6.0 is a wonderful combination of Technology meets education. This programmable rover teaches basic programming, early mathematics, and basic problem solving. Is meant for ages 8-adult. It comes pr-eassembled so no assembly is required just pull it out of the box and let the fun begin.It also comes with a 48 page, full color guide book which includes 10 missions plus diagnostics test, mission maps, and step by step programming directions. The Smart Lab Recon 6.0 Projects create hours of entertainment, and educational family fun.If you or your kids love robots I highly recommend this gift. It's out of this world!
My 11 year old LOVES robots. He makes them out of EVErYTHING. But, he's errr... "efficient" (that's a nice way of saying lazy.) So programming high tech robots has been out of reach thus far, though he's capable, he just doesn't have the patience.This was a Christmas present for him, and he was able to open it and "write" his first program within about an hour.He then put a little camera in the back pocket and began recording things from the robot's point of view.He's used it as a "guard" for his bedroom door and a funny recording just for fun.He still enjoys it, and as the oldest of five, still keeps it safe. It's fairly durable. No one has broken it yet!The robot comes with a little booklet of instructions, and I didn't read a BIT of it --- so, they must be written in easy to understand language. I'm very pleased with this toy, and the cause and effect, precise measurements he's having to learn to make it go where he wants it to go.Works great on our carpet and tile and wood, and isn't too noisy or too small or big.JUUUUST RIGHT!Sra. GoseBilingual Homeschooling Mother of 5Author: The Key to Learning Anything, Flip Flop Spanish Series
Prior to this "Scene It" game, the only other version I had ever played was the rather mediocre XBox 360 "Scene It: Lights Camera Action."  This is SO much better than that one!This deluxe edition contains metal pieces to represent Wall*E, Buzz Lightyear, Rapunzel, and Tinkerbell.  They're sturdy and heavy and reminded me of the classic Monopoly pieces I grew up playing with.  The gameboard is sturdy, and the cards are colorful and well organized to allow people to play many times with many different people before trivia questions might start repeating.The star, of course, is the DVD and the movie scenes.  My wife and I enjoy the Disney movies, especially the Pixar ones, and we had a blast competing against each other.  It was fun to watch snippets of the movies, especially ones we haven't seen forever, and remember just how excellent many of them are.We really only had two complaints: First, the "Tiebreaker" questions are pretty lame, at least from an adult's perspective.  Tiebreakers were "solved" by the game telling us things like the "person with the next birthday" won the tie.  That's not a tiebreaker, that's just a fancy coin toss.  Our second complaint was that if we had missed ANY of the Disney movies, we absolutely had no chance on some questions.  I'm not sure how popular "Meet the Robinsons" was in the theater, but we missed it.  We ended up bumbling our way through about half a dozen trivia questions just on that one movie.  A better job shuffling the deck probably would have helped, and we'll do that next time.Overall, this game was a blast, and we plan to bring it out at the next family holiday get-together.  (In fact, I enjoyed it so much I went out and immediately bought the Star Trek Scene It also.)  Fun times with family.
[Update: my children have asked to play this game so many times, I'm going to have to bump it up to 5 stars.]I played this with my 3 year old daughter and my (nearly) 5 year old son. The daughter didn't get much of it, but my son enjoyed it quite a bit. I did have to let him win though; I've seen these movies so many times, I knew about 90% of the answers. Still he enjoyed it quite a bit, both in regular game board mode and in casual party mode.Game play is complicated or, if you want a positive spin, diverse, with numerous mini-games within the game, and I'm still not 100% sure how you are supposed to play out the end game. The game board needs a flat table to remain flat; we played it on a padded bench and it was hard keeping it level enough to keep the game pieces in play. As for the game pieces, they are lovely little pewter figurines; although I can see an emergency room trip should I ever accidentally step on Tinker Bell's wings.  Content is rendered for standard definition TVs; I'd have thought that we were far enough into the 21st century for all DVDs to be designed for widescreen TVs, but apparently not.There is plenty of content, with an ample number of trivia cards, although this is not Scrabble, you are not going to get 100 full length games out of this set. Eventually, everything on the DVD will be exhausted, and this will end up at the yard sale. Still the subject matter might be the only trivia category that 4 year olds will be domain experts in.
I have had the original game "Scene It?" for a few years (when it first came out) as I am a big movie and also trivia buff. The game is really great, I feel, right up there with Trivial Pursuit (which I consider the greatest game ever invented).And, so, when the Vine Program offered this "Disney Magical Moments" version, naturally I sent for it to try out and review here. Frankly, I know of nobody who is not a big animation lover, and Disney Animation in particular, so let's face it, this game automatically scores points just for it's subject matter alone. A highlight for me was all the Pixar bits and clips, etc....I just love all the work this studio has produced for us over the past few years!I live in a retirement property, residents need be 55 and up, or disabled. When I received this game in today's mail, everyone present "wanted to play"! I hooked everything up to our 55" widescreen and some of us "dove right in", and now, 7 hours later, I finally packed everything up and have come home.....phew!Did we have a good time? YES, resoundingly, of course! Everyone wanted to know "when we were going to play again?"....which I thought was pretty darn cool as many here do not partake of activities.Some, of course, were not familiar with some of the newer characters, etc., and were a little stumped, but everyone had a very good time, laughing, chattering, and asking "if I had the movie for that one?", etc., which in many instances I do, as I am an avid movie buff, so not only were folks entertained with the game itself, they are inquiring to see the movie(s), etc., which is a wonderful thing here to help build community!The construction of this game is, indeed, of very high quality, which sort of surprised me considering how "cheaply" things are made today. All elements are of extra-heavy cardboard/paper materials, the pieces are of heavy and durable plastic, and all packed in a very well-made box to hold everything securely.If you have children, grandchildren, or great-grandchildren I cannot recommend this particular game highly enough to you....remember, EVERYONE LOVES DISNEY! Even if you are a Great Big Kid, like myself, run out and pick this wonderfully entertaining, laugh-filled, "Little Magic Box" and get ready for more fun than you have had in a Very Very long time....there are many hours of fun and laughter to be had with this fabulous game. Trust me, being the big kid that I am, I KNOW!Enjoy this fabulous game....it's too good to pass up!~operabruin
As a major Twilight fan, I was very excited to receive this game, and my opponent knew I would beat him in no time.  While I did indeed win, I admit that some questions really stumped me, either because I was having a "brain freeze," or did not know the answer ("Name the Actress").I think they could have created better game pieces, but the Fate cards are fun and the questions and activities diverse. (I particularly liked the "bonus" game where you answer questions to determine whether you're a werewolf or a vampire).  The questions were evenly spread across all three films, which was also a nice touch.This was our family's second Scene It game--the other being a Disney game--and while the gameplay was exactly the same, the menus, music, and voice-over were much more mellow, subdued, and ultimately more enjoyable and relaxing.  Although not introduced, I am pretty sure that the game's narrator is supposed to be the character of Carlisle, though clearly it's not the actor providing the voice.
My wife is a Twihard and absolutely loved this "Sceneit?" game based on the three Twilight movies.  If you don't like the Twilight movies obviously you won't like this game.  For the die hard and even casual Twilight fans I think you will find it a lot of fun.  You don't need to really read the books to have fun with this game in my opinion, just need to have watched the movies.  Overall a lot of fun.
Yes, this is a product that will only appeal to Stephanie Meyer's Twilight series.  Should this be a deterrent to buying this game?  No, of course not!  There are a lot of different Scene it? games out there geared towards different subject matters so there are plenty of options that will appeal to most.  This version will be loved by all of those who love the movies and the books alike.  There were plenty of options and so much to do that it could be played many times without worry of repetition. This would be fabulous for a slumber party, no doubt about it!  If you're looking for a gift for your loved one who also happens to be a fan of the series, this will make a great one!
Great game!It has long and short modes both of which are excellent! Mini games includes puzzles, questions answering and putting scenes in order... As with all Scene-It games it does include clips of the actual movies...Pros:FunOn Par with other titlesVery 'Twilighty' (lol)Encourages everyone to let loose and just have a good timeI will say this is more geared toward the girls just like the movies but deep down everyone should get a kick out of these along with the movies!
If you love Scene it and Twilight you can't go wrong here!  This has the first three movies combined in it with the classic scene it game style.  Me and my sisters and girlfriends love it!
I should point out that I am completely unfamiliar with the series, and will be relating what my wife, her cousin and her mother say about the game. I should also note that they are HUGE fans. In the week that I got the game, they have been over twice to play. As a point of reference, my mother-in-law was last here about a month ago and my wife's cousin hasn't been over in months. I wish I could say it was my charm and devilishly good looks.....alas, that is probably not the case. As a non-participant, I can tell you that they get very excited. Seeing some clips, the video look great, everything is clear, and it seems pretty easy to play. Of course they know everything, well, my wife's cousin does, and she makes it look easy. My wife finds it the most challenging....but they love it, and it's a great excuse for them to get together. It's not that my wife's cousing runs away with it, she still finds it challenging. I should also mention that my wife is not really a "game person." And for her to enjoy a game so much is pretty impressive to me....so, if you are a fan, I think you must buy this. My wife agrees. My mother-in-law agrees. My wife's cousin, well, her birthday is comming up, and she is very clear on what she wants....this!
My daughter and her friends play this, but of course, they have seen all the movies and read all the books. I don't think I could get an answer correct to save my life! Lots of fun for the teenagers!
My kids  10 & 13 love that this is true to the story. My grandkids ages 3,5,& 6 also love to play along with us.  If you love rudolph then this is a collector item you will want.
If you're a fan of the classic Rankin/Bass TV special, RUDOLPH THE RED NOSED REINDEER, first of all you should have the "making of" book by eminent R/B specialist Rick Goldschmidt as well as the soundtrack album on CD. You'll also enjoy this interactive DVD/board game version though you won't be able to impress anyone with your detailed knowledge of the longest running holiday TV special in history.However, don't let that stop you. The folks who made SCENE IT came up with a colorful, nicely paced game that can be played by young children and adults with no one getting frustrated or bored. And the DVD is not an ancillary part of the game -- you really need it to play along.The narrator, a well-chosen, grandfatherly type who could very well have been in the original cast (though of course he was not), guides you warmly through the proceedings. The story is that the Misfit Toys have scattered and the players must rescue them before Bumbles the Abominable Snowman captures them. The DVD tells you where to place the toys and Bumbles and you choose to be Rudolph, Hermie, Clarice, or Yukon Cornelius.Every time you attempt to rescue a toy, the DVD has a game for you to play, from watching a clip from the film and recalling a detail to guessing which character will win a race. Some are pure chance and others require observational skills.It may be my DVD player, but there was a bit of inconsistency in the time allowed to answer the challenges. Also, it's not clear where to keep the Misfit Toys -- on the image in the game board or off the board -- because the narration contradicts it. When you are standing on a space that the DVD suddenly assigns a toy, do you get to rescue it on your next turn or do you have to leave the space and return later? We decided that since there is no minimum number of spaces to move regardless of the roll of the die, you could stay there and help the toy.The overall design of the game board is lovely and the DVD cleverly manipulates images and audio from the film for various purposes. My only quibble is that there should have been credit given to Arthur Rankin, Jr. and Jules Bass, since the classic film is their landmark production. I don't care whether it was determined by marketing people that it doesn't matter -- it does, to more people that you think. It might have been nice to offer special thanks to the voice cast and also Anthony Peters, whose art direction graces all of the Rudolph merchandise. Just a nod would be an act of courtesy and respect to great artistry and talent.My son loves the game by the way and wants to make it a holiday tradition.
My kids (ages 3 and 5) love the Rudolph DVD Game.  It works in much of the same way as a regular Scene It Game but it is simplified so that even my 3 year old can get the answers right.  My kid's have watched Rudolph a few times but you don't need to know the movie to play this game (although it makes it fun to know the character's names).  We did not play with the game board because I found it too confusing for younger children.  We just played with the DVD and did not keep score.  The DVD would show a scene and then ask a question related to the scene.  An adult really needs to supervise for younger children who aren't familiar with the DVD remote control.  My kid's really enjoyed it.  The only problem I had was with the game board which was divided into 4 sections - my kid's couldn't really get the concept of it and I found it a little difficult to understand myself.  Overall, a fun game.
"Etch A Sketch" was my favorite indoor toy as a child. We did not have a TV (my father did not like them), so we had a lot of time for creative pursuits. I spent many hours drawing on our "Etch A Sketch", when I could get it away from my older sister.An "Etch A Sketch" was one of the first toys we bought for our kids and they have seen a lot of use. We take a lot of long car rides and the "Etch A Sketch" was a great way to keep them amused.For those that don't know, an "Etch A Sketch" allows the user to draw a picture using two knobs, one controlling the up/down and one controlling left/right motion. This means a diagonal line could only be drawn by moving both knobs at the same time. Also, there isn't a way to make it not draw so your picture is made up of one continuous line. To erase the picture, you just flip the "Etch A Sketch" upside down and shake it.This is a great low tech toy (no batteries required) that can still entertain kids. It has "passed the test of time".Highly Recommended!
I have not met a person who is not spellbound (at least for a few minutes) by the etch a sketch. What fun it is to sit and try to control the dials and create a picture. I had one as a child and loved it. Then when I had children of my own I wanted them to have one too. Glad we have one for them now, they truly enjoy it! Mind you it is not a video game but it still does draw their attention and is great to have around.
I loved this when I was a kid, and now my 7 yr old does too. Not only is it fun without batteries that encourages imagination and creativity, but it's also a great way to share fond memories with your children.
This is a GREAT toy!  It is exactly like the one that everyone grew up with.  By moving the white knobs, horizontal and vertical lines as well as curves can be drawn, allowing the user to draw countless objects.  The objects can be cleared by simply shaking the screen.The Etch A Sketch can be dropped and banged around without breaking.  It is fun both for adults, as well as children, although it is probably better for the 5+ age group rather than the 3+ age group, as advertised.  While children under 3 can use the Etch A Sketch, it is a bit too difficult for 3-4 year-old children to make interesting objects with the dials so that age group often gets bored with it.While the Etch A Sketch has no bells, whistles, or computerized parts, it seems to be the toy that kids keep coming back to.  Its simplistic design actually keeps it from becoming tiresome.  I very much appreciated the quietness of the toy.The Etch A Sketch is particularly good with children who need to develop hand muscles, as continuous use of the dials requires intricate hand movements.  Also, it shows children the different objects that can be drawn simply by combining vertical and horizontal lines with curves.
I love games like this.  Coming up with answers to random and at times personal questions only to have others (friends, family) try and figure out which answer is yours just sounds like a load of fun.  It was.  Getting together with a range of friends (different ages, marital statuses, etc.) and playing this game was a pretty epic night.  The questions have great range and really are open to some seriously fun interpretation (you could have multiple answers to many of the questions, which means that gameplay can really be endless).  Sometimes I felt like being too honest could get you in trouble (some of those personals) or could be too obvious (I mean, if you say something about your kids and you're the only player WITH kids) but that is why the questions should be interpreted according to the crowd.  It reminds me a tad of Apples to Apples meets Balderdash, two games my family has enjoyed for years.  I highly recommend this game.  It's a blast and is suitable for everyone, all ages, sex and circumstance!  And yes, a few drinks do make the gameplay (and the answers) all the more interesting.
The questions are not exactly "loaded" which makes it sound like they're going to get your deepest, darkest secrets and put them on display.  Instead, they're some odd questions, some mundane, but all get a conversation going which is the point.The rules of the game are similar to other games, Awkward Family Photos comes to mind.  A player lands on a color, a question is asked from the deck of cards, and everyone writes down their answer.  My 11 year old got really silly with his answers sometimes and you can tell whose answer is whose a lot based on personality and writing style.  That said, it does get people talking and I love that.We played after dinner, seated around the table, and it really got a lot of side conversation going as well.  I would recommend for Family Game Nights with children that are pre-tweens and up.  A game to play with new social groups, perhaps you have your boss's coworkers over for dinner - these questions will break the ice.  AND last, but not least, I'm loving this for my son's social skills group.  These kiddos need to learn how to talk to one another and this game certainly helps.
If you've played Loaded Questions before, you know that it can take a little while. In this new edition, the board is half the size (which makes it nice for sliding around the table) and the &#34;happy trails&#34; have been omitted (which sometimes irritated other players anyway). They somehow did this without taking away most of the spaces. Nice job.Excellent family game for older kids, teens and adults. We play it all the time, and now we'll play it more often.
I played this game with my grown sons, and we had a blast! I imagine it would be a great icebreaker, since you have to be willing to reveal a little about yourselves. It was even MORE fun with people you already know really well. Also, this is a fun game to play when alcohol is involved, not that I would know PERSONALLY of course (wink). The concept is pretty simple: everyone writes down the answer to a specific question, then everyone has to guess who wrote each answer. It's similar to Balderdash in this respect (another favorite game) or Tabloid Teasers (which I believe is no longer being produced, which is a crying shame). Definitely a great addition to game night!
I first played this game with several of my friends on a wine tasting trip.  It was hilarious and we all had a great time answering the questions, usually in outlandish ways.  We learned a bit about one another, but generally played to try to full the guesser into guessing a different one of the friends.  This added some difficulty because we had to figure out if the people were telling the truth or not.After that initial time, this has been a go to game for us.  Now that we are home, several of the children also want to play.  With children around, you can answer seriously and stay truthful.  The questions are generally easy to answer for most children and not inappropriate.  We still have a lot of laughs, especially at those that end up guessing wrong and then figuring out why they guessed that way.  We've never grown tired of playing Loaded Questions.
This game is a great way to get to know your adult friends. It requires some personal sharing, the questions are humorous and ridiculous. Lots of silly scenarios where you have to admit how you would handle it what would you do...and yeah you can stretch the truth a little as well, we also play with the rules a bit but all in fun. Lots of laughs great way to bond and past some time prepare for cramping from the laughing. We love it!!!
The game is pretty simple to learn. It is played like this:Each person gets a marker and puts it on the &#34;start&#34; section of the board. On your turn, you roll a die and move forward that many spaces. On your space is a symbol. You draw a card, read the question associated with that symbol, and the rest of the players write their answers on the supplied paper (any paper will work, though.) The player next to you reads all the responses and you (it's still your turn) have to figure out who said what. You move forward additional spaces toward the finish line for each response you correctly attribute to its author.I thought the game was fun! I played and also watched the game while played with some teenagers and they had a BLAST! The only caveat I would mention is that some of the questions weren't exactly &#34;happy&#34; ones (e.g., &#34;If you caught Osama Bin Laden, what would you do?) and some could encourage more adult-type answers. I am not saying that these are inappropriate, but if adults are playing with kids, they may want to temper their answers. And example of one I can think of is: &#34;What is an inappropriate title for a children's book?&#34; Now, when I played with older teens, we were laughing hysterically at their responses of &#34;He's Not Really Your Uncle&#34; or &#34;Why are Mommy and Daddy So Loud at Night&#34; or something like that (and , but that would be great with younger kids. Families would (hopefully) be sensitive to each other's maturity levels, but I just wanted to mention it. Sometimes when we play, we let the &#34;reader&#34; choose ANY question on the card so if there is one they question, they can just ask another one.I have modified it for younger kids by assigning a &#34;reader&#34; (me) who reads the card for everyone on their turn. That way, if a question comes up I don't like for that group, I can just pick another from the card or modify (e.g., &#34;if you caught Santa Claus, what would you do?)The older high school students actually ASK me to get this game out, so they clearly enjoy it. They don't like every board game so that is a real plus! I do hope that the company considers refill sets of the cards so after a year or so of playing,
I've been playing this game for years. It's a perennial favorite with my extended family. The entire family only gets together a couple times a year, and when we do, this game always makes an appearance one night of our get-together. Though the box suggests 4-6 players, it can easily play more than this. (We usually play 7-8 players.) The premise of the game is pretty simple:1. One player reads a question from a card. Some questions are more serious, and some are more light-hearted. Examples of questions are: What do you like the least about where you live? What is the best gift you've ever been given? If you were to write a novel, what would the title be?2. Every player other than the one reading the question writes down a response to the question and passes it to the person to the left of the player who asked the question.3. The responses are read aloud. The player who asked the question must try to identify who gave each particular response.4. After all guesses have been made, each player reveals what their response was, and points are awarded based on how may players were correctly matched to their responses.This game can be played in a very serious manner if you are with a serious group of people. However, when you are playing with a group of people who already know each other pretty well, the responses become much easier to match to their responders. As such, our family just plays the game for fun and doesn't keep score. We end up writing down some of the most ridiculous or unlikely responses to try to throw each other off and get some laughs. Some might argue that this goes against the spirit of the game to play so "dishonestly," but as long as everyone realizes that going into it, everyone has fun.This is a great game, and I'm glad to finally have my own copy! I highly recommend it for parties!
This game surprised me. I was ready to cross it off as gimmicky and boring, but it really proved me wrong. I had a small group of close friends over and we really enjoyed it, especially when trying to guess who had answered which answer! This means, even if you are not directly playing, you are still playing. Most of the questions were great. Once in a while there was a boring one, so we just skipped it. It was definitely a fun way to spend an evening and very different. Highly recommend for adults and young adults.
We ordered this before we had a game night with our new neighbors and it was a real getting to know you game.  They all had a blast and it was talked about for weeks afterward.I had decided that I wanted this game because of the reviews on Amazon and they were SO right.  It is a hilarious game!
My 4yo loves play with this game. This is one of the few games that she can actual play more than one round. Usually we can only play games once and then we need to rest, this one she play and have fun for more than one, that it is really cool
This bunny-hopping game was very popular with my animal-loving kindergartner. She loved the bright colors, and the bunnies themselves. She had so much fun with the bunnies, she took them out and plays with them without the game, too!The play of the game is simple: each player takes four bunnies, all of the same color. Then you shuffle the carrot cards, and start drawing cards. The cards with either have a number of hops on them (1, 2, or 3) or you will get to click the carrot at the top of the hill. The cards are good for younger learners because they do not use number symbols, but icons. The number of hops is represented by holes. So, the player gets to count the holes and then move their bunny in turn.The game board "hill" is sturdy and well made, as I have come to expect from Ravensburger games. The bunnies come in pink, purple, yellow, or blue and are about 1" tall.This would make a great gift to bring to a child's birthday party.
Its a cute game.  My 4 year old loves it.  You each get 4 bunnies and move them through the board until one gets to the top where there is a carrot.  There are no dice, you just pick cards that tell you how many spaces to move.  The fun part is if you pick a card that says 'click' as now you have to spin the carrot at the top which moves a disk that creates holes in various spaces.  There are so many times one of us thought we would win only to have the click card come up and our bunny fall through the hole.  Very cute game.
The game is built solidly and the mechanism for where the hole appears is very hardy.  Even the box is very sturdy.  Kids love the game and it is visually appealing.  Two small tweaks would really improve it.  Where the hole is going to appear is predictable and sharper kids can catch on to it.  If there was some way to make it more random it would help.  Also, there are too few cards.  When a larger number of children are playing, they have to reshuffle the cards all the time.  Most of the time, kids stop playing by the rules and make up their own.
My 4 and 5 year old LOVE this game. It has been played five separate times today alone. The game's concept is so simple that they are able to play without my help after the first time. Overall, I am very please with this game. Our 8 year old neighbor has also played the game and equally enjoyed it. If your child is 8 and under, they will enjoy this game.
This is a simple game where your bunny token moves 1, 2 or 3 hops along a bunny trail based on a card drawn from the deck.  Also in the deck are "clic" cards where you twist the giant carrot and holes open up on the bunny trail that can cause bunnies to disappear from the game board.  It's a very simple concept which is actually alot of fun for 3-6yr olds.  We've been playing constantly for weeks around this house and if you can count you can play.  Very much recommended!
I got this as a Christmas gift for my youngest, a boy age three. We've been playing with it for a few days now, and to my surprise it's much more popular with my five and six year old (boy and girl, respectively). I suppose the recommended age of four really applies in this case.Properly played, the game takes well under 10 minutes, so I don't know where the advertised "20 minute playtime" comes from. Having said that, my two older kids can play for an hour at a time; they make up new games for the bunnies and drop holes, whole little adventures. They absolutely love it.As a grownup I have zero patience for board games and card games (and word games - bah, humbug). But even I like this one, because it's simple and quick, and fun to drop the bunnies down the holes. Highly recommended.
This is such a cute and joyous game to play!  First off, it keeps my little nieces entertained for a good few hours which is usually nearly impossible.  It is so fun to play and watching the girls focus so intently on which leave to pull and then have the bees "wake up" is a riot!  You really do have to be careful and it really is tricky to do.  I also love the fact that for a little while their faces are focused on something tangible rather than a movie or video game.  This is a joy to play!
Super cute and easy to play.  Older kids and adults can make it as challenging as they want by trying for the 'perfect' game while the little ones just love the bees and getting to play.  Good value for the price.  Reminds me of Kerplunk but way cuter!
Ok, I don't understand the negative reviews for this game!  This is such a fun great game.  The little ones can play it because their isn't any reading involved.  Yes, an adult has to take 5 minutes to set up.  The leaves do not come out... I am not really comprehending what is being done wrong.  And yes the game is quick... you have bees being balanced on leaves... after the first 5 pulls the bees begin to slowly drop on people.  That is the purpose of the game afterall.  It is fun and a quick game unlike some tedious games like "Candy Land".  As a parent of 3 kiddies under 5... I am very happy when games are quick and fun.
We got this gift for my oldest's one year birthday, she's turning three next week and is in great working order.  My younger daughter (18 months) loves playing with it regularly and her bigger sister shows her all the fun things she can do with it.  Our younger one likes to put blocks and playfood in it which clogs it up, but for the most part those things are easy to remove. The batteries seem to last quite a long time even after constant playing with.  This is one of the few toys that have staying power for little kids.  The only other toys the girls have loved for this long is the musical ring stacker, laugh and learn home, and their big step 2 kitchen.  I would recommend this to anyone with a one year old!
Our 20 month old played with this at a friend's house and didn't want to put it away, which is not like her since she bores easily with most toys.  We purchased one for her and the moment she sets it down to play, her face lights up, she squeals with delight when she presses the big red ball to start the action, and then once the balls start popping in the air, she is overjoyed.The colorful balls are placed in the chute on top of the unit, then as they slide down the ramp, the air popper forces them up through the top hole and they pop around like popcorn!  We watch our daughter laugh and have a blast with this toy all the time, but she is learning so much from it as well.  First she learned cause and effect when pushing the red lever to start the machine.  She learned that the music will not start until the balls begin moving.  Next she learned where to place the balls, and how to catch them if they scooted away, and finally she learned words like BALL, STOP, OUT, PLAY, DANCE just from the repetition of the activities.  The fun music reminds me of a circus parade and several songs randomly play while the popper is activated.Storage is a snap since it's heavy enough to stay upright while playing, and light enough to grab and go when it's time to clean up.  There are three main pieces that an adult has to screw together, and though a child might be able to pry off the top piece, it easily snaps back into place.  Just don't lift it from the top piece and you shouldn't have a problem.I recommend this toy for babies who are able to sit up unassisted so that an adult can help them play with the balls, but highly recommend it for walking toddlers since they will love chasing after the balls.A+ from this parent on this one!
We bought this for our 1 yr old twin boys and they just loved playin with this toy and watching the balls shoot out. They were scared when we first turned it on from the fan blowing but they got over that quickly and just enjoyed watching it and grabbing the balls as they flew out.  We put it up after about 6 months to keep for our new baby that was on its way.  We recently got it back out as the new baby is now 7 months old and we thought he could sit and watch it.  Of course the twins who are 2 couldnt wait to start playing with it again.  This is fine as the baby just watches them and tries to catch the balls when they fall on the ground.  The 2 yr olds love to catch the balls and put them back in the toy.  They also love to turn it sideways and let the air blow in their face or shoot themselves in the face.  When they shoot themselves they think it is so funny and cant stop laughing.
This toy is fun and includes quite a bit of exercise.  Some of the balls go rolling off and the baby loves chasing them and bringing them back and watching them go all around, dancing around to the music the whole time.  Great fun and great value all the way around.
Windmill Country is quite possibly the prettiest puzzle I have ever owned.  The picture is absolutely beautiful, and it was a delight to see it come to completion.  It is, of course, of the same great quality as all Ravensburger Puzzles.  I recommend Ravensburger Puzzles to everyone.  I also recommendRavensburger Puzzle Store.
Ravensburger makes high quality, durable, beautiful puzzles. The pieces are unique and challenging, and they fit together with thought and intent in their design. The materials are high in quality and durability, which makes them a joy to work with.This particular puzzle has components that make it easier to assemble: the lattice of the windmill, the shades of color in the flowers, the texture of the roof tiles and brick work. The blue of the sky was the most challenging part to get together.I like puzzles for family vacations. Set one up on a card table and let people gather around on a whim. I have frequently seen them on tables at bed and breakfast inns, inviting guests for a warm afternoon of quiet, intelligent challenge. The conversations that happen over them are priceless.Each piece of this puzzle is about the size of your fingertip, about 1 inch. The finished puzzle measures 27 x 20 inches, so it fits nicely on a card table.
I really enjoyed this puzzle. I have been familiar with Ravensburger puzzles for many years (I had some growing up) and the quality is still as good as ever. The puzzles are still made in Germany, I'm glad to see!The hardest part of the puzzle was the clouds. The pieces are all different shapes so it's easy to do the solid sky parts by observing the shapes, but the clouds were the biggest challenge for me and were completed last. I probably spent between 9-12 hours on the puzzle, working on it whenever my very interested toddler was asleep. My husband helped with some of it.The pieces didn't seem to fit very tightly to me when I tried to move small chunks from one area to another, but when the whole puzzle was together it seemed to lock itself up much better. It would have been a very easy puzzle to put on backing were I to want to do so at some point. (I've done some other puzzles that simply would NOT stay together when I tried to flip them over to glue on the backing!)Overall, very pleased with this puzzle and will be doing it again no doubt in the future!
Ravensburger just makes an excellent puzzle. This is the fifth puzzle my wife and I have worked on and we are, again, very satisfied.  Everything we said about the last puzzle still holds true for this one.Pros:* Soft click technology. Pieces are well cut and fit together nicely* Excellent and sturdy backer material. Very few bent or splitting pieces out of the box.* Linen matte finish.* Excellent picture resolution.Cons:* None really.Summary:If you like the picture and the piece count is what you're looking for, then this puzzle is highly recommended.
I'm usually pretty good at predicting the difficulty of a puzzle before starting it but this one caught me by surprise. It seems to be pretty standard in puzzles to feature a section of sky touching up against trees and or buildings which sit above water or grass and so it is with Windmill Country. What I didn't expect was the challenge of putting together the sky section which is actually quite large. Also, the clouds are sort of an amorphous mass of white so there was a lot of sorting and slow assembly. What this puzzle didn't do was overstay its welcome or get frustrating. It's harder than other 1000 piece puzzles I've done from Ravensburger but still a tremendous pleasure to put together.Ravensburger does high quality puzzles and this one continues that tradition. I will admit there were a couple pieces where the paper was slightly coming loose from cardboard but generally this is another top notch puzzle and the image is very pleasant.
Ravensburger makes the best quality puzzles out there, and this puzzle is no exception.  The pieces are precisely cut, thick and durable, and the picture is bright and clear.  These puzzles are a lot of fun and always have the most beautiful images on them, compared to most other puzzles out there.  Ravensburger has spoiled me and I no longer buy any other brand of puzzle.
I'm a fan of Ravensburger puzzles.  Prior to attempting thisWindmill Country 1000 Piece Puzzle, I'd completed theKrypt Silver 654 Piece Blank Puzzle Challengewhich I found quite challenging.  This one was not as difficult, but was of the outstanding puzzle quality as most of the Ravensburger puzzles tend to be and therefore are my favorites.  Arriving in a sealed and shrink wrapped pack, the pieces were once again enclosed in a sealed plastic bag.  Although their puzzles tend to have some "dust" from the cut pieces, this particular puzzle did not leave much behind at the end of it's completion.  If you are in to Holland or country scenes for your puzzles, you can't go wrong with this one.
Windmill Country 1000 Piece Puzzle is another great product from the folks at Ravensburger. This one only took a couple of days to complete and I had fun doing so.  I like how glossy the pieces are and that they fit easily.  The edges of the puzzle pieces are very sturdy and not a lot of left over dust and no nicks from badly cut jigsaw pieces.  Ravensburger makes some quality jigsaw puzzles and this one is no exception.  If you enjoy putting puzzles together (like me) then you will want to pick up this one.  Its a bit challenging due to the colors but the difficulty makes it all the more enjoyable.
This is my third puzzle by Ravensburger and they are all gorgeous.  The quality is the best I've seen in a puzzle.  Their photos are beautiful and the pieces fit together perfectly.  You really do get what you pay for.  I like the smaller ones better because the larger ones are just too overwhelming, but other than that, this is perfect.
This puzzle is beautiful and the pieces fit together extremely well.  Once the puzzle was built, I tried to pull the pieces apart to see how much "play" there was in the pieces.  I could barely budge the puzzle, the fit was so tight.  Even though the fit is tight, the pieces go together readily, making this puzzle a joy to build.  None of the pieces were so close to another piece that it was possible to confuse one piece for another, making assembly challenging, but doable.The picture is bright and sharp, and well worth the wait to get the puzzle together.  Indeed, the hardest part of building this puzzle may be tearing it apart at the end.Ravensburger may well be the gold standard with respect to puzzles.  Their puzzles cost more than many competitor puzzles, but the beauty and quality of the puzzles are such that, as long as you keep all the pieces, the puzzles may be built again and again, and then passed on to future generations.Enjoy!
This is my favorite LANDSCAPE puzzle within the Ravensburger series thus far (our family has completed several). It captures a scene of an area of Germany that is so charming. The windmill, in particular, reminded us of a vacation we had to Tripsdrill amusement park in Cleebronn, Germany.The puzzle is a challenge without being dull. It wasn't too hard, nor too easy. It fits on a standard sized poster board with room to spare.  The landscape is "sunny" and interesting instead of boring and tedius. Same high Ravensburger quality...
My kids helped me pick out a few puzzles online and this was definitely one of the favorites.If you have never had Ravensburger puzzles before, you will be impressed by the quality of puzzle pieces and how well they stand up to wear (even from my 6 and 7 year olds!).Landscape puzzles are fun but are a bit more of a challenge, so I did have to help them (of course, it was not for MY enjoyment, hee hee). So this was a huge hit (in spite of the large 1000 pieces) with my 6-10 year old crowd of kiddos.  So it holds the attention of children with it's beautiful picture and my husband and I enjoyed doing it as well. Highly recommend!
We really love the Ravensburger puzzles.  These puzzles are made in Germany and have the same high quality you would expect from German products.  Puzzles are a load of fun and we love the great European scenes.
This is the perfect sized puzzle for my wife and I. We often will work on a puzzle late at night after the kids go to bed in order to wind down. One thing I can't stand is puzzle where pieces will fit multiple places... to me, it's a sign of poor quality. This puzzle had none... all the pieces connect sharp and precisely. The picture is somewhat matted, so there's little glare on the pieces, however I found the surface to be unusual. Most puzzles we do have a smooth surface, but this one did not. Looking at the surface, it looked like more of a fine canvas texture (possibly a design to reduce glare further?). It doesn't hinder the experience at all.The only 'complaint' with the puzzle itself I could think of is that although the pieces fit together precisely, they aren't too snug. I usually will work on small sections and then move the sections to the main puzzle, however sections that were only 3-4 pieces thick did not hold together tightly enough to be simply picked up (like I can do with other puzzles). Instead, I have to slide a piece of paper under them for transporting. A minor complaint though.I do have one complaint about the set that is worth mentioning... when we first opened the box, and the bag of puzzle pieces, and dumped them onto our glass table, we were shocked to find a few strange 'bugs' or 'puzzle mites' crawling around as we sorted through the pieces. They were incredibly small, and would probably never be noticed if it weren't for our dark-tinted glass table (they were light-colored). We noticed them again for the next two days shortly after reopening the box, but we have not seen them since. Maybe 12-15 in all. We have never seen such a thing with any puzzle before (and we've done a lot of puzzles), and we've done Ravensburger puzzles as well, so we're not deterred by the experience. We've just figured it was a fluke...
Ravensburger's Windmill Country 1000 Piece Puzzle makes a generous 27x20 inch puzzle on completion.My husband and I keep a puzzle-in-progress on our dining room table, and we're usually pleased when it's a Ravensburger.  We look for a puzzle that's challenging enough to keep us occupied and give us a sense of accomplishment when we finish it.  And, thanks in part to all that nice blue sky, this puzzle was certainly that.Over the years we've come to appreciate puzzles that have clear guide pictures (this one is 12x8.5 inches and is sharply printed). The puzzle pieces are easy to work with. The cardboard is heavy, the colors clear and glare-free, and the cut sharp.  The pieces interlock well and each piece fits in only once place (hurray!).The box is wrapped in plastic and the puzzle pieces come in a plastic bag.  All should be present (at least on Day One).Ravensburger puzzles are consistently reliable.  And for us, 1000 pieces seem to be the right size to entertain and not burden.
I got this awhile ago, but only recently finished a puzzle so I could try it!It works pretty well. I like it better than other puzzle glues I've used in the past. The sponge applicator works well and the glue dries nice and clear without discoloring the puzzle.Now, I just hope the can doesn't dry out from disuse before I finish another puzzle ...
I really like this puzzle glue. At first it was hard to know exactly how much to use though. The instructions were kind of vague.This glue has almost a water like consistency. It is definitely not thick like regular white glue or Mod Podge I have used in the past to glue my puzzles.I really liked how easy this glue is to use. It has a built in sponge applicator which makes application a breeze. I found that using 2 coats worked best. The finished results are great. It dries nice and clear with no murky film on the puzzle.
This is magic in a bottle as far as my 10-year old and 9-year old sons are concerned. After all the time and effort they pour into a 1000-piece puzzle, the most disheartening thing we could do is take the jigsaw puzzle apart and put it back in the box.We glue and frame our jigsaw puzzles. They decorate our hallway and our sons' room.We've used our Puzzle Conserver from Ravensburger on two 1000-piece puzzles so far. Each came out glossy and clean (the glue is colorless). We still have half a bottle left.The biggest caution is putting something between the puzzle and your table (kitchen, living room table, whatever). We used newspaper for the first puzzle but wax paper worked better on the second puzzle. Also remember to rinse out the sponge applicator so it doesn't get crusty.Rating: Five stars.DISCLOSURE: This review is courtesy of the Amazon Vine program, which provides products at no cost in exchange for my independent and unbiased feedback. My objective is to test and review products fairly, providing you with helpful information that improves your shopping experience. This product review was not sponsored or paid for in any way by the manufacturer or an agent working on their behalf.
My 5 year old son has recently gotten into doing puzzles.  I thought it would be great to try this out on one of his puzzles and he loved the idea of hanging his puzzle on the wall.  We've only done it with one puzzle so far, but I wanted to see how durable it would be.  We put the conserver on the puzzle a week ago, it's a 2 foot by 3 foot puzzle.  After we made sure all the cracks in the puzzle were properly sealed we let it dry for a couple of hours, laid out on the table.  It was super easy to do, he did a lot of it by himself with me just sitting with him and making sure he was getting all the spots.After it was dry I picked the puzzle up and it came up all in one piece!  Good start!  I stood the puzzle up against his toybox and it was still standing there the next morning, completely intact.  We couldn't find one of the pieces of the puzzle so we just put it all together without that piece and when we do find that piece we'll just put the puzzle conserver over that part and let it dry.  In the meantime we have a few more puzzles to do if he wants to hang those up, too!  This stuff is really cool and it makes my little guy happy to see his puzzle that he put together all by himself hanging on his wall!Update 1/20/2013The puzzle is still together and has now been hanging on the wall (we found the missing piece) since we completed it a week after the original review.  I only used a Command sticky hanger put that on the back of the puzzle.  It's stuck right up over his bed and we have had no problems with anything coming loose!
Just a I prefer Ravensburger puzzles, I also prefer the Puzzle Conserver manufactured by Ravensburger.  White as it leaves the bottle, it dries clear.  I always protect my tabletop from the adhesive from staining by lining it with either plastic or sheets of paper.  The plastic tablecloths from a dollar store work great for this purpose and most often can be reused.  They are large enough to either cut to size or simply fold to the correct size with care.  I also find it beneficial to use a great light so that I can see the thin coat which I apply as opposed to a thicker coat that some generate.  It's also helpful to rinse the sponge applicator in running water and I also seal the bottle in a plastic bag for security.  I highly recommend this conserver to those who enjoy saving their assembled puzzles.
I love puzzles and anyone who wants to keep the puzzle will need some kind of glue. This puzzle conserver is something you apply on top of the puzzle. It goes on white and dries glossy. What's more important is that it comes with an applicator that is easy to use, much better than a pot of glue and a brush! Highly recommended for puzzle lovers!
This is very easy to apply to a puzzle. It has a spongy top to help apply smoothly across the puzzle. It dries clear. I would recommend a couple of coats to make sure that it got completely covered. It does a nice job and dries clear. It allows you to keep and frame a puzzle. After doing all that work, it would be nice to enjoy it for a while.
I wanted to try this because I have a Ravensburger puzzle (the New York Taxi puzzle) that I wanted to frame. It works well and does the job.To use this product you should first place something underneath the puzzle to protect the surface beneath from excess adhesive.  You then shake the puzzle conserver and turn it upside down and the adhesive comes out though the sponge. It takes few moments to figure out how much adhesive to apply.  The instructions say to make sure sure the crevices are covered. You then wait an hour for it to dry. Once done you need to run the sponge under cold water.This product allows you to lightly apply the adhesive. This is simple to use but like anything new it takes a little adjustment in knowing how much adhesive is enough. I did repeat the process the first time over a couple of spots on my puzzle.Once done I put the puzzle in a frame and hung it on my wall and it looks great.
I was skeptical about doing this to our puzzle, but after working on it for so long, we decided to take a chance to preserve it and turn it into wall art.  It worked great, and was much easier than I expected.  It wasn't messy at all.  The only challenging part is making sure that you really get it into all the crevices, but since it goes on white that isn't too hard, just time consuming.  Once dry, it is perfectly clear and slightly glossy.I think that you will be pleased with this puzzle glue.
I've never used a Puzzle Conserver until I used this product.  I'm a puzzle freak and I do puzzles quite frequently.  There's been many times over the years that I've made comments about how I wish I could save the puzzles and hang or do something with but for whatever reason I never thought about getting anything like this.Now that I have this I've started conserving some of my favorites.  Now I just need to figure out how to hang them or figure out what else I want to with them.The product is easy to use and it goes a long way.  The finished product is clean and doesn't leave any bumps or anything that's unappealing.I think this is a great product and I would recommend it.
Before I got this stuff I usedPlaid Mod Podge CS11223 4-Ounce Puzzle Saverto "glue" my completed puzzles together. And it did work fairly well, although it struggled to hold larger puzzles together and often created a white-ish finish. Ravensburger, however always seems to solve the problems that arise during puzzle-making. The applicator here is easy to use and it comes out in a foam for easy application. Simply apply a thin coat, allow to dry (it dries on very clear) and voil&agrave;! You have a firmly glued puzzle that won't crumble when you try to move it and will look beautiful framed.Rinse the applicator brush immediately so you can use the rest of the generously-sized bottle on your other beautiful puzzles! Considering this bottle is about the same price as Mod Podge and other brands, I say why not go for the best? So far Ravensburger has never let me down.
Absolutely a must-have for kiddos.  My son loves the animal sounds and songs it plays, and even makes a game out of mismatching the animals to hear it say "that's silly!"  If you match the animals correctly, it tells you fun facts about each animal and plays its sound.This has been a very durable set, and unlike some kids' toys, the music is pretty fun, not annoying.
This toy is one of the ones I'd rate a must have for young kids. My toddler children could not get enough of magnets and bath toys. This magnet toy is just so much fun. In fact, even though my children have long since out grown this toy, it has stayed on the fridge and they still play with it once in a while.One thing I like about this toy, a lot, is that it doesn't say 'oh no, that is wrong'. IF you put a horse and a cow part together it says 'what do you get? A horse cow?' The kids laugh and do it again.Well worth the money.Enjoy.
I got this for my son around 10 months; right as he was starting to walk.  He loved playing with the pieces, although he had some trouble sticking them in the right place.Mostly he liked to listen to the music and bop up and down to it.  Really this has been a fun toy for him.I find the toy funny too.  When you mix up the animal parts the toy will say "A Horse-Pig?  Ah, that's silly" and giggle.  It sends my little boy into fits of laughter every time.He still plays with it at 18 months.  Only now he knows the names of the animals and switches the pieces in and out so fast that the songs never get to finish before he's on to something new.Great toy.  I also own the letter fridge set and that is also a great buy.
My 18 month old daughter received this as a gift and she loves it.  The song is very catchy and she loves switching the animals around to get different sounds etc.  Now, if only I could get her to keep the extra magnets on the fridge instead of throwing them around the kitchen!  The pieces are the perfect size for little hands and they have the perfect level of magnetism.  Great product!!
My 17 month old son loves this toy! He got it for his first birthday but didn't really start paying attention to it until recently. I took it off the fridge since he's so rarely in the kitchen, and just give it to him to play with on the living room floor. He can't get enough! I absolutely agree with the first reviewer about how it notices mismatches as a goofy new animal and not as being wrong. A great toy for children that allows them to be silly and imaginative, but also learn at the same time.
I bought this when my son was just starting to crawl. He liked to reach up at the animal halves. As he grew he notices he could put the shapes inside the "barn" I still like to play with him between cooking moments and make up silly animals. (the song will say you put a cow in frount, you put a pig behind, put them together and what do you find? A cowpig? That's silly" but if you put the match correctly it teaches you a little about the animal. Fun for the Kitchen.
Of all the gifts my daughter received this Christmas, she loves her magnetic Leap Frog Fridge Farm the most. She stands in front of the fridge dancing to the music and laughing/squealing and cries when she has to leave the toy.The music and speaking voice are pleasant (and usually are from Leap Frog, in our experience) and not overly loud. It's light enough that she can take it off the fridge and carry it around but heavy enough so it stays in place. If I had another magentized surface, like a desk or interior door, I would buy another for her.I bought this as a distraction so I could do work in the kitchen. She enjoys playing with the toy more than opening cupboards and she's so transfixed by it that she stays in one place where I can watch her.She is also younger than the recommended age; my daughter is 16 mo. and I find the toy we have to be perfectly safe and age-appropriate for her use.
My daughter played with this toy for abt 5 months, i.e. between 12-17 months, before she got tired of it. The toy itself is an excellent learning tool, it teaches matching, the sounds made by different animals and the animal names. The child gets positive reinforcement every time he/she gets the matching parts right, and the song that accompanies the toy is pleasing and not annoying. All in all, a great toy, but I think its meant more for kids between 1 to 2.
I read several reviews before ordering the adult version of this game instead of the junior version.  We played this game with my 6 and 8 year old daughters.  They quite enjoyed it.  My 4 year old wasn't able to do the cards though and the speed of the turns didn't allow me to work as a team with him.  One reviewer said her 4 year old played the game--but my son definitely couldn't.Pros:  Critical thinking, challenging for both adults and kids, not too long, durable pieces, involves both skill and luck, easy for kids to understandCons:  None.  My girls did knock down the blocks pretty forcefully though when starting the next card, so I would recommend playing it on the floor or on a table that can take a beating.If you're looking for a fun family game, I'd definitely recommend this one.  I do think that if you had more than 4 people playing, it would feel like it was a long time between your turns though.  I'm so glad to add this game to our family collection!
What a fun game! Roll the die, set the timer to the number rolled, pick a card, & build the corresponding picture with the 10 wooden building blocks before the timer goes off. I play a modified version with my 4 yo. We ignore the timer and have fun building what's on the pic. Great for hand eye coordination and fine motor skills. Develops logical thinking and patience. We also enjoy just using the blocks to teach addition and subtraction.  The wood is sturdy and the colors are bright. We love it!
My kids LOVE this game and so do I!  It requires thought and hand eye coordination, while still being fun.  My middle daughter has some learning disabilities and this game is great for her.  The basic premise of the game is to pick a card, build the figure on the card with the correct colors before the timer goes off.  My older daughter is 11 and is probably approaching the age where some kids might find it "boring," but she still wants to play it when offered.  I'm very pleased with this simple, yet fun and educational game.
What a great family game or a super exciting indoor recess game for school.  My family (ages 6, 10, 37, and 39) love to play this.  Any friend my children has had over to play requests this game to their parents when they return home.  It's simple and fun!  The organized box includes 10 building blocks, a timer ticking per the number you rolled & a card showing you what to build in that time. Basically it involves flipping a card and building the structure on the card.  You get tokens as you build.  Specifically: roll a die, set a timer, pull an object card, build! Total the points for builds, switch players, and do it all again three more times. A typical game lasts about 15-25 minutes.  My 10 year old is a big fan of building with Legos; thus this was right up his alley.  My six-year-old daughter enjoys playing this game with her big brother.  What a great gift this will make for their friends or for the classroom.  I envision this also being used in a children's therapy session to work on fine motor skills.
The idea behind this game is about as simple as it gets.  Set the timer, flip a card, and use the blocks to build the structure shown on that card.  When you're done, move to the next card and repeat until the timer goes off.  And it's that simplicity that makes this such a perfect game for the whole family.My wife and I play this with our five and eight-year-old daughters, and everyone enjoys the game.  You're supposed to roll the dice to figure out how much time each player gets on their turn, but for those with young kids (like us) you can simply allow the kids more time to level the playing field a little.  It's a great way to teach kids some fine motor skills, and to improve their spatial awareness.  And even for those of us who are well beyond childhood, the game is incredibly enjoyable.  It's a great way to stay sharp, and to work on dexterity.The only possible improvement is one I've seen mentioned by others, and that would be the addition of some more "advanced" cards for those who find the game too easy after repeated plays.  If some additional blocks and those advanced game cards were available, it would make for a nice next step up for advanced players.  Regardless, this is a great game for the whole family.
Ravensburger's "Make `N' Break" is a game that everyone can enjoy.  Recommended for ages 8 and older, this is a game everyone will be challenged by and will enjoy.  Fast paced and involving active participation, "Make `N' Break" requires no reading skills and is a game that adults can also play with younger children as soon as the child is able to understand taking turns.Constructed of high quality materials, "Make `N' Break" should last through hours of play.  The colorful wooden building blocks are smoothly finished and evenly painted.  The wooden die, rather than a plastic one, is a nice touch.  Sturdy cardboard scoring tokens and building cards complete the components of this game that are actively used in play.  Even the box which contains "Make `N' Break" is constructed of sturdy cardboard and is finished nicely.A plastic timer may be the one weak point of this game.  Not only does the timer make a most annoying grinding noise as it "counts" down, but it does not always tick off the same amount of time with each use.  Attempts at checking the timer with a stopwatch yielded various results when starting at either "1" or "2" and only on "3" were the results somewhat consistent since the timer had a stopping point at that number.  At the other two designations, the timekeeper had to try to stop the arrow on the appropriate line.  I recommend using a kitchen timer to prevent competitive individuals from arguing they did not have the same amount of time to build that their opponent had.  Based on my experience, the times for building are about 60 seconds if one rolls "3," 45 seconds for a "2," and 30 seconds for a "1".Ravensburger's "Make `N' Break" is a game you should consider for yourself as well as for others who like playing "old fashioned" games.  Those who enjoy game nights with family or friends will want to add "Make `N' Break" to their game collection.
Ravensburger has done it again! Make 'N'Break is a terrific family game for all ages. the games recommends ages 8 and up, but we play with grandkids much younger than that. Everyone enjoys building the stuctures. The laughter is contagious and the adults are the ones who want to play on and on.I cannot understand why Ravensburger is not as well publicized as other games companies. Their puzzles are top notch and their games are well thought out, fun for multiple ages and interesting.Give this for the next gift giving event and stay to play!!!
Both my boys loved this game.  Having the timer makes it more exciting. The dice roll decides the time, so there is some chance to it.  The blocks are solid wood and very sturdy.  It is a simple yet fun game that I even enjoyed playing.  I had two small complaints though but they aren't worthy of knocking off any stars.  1) the arrow on the timer knobs is very hard to see, and 2) The video that is depicted with this set, is for a completely different set, so my sons initially had a bit of dissapointment that there were no prongs to pick up and build the blocks with, as were shown in the video. They got past it though and thoroughly loved this game.
This Make 'N' Break game is a lot of fun. The basic premise is that you assemble a figure made of colored blocks based on a picture on cards. The range of structures goes from simple to quite complicated, and there are some that need to have colors match up and others where just getting blocks in the right arrangement is sufficient. The game is also timed, to add some intensity to it. I found that my five-year-olds have had a really fun time with it (and my two-year-old can even play a long a bit as well). First, as a general comment, the basic game is fun enough for adults to enjoy. It makes for a pretty quick play, but I could even see doing it with only adults. But where this game really shines is with kids. It is very easy to modify the rules to suit the level your kids are at. For instance, the first time we played, we didn't have them match colors, but only get blocks in the right arrangement, and I pulled out the most difficult cards so they only had easier structures to build. Plus we each only did one structure per turn, so there wasn't much time pressure. But the second time we played, we added the color-matching in, and they took it right in stride. Likewise, we've now added the roll of the dice so they may get less time to build (when we've played, I've always taken the shortest amount of time on the timer, to help make it more fair), and we've even made the transition to building as many structures as you can during your time limit. It's been fun to watch their coordination and balancing skills develop. Some of the more difficult structures must be built in just the right order for the various blocks to couterbalance to avoid the whole structure falling apart while you're building, and it's been great to watch them work this problem out as they build. There can occasionally be some frustration when they run out of time or have trouble with a structure, but that's a good learning experience too. In all, this is a really fun family game that is well built and thoughtfully done. I highly recommend it.
The reason this game interested me was because it was one the whole family could enjoy.  Both my kids (8 and 5) enjoy math and puzzle games and I really liked that this game helps reinforce logical and spatial reasoning.  The nice thing about this game is that it has different levels of difficulty so the whole family can play.  The game says 8+, but my 5 year old does fine with the game.  We really enjoy this game.
There are so many things I like about this game. It's great for the family, because adults don't have any sort of strategic advantage over kids. I've played with my 8-year-old son several times, and our results have been pretty even.It says ages 8 and up, but I think younger kids could definitely play. There are cards worth 1, 2 or 3 points, and if you took out the cards that are 3 points, a younger child would do just fine.What makes Ravensburger stand out as a game producer is the sturdiness and durability -- not only in the cards and game pieces, but even the 5s and 10s are a very sturdy cardboard that I think will hold up (they are used to keep score, which is honestly another bonus -- not needing to grab pen and paper to start). There is also a perfect place to store everything in the box, AND the box itself is sturdy.
It's usually hard to find a game that we can play with our 7 year old, either it's really boring/easy for the adults or too hard for our son.  With this game we've finally found one that we all enjoy.  My son does get frustrated sometimes when he gets less time then we do, but it's random and just part of the game.  We all found it fun racing to build what we could and just had a good time playing.  I would recommend this game to family, especially if you have a kid(s) that enjoy blocks and building, it will get them more into the game.
This game really gets back to basics!  No fancy electronics.  No lights or music.  Just a bunch of colored blocks, a timer and cards challenging you to build what you see with the blocks.  I wasn't sure how this would fly, but after the first round with a 7 and 10 year old - we had SUCCESS!  Total absorption in the game and a ton of fun.  Round two, with a 7, 9 and 11 year old went just as well. (oh yeah - both rounds had their 40-something parents having just as much fun!).  Everyone loves building against the clock.  After initial concerns about the "randomness" of how much time you get to build (based on a roll of the die), and how some cards are harder to build than others, everyone saw that this generally makes the game more interesting.  Sometimes you can get more points with 1 slice of time than you can with 3 - it depends on the cards you get and how well you do.  One warning - it is a NOISY game if you are playing on a hard surface (which you sort of have to for balance).  The blocks crashing down to start the next structure as quickly as possible is fun to kids - but can get tiresome after a while!A high recommendation for sure!
This game is unbelievably simple to learn: roll a die, set a timer, turn over a card and start building.  After opening the box, my 5 and 7-year-old and I were playing in less than 5 minutes.  The beauty of this game is that you can play it according to the rules or make some modifications to play with younger children.  You may want to give children under the age of 8 more time to build, or the easier cards. Likewise, adults playing with children need less time or more challenges.  I see this as a game that becomes even more fun to play as my kids get older.Because there's an element of luck in rolling the die and shuffling the cards, no two games are ever alike.  You only play 4 rounds to determine a winner, so games are long enough to be fun, but not so long that they're frustrating or tiring.An excellent game for learning how to copy patterns build from a plan.  Like any good educational game, it's makes learning fun.
I was a little skeptical at first.  I tend to love the classic board games.  But this was actually really fun!  It was original and interactive.  And even my husband, who really hates board games of all varieties, seemed to enjoy it!This is a great family game and would be an awesome addition to any family game night.  I think it would also make an excellent family gift, so long as the children in the family are old enough.I would highly recommend this game!
This is a fun family game that emphasizes the physical as well as the mental.  You put things together and how much time you have depends on the roll of the dice.  And, there are enough pieces and variations of the moves that it will stay fresh for a long time without the family getting tired of it.
This is the perfect family game. It is easy enough for all ages, yet challenging enough to be fun for the adults as well as the kids. You pick a card, then you have try to build what you see on the card with the colored blocks provided, within a certain amount of time. It is not so hard that younger players can not play, yet it is not so easy that it bores adults. Each game does not take so long that you save the game for "later", yet if you have the time it will certainly keep the whole family engaged for hours. You can have as little as two and as many as four players and this is good too. Some games in which you need four players end up played less often. The fact that you are timed makes it more of a challenge of course, but it also adds to the excitement. As the timer is about to go off the players start to get excited, nervous, and sometimes loud! It is interesting to see that it's a matter of perception and hand eye coordination and sometimes the youngest player can easily beat an older one. You have to be good at being able to see something, and replicate it, and work well under pressure. I find that it helps children and adults work on these skills that can be quite important, yet work as an equalizer to make the game fun.
I am a parent that LOVES playing this game, because it's pretty uncomplicated without being annoying. It's challenging without being bogged-down by strategy and too many rules. I never thought I'd like anything other than the simple, classic games that I played as a kid. This is the game that I choose over others to play with my children. It's built well, helps with hand-eye coordination and I don't have to write down the points accrued.Each person takes a turn rolling a die that is  1, 2 or 3 to show which setting the timer will start (1 is the least, with three being the highest). There's a start and stop button on the timer. You hold the "stop" button down and turn to the correct numbered setting (arrow on setting is the same color, only raised-I think I will put a dot of white-out on it to enable us to see this better, to avoid dispute of whether it was set on the right number).Next, player flips over a card and "start" button is pressed to begin the countdown. You must arrange 10 thick blocks (much thicker and larger than Jenga blocks) of different colors in a formation determined by the picture on the card. Some cards show all-white blocks, so are their arrangements are naturally easier, since you don't have to place those by color.Once you arrange a correct pattern, you draw another card and build new structure as fast as you can. Your objective is to form as many configurations as you can before the timer runs out.At the sound of the buzzer, you count up the different numbers on the cards (1 being easiest-3 being for the harder structures). You are awarded cardboard "coins" for each point, then the next person takes a turn. Everyone gets four turns before tabulating the total coins each one has-the person with the most points wins.I cannot praise this game enough-it's really fun for the ENTIRE family. The point assignment based on difficulty makes it easier to tailor the game for smaller kids by removing the harder cards (the 3s) or giving the 3s to the adults, 2s to the slightly older kids and adjusting or eliminating the scoring altogether.We appreciate that every aspect of this game appears to be well-made. The "coins" are heavy carboard and even the box is the thickest, most durable box I have EVER seen for a boardgame-very impressive, since I really don't like how the other ones we have tend to split at a corner or two after some time is spent opening and closing.I don't forsee getting tired of this game at all. I was talking to my son about how it reminds me of playing Tetris in a way, until he showed me another Ravensburger game on Amazon that appears to be an even greater challenge (for those who want that), and is even MORE like Tetris:Ravensburger Make 'N' Break Extreme Family GameAnyway, this is simply great fun and not too hard or frustrating to enjoy over and over with various ages.
What is it?This is a game consisting of 10 different colored wooden blocks (all rectangles), a deck of cards, a die, cardboard "coins", a timer, and instruction booklet. The object of the game is to draw cards randomly and build the structures pictured on them as fast as you can.How do you play?You have to first roll the die. You will roll a 1, 2, or 3 (there are no higher numbers) and that roll determines how far you set the timer (3 having the most time.) You draw a card from a facedown pile, and someone starts the timer. You then begin to build. Each card is different. Some are harder than others. The easiest ones are worth 1 point and get progressively harder to a point-value of 3. If you complete your structure, you can then "break it" and quickly build another. And another. Until the timer stops. Some cards are printed in color, so you have to replicate that, and other cards are just gray so you can choose any color block you want to build the structure. When the timer stops, you then count how many points you have accrued from cards you have completed and you get that many "coins." The next player in turn then rolls the die and sets the timer. Play continues until all players have had 4 turns. The one with the most "coins" wins.Is it fun?YES!!! It is face paced and exciting. Even if you are not the one building, it is fun to watch the builder. Especially when he draws a card that seems particularly difficult. They growl and the rest of the players laugh! ha ha!!  I worried that someone would have to judge "correctness" of the structure, and that is true, but it is pretty obvious if the structure is wrong. Someone will shout it out ("No, there is supposed to be a YELLOW one on the bottom!") I suppose you could get very particular with spacing and such, but we were happy if 1) the colors matched  2) it stood, and 3) if the design was the same. If one was slightly askew or spaced a little closer or farther than the picture, we didn't care.Problems? Improvements?I thought the coins could have been nicer. I mean, they were just cardboard that you had to punch out of a sheet. "Ones" and bigger "tens." Nice cardboard...but still. I wish they would have been plastic poker-like chips. And we could have used "nickels" not just pennies and dimes. We may replace these (or even play with real pennies, nickles and dimes...good money practice for little ones!!)Also, the timer seemed like it could have been improved. The first round we played we didn't even set it correctly. The dial handle itself isn't the pointer, but there is a small (same color) line on the dial that you align to the correct number. We didn't see that at first. And it is difficult to ensure that you are aligning a "2" for one player to the same space as the last player. Maybe if it clicked or the pointer were easier to see or something. Or if each number (1, 2 and 3) had their own dial that went the whole way. We made the same person set the timer for everyone so we knew it was pretty close. And it doesn't "ding!" It stops with an audible last "click" but we all were expecting a "ding!" ha ha! I guess if you had particular people, you could set the timer on your phone for a set time (I got about 40 seconds for a dial set "1", 55 for "2", and 1.10 for a "3". )The blocks themselves were nice. Our "purple" block looked more like navy blue to me, but our room isn't that well lit. It was fine though because even though it threw us slightly to pick it out of the pile, no one had an advantage over another person.  We played on the floor. I didn't really want those blocks pounding into my dining room table. Mommy wanted to sit on the carpet though :) so we just built our structures right on the lid of the box. That worked fine (and was less noisy than those blocks crashing down over and over and over.)My kids are young teenagers so they really had no problem building any of the designs. I REALLY loved that it has few rules...those games with 15 pages of complicated rules drive me crazy! It is nice that you roll a die and get different times. This helps balance out a player who may have a little less skill in building by having luck giving him a little more time. I do think if you have a child that is much younger (say 7-10 or less), the rules should be altered to let that child only build the level "one" cards" or to have even more time.I think it is educational in some ways...you have to think quickly to see colors and orientations and transfer 2 dimensional drawings to a 3d structure quickly.  That is brain work. Not difficult problem solving, but eye-hand-brain speed-based communication. There is a little physics here and there (like realizing you need to put a block on TOP of another one before you let it go to keep it from falling), but it isn't that geometric or architectural. There are no slants or anything, just stacking.ConclusionI really like the game. It is simple to learn and play. It moves fast and you don't have to invest an hour or more to finish it. The look-place-move fast! nature of it reminds me of something likePerfection, but has a competitive nature to it (other than just beating the timer of another player.) I also would like if additional decks were available for purchase. It would also be nice to have replacement blocks offered. I might like to by an additional set so we could change the game slightly and have building races!
This is a good family game. The recommended age is 8+, but my grandsons, 5 and 7, both enjoyed it. My husband and I did too. The boys love to build things, they're big Lego fans, and this game was perfect for them. It's well made. Two thumbs up.
We have a closet full of games that get pulled out occasionally, but since we received Make n Break they're all just gathering dust. This game is SO. MUCH. FUN!My kids read the directions and in five minutes had it set up and were playing on their own. It comes with about 10 differently colored rectangular building blocks, a stack of cards, a timer, and cardboard chips with point values on them. Easy set up, easy clean up, which is always a bonus.You simply roll the dice to see how long your turn will be, set the timer to that amount, and then when the time starts you flip over the top card and attempt to build the structure pictured on the card. Sometimes they are easy, with only three blocks, and sometimes they are towers of balancing craziness that send the builder into a frenzy trying to complete it. If you finish the first card and don't make any mistakes (the other players are watching carefully to make sure) you knock it all down and grab another card and build what's on it, continuing until the time runs out. However many cards you complete gives you your points for the round and you get a token that represents how many points you have. Whoever has the most points at the end of four rounds wins.The instructions say that a game is four rounds, but you could set any number of rounds that you wish. The instructions also say it's for 2-4 players, but I see no reason why you couldn't play with as many people as you want. We frequently play with 5 to 6 people and it just makes the game last a little longer. And lastly, the instructions say it's for ages 8 and up, but my 5-year-old plays happily with us and we just give him a little handicap on the points. It's rare to find a game that adults and kindergarteners can equally enjoy, but Make n'Break does it.My only complaint is that the crash of pushing over the tower of blocks is so loud my husband and I can't have Make 'N' Break tournaments after the kids are in bed.
My kids were already familiar with Ravensburger Make'N'Break Family Game before we played it at home. Apparently one of their teachers has it in her classroom and I can see why.Make 'N'Break:-rules are easy to follow and explain-took under 30 minutes for a family of 5 to play.-builds hand-eye coordination-builds dexterity-is fun for both boys and girls (But I have to admit that my Lego loving boy was a bit more enthusiastic about this game then my girls)-parts are made wellThe product description says that game is for 8 and up. However, I think you can modify this game for children even a little younger, perhaps 5-6.
I love this game!  My husband and I are competitive and he can't seem to dethrone the reigning champion... :)  Our kids are aged 10, 8 and 6 and get in on the competition as well.  It is a very simple set up with virtually no rules.  There is a small timer where you roll the single die and see if you will get to put the timer on the 1,2 or 3 (3 being the longest time).  Someone mans the mini timer and you pick cards off the top of the deck and build the image.  Sometimes you must match the brick colors and other times it will be easy because you can stack any colors; just match the shapes.  The object of the game is to quickly build the shapes accordingly and move to the next card.  Each shape will have a point value.  When the timer dings for your round, an adult can add up all the cards that you have completed.  Then you receive chips in your amount to hold until the end of the game.  It is simple but such fun and it gets your mind working.Our 6 year old was able to play along.  At times he would get frustrated and nervous but he was still able to play along.Highly recommend because the whole family can play and it can be a short or long game.  Finally, it makes your mind work.  This can be taken to adult parties.  Virtually no set up and simple rules.  It's a hit for all!!
My father and my wife and obsessed with puzzles.  In fact, most of our family vacations consist of my mother and I trying desperately to peel my wife and father away from the living room table and their spread of intricate pieces so that we can actually do something with them.  So, against my better judgment, I decided to get this puzzle.  It just looked like a fun challenge for them.  I mean, it is basically one solid color (with lots of subtle variants) and so I knew it would keep them consumed.  Needless to say, they LOVE this, my father especially.  I love the photo.  It has such a crisp and nostalgic feel to it, and I love the vintage allure, but this is all about the challenge and it certainly poses a great one.  The quality here is impeccable.  The pieces are perfectly made, expertly cut and they make for a unified complete product.  They fit together with ease, no gaps or squeezes to be found.  In all honesty, I'm not sure I'd buy another brand now that I've seen how superior Ravensburger puzzles really are.
We are a holiday-time puzzle family.  We always bring one to the beach, and we do one over Christmas break & one over Thanksgiving.  We LOVE Ravensburger puzzles!  And this one does not disappoint.  Like all Ravensburgers, the pieces are well cut, with a good fit and a smooth sturdy feel.We found this little devil to be especially challenging!  It's 1000 pieces, and it's not just B&W;, it's many many shades of gray.  It took us over a week to finish.  But we did it, which felt great, and we enjoyed it except for when we wanted to beat our heads against the wall.BOTTOM LINE: Great brand, great puzzle, but no walk in the park.
This puzzle was a pleasant surprise for me. I knew it was going to be a challenge because it's all in black and white. However, it's a fun way for me to pass time by working on it a little at a time whenever my baby is taking a nap. I've been working on it on and off for two weeks and I have the easy parts done: the border, all of the men and what they are sitting on, and the rope. I've only just started an the sky and buildings, which are the parts that will require the most effort. The parts are very well made and this is a top notch quality puzzle.
This puzzle is of the famous photo, "Lunch Atop A Skyscraper, 1932". The first time that I saw this photo, my hands were sweating because, there the men are sitting in an I beam. There are no visible safety apparatus to keep them from plummeting to their death. Perhaps because they used to it, they were casually lighting a cigarette or smoking or chatting with their neighbors.The pieces are extremely well made. I measured a piece; it was 1/16 inch thick.  Previous puzzles that I have were made by other companies and the pieces are half as tick. That extra thickness makes durability and a firmer lock between the pieces. In fact, when I turned some of the pieces that I had put together, it looked like it had not been cut. I love the blue backing on this puzzle because; it would much more difficult to separate the gray of the backing from the gray of the puzzle. The puzzle was the same size as the description indicated. I have had puzzles that turned out to be smaller or larger. That is annoying when it is larger because you have to move it to a larger surface.The pieces are precisely cut. Without that you have the problem of "Is this supposed to be there or not". There are a large variety of shapes. Nothing makes a puzzles boring than just having a few different puzzle shapes.Personally, I would rate the difficulty as a 9 on a scale of 1 to 10 because of lack of color. The men on the I beam and the pulley ropes keep it from being a 10. I have never done it before I am tempted to glue this puzzle to a surface and hang it. I would not be tempted to put it together more than once because of the difficulty.This was my first Ravensburger puzzle even though I regularly do puzzles for fun. I am very impressed with the quality and want to buy them again but not in such a high difficulty level.
Ravensburger is my favorite brand of puzzle.  The one thing in particular that I like is that you usually know when you've made a good fit.  Other puzzle brands often have a couple of maybe fits and I think this is a quality control issue.This particular puzzle is quite challenging because the majority of the puzzle looks about the same.  You have to really pay attention to subtlety or be persistent.  This is approximately a two-three day puzzle for the three people in my family that do them together.I like that this is an historically interesting puzzle that leads to a lot of pleasant conversation.  Usually, when we do puzzles, there are people from two or three generations participating, and I love the ones that allow this kind of conversation about how much society has changed in the last century.  It's an awesome photograph that I'm sure most readers are familiar with, and I enjoyed the renewed focus on it that only a 1000 piece puzzle requires.Well worth the money.
If you loves doing puzzles, this is a great brand to buy.  Each time we have purchased one, we have loved the sturdiness of the pieces and that they were clean cut.  I am not a fan of opening a puzzle box to find thin flimsy pieces that are poorly cut.  Each piece fit wonderfully in its place without the  "maybe it could go here" kind of questions.  Also, the scene was a challenge while not being impossible.
I haven't done a puzzle in ages! I loved this one! We had a great time putting it together as a family. I love the photo too. All the pieces were there.. easily snaps together. It took a few hours to put together, but we just rolled it up in a puzzle keeper mat when we weren't working on it. This would be great for a rainy weekend, or just to leave out on the coffee table when friends come over.
Photographed in 1932 by Charles C. Ebbets, Lunch Atop a Skyscraper is recognized worldwide as a split second in history, captured on black and white film.  I've studied the photographic image, so when offeredLunchtime 1932, NYC 1000 Piece Puzzle, I quickly completed the request for this item.  Knowing I had a few days before it would arrive, I struggled to completeA Bar At The Folies-Berg&eacute;res, Manet Jigsaw Puzzle 1000pcwhich had been on my puzzle board.  After fitting together darkly vivid colors and paint strokes on a better than expected jigsaw puzzle, Lunchtime 1932 was a sweet relief.  First of all, Ravensburger puzzles are consistently my favorites because of their high quality, variety of shapes, security of fit, and general image representation.  It's been awhile since I've assembled a black and white photo puzzle, so the first thing I did was pull out the good Verilux natural spectrum floor lamp in order to really differentiate between the shades of gray.  Working from the men on a beam first, I then moved to the muted sky and downtown buildings.  At 1000 perfect pieces, this puzzle doesn't take forever to complete, but it's one of the most difficult I've done and takes longer than one with more discernible images.  I spent some time looking for a face only to see that I was holding a piece of a hand upside down.  If you're an impatient person, this may not be to your liking, but I enjoyed the concentration and ability to really use my negative space perception.  It's a great puzzle of a photographic image that will be a classic after another 80 years.
It took 6 people 5 days to put this puzzle together. I usually do a couple of jigsaw puzzle a year so I am not unfamiliar with them but this Ravenburger is the most challenging puzzle I have put together.First of all the quality if like no other.  Very nicely cut strong pieces and easy to snap the pieces together.  The blue backing of the puzzle is very nice too.  As compared to other jigsaw puzzles, this one can be taken apart and put together again without any wear and tear to it.The puzzle was not worked on consistently but every time someone went past the puzzle, they just had to stop and try to get some pieces together.  This was a group effort and we had a lot of fun even though the puzzle was hard to put together, but we did it!  It was a cause for celebration after the last piece was fitted in!Would I purchase another Ravensburger puzzle?  Absolutely.  Great hours of fun, a good challenge for your mind and a nice family project.
I LOVE Ravensburger puzzles -- pieces are thick and sturdy and the picture is often educational.This picture is that famous 1932 photo of men eating lunch on a skyscraper beam in New York City. My kids thought it was fake, so we enjoyed looking up the historical photos and information about the original photo. They were amazed!
I hadn't done a jigsaw puzzle in years so this Ravensburger "Lunchtime 1932" puzzle was quite a pleasant surprise.  I chose it because I have always liked the photograph.The manufacturing quality is excellent, including the printing of the image, the paper, the beautiful blue paperboard backing, the crispness of the edges, even the sturdy box.  The pieces snap together in a very satisfying way.  There is no annoying paper dust in the corners of the box nor any raggedy edges.This puzzle is fairly difficult because it is black and white and the background is almost textural.  It took a while just to sort out the like pieces and put the edges and the foreground image of the men on the beam together, then the sky across the top, Central Park, and the buildings were noticeably more difficult.Each of the 1,000 pieces is different and some of the matches are fairly tricky with many deceptive near-matches.  The pieces are about 1" x 1 1/4" which is a nice size--any smaller and they would be hard to handle.  The finished puzzle is 27" x 20".The Ravensburger "Lunchtime 1932" would be a very nice gift for teenagers and adults but there are puzzles better suited for younger children.
My family has always enjoyed puzzles and we are beyond pleased with this one! Absolutely no complaints on quality. The pieces fit together ideally, smooth, not too tight, not too loose. The image quality is beautiful, not fuzzy like other puzzles I've seen. What a great piece of art for a puzzle too..the many, many shades of gray lend to a very challenging and satisfying puzzle! This one will fill many hours or evenings, so clear a good space to keep this one out. Fun, fun, fun!I will certainly be seeking out more premium Ravensburger puzzles in the future!
I have always been a fan of Ravensburger puzzles, and this new 1000 piece puzzle continues Ravensburger's trend as the leader in high quality high piece puzzle sets. This particular puzzle is extremely difficult to put together and I must say the difficulty lead to a very satisfying feeling upon completion. Since the puzzle is in black and white and the pieces are relatively small, I would definitely only recommend this puzzle to those with a great deal of patience who truly enjoy putting puzzles together. Overall though, very high quality and a great buy for puzzle enthusiasts of all ages.
Both my uncle and my father were in the construction industry in NYC/Brooklyn in the 1930's-40's. When I saw this, I remembered the stories I used to hear about how they would dangle from beams on the skyscraper construction. This puzzle is unique that it is in black and white (which is a new, unique challenge for me) and at the same time educational/inspirational for people of all ages. To see how our ancestors had to build the skyscrapers that we all take for granted today, before all the safety precautions of today, is eye-opening. I love puzzles and try to complete one every month or two. I am hooked on black and white now as it brings a whole new dimension to trying to match and fit pieces. I highly recommend this for everyone.
We have dozens of jigsaw puzzles in our house, and of all the brands, Ravensburger never disappoints. So I was happy to have a chance to review a Ravensburger for Vine, and talk them up!Compared to other brands, the cardboard is nice and heavy, the printing doesn't peel off as easily (we've taken them apart and put them back together, repeatedly) and each piece is slightly different, unlike cheap puzzles that only have 1 or 2 shapes for their pieces.  Even the box is sturdy and made for generations to pass on. All this quality comes at a reasonable price, and they come out with tons of puzzles, so if I see a Ravensburger selling for around $10, I jump on it.We've started to put this puzzle together, and it's quite challenging with the black-and-white photo, yet the buildings in the background offer more visual interest than a solid color.
I was looking for a challenge for my 85 year old father. Yes, a challenge. He is the king of all jigsaw puzzles and amazing to watch. In his own words, Ravensburger is his "brand of choice". There is nothing worse than wasting your time on a puzzle when the pieces don't fit. Ravensburger pieces are quality with clear cut edges that fit tightly! He has even glued and framed several for family and friends!  He has thoroughly enjoyed building this puzzle and looks forward to the next one!
This 1000 piece puzzle is a sure hit in my house. Black and white puzzles are more of a challenge to us than the colorful ones. Not to mention this one is all men in a row, with sky scrapers below them and they all look alike when you try putting it together! This one will take a while to complete. We love this puzzle and recommend this to challenge your brain!
Ravensburger Puzzles are the cream of the crop in the puzzle industry.  The pieces are quality and the designs are worth framing when you finish putting them together.  I have several of these puzzles that I have glued together and framed to hang around the house.This is the one thing that everyone heads to when coming to visit.  I always have a puzzle going on my dining table and everyone will just take a gander then see what they can put together.  It's a great family project where you can spend some quality time together.Well worth the $$ for something that is made with pride and thought of with family values in mind.
This is my 6th Ravensburger puzzles and I'm totally spoiled! I find that I don't even want to bother with other brands. While this was a 500 piece puzzle, it was fairly simple to complete because there weren't large areas that looked the same. The entire thing took me about two hours. As for the puzzle itself, as with every Ravensburger puzzle I've done the following applies.1. The image isn't glossy.  This is very nice when working on a table under a ceiling light because there was no glare.  The quality of the image is exceptional too.2. When I emptied the pieces, there were no pieces still stuck together where I had to tear them apart and they were nice and thick.3. Every piece was cut different so there was never a time where I the wrong piece fit into an area leaving me with a problem down the road.4. The finished product went together well and looked great.I did notice on the box that they advertise "Soft Click Technology".  I feel that this leads buyers to assume there will be a clicking sound and the pieces will snap together.  I can say, there was no clicking at all when I put the puzzle together.  Instead, it just means that the pieces fit together very well.
----------------------------------------------------------------Dolphin Cove 500 Piece Puzzle(Ravensberger)----------------------------------------------------------------I was looking for an intermediary-level puzzle that might interest my kid -- who's challenged by 300s but can do them. This one, with a cartoonish "dolphin" theme, seemed like a good option, as opposed to photographic puzzles, which can be a bit tougher. This was a good option, but a little harder than I'd anticipated -- the pieces were smaller than I expected, and the picture had a fun mix of highly distinctive elements (wavy coral reefs, island trees) and other, larger patches that had a lot of similarity from section to section. So, while it was easier than some larger puzzles or even other 500s, it also had some challenging elements. A good choice if you're looking for something young kids can solve, but still feel challenged by. Recommended! (Joe Sixpack, ReadThatAgain children's media reviews)
I chose this puzzle for my classroom, I needed some activities for my middle school students for afterschool and end of day activities.  The box is very sturdy, which may sound like a little thing, but game boxes (especially in a classroom) do not hold up to the number of kids I have using them.  I hate having to tape boxes back together.  The puzzle pieces themselves are very thick and sturdy, the picture quality is bright and sharp.  I just don't think that I have used another brand of puzzles that are as nice as these.
This is my fourth Ravensburger puzzle, and like the other three, it boasts fine craftsmanship as always.At 500 pieces, this puzzle is in the moderate level of difficulty.
I now own several Ravensburger puzzles, and I have to say, this is by far one of the best. I love the picture, it's beautiful, colorful, and crystal clear. The pieces are good quality and fit together perfectly. The challenge for this image & piece count is a good balance of easy enough to enjoy and hard enough to keep you busy. It's a soothing water & sunset image that has dolphins at play, evoking a sense of calm as you see it come together. I definitely recommend this puzzle, it's fantastic!
I have enjoyed Ravensburger games and puzzles since I was a child and this puzzle is just what I would expect. The quality of the pieces is very good. We put the puzzle together over the last few days and have had no problems with pieces bending or fraying. The reverse side of the pieces has a soft, blue texture. The image is also very good quality. Not pixilated as you will see on some lower quality puzzles. I put this together along with my two daughters who are 4 and 6. It was a bit tough for them and they dropped out fairly quickly, but I would imagine a 10-12 year old would have no problem working on this puzzle. I would recommend any Ravensburger puzzle and this is no exception.
This is a fun, challenging puzzle printed on durable, quality stock. I enjoy ocean life and I enjoy the fantastical impression the colorful and imaginative scene expresses. There are many interesting little details within this whimsical presentation of aquatic life surrounded by both island and sea. I like the unique qualities of the artistic style used as well.
I've worked several of the Ravensburger brand puzzles and I have always been impressed with the quality of the pieces and the depth of the picture once it's finished.  Some 500 piece puzzles are harder than others depending upon the picture, however this one was not as difficult as another 500 piece Ravensburger puzzle we recently finished putting together.  It's still not easy, but that's the fun of working these, especially with your family.  We've spent a good number of hours over the dining room table working Ravensburger puzzles instead of watching TV. We really do have a good time together trying to help each other find certain pieces we need and just joking around with each other as we toil together on a puzzle.The quality of the puzzle is superb - strong cardboard pieces that fit very smoothly together.  It's feels good to know a piece fits and the "click" into place is definitely gratifying.  It's kind of addictive and we've stayed up too late on occasions working puzzles.  The price for Ravensburger puzzles is really good because you are purchasing a very high quality puzzle. If you are careful and don't lose any pieces (but we always do), and like to take your puzzles apart to re-work later, the box that it comes in is very durable and should last for years keeping your pieces all together in one place until ready to reassemble.  Since we have a tendency to lose pieces (dog has eaten some of them when they hit the floor), I e-mailed Ravensburger and asked if they sold replacement pieces.  Unfortunately, they do not.Note of Advice:  Keep the pets outside or in their crates while working puzzles.  We have learned this the hard way.
I've ordered a few of these Ravensburger puzzles for my wife, she's the puzzle builder in our house.  Each on has featured an excellent, high-color painting or photograph.  They are challenging, but not too difficult.  My 6 year old grand-daughter is able to assist actively (usually building the outer boarder and then specific objects in the puzzle.  These are very well cut puzzles - the highest quality - whether you get the extra large pieces or traditional size.  You know how most jigsaw puzzles have a few pieces where the edge of some pieces is either ragged or the picture is rippled a little, the cardboard separating?  You WILL NOT find that with these Ravensburger puzzles.  These high-quality puzzles will make an excellent gift to someone who likes doing puzzles or perhaps an older person who could use an activity to engage those old synapses that maybe are not firing as often as they should.Note that Ravensburger also makes some very nice family board games. These are of very high-quality too, much better than the junky, cheap feeling stuff you buy today by the big companies like MB for example who are focused on delivering classic games created on the cheap.  Everything about Ravensburger is high quality and they will get a lot of my business in the coming years.
We love, love, love Ravensburger puzzles and own many. The 500-piece puzzles seem to be ideal quick(finished in a day/weekend) ones for us. I have to say, this one took us longer as we found it to be more trickey than the previous 500-piece RavensburgerAfrican Splendor 500 Piece Puzzlewe last finished.Beautiful picture, excellent quality and suprisingly challenging!
Our family loves puzzles! Raversburgers is one of our favorite puzzle companies. they made such high quality stuff and this one is no exception. The art work on this one is stunning! Puzzles are a great family activity! Try one out today.We use these puzzles a projects in our homeschool.  Kids of all ages can get involved in these. We talk about the animals in the puzzles as we complete them.  When we are done we glue them together and use them as art in our learning area.
Ravensburger Puzzle = High-Quality Item. Period. We have never been disappointed with one of these, and the dolphin cove puzzle was no exception. We brought this out during a summer outing, and both the eight-year-olds and the eight-year-olds were elbowing each other for a spot at the table. 500 pieces is just right to finish in a day or so. Usually everyone scatters is different directions---to fish, to swim, to hit the Nintendo---this puzzle truly brought everyone together. 26 thumbs up!
I really like the puzzles by Ravesburger. They are very well made and make putting a puzzle together fun rather than frustrating. The pieces are cut very cleanly and there is never any confusion as to if a piece fits in a certain spot. When the puzzle was complete my kids were running their hands all over it because it felt so smooth.
Ravensburger has the best puzzles. After doing them I would be very hesitant to go back to the "cheapo" types... their quality of puzzle pieces is felt in every piece you do. They don't rip or tear as easy and they have a "soft" feel to them that is pleasant. But enough of a blurb on Ravensburger...The kids picked out this puzzle and did the entire thing themselves (ages 9, 8, 7 and even the 6 year old helped). The variety of colors on the picture made it relatively easy and they didn't even ask for my help. So it definitely was a bit hit and I would highly recommend it! The bright sea and dolphin features are a huge hit with kids, it has always been one my favorite types of puzzles to work.  Highly recommend it!
I have learned first hand recently that Ravensburger does not seem to make any poor puzzles.  Like my other experiences with them, these pieces are solid and fit together very snugly in a very pleasing way.  The pattern on this puzzle did not have any areas that I found frustratingly difficult--it all just went together very nicely.  Good entertainment for a few hours.Recommended.
I love Ravensburger Puzzles. This one is no exception. The colors are fabulous and add a depth of dreaminess to this puzzle. Each piece fits perfectly into it the ones it is meant to interlock with.While the puzzle is a challenge, it isn't so much so that it loses its fun factor. The ages of everyone in the group working on the puzzle ranged from 10 to 57. A good time was had by all!Later on I put the puzzle together by myself and enjoyed it just as much.
This is a really beautiful puzzle, but it is far from easy.  We worked on it at a leisurely pace over the course of about a month, with some very frustrating patches.  The border was easy enough to construct, but the vast blue area at the top and the green area along the bottom made for some difficult work.  The only hints to help you in the search are very slight variations in the hues of each color.  The castle itself came together relatively quickly.I love Germany, and the Neuschwanstein Castle is one of my favorite attractions in the country.  This puzzle makes for a beautiful pictoral represention.  My plan is to apply some puzzle glue and frame it like a poster.So in short, I highly recommend the puzzle, but would caution that you be prepared for some complicated work.
This is a beautiful puzzle.  I love the blue backing on the pieces --which makes them easier to find when they're dropped on the floor.  The pieces are small as one would expect.  I like the variety of colors in this picture.  My husband visited Neuschwanstein 10 years ago, so I thought he would enjoy this puzzle.  As soon as I saw these pieces, though, I have to admit that I realized that I prefer 500 piece puzzles at this stage in my life.  I have 3 children and I'm pretty busy.  I like to be able to sit down for a few minutes and find a piece or two that I can put in pretty quickly.  With a 1000 piece puzzle, that is hard to do.  It's a lot easier to feel successful at a 500 piece puzzle.  I think 500 pieces will probably be the largest that my children are able to tackle for several years as well.  There's a really big jump down in piece size from the 500 piece puzzles to the 1000 piece puzzles.  Still, this is a beautiful puzzle for adult puzzlers!
To help one of my kid's concentration in school, we began focusing on reading, puzzles, Legos, and outdoor activities, at the expense of video games and TV.This Ravensburger puzzle is of great quality, and has a beautiful shot of the famous Neuschwannstein Castle in southern Bavaria - Germany.I would recommend getting a big table that is not used for other activities for at least a few days, if not weeks. In our case, we have a large table in the basement for Puzzles, rather than starting it in our Dining Room. The top area of the puzzle is probably the hardest - as it concerns the sky. If you are new to puzzles, I would not venture out to more than 1,000 pieces at first.
This is a beautiful, well-made, sturdy puzzle that will transport you to the King Ludwig's castle in the heart of Bavaria.  I had the 1500-piece version of this puzzle on my kitchen table for a couple weeks and never managed to finish it, so I was delighted to give the 1000-piece version a try.  The size is a little more manageable -- it didn't cover the entire kitchen table -- and it was a delight to work on.Ravensberger puzzles are of consistently high quality.  The pieces are sturdy and fit together well.  The picture doesn't separate from the cardboard backing (even when they've been kicked around the floor by the cat and discovered several days later, under a cabinet).  The designs or photographs, this one no exception, are beautiful and interesting.  II don't think you'd go wrong with any Ravensgerger product.I found this puzzle to be fairly challenging, due to the large expanse of sky and the trees, but not impossible.  The edges and castle part were fairly easy to put together, but the trees and sky were a bit of a challenge.  I don't think it would be too much for an experienced or avid puzzler, though.
I love this puzzle, the colors are so pretty. The border, sky, and castle were easy for me to sort out and out together but the greenery was challenging by comparison. As usual, the pieces are well made and durable and the picture is beautiful once completed. The way the pieces are made (Ravensburger's "soft click technology") makes it easy to know where they belong and don't belong, so that don't ruin pieces by trying to force them. I almost wanted to frame this one, but I just broke it up and put it away so it can be used again.
It's been a very long time since I last worked on a puzzle. Years, at least. Decades? Possibly. So as a result this puzzle is a bit of a challenge to me. 1,000 pieces, lots of blue, lots of green, very Germanic. Like, REALLY Germanic. I kept getting the impression that if I tried to put it together wrong, serious men in black coats would show up at my front door at night.But though it's been a challenge, and though after a couple days of working on it with a friend it STILL isn't finished, it's been a very fun challenge. The puzzle itself just looks lovely. The pieces are all very durable, the printing is bright and clear and the picture on the front does an excellent job of illustrating the finished product, except for the lower right-hand corner, where part of the forest area is covered by a little banner.Really, I can't think of a single complaint I have about this, aside from that minor one about the banner. This is a good, well-made puzzle and I look forward to finishing it and moving onto the next one from this company!
---------------------------------------------------------------Neuschwanstein Castle 1000 Piece Puzzle(Ravensberger)---------------------------------------------------------------I chose this 1000-piece jigsaw puzzle - a dramatic photograph of Neuschwanstein castle, an ornate modern (19th Century) Bavarian edifice, because it had a lot of distinct elements in the picture, and I thought these divisions would make it easier to complete as a family project. Boy, was I surprised!  Turns out this is a pretty challenging puzzle: the forest trees, blue-grey mountains and cloud-flecked blue sky that frame the castle are all filled with a lot of *very* similar pieces. True, the castle was fun to complete, but then everyone else abandoned the project leaving me alone to painstakingly fill it in one piece at a time... It's great!  Vexing and fun at the same time. Recommended for those who like a challege. (DJ Joe Sixpack, ReadThatAgain children's media reviews)
When I first saw the box for this puzzle I swore I had done it before. It's a rather generic image but as for the puzzle itself this one is top notch. There is a nice distribution of areas with a cloudy sky, mountains, trees, lake and of course the castle which is by far the easiest section to put together. What can kill a puzzle is large areas of similar looking patterns with similar shaped pieces Ravensburger's pieces are sufficiently distinctive that even in similar colored areas I never found myself frustrated. The sky contains a lot of blues but they contain enough gradient from light to dark that I was able to sort them and put them together without much difficulty.For me the most challenging section was the trees but even there I was able to separate them by different colored leaves so although the puzzle was challenging it was never frustrating. Most times I could look at a piece and find it's location on the front of the box and that's not always true with puzzles. From the thickness of the pieces to the sharpness of the image there really isn't more I can ask from a puzzle. It took me about three days to put this together. Not sure how many total hours but Ravensburger kept me entertained throughout the build. Highly Recommend.
This is a good quality puzzle. The pieces are thick and durable; not a single one bent while we were completing the puzzle. The picture is attractive. There are some areas of varying difficulty in the puzzle. The castle is relatively easy, while the forest is a bit harder, and the mountains and sky are even harder. The sky is colored in varying shades of blue, so even that is doable without too much randomly placing of identical-looking blue pieces to see if they fit -- the hue and shape of the pieces give some clues.
High-quality puzzle - solid pieces, vibrant colors, and excellent photography. I would rate the difficulty at a 7/10. The sky is definitely tricky, but not overly so.This is a great way to ensure some family time. I just set it out on the table and started working on it. One by one the whole clan had stopped by to help. Soon we were all working on it together and talking about the days events. What a great way to get us to slow down from our busy lives.
This is the best puzzle I've ever had.  The picture is beautiful - and upon opening the box, it was pretty evident that the company actually cares about their product:  all the puzzle pieces were in a sealed bag within the box, with a couple pieces of paper about the products inside the box.  After tearing open the bag and dumping it into the box and starting the slow process of puzzle building, it also was obvious that the puzzle pieces themselves were quality:  the pieces are sturdy, don't have little dangling pieces of cardboard, are all FULLY cut, and is very easy to see when pieces fit together or not.Several days later, we have this on our kitchen table about half-done; anytime there are a few moments before/after a meal, we spend a bit of time getting a few more pieces together.  My 6-year old had made it his mission to separate all the like-colors and like-patterns into groups to speed things along, and from those groups, he's been connecting 4-5 pieces together so it looks like we have a couple different puzzles going at the same time.While it may sound a bit boring, we've all been enjoying putting this puzzle together, and from what we've done so far, the completed puzzle is going to be as brilliant and beautiful as the picture on the box (rather than a fuzzier version that some puzzles end up.)Would recommend!
My ratings above:1.Fun, yes very much so. This is my first Ravensburger puzzle and I AM impressed with both the quality of the image itself and also the pieces too. I have never seen such nice-fitting totally interlocking pieces before. Real Nice!2.Educationality, of course, is subjective. If you are not familiar with the story of this beautiful structure, and/or if you have children, then this is a great chance to educate yourself further in the saga of how and why this impressive fairy-tale-type castle was built and what the effect was that it had on the coffers of Germany's treasury and, further, what happened to Ludwig himself. It is a fabulous story that may lead you deeper into history, into music and into psychology, too!3.Durability. As I stated above at 1., I have never seen a puzzle with pieces engineered to a fit like this. This puzzle will remain great fitting for years through many assemblies.4.Five stars, of course! Were it possible to give it more, then I would do so. The overall impact of this puzzle for the beauty of this image, quality of printing, for structure, and for the "feel-good" feeling you get through the pleasure of the way the pieces fit, is really pleasing.This was a Vine selection, and on the impact this product has left on me, I will be purchasing puzzles from Ravensburger for Christmas and birthday presents for my family and friends. It is wonderful when you discover a truly high-quality "toy" (or anything nowdays) like this. You are sure to be pleased with the beauty and craftsmanship presented here by Ravensburger and Co.~operabruin
I love puzzles and this one did not disappoint me. It was a definite challenge and worth all the time I put into making it whole. The quality of the puzzle pieces is superb and the image was fantastic. This is the first Ravensburger Puzzle I've put together, and I would love to own a more. If you like a challenge, then this puzzle is for you!
How cool is it that as I was assembling this puzzle, my husband has locked up the TV doing a DVR recording of a show called, "The Alps from the Air". So what a treat it was to be working on this puzzle while watching a segment on the actual castle... an amazing piece of architecture and history tucked away in the Alps!As with other Ravensburger products (and puzzles) the quality is great. The pieces are solid and easy to grip, the printing is clean and easy to see and compare to the picture on the box and the pieces stay together well. The trees and blue sky are a mild mind killer, difficult to sort so a challenge to assemble - but one piece at a time, very doable. I remember doing a puzzle once that was only the face of a black cat. All you could do was pick out the eyes and some whiskers. All the rest were just plain black pieces. Now that was a killer puzzle and makes this look like a walk in the park!Well made, interesting to assemble and a fun weekend project.
1000 Pieces!  What a way to spend your afternoons... for the next ten years!  Actually, I finished this puzzle in 4 days.  The pic is a breath taking vista and the pieces were perfectly cut, fitting the abutting pieces flawlessly.  Ravenburger is a company hat knows their stuff!  Everything I've seen from them so far is of the utmost highest quality material and build. They care and it shows in their products.  No frayed ends, no splitting.I'll never get my puzzles from anywhere else!
Ravensburger is by far my favorite manufacturer of puzzles. And what I like most - apart from the outstanding quality of the puzzles - is the variety. They make puzzles in a variety of shapes and sizes. They make puzzles that are titanic projects (you can get even get a 32,000 Keith Haring puzzle that is so immense it comes with its own hand truck), but also make some really nice small puzzles. I especially love their 500 piece puzzles. They don't take much time, but they provide a lot of entertainment. This is important to me because I have a cat who likes to bat the pieces around, so I like puzzles I can finish rather quickly.But when I have a bit more time, the 1,000 piece puzzles can also be a ton of fun. This particular puzzle is an especially nice one. I have a preference for scenes of castles and other historic buildings. Ravensburger actually has a 2,000 piece puzzle of the Neuschwanstein Castle (Neuschwanstein Castle 2000 PiecePanorama XXL Puzzle) that shows a winter scene in widescreen panorama.So, another outstanding puzzle by what is clearly the best mass manufacturer of jigsaw puzzles in the world.
If you are looking for a challenging puzzle than look no further.  I absolutely love Ravensburger puzzles not only because they are challenging and make you think but also for the wonderful quality.  The colors are bright and vivid thus making your work so much more precious when you finally finish and see the end result.  I am partial to the 1000 pc puzzles and like the 27x20 size as it fits on my card table without a problem.  Preciously cut pieces make this alot easier when getting deeply into a specific color.  All in all you get what you pay for and these are the best in my book.  Now that I've been up in the clouds with a beautiful castle it's time to try a waterfall on for size.
We received this toy tonight and my youngest daughter (5 years old) used all the paint making some really cool spin art for me.  Overall, I think it is a wonderful activity for children that was surprisingly NOT messy.  Of course, the "splash guard"  that is included looks A LOT like trash (luckily they have a small sticker that tells you it is the splash guard and not to be thrown away).It takes one "C" battery which we had on hand (luckily) and we were good to go.  My daughter had a blast and once I showed her where to place the corners she had no problem doing it all on her own.  The paper is like (black and white)card stock and even though it curls a bit at first after getting painted but eventually it lays down flat. We used both colors but only the white color works nicely.  The black doesn't show the colors good and after the paint dries you can't hardly see it so do yourself a favor and use the white side.  The only other problem I see is that the glitter tubes should have a shaker end since younger kids have real problems shaking anything out of an open tube.I have a feeling we will be going get more paint (and paper) really soon because it was a hit with my daughters and we taped their art work to the computer cabinet.
Ravensburger makes some excellent paper puzzles.  This one is no exception.  There isn't a whole lot to write about jigsaw puzzles aside from quality of image and construction.As I've noticed with other Ravensburger puzzles, the pieces are cut cleanly.  None of them were stuck together (i.e., not cut apart) in the box.  They fit together without any inordinate difficulty.  (No, you're not going to be using your fist to pound them into position.)The image quality is good.  The assembled puzzle presents a vista of Rome at dusk.  The colors are rich and it is a relaxing scene.  This is one of Ravensburger's "Starline" puzzles, so it has some glow-in-the-dark paint/ink on it that traces contours.  Our kids think it's fun to switch off the lights.  Not really a useful feature, but it is mildly amusing for the kids.In all, a worthwhile puzzle with enough pieces to be challenging for a family for an afternoon.
My family and I enjoyed finishing this puzzle together. Who would have thought that such an old pastime could be so entertaining for everyone? It was really cool to turn off the light at night and see the picture glowing on the table. It almost looked like it was floating midair. We had a few mishaps with my sister's hyper Boston Terrier getting to the puzzle from her lap, but the pieces were locked together pretty good and we didn't get set back by much. As usual, Ravensburger has made a top quality puzzle with durable pieces. I love that the pieces are well designed so that it is hard to force pieces where they don't belong. I look forward to more Ravensburger puzzles!
This Ravensburger puzzle (EVENING IN ROME) was frustratingly fun.  A beautiful sunset over a bridge in Rome provides a subtly challenging scene to piece together.  A nice finishing touch to the puzzle is that it glows in the dark.As someone who only occasionally takes the time to put puzzles together, I found this 1000 piece puzzle to be enjoyably challenging.  I particularly like the scene and the fine details within the scene as I pieced it together (most notably the graffiti on the walls under the bridge).  Subtle color changes to a relatively clear sky that comprises roughly a quarter of the puzzle proved to somewhat frustrating to piece together, as were duplicate light reflections on the shimmering water.  The pieces securely snap together and the completed puzzle presents a beautiful scene that glows (subtly) in the dark.My only issue with this puzzle is that the reference picture on the front of the box is partially obscured by "text-box" that advertises the puzzle's features (my box was not the same as the one shown on this site).
For reference, this is the second 1,000 piece puzzle my wife and I have worked on in a row.  The first was a cheap no-name puzzle which I will compare this "premium" puzzle to with pros and cons.  Here they are:Pros:* Linen-matte finish.  This finish is much better at deflecting lighting glare then the cheap puzzle's matte finish was.* Piece quality.  Each piece was solid and felt durable enough to handle multiple puzzle assembly and teardown cycles.  Unlike the cheap puzzle I didn't come across any pieces that were splitting out of the box.* Very good picture resolution.  None of the picture details are smeared into an unrecognizable mess.* Container.  The box teh puzzle comes in is additionally very durable feeling.* Interlocking.  Pieces fit together really well.Glow in the dark.* Glow actually works pretty well and looks cool.  It also doesn't detract from the ability to discern which piece goes where, and can sometimes help.Cons:* Picture is obscurred.  Because of the feature blurb on the cover (which is incentally on the other side of the box unlike what is pictured) there isn't a good sized un-obscurred view of puzzle to be had.  And unlike the cheap puzzle, and half size mini portrait insn't included to help you figure out teh puzzle.  This is really the only knock I have on this set.Debatable:* Unique piece feature.  Didn't really have a problem with this not being a part of cheap set.* Summary:This is a great puzzle, small gripe in that I just wish that is came with an un-obscurred view of it somewhere.
This is a charming puzzle that is just a little different from others in its luminosity.First of all: the quality of the puzzle pieces is top notch.  You know when they fit.  Nothing is missing.  It's a no hassle puzzle, so you can focus on solving it.Secondly, the image is pretty and we enjoyed talking about Rome as we assembled this.  The glow in the dark is noticeable, though I found it easier to assemble in the light.  We tried a blacklight and it really highlighted the colors, but that's not necessary.  One thing the glowing helped with was getting kids to put down the video game and join the family fun.Finally, I think these puzzles are well worth the price.  You're spending a tick more, but you get a much more pleasant several hours with your family.  Puzzles have become a tradition whenever my wife's family gets together, and I will be incorporating that into my side as well.  It gives everyone something to do and talk about.
Beautiful puzzle and the glow in the dark is great, this puzzle is difficult but you will enjoy it if you like challenges, the pieces are small but they fit perfectly, the colors, design and quality are the best.
There is NO comparison between this puzzle and those you find in the average store.  The pieces are thicker, stiffer, and they click together with precision.  The finish has sort of a matte look because I think they use linen behind or through the paper to reduce glare and improve the image.  I found the glow in the dark feature a bit odd, but the kids loved it.  They even tried (unsuccessfully) to solve it in the dark.  If you are into quality puzzles, this is one of the best.
This is a very beautiful, very well made puzzle. The pieces are thick and durable and the picture is gorgeous. This is my first experience with this brand and, so far, I have no complaints.
I agree with the other reviewers whole-heartedly. This is a high-quality puzzle and the picture is beautiful. I've never had a puzzle so nice. The quality even extends to the puzzle dust in the bottom of the box - there hardly is any! I would definitely buy Ravensburger puzzles again. I have one more from them, a 300-piece puzzle of some children at bathtime, that is equally beautiful.
This puzzle was a real challenge from the beginning.  Of course you do the usual sorting the border bits from the interior bits, but after that is where the real fun began.  There are so many subtle colors and intricate reflections, that it was quite a challenge to try to sort out the interior pieces by color and pattern.  In some areas I had to resort to sorting by shape so I could find enough pieces that fit together so I could determine where they fit in the overall pattern.I waited until the entire puzzle was completed before allowing myself to enjoy the glow-in-the-dark view.  Since it was an especially challenging piece of work, I was thrilled to have a special treat on top of the completed puzzle.  An extra bonus is that the individual pieces are very sturdy, so it will survive far more rounds than the average puzzle.
Love this Starline puzzle! I am a true 'puzzle person' trying to do a 1000 piece puzzle at least once a month. When I saw this puzzle I knew that I would love it. The colors are vibrant and the picture is spectacular. I love the evening shot with the reflection on the water with the Vatican in the background. Reminds me truly of my trip to Rome in 2010. I found the quality of the pieces of this puzzle to be highly constructed and, although challenging to complete, relatively easy to match and assemble. I highly recommend this puzzle to anyone who loves puzzles and who has ever been (or wants to go) to Rome!
This puzzle is definitely the best puzzle I've ever owned! All of the pieces are made of high quality, thick material and the pieces fit together nicely, unlike many other puzzles I've tried that you  have to basically pound the pieces into place because the material was cheap and they didn't line up right. The finished scene is absolutely beautiful as well. We've put it together twice and had a good time doing so. This is the first glow in the dark puzzle I've ever put together and that's a cool feature that the kids love. I own a preschooler board game from the Ravensburger company and all of their products are cream of the crop. If you want real quality puzzles, I'd get them from this company and skip the cheaply made but expensive ones you find at local stores.
This is a great puzzle and a lot of fun to put together. I enjoyed the glow-in-the-dark aspect, although honestly I didn't see the puzzle in the dark except to purposely see it with all the lights out.The pieces are well cut and go together easily. This is a quality puzzle and I'd definitely buy another Ravensburger puzzle.
I am a puzzle maniac, having assembled jigsaw puzzles from 100 to 9000 pieces (a 13200 pieces is in the queue and I am really going to the 18,000 and 32,000 pieces from Ravensburger in the future...). Some of them were 3D puzzles, like the Taj Mahal, US Capitol, Neuschwanstein Castle, Big Ben, etc. This one in particular is a very high quality product from Ravensburger (as usual), all the pieces have an excellent finishing and they stick together very well. I usually assemble this size of puzzles in Foam Boards. They are very light and conveniently cheap. The foam board being 3/16'' (5mm) gives your puzzle enough support. I usually cut the board (easily done with a cutter) after glueing the puzzle, leaving a border of 1'' at each side, so I can pin the board in my garage (that, at this point, is full of puzzles...). For puzzles 5,000 pieces and larger I usually go with a 4'x8'x5/32'' plywood that I pre-cut at the size of the puzzle plus 1 inch extra on each side... This is heavier and a little more expensive, but gives better support and for that size of puzzle I need that extra support. You might be able to accommodate up to a 6,000 piece in one of those 4'x 8' (feet) boards. So far I have assembled 2 x 5,000 pieces, 1 x 6,000, 1 x 8,000 pieces and 1 x 9,000, besides dozens of 3,000 and smaller. What help me a lot is that my wife and daughters also like the challenge, so we move fast. A 1,000 piece puzzle do not last a weekend, although the 8,000 piece one took us 2 months (most 2 to 3 hours at night work) to put together. This one in particular took us 5 days to put together, as it has a good amount of sky and the reflections are never easy. I highly recommend Ravensburger products for the excellent quality to everyone that enjoys challenges alone or with the whole family. It is a guaranteed entertainment for hours, listening to music or talking in family environment.Amazon.com was kind enough to provide this product for me through their Vine Program for reviewing and I was not request to provide a positive review. Opinions expressed here are my own.
This 1000 piece glow-in-the-dark puzzle is so incredibly beautiful when complete.  The glow-in-the-dark aspect makes this puzzle top-notch.  This is the only puzzle that I've ever had the desire to glue and use as a decoration.  I think it would be really neat to have it hanging on my wall.Putting the puzzle together took me about 3-4 days off and on to complete.  Normally it wouldn't take so long but this wasn't a puzzle that has too many colors therefore it took quite a long time to do the sky, water and building portions when they all looked the same and they each took up about 1/3 of the puzzle.The quality of Ravensburger puzzles are usually superior but for some reason I had many pieces where the top layer (the picture potion) was peeling off of the piece itself.Overall, I really love this puzzle once complete.  It's breathtaking.  Putting it together was fun and challenging but time-consuming.  I would recommend this puzzle.
The puzzle pieces are made of a sturdy cardboard, are fully interlocking and have a glossy silver surface.  I am pointing this out first because the pieces need to be (1) sturdy, often tried in many locations and (2) glossy, wipe off easy with a dry rag.I am going to start by saying I love puzzles.  Ok, with that said WoW...this is a challenge.  I started this puzzle 2-weeks ago and it is still unfinished ~ granted I don't work on it constantly, usually when I am cooking (hence ~ the reason I know the pieces can be wiped off with a dry rag).  I have everything outside the spiral completed (with a piece missing here and there) and about 3.5 rows of the spiral completed.My plan ~ ever evolving ~ I built the frame, and then froze...WHAT TO WORK ON NEXT?  I started sorting pieces with the help of my hubby; this occurred multiple times.  We finally decided that sorting them by the numbers of tabs and blanks was our best option.This puzzle is an on-going project; it will be concurred.  If you like puzzles join me...in my fight to complete this very challenging, often frustrating, adventure.This is a great family project (HINT: Heed the CHOKING HAZARD -- Small parts. Not for children under 3 yrs.)
My family and I love doing puzzles and have never tired one that does not have a picture on it. My 17 year old son wanted to tackle getting the edges together and it took him about 2 hours to do it. You definitely have to rely solely on the shapes of the pieces to put it together. We are till working on it a bit each day. It is a lot of fun, and we enjoy that it is different from any other puzzle we have put together.
This has to be on of the best puzzles I've done in a really long time.  I started at the center and worked my way out.  There is a cheater sheet inside an envelope in the box (I DID NOT OPEN THIS).  I think the puzzle is more fun without knowing what shapes you are looking for.  This puzzle took weeks to finish but was worth it.  Great quality and interesting.
Ravensburger has a whole line of puzzles ranging from just a few pieces to the massive 32,000 pieceKeith Haring: Double Retrospectpuzzle.  I'd love to have one, but I'd have to empty out a room to put it in.  I was the type of kid who always had a puzzle going and would work on them in the basement where there was a piece of plywood set up for them.  I still enjoy them, especially challenging ones, but I must admit most of them just take a bit of time and aren't.  Look at box, search for piece, end of challenge.  I like them to have a bit more of that hmmm, dang quality to them.  In other words, really challenging.The Krypt is perfect.  It's not too big, not too small, and just the perfect puzzle geek challenge.  There are no two pieces alike, but there are similarities between some.  That's essentially where the "directions" end.  One factor that helps is that one can differentiate the sides by color, removing the guesswork out of which side is which.  There's the nice mixture of round (love it) and straight edge.  The decision is up to the puzzler as to where they want to start.There are not 500 pieces, 1,000, pieces or that whopping 32,000.  The 654 pieces are manageable in most home settings and have just the right amount of geek challenge I enjoy.  I'm leaving the White Mountain puzzles for friends and relatives, but this puzzle is one I'm hogging.  The quality of the pieces is excellent and they have that "Soft-Click Technology" that enables you to feel/hear when the pieces are in the proper place.  This is one puzzle I'm enjoying because it "clicks" with my style!
---------------------------------------------------------------------Krypt Silver 654 Piece Blank Puzzle Challenge(Ravensburger)---------------------------------------------------------------------Wow - this is one difficult puzzle! The Ravensburger "Krypt" jigsaw puzzle has only one color -- a matte, metallic silver-gray -- and thus there are no visual cues to help you solve the puzzle other than the shape of each individual piece. This includes the pattern of the puzzle, which begins with a central whirlpool design, radiating outwards to the edges, which have many elongated edge pieces. Towards the center, many pieces have curled, arcing shapes, but gradually this circular pattern evens out, although along the way many "normal" jigsaw shapes are incorporated into the central region. Also along the way, many new, unusual shapes are introduced which may throw veteran puzzlers for a loop.There are two ways to tackle this puzzle - the first is to simply try muscling your way through (after meticulously sorting all 654 pieces by shape, of course) Just start somewhere and try out pieces one by one.  Or, you can "cheat" and use the small, xeroxed map of the completed puzzle's pattern, which shows the outline of each piece, and how they fit together. I recommend cheating: unless you're a crazy genius savant, just going in blind and trying to do the Krypt like any other puzzle can be very, very frustrating. Even looking at the key, you will learn a lot about doing puzzles and enjoy yourself... and still be quite challenged. This one will really kick your butt. (DJ Joe Sixpack, ReadThatAgain children's media reviews)
Have you ever picked up a puzzle, completed it quickly and thought that you'd like a real challenge? If you answered yes, this puzzle is for you. If you are content with the difficulty level of your standard puzzles, then you should skip this one. This puzzle is a real challenge since the only thing you can match up is the shape of the pieces rather than using the picture as a guide. I'd liken it to a blind person doing a regular puzzle. I like mental challenges and gladly attempted this puzzle. It took much longer than a regular puzzle but when I was done, I actually felt like I had accomplished something. Now I'm in search of a more difficult puzzle.
For years I had heard of people working jigsaw puzzles of one solid color, etc., but had never actually seen one until Vine offered this one for selection and review.I was immediately intrigued with this one and ordered it asap. The moment it arrived, I opened it up and said something like "Oh my (Gosh?)" ....er, no, that wasn't it! Then I thought, "Well, it's only 650 pieces."Well, here it is into day 3, and I have only 40-some pieces assembled so far. Now, I have not worked absolutely steady on it, but many hours, indeed! And, not for nothing, I see this as great progress after reading other's comments. When others here have said that it is very difficult, take it to heart, puzzle-lover, and then buy yourself one anyway! It's fun! It is challenging, but it is also rewarding when you run onto a string of 5 or 6 pieces in a row and go "Wow" and smile!I will finish this puzzle. I have incredible "tunnel vision" so can stay focused for hours at a time. OCD, also, while a bane sometimes, helps with a task like this one (for me)! Also, I have a very sharp visual orientation to my brain, and where directions or words do not always click in for me, visually I can always find my way through anything. When this puzzle is done, I will mount it, mat it, and frame it...perhaps as a "Trophy", certainly as a conversation piece!Some hints for prospective assemblers....Work this puzzle on its own table, in an area where you are not distracted by anyone or anything...otherwise it becomes nearly impossible, and you may give up on it and never finish it, which would be sad.Sort your pieces...there is sort of a difference in color or reflectiveness on one side as you get away from the center. Also, look sharp and you will see very helpful design elements that will become a guide for you! Every piece will fit easily together WITHOUT any forcing. Remember, you're assembling one shape within another. If you have worked any of Ravensburger's 3-D ball puzzles this will have also be a help with this!When you tire, take a walk...Go Outside for a walk, and relax and rest your eyes! When you come back to it, pieces will jump out at you for a while. Repeat.Talk to and tell your friends about what you are doing! This will generate thoughts and comments that will also spur you on...like scaling Mt. Everest! Well, perhaps not quite that high!Most of all, enjoy yourself assembling this Bug-A-Boo of a Devil of a PUZZLE! Remember, it wasn't made to be impossible, but to entertain and make your gray-matter sit up and do a workout!***** addendum, August 30, 2012: I finished it! Last evening, I placed the last pieces into this fascinatingly difficult puzzle. Was it worth the time I spent on it? Unequivocally, "yes"! I firmly believe that a good workout for the brain (especially in us "seniors") is one of the best things we can do for ourselves. This puzzle provides this in Spades! The challenge is wonderful if you are up for it!If I could give this 6 stars, I would certainly do so! I'm hoping that Ravensburger will come up with something else to match this!~operabruin
Oh wow...if you are looking for a puzzle that will challenge every bit of your being this is it!!!  We have started this puzzle but by no means even a faction of being done.  Even with a strategy in place, e.g. colors and shapes separated, this is one of the most difficult puzzles we have attempted.  Do I recommend it?  Yes, I sure do...but, it's only for those that can handle the challenge and not give up frustrated because in the hour all they were able to put together are two pieces.
I always have a jigsaw puzzle in the works and couldn't wait to finish the previous Ravensburger puzzle I was assembling so that I could start theKrypt Silver 654 Piece Blank Puzzle Challenge.  First of all, I am crazy about the metallic silver and appreciated not needing a high powered additional directed light to study a visual pattern other than the shape of the individual pieces.  On the second day of working on this one, I discovered a blueprint enclosed in an envelope but I refolded it and replaced it into the envelope and returned it to the box.  It was reassuring to know that it was included, but I personally chose to assemble the jigsaw puzzle on my own.  Some people like shiny puzzles and by shiny, I mean glossy.  I prefer the metallic appearance of this one and found it soothing to touch.  I had no problem connecting the pieces of the outer border, especially after realizing there is a shape pattern, with only two pieces joined incorrectly.  Once I looked very closely and made that identification, the border was done.  I then tackled the inner spiral and watched Alfred Hitchock's, "Marnie."  Maybe it was the movie, but I found this puzzle to flow together without many roadblocks.  As with other Ravensburger puzzles, the quality is excellent and they stand behind their products.  I recently had a puzzle that was missing a piece and the customer service representative was responsive.
Wow, what was I thinking? Who in their right mind would choose to assemble a blank puzzle. Me and many others!The nice thing is that this is only 654 pieces. If it was a lot more, it would be easily discouraging.The edges were easy enough and since the puzzle has concentric circles for the middle, it makes it easier since pieces are different and odd shapes in certain areas.So the edges, the middle and some of the other pieces are in so far, about one third. I'm finding it easier to place the oddities first since when it gets down to the standard puzzle piece in a standard size, I'm going to be easily frustrated! [UPDATE] It took about four evenings to finish. The kids helped from time to time and it was so cool to keep filling in areas. It went faster the more I did because (obviously) there were less pieces to choose from.I have used the picture sheet which shows where each piece goes. I don't feel like it is cheating because it's no different than looking at the photo that accompanies other puzzles. The fact is that even though you can look at the shape of a piece, it doesn't mean that that piece is obvious. There are plenty of choices that are similar in shape and appearance so it's trial and error. I made a copy of the picture sheet so I could tick off the pieces that are placed to help me keep track of what's done and what's not.Instead of sorting these pieces by color or content, I sort by size and shape. Which makes going through a set of similar pieces easier than continually sorting through them all.There has to be a method or you won't make progress. And believe me, you need some piece placement to encourage you to continue!I did a puzzle a long time ago that was a black cat. All you could discern were the eyes, nose and whiskers. That had a higher piece count, 1,000 pieces, and as I remember, was harder than this. Because the Krypt pieces are varying sizes and silver in tone, it makes it easier to see the outline. The black pieces of my cat puzzle were very difficult to pick out which is why I called this the (almost) ultimate challenge.A great puzzle for those who like a challenge.
Top-notch quality.  Just one color.....what?  Must put this together with SHAPE alone.  Such a radical concept.  Totally engaging for higher thought.  I highly recommend ANY Ravensburger puzzle.  These puzzles are the gold standard of puzzles.  Have fun as a family.  Enjoy.
My grandmother's house has always had the community puzzle on the dining room table. I think this one takes the cake. If...and that is a big if..it gets finished anytime soon I will post a pic of the finished product. It is one of the harder puzzles I have seen out there.
I got this for my little cuz for her play with during the times I watch her. So when it came in she was all over it just like I thought she would. She started playing and designing all her out fits. She had a great time with this and that is all that matters. So I guess this is a recommended item, she liked it.
My daughter (8) loves this toy/game.  She loves to draw and color and really has enjoyed designing clothes with this toy.  Hours of entertainment.  She loves creating and coloring her creations.  At first she found it hard to line up the three sections, but it took no time for her to get the hang of it.  She has really enjoyed this product.
Runway Fashions is a tracing toy that comes in a compact kit which stores all the little pieces. The light is bright enough to work in broad daylight (we have a similar toy that could only be used in dim conditions). It comes with one black marker. You must supply your own colored markers/pens/crayons to add pizzazz to the drawings. Ten sheets of white paper were supposed to be included with the set, but we found none. Not that it matters. Most households have white paper. We managed to find some sheets and started drawing.The figures' bodies are divided into top, middle, and bottom sections. Children choose a top, a skirt or shorts, and legwear/footwear from either set A or set B. There is enough variety within each set to mix it up, but the two sets can not be interchanged. Then, they lay the acetate sheet onto the light source, close the case, place the paper on top, and trace the figure onto the paper.I have to say, these girls we drew are cute! They remind me of the drawings on Ben 10 or Pokemon, a sort of anime feel. I'm embarrassed to say how proud I am of my creation. Runway Fashions is my eight year-old daughter's fashion maven's dream. I'm sure it's going to be a hit at the next playdate. She gives it five stars.
This toy using clear plastic slides and it projects them on a glass screen for the child to trace. There are slides for the upper and lower bodies of the models. So it takes two sessions to get your full model traced. Once you are done, you can use colored pencils to color your creation. My 7 year old daughter plays with this a lot. She can use it and has the patience to get the full tracing done and then color it in. The unit has storage for the round plastic slide. It opens up and you put them inside. It takes batteries which run the light needed for projecting the image. Overall I think this is a great toy for girls who like to trace, draw, and color.
My 7 year old toy tester loved this one! She was able to create her own fashions with ease with the templates. It sure kept her quiet for awhile! We were pleased with the quality and the results of her "creations"! It's a great toy for "on the go" or a rainy day!  I would buy this as a gift for sure.
I gave this to my ten year old granddaughter for her birthday. I thought because of the negative aspects I mention below that she would grow tired of this quickly.I recant. She loves this and she takes it with her on every car trip, she brings it to my house and sets up her fashion designing at the kitchen counter. She brings it out for her friends to create outfits along with her.In short, she loves it.First the highlights:The light box would make this a fun thing for travel.The plastic case can carry all your supplies making it easy for storage, easy to transport.The light box can be adjusted up and down for a larger/smaller sketch.Now the whining:You need to have 4 AA batteries on hand- "batteries not included."When you attempt to pop the batteries in you will discover you also need a phillips screwdriver to open two separate battery caches.There are only ten sheets of custom sized paper- you will have to cut more to size to fit into the slots for securing the paper to trace.There is only a single marker- black. Boring. A small assortment of color markers should have been included.The "fashion disks" are simple to place on the light box--- but a bugger to get off. You have to kind of warp the plastic with your fingernail to get it up.Who would like this:The company, Ravensburger, says "8+"Amazon hypes this for ages 8- 15. My ten year old granddaughter loves it. My fifteen year old daughter is not interested.
I've been a big fan of harumika dolls for girls (ages 5-10). I had the opportunity to try Runway Fashions and I have to say its a great gift idea.  The box says its for ages 8+ but my six year old had no problem with it.You simply put in batteries, slide in a section of your outfit design (ex-top), closed the lid and trace the pattern. You then repeat the steps, sliding up the paper to complete the outfit.  After it is all traced you can color it in.We've used the plastic versions of this were your rub crayons over the designs but you can really create patterns on the "material". This product is much more flexible.We already ran out of paper but Using regular copy paper cut to size has worked out perfectly.I highly recommend this. It's a great creative "game."
We own the Leapster and the kids enjoy playing it.  There are many good game choice for it for all different age levels.  It is fantasic because your kids can learn a lot while playing really fun games.  We own the Leapster and the V-Smile Pocket which is very similar but the Leapster is made much better and can take some abuse.  The Leapster is a great choice to give your child a head start in their learning for school.
My son got this Leapster last Christmas (when he was 3 years old).  Since then he's loved this thing and the beauty of it is the games are very educational.  He is a pro with the thing and whips around various levels.Our Leapster has been very durable (so far) and survived many drops.  My son has most of the games with his favorite so far being Thomas the Train because he likes winning tickets to buy train upgrades at the "Depot".  I imagine Leapster will probably hold his interest for another few years and then he will start demanding the teen systems like Gamboy.Anyway, a thumbs up for Leapfrog for producing good learning toys for young children that they actually enjoy playing.  Keep up the good work.-J.Clark / San Jose, CA
OK, let me start by saying our daughter can't get enough of the Leap products.  They are great tools for play and learning.We gave a Leapster to her for Christmas and she can't play with it enough.  She absolutely loves it.  She's 3 (4 in April) and the age group is for 4 year olds but she still is learning.  There are a few things she does have a hard time with and mainly it's on the Sponge Bob cartridge, counting money is not her forte as of yet.  The colors and graphics are great.  I especially Loooove the volume control.  The concept is pretty much the same from the other Leap products so it was easy for her to acclimate herself with this new "Video Game".  My only complaint is how quickly it goes through batteries.  Looks like we will have to purchase her the recharging system!  No complaints, money well spent.Moms, you know when you know your child is up to no good?  The silence that permeates through the house?  When the hair stands up on the back of your neck because you know your little one is now painting your expensive makeup on their little faces for clown tryouts?  You search for them and find them knee deep in tissue paper or something equally ridiculous?  Well, we had a moment like that just yesterday.  She was silent....too silent.  Walking right past her room, I couldn't find her.  When I realized she was actually in her room and quietly playing her Leapster I was thrilled.  I asked her what she was doing and she proudly told me she was playing her game.Her counting skills have improved so much because of the Leapster.  Next we are purchasing the Draw & Write cartridge.  So far she has no interest in learning how to write her letters, I think with the cartridge she won't mind so much.  Yup, it was a good investment.  Get one for your children now.
I read a zillion reviews on this before Christmas, as we were considering buying it for my 3 1/2 year old nephew.  I noticed that noone mentioned a 2 year old, so I figured it would be way over my daughters head.However, I had mentioned it to my mom, and she bought it for her. I put it away for a few days, and then got it out one day when she wasn't feeling well thinking she could watch me play with it.  Within 2 days, my daughter who turned 2 a week before Christmas, was able to turn it on and navigate her way to her two favorite games, drawing and matching, without me anywhere near her.  I can tell this is going to grow with her for years to come, since even at my age, I love it.  Her favorite part by far is putting the "stamps" of the pig, etc all over the page.She also has the my first leappad, but hadn't really shown much interest in it and didn't seem to get the whole pen concept too much.  Well, since she mastered the Leapster she has shown new interet in the Leappad too.Anyway, if any over zealous parents, such as myself, are thinking about this for their two or three year old, definitely get it.We haven't bought any cartridges yet, but my daughters favorite video is the Letter Factory, so we are going out and getting that cartridge first for her to watch and interact with in the car.
This is the best educational game I have see in a long time. My grandkids love this.
We started out with one Leapster but we had to buy another because both kids were always fighting over it.  My kids are 4 and 7 years old.  We've had our Leapsters for a couple of years.  My daughter has been able to play it since she was 3 years old, though not quite as well as she can now.  My 7 year old still plays with it but we just got a Didj recently and he made the switch.  I think 7 is about the upper age limit and then they start wanting something more.There are games built into the unit, but you really need the cartridges to let it work its magic.  There are cartridges for learning about animals and their habitats, writing skills, reading and math.  The cartridges let the user choose a skill level and save their games for later.  There is a hint button that the kids figured out pretty quickly.  If they don't know the answer, Leapster will help.Durability is more than I ever expected.  Our Leapsters have been dropped by accident and thrown in fits of rage and have survived it all intact without a scratch or dent or any problems with play.My daughter still loves her Leapster.  The games are educational and fun.  I can hear her learning to add and spell and even write her letters.  We have a whole collection of Leapster games and it never gets old for her.  My son also enjoyed Leapster immensely.  It's the best toy investment I've ever made and I'd do it all over.
My son received this at around 4 1\2.He is a huge game and computer fan and has used this more then any other item we have ever given him!It travels great, love that we can hand him headphones so we dont ahve to listen to it.And the best for me is the educational value of the games we can buy for it.
My daughter just received this for her 5th birthday, and hasn't put it down since. She plays with it for at least a half hour in the morning, and again in the afternoon. I have to limit her to it, as with the television, it's very addicting to her. She's learned a lot already just playing around in different areas of the cartridge it came with. We also bought the Mr. Pencil cartridge, which she loves, but you have to really be careful doing the mazes, or it makes you start over and over until you're perfect. The sound on the Leapster is very clear, and the picture it clear too. It comes with a plastic lid that covers the front of it, to prevent minor scratches. The Leapster is kind of overpriced for a toy, but well made. I like it a lot better than the bulkiness of the Leap Pads made by the same company. The Leapster does need somewhere to store the cartridges while not in use, or they would get lost. I would recommend buying the case too. We haven't bought a case yet, but that's next on our list. This Leapster came with one cartridge that teaches shapes, colors and has games to make learning fun. My daughter loves playing with it in the car. The nice thing about it is the volume is adjustable too! So far, it hasn't sucked up the batteries like many people have said. Only time will tell! We recommend buying one of these before your next car trip. At least they learn something while being entertained. It's way better for them than a DVD car player.
This remote control (RC) car is better than we though it would be.  We didn't expect much out of such an affordable RC car, but this thing is fun to drive, and it seems to last a long time on a couple of batteries.Likes:- Small kid friendly. Simple controller fits small hands.  The tank-style controls teach hand-eye coordination in a new way.- Durable.  So far it seems to be holding up great.- Battery use.  We got over two weeks of occasional play before we had to recharge the batteries.- Price.  Great value for an RC car.- Water resistant.  We haven't been able to test this fully submerged but it made it through some puddles without any issues.Dislikes:- None for the price.  Better than expected.Five stars for the great value in a fun toy.
This is the second galaxy morph that our kids own so they each have their own. They take it outside in our neighborhood and walk down by the creek where they love driving them into the water and out again. It keeps them busy and out of my hair for a while, so I'll take it. It is very easy to use, and the first one still works fine after a year of abuse. The real gem here is that it is waterproof and can be put in the water.
I absolutely love this toy.  I'm a fan of Leap Frog to begin with, and this toy does not disappoint.  It's very brightly colored and has all kinds of activities.  My favorite part is that it makes learning fun.  Both of my children love to spin the maracas and hear the funny songs.  There's just so much to do with this little table too, and my kids have yet to tire of it.  Overall it was a fantastic purchase for the money!My one concern is that my son has now tried several times to use the table to climb up to reach higher objects.  This could be said of just about any toy of this height, but just make sure to watch your little one once they hit that climbing age!  I've started putting our table up against a wall and I make sure there's nothing near by that could be pulled down.
My mother bought this for my son.  I think it's great.  My son is 8 months old and he loved it immediately.  We have yet to put it down on the floor without the legs because he likes cruising. The table is sturdy and has so much for little ones to do.As a parent, I also appreciate the sounds and sounds vary. It's not grating on your nerves.  I hope my son grows with this.BTW - one of my nephews has the Fisher Price version of this.  We recently got togther and my son had more interest in the Fisher Price one, but that could have been because it was new to him.
My twin 9 month-olds love the LeapFrog Learn & Groove(tm) Musical Table. I don't mind it one bit. All the musical sounds are short lasting, so it's not annoying to listen to continuously. The number of different musical sounds coming from this toy is impressive. There are more musical sounds that they can create than with any of their other toys by far.Since they're still so small, I'm not using the legs yet. I just place it on the floor, and sometimes they get right on top of it just to reach for all of the options from one position. If they're joyful, I can tell by the way they play with it. If they're sleepy and cranky, I can tell that also. If they hit a key intermittently, they're probably sleepy or distracted by something else. When they really go at it, they're full of energy and very happy.This toy has requires different motor skills to create all the sounds. For example, there is a knob that must be pulled sideways, there is a "page" that must be flipped, there are piano-like keys and there are objects to hit. Surprisingly, they learned all of these options on their own within minutes of introduction to this toy. You don't have to teach a child how to use this toy.
It was a bit like Deja Vu. Recently, my wife and I purchased the "LeapFrog Learn & Groove Musical Table" for our nephew. Of all the presents that he received this one was the biggest hit. I thought that we would need to buy one for our own daughter. Then on the first day at daycare I notice that there are only a few toys available to the kids and this is one of them. In fact, two kids were playing on it as we walked in. It seems like it is a hit with all the children!It has two setting, one that is just music and another that has educational content. When it is on educational mode it helps your child learn his numbers, alphabet, "open" and "Close", colors and a few other things. If you really want to play hardball you can put the table in Spanish mode - and hear everything in a second language. I guess I could learn a thing or two, too!The music is fun and loud enough - almost too loud. Remember it is a "Musical Table" and your child will use it as such so don't be surprised when they pull up to it or use it to store their favorite stuffed animal.Final Verdict - This musical table seems to be popping up everywhere, and unlike the flu that seems to be a good thing. It tells me that it is popular and durable, which in the eyes of a parent is a tough combination to beat!5 Stars
The LeapFrog Learn & Groove Musical Table is a wonderful toy that should give your child many years of enjoyment.  My grandson began playing with this at five months old and is still enthusiastically using it seventeen months later.Our little one received this when he was born; he began playing with it once he was able to sit up.  At that time, either his parents or grandparents would sit with him on the floor and turn the table so that he could become familiar with the different activities.  We did, initially, push the buttons and turn the "pages," but he soon was able to do those things on his own.When our grandson began to crawl, we no longer turned the table; he had to move around the table to play with the option he wanted. As for its durability, the table withstood his sitting on it, even though he was a larger baby.Once he began to pull up, my son-in-law attached the legs so that our grandson could use the table to hold onto as he moved from activity to activity.  This gave him the confidence he needed to "walk" and the motivation to move from place to place safely.  The legs were easy to put on; the seams were smooth and we found no sharp edges that might cut a little one's skin.  Any such issues could have been easily resolved using fine grit sandpaper or a file.  Our little one continues to play his "piano," as this is what he named his LeapFrog Learn & Groove Musical Table.  Rather than walking around the table, he sometimes lays across the table to reach an activity.  At 31 pounds, he is no light-weight, but the table has shown no signs that it cannot support that weight.As a grandparent, I like the variety of familiar song snippets the LeapFrog Learn & Groove Musical Table plays; the various instruments and musical styles that are included in its repertoire; and the fact that a child must move through numerous choices instead of repeatedly, without interruption, playing only one song.  The lively music and minimum of flashing light options is delightful.I highly recommend the LeapFrog Learn & Groove Musical Table to any parent or grandparent who wants a sturdy, fun-to-play-with, and long-lasting toy for their own little one.  It is something that will encourage a love of music, particularly if a child begins to play with it early in their life.  The LeapFrog Learn & Groove Musical Table would also be an excellent gift for anyone who is having a baby or as a first birthday gift.  It is a good value as it has a longer play-life than many toys.  In my opinion, the LeapFrog Learn & Groove Musical Table is definitely a 5-star product.
My daughter received this as a gift when she was seven months old and it quickly became her favorite toy. She has now been playing with it every day for close to two months.  She was standing well but had just started cruising a little when we got the table so she had some difficulty in navigating around it at first.  The table has a variable surface and each side needed a different approach if she was going to stand and play with the toys.  Even after placing the table on a playmat to keep it from skidding we had to be close by to catch her on the inevitable tumbles and each attempt ot get around a corner was a struggle.  Since then, she's made lots of improvement in moving around and maintaining her balance.  While most of that is just growing up, the fun factor of the table motivated her to challenge herself.  Overall, this is a great toy for little ones but parents should be aware that new standers and cruisers may have a hard time holding on.
I first bought this toy for my daughter who is now three.  She played with it from the time she was first able to stand (it is sturdy enough for a child to pull themselves up on without tipping over) until around 2-2 1/2 years.  She was very rough on this toy--climbing on top of it, spilling juice on it and pushing it around the room.It has washed up well with a few bleach wipes and looks good as new now that my son is starting to take interest in it at 10 months.All in all, I am very pleased with this toy and it would be near the top of my list if I were going to purchase a gift for another child.
This is a great toy for a very wide age range. I bought this for my son a month ago when he was 8mos old. Obviously he's to young to learn colors, ABC's, or the difference between up and down, but the music only setting is great for infants! He plays with all the colorful gadgets and loves the music that comes from each instrument!Also, it's great that you can use just the tabletop. My son has just learned to pull himself up on furniture and such, but he's still a bit off balance...it's nice that you can detach the top so little ones don't hit their heads on the way down! I absolutely recommend this toy. I think it'll be a wonderful learning tool for when he's older, but for now, it's great at keeping his attention with music and lights!
My daughter has been playing with this toy since she was about 9 months old - before she learned to stand and walk we kept the legs off of the toy and let it sit on the floor so she could play with it, or put just 2 of the legs on and let it sit on the floor at an angle and she was able to play with it easier while she was sitting up.  Once she was learning to stand and walk we added the legs and she would love to go around and around the little table playing with the little toys - there are lots of little activities on this table.Now at 18 months she still loves to play with this and dances along to the songs and (tries) to sing along with the ABC's and counting songs.  This has definitely been a worth-while purchase considering how long she has been playing with it, so many toys often have such a small window of play time as they grow up so I would definitely recommend this one.
(3 AA's).I came here ready to write a bad review and give this away, because after only a couple of months, the audio seemed to be totally corrupt.  It was still loud, but it was buzzing and making all sorts of weird noises.  I generally think of &#34;needs new batteries&#34; when audio gets quiet.  Not when it gets loud and obnoxious.But I saw someone else's review suggesting that this was caused by low batteries.  So I changed mine.  And Voila!  Good as new.  In retrospect, it actually gave a lot of use from the 3 AA's it came with.  My daughter loves this, and it's how she learned to stand.  It's a fantastic toy.  Buy it ... but after you do, when and if the sound gets funky down the road, remember to consider the batteries before you decide it's trash.
WOW Harry Copter's Animal Rescue 5-piece set is made like Goldilocks - just right! The toy manufacturer, WOW, does not add function and expense that kids don't need. Some would be tempted to add batteries and a wireless remote to make the helicopter fly through the air and hover over its rescue target. But that's the way adults play - not 2- to 8-year-olds. Kids just grab the copter in their hands and flying it using their hands.And that is just how the Harry Copter works. The child places the three rescue targets - Leo the Lion, Amanda the Panda, and Eric the crocodile - on the floor and lowers the hand-held copter toward them and rescues each with a magnetic lift and drops them off by turning the search light. Before taking off the player squeezes a trigger to activate the motorized blades which ten start turning. Squeezing the trigger also activates a realistic engine sound and clicking tail rotor sounds.This toy is so much fun it will keep adults occupied for an hour and should keep your 4-yuear-old occupied for half a day, maybe between breakfast and lunch.  And another thing to like - no batteries. A great gift, or keep it yourself to play with between TV shows.
How durable the toy is will only be told through time, however it seems sturdily built and substantial. The kids love playing with it and do not seem to tire of it.  This is the first WOW toy I've had and I am impressed with the colors and the fact you do not need batteries to make it function.  I don't think this will be the last one I get.
I like this toy because it allows the child to use his or her imagination and create scenarios.  Love the magnetic animals and the fact this toy doesn't need batteries.  Seems durable, even with what I would call rough play.  From what I've seen so far, I would certainly recommend this toy.
My son just LOVES this toy! Right out of the box, he was running around the room making the propeller spin and diving down to rescue animals left in various states of jeopardy.  While the release mechanism doesn't really seem designed for his small three year old hands, he has no problem using the magnet to pick up his animals.  The pilot/vet included is also a nice touch, as it gives him a character with whom he can identify and make the hero of his little adventures.  The trigger mechanism to whirl the rotters works just fine and the whole things designed for durability.  No doubt about it, this is a keeper and sure to get lots of attention around our house.
I love this toy and so does my tot.  As a parent, I love it because it's simple but engaging fun without requiring batteries.  The magnetic feature allows you to "rescue" animals and by turning the search light you can drop them off.  This takes coordination and skills.  You can also make the helicopter blades and it makes sounds like a rotor.  My 2 year old has stuck his hands in the "blades" while we were making them spin and they are very gentle, does not hurt at all.  I think this is a toy my child can grow with and it is great that it does not even require batteries like so many toys.
I'm very pleased with this toy animal rescue helicopter - really appreciate that it does not require batteries and has a lot of room for a child to use his/her own imagination while playing with it. My 3 year old grandson loved making the propeller go and carried it around with him everywhere for a couple of days.
Within moments out of the box my grandson was playing with the copter and the animals. You can see it in his eyes the joy and wonder over such toys that spark imagination. Very colorful and no batteries required, I believe this will be a toy he will be playing with for a long time.
Every kids that sees this toy loves it!  The helicopter flies around everywhere on "rescue missions" to save the animals and bring them home safely.  The animals are adorable and the helicopter lifts the toys by an embedded magnet in the top of the animal and the noise of the helicopter.  When you rotate the search light on the helicopter the magnet retracts and the animal drops away.My only complaint is that the trigger action that causes the helicopter blades to spin only lasted about 10min.  The kids hardly miss it and the rest of the toys has definitely been through more than it's fair share of crashes and tug of war matches but it's a bummer to have a cool feature break so quickly.  Even with that weakness this is still a great toy and I'd recommend it.***UPDATE***We wrote to the folks at WOW and they set us a new Harry Copter's Animal Rescue and the blade spinning action is top notch with this one.  Kudo's for AWESOME support above and beyond!
Adorable.  Simply adorable.  Well made in the extreme, this soft little doll is suitable for a child's first doll and is wonderful in that there's no pokey pieces or hard buttons to scratch a sweet little face.  The doll is a bit smaller than many, which makes it the perfect size for toddler hands.The only gripe is that it comes sold in a plastic bag, which makes it difficult if you are giving it as a gift...you'll need to find a box.  In my case, my child loves it and this realistic (yet not plastic) face is sweet.
This doll is absolutely adorable!  It is so soft and cuddly.  It's perfect for those little girls under the age of four.  I make handmade dolls and I can tell when a doll is well made.  This doll is well made!  The little tuff of hair on the head will definitely not make it through a lot of play.  But that is to be expected.  It can be sewn down more secure or glued on to make it adhere better.  Personally, I don't think it would make much difference without that little bit of hair.  The toes and fingers are nicely sculpted.  The clothes come off easily because every little girl is going to take off the clothes at some point.  The little bracelet is a nice touch but I don't see it lasting very long either.  The arms and legs move so she can be posed in different positions.  Such a cute little doll!  My two year old granddaughter is going to love her.  Cannot recommend this doll high enough.  I'd give more stars if I could!
This is such an adorable, soft, sweet high quality baby doll.  My four year old has "twin" boy and girl dolls.  Each come with a hat (sewn on so it won't get lost), a shirt (removable) and a diaper (removable).  Each doll has a wristband that is meant to look like a hospital ID band and a place for you to write the doll's name and birth date.  The diaper is really simple for young ones to change and reattach.  The dolls are soft and a perfect size for little hands.  The pinkish hue in the cheeks and all of the details like that make these special dolls that your child with cherish.
Little girls love it, it loves little girls.What was I thinking? This is such a cuddly doll, and such a reasonable price, that we should have ordered two&#8230;TWINS. It is soft and light, perfect for a little girl of almost any size. If the child is now too young for the 3 clothing items that can be removed, then just save them for later. Removable items are a white diaper, and matching top and cap. Cap is attached, sewn into seam, but can be made removable if desired. Diaper and top use Velcro fasteners. Easy for the little girl playing Mama. This sweet baby doll is as cuddly as a pillow or blankie.Squeezable, yet pops immediately back to its original form. Recommended for daily use by all sweet lovable little granddaughters.
My 3 year old loves her &#34;babies&#34; and this rosy cheeks just became her fave.  Oddly, my first impression given how soft and cuddly this doll is, it reminded me of a teddy bear and duh..seeing the company North American Bear makes it, perhaps that's the effect they were trying to achieve.  The doll is washable which is huge for us parents but is soft and light for your little one to bring everywhere.
This is the sweetest, most winsome baby doll I have ever seen! I also received her &#34;brother&#34; to review as an Amazon Vine reviewer. My granddaughter will receive these dear dolls as gifts this Easter when she is 5 1/2 months old. This baby is incredibly soft - she feels as if she is made from a micro-plush - it makes me want to hug her! She has dear features and wears a bemused expression. She also has a stitched &#34;belly button&#34; which is so cute. Her clothes (minimal layette clothing) are velcro-closed.  I know both dolls will be much-loved!
Well, this was &#34;baby doll&#34; number 10 to join the family and it's already the favorite baby doll of the lot.  When our two year old opened it on Christmas morning, her eyes lit up, she smiled, and she immediately walked over to her little rocking chair and started singing her a lullaby.  It was a priceless moment.What she (and I) like about this doll is the soft touch.  She has a lot of plastic dolls, but the fabric doll is so soft and squishy (especially its cute little bum) that she just loves to hold it, sing to it, rock it, stroll it, etc, etc, etc.I also like the fact that there are plenty of outfits for this doll.  I'll definitely look at an outfit for her 3rd birthday in April.
I like how this is between a stuffed toy and a doll. It is easy to snuggle and feels wonderful to the touch.  Be aware that it is not really posable if that matters to you.  It is perfect for when your little ones want to take a dolly to bed but you worry about a plastic doll being hard and not very comfortable to sleep well with.  It has a very sweet little face too.
This baby is soft and squishy, perfect for a small child to cuddle with and love on.  The shirt and diapers come off easily, which is very fun for the child.  The hat does not come off, which frustrates my daughter, but I'm glad it is not removable.  It would surely be lost if it did.  Overall, this doll is exactly what we hoped for - safe, cute, and soft.
My 3 1/2 year old daughter has been asking for a boy baby doll for several weeks.  Oddly enough, boy dolls are hard (impossible) to find at my local stores.  A few weeks ago, I was offered this North American Bear Company Rosy Cheeks Baby Girl doll through the Amazon Vine program.  At the same time, I was also offered the boy doll as well.North American Bear Company Rosy Cheeks Baby Blonde BoySince I had been on the search for a boy baby doll for a few weeks, I was quite excited, and even more pleased that my little girl would have a set of boy/girl twins.These are such cute and cuddly dolls.  They're very soft, and perfect for a little girl to take to bed at night.  My daughter often lays her head on one as a pillow.  The manufacturer's recommendation is age 3 and up, but I can't imagine why this wouldn't be suitable for a baby of just 8 or 9 months old.  I cannot see any type of chocking hazard.
What is there not to like about this baby doll? She is soft and cuddly and makes an excellent choice for a quality baby doll. She has a removable shirt and diaper and is adorable in every way.  She is an easy 5 star review.
This is a wonderful soft, plush babydoll that is adorable, cute, and ready to play with right out of the package. I appreciate the fact that it didn't come with any extraneous packaging, making it easy to take out and play with immediately.
This doll is very cute - my 7 year old daughter loves the adorable face and the &#34;funny&#34; hair. The soft filling makes it a good sleeping companion. The diaper comes off frequently, but we have some clothes from other dolls that he can wear. The outer material seems to be quite durable and the whole doll can be put in the washer if necessary.
It is a really nice quality baby doll. You don't see many boy babies, so I thought it was a good addition to my 2 year old's collection (though she still insists it's a girl). It is very soft and therefore can sleep in the crib with my daughter. I like the design of the diaper, though it's still a little hard for my daughter to put on the baby doll by herself.
Adorable cloth doll with stitches on expression (no buttons) &#8211; very soft and huggable.&#8226; Nice 15 inch large size&#8226; Simple, easy on easy off clothingWould make a perfect gift!
This little doll is a cutie with those little rosy cheeks. It is about 13 inches or so, and is the perfect size to be manageable for a young child. It is super soft, so is the ideal sleeping or carseat companion. The clothes are very nice, like a real baby's clothes. I would think this would be an ideal doll for a toddler, although my seven year old granddaughter loves it, too. Cuddly, cute, perfect cloth doll.
This is the sweetest, most winsome baby doll I have ever seen! I also received his &#34;sister&#34; to review as an Amazon Vine reviewer. My granddaughter will receive these dear dolls as gifts this Easter when she is 5 1/2 months old. This baby is incredibly soft - he feels as if he is made from a micro-plush - it makes me want to hug him! He has dear features and wears a bemused expression. He also has a stitched &#34;belly button&#34; which is so cute. His clothes (minimal layette clothing) are velcro-closed.  I know both dolls will be much-loved!
This adorable soft baby doll is great. The size is manageable for a toddler and it would be a terrific gift for a child who has just had a baby brother enter the family.  The jacket and diaper are removable and the doll is great for a cuddle. Buy it!
This doll is so soft and cuddly I gave it to my granddaughter and she hasn't put it down yet. She loves it and it makes me so happy to see her enjoy it so much. She calls her bube :)
Such a sweet hug-gable squishy doll! Perfect for naps and snuggles. I got him for my grandson who is 2.5 thinking it would be a good way for him to start relating to the names of body parts i.e. feet, fingers, belly button etc.Kids will like the fact that they can remove and replace the dolls clothing and then show how they can get themselves dressed too. I also think it's good for little kids to feel they are nurturing someone so taking care of some of the dolls imagined needs helps build empathizing skills too. It would make a great gift, also, for someone who was going to be a big brother or sister soon.
My 3 1/2 year old daughter has been asking for a boy baby doll for several weeks.  Oddly enough, boy dolls are hard (impossible) to find at my local stores.  When I was offered this North American Bear Company Rosy Cheeks Baby Boy through the Amazon Vine product, I was quite excited.  We also received the baby girl doll from this company, so my daughter has a set of twins, which she was thrilled about.  Here's a link to the girl doll:North American Bear Company Rosy Cheeks Baby Blonde (Girl)These are such cute and cuddly dolls.  They're very soft, and perfect for a little girl to take to bed at night.  My daughter often lays her head on one as a pillow.  The manufacturer's recommendation is age 3 and up, but I can't imagine why this wouldn't be suitable for a baby of just 8 or 9 months old.  I cannot see any type of chocking hazard.
This is a basic strategy game for youngsters.  The object is simple: get rid of your penguins.  You do so by placing them on the unstable iceberg and hoping that other players cause them to fall when placing their penguins.  Simple enough.The penguins are not assembled.  However, snapping them together as a family was fun for everyone.  It isn't too hard to do, and children can do it with a bit of guidance.The overall quality is fair.  The plastic isn't "Tonka tough," but this also isn't a game where the pieces are going to experience any undue stress under normal game play conditions.  It's plenty adequate for what it is.  The penguins fit together pretty well if you're careful about how you assemble them.In all, this is a great rainy day game for kids.  Our kindergartner and our fifth grader both like it.
Okay, I thought Funny Bunny was a really fun game, but Penguin Pile-Up now moves to the top of the list. You get these cute little plastic penguins and an ice glacier that tips as you place the penguins on it. The first player to get all their penguins onto the iceberg is the winner. This game is great because there is no reading or batteries required. It's also great because you can play by yourself or with up to 6 players. It is a real challenge to balance your penguins since the iceberg is very sensitive and tips pretty easily. If young children are playing and getting frustrated with how easily their penguins fall off, you can take the iceberg out of the water and place it on the table. It will no longer tip, but the younger kids will have fun just trying to find space to place all their penguins. Ravensburger is a great game company and their games are well made and well designed. As an adult, I love not having to buy batteries. The kids can drag this game out anytime and just have fun. This is a fun game for kids and adults alike.
I had this game in my fourth grade classroom for use during recess.  It was a perfect game for that setting.  Several can play, besides being fun to watch.  No reading or counting is required.  It was also nice because we had recess residents from the special classes, and they could compete, too.  The rounds move quickly enough that several children got turns during our twenty minute breaks.  The only thing is keeping up with the penguins, but we managed.
This is really a great family game.  I know it's a good one when my kids choose this over Wii. :)We've played it with ages 5-80, and all have enjoyed it.When you first get the game, you need to assemble the penguins which is a little bit of a pain, but my kids enjoyed doing it.  (9 and 7 year old.)  Other than that, not really much set up.  You each get 12 penguins (and there's a spare penguin as well) and you take turns balancing the penguins on the ice.  You can turn the ice if you need to, but any penguins that fall go into your pile.We've found that for beginning and younger kids, it's easier to each have 6 penguins to start with.  You can then add penguins as they get more talented.it can also be played alone which is nice.No batteries.  No noise. :)
You can't help but smile playing this game!Such a simple but fun game. Extremely quick to set up and easy to explain the concept/goal to new players. Even my 3 year old quickly got the hang of it and even learned a thing or two about balance. I like that it's not an overly long game and that it's one of those that my 3 yr old and 6 yr old can play on their own without adult help. We all really enjoyed playing this game, children and adults alike!
I played with this first with a younger child, who had a little trouble with the balancing. He still loved the game, though. Then my older (13) twins saw the box and HAD to play it! They loved it too!! Much more strategy playing with older kids!It is sort of a pain when you open it because none of the penguins are put together. It seemed simple to snap the black part (which sorta looked like a batman cape) on the white, but some of them didn't want to "snap." With 2 people though, it went quickly enough. Also, my set did not have a flag in it. It was just missing. It didn't seem to affect the play, though.You just divide the penguins evenly among the players, then take turns balancing one somewhere on the tipsy iceberg. If some fall during your turn, you must add the fallen ones to your pile. First one with none left, wins. That's it. Very simple. I don't think very young children would like it because it takes a little skill and a steady hand to get them to balance. There are some areas that are simple, but once those are gone, you have to be careful. My older kids play this at least once a week, and they don't really play that many board games. I think they like it because it is simple to set up and fast to play.
This game is lots of fun for kids of any age - and adults too!  My daughter and I had a blast playing this - we spent at least an hour playing the first time, and later in the day she enjoyed playing it by herself.  The object of the game is to place the penguins on the wobbly iceberg without knocking your penguin or any others off.  It's tricky but not too hard once you've tried it a few times, and lots of fun.A heads-up if you're giving this as a gift -  the penguins come in pieces that you have to snap together (one time only).  It's not hard but it is a little time consuming, so if you want to make the gift-receiver a little more thankful you could assemble the penguins before wrapping the box.
This is a really nerve-wracking--but fun!--game with a real slippery twist on the typical stacking game.Set-Up:The penguins come in three plastic pieces and must be assembled prior to playing. They're a bit tough to snap together, so this is probably best handled by an adult. I got one extra penguin--25 instead of 24. Of course, it's a nice thing to get an extra piece! But I just wanted to mention it since it's a good idea to count the number of penguins you end up with before dividing them up between players, because it may not be 24 as described.Play:Players take turns placing a penguin anywhere on the "ice." The "ice"--or rather, the surface of the plastic--is intentionally extra-slippery, so it's a challenge to get a foothold with the penguins. Typical balance games that I have played don't usually have an extra added feature like this texture--which makes it more of a challenge! Aside from the "ice" being slippery, the iceberg tips in all directions, since it's just sitting atop a center post stand. One nice feature about the game is that you're allowed to spin the iceberg (not the game base) around to look for a decent spot to put a penguin--although that also adds to the risk that penguins will drop. Any penguins that drop on your turn must be taken by you. The goal is to get rid of all of your penguins first.You can think you're winning, and then suddenly--most of the penguins fall and there's no chance! The game is nicely done in that as little as one penguin will fall . . . or a bunch. You just never know.There's also a one-player game--trying to get ALL of the included penguins on the iceberg. It's tricky, because they just barely fit since there's not much room on the little "ice" tiers. But it's possible! (You CAN fit on 25 penguins, if you also get an extra!)This game is really fun, and set-up is simple after the initial penguin assembly. I like the fact that the texture of the ice adds to the challenge, making it not only a weight balancing game, but also one of trying to find a decent foothold for the penguins, so they don't slip off. It's also a neat touch that Ravensburger included a second game option.The only slightly negative thing I can think of is that the penguins are just black and white, with white eyes and a black bow-tie. It would have been nice if orange and red had been added to the color palette. But that's not all that important.
This toy contains 1 game base, 1 iceberg with flag, and 24 penguins.  Ravensburger says that it can be played within 15 minutes, but playing the game with multiple children can extend the time of the game.The game is nice because it can be played by one child as well as six children, as advertised.  It is also a fun game for parents to play with their children.  I caution, though, playing it with small children or leaving it out in a house with small children, as the penguin pieces are choking hazards.While the toy is advertised for children 5 years and older, I would recommend this game for children 6 pieces an older because it requires the player to have dexterity.  While there are many small pieces in this game, the good part is that the game can still be played if a few of the pieces are missing.  (Whoever heard of a small child misplacing game pieces? :))As with all Ravensburger products that I have played, this game is made of high quality materials and is quite durable.  You really can't go wrong with this game and will have lots of fun playing it.
I'm a big fan of Hit-A-Ways and have both stick versions (softball, baseball) as well as a softball version that straps to a post. With just a few minutes of working with this I notice a big change in hand-eye coordination for both girls and boys and hitting does improve. This one is great but made for younger boys. I like that the post can double as a tee and that the bat is softer and wider than normal bats so is perfect for very young/ first time players, likely aged 3 to 6. Once they get to 6/7 divisions I switch out to the stick version.Great product that really works.
We were a little late to the baseball diamond with our son.  He was a little concerned about starting to play because, at six years old, he hadn't played, but his friends had been on teams for a year or two.  (We missed a couple opportunities to get him started due to excusable parental negligence).When we offered to sign him into a team with his friends, he was worried that they'd all be much better than him.  OK, that's probably still going to be true for a while, but I ordered this batting trainer to just let him get a whole bunch of hours (and confidence) swinging the bat at the ball.It worked.  He holds the bat better (and comfortably).  He's excited to join the team.Sure am glad there's a cheap toy / trainer to relive us of the guilt of parental negligence by waiting until the ripe old age of 6 to get him started.
When I saw this as an option to review for Amazon, I thought my kids would get a kick out of it.  I had no idea just how much fun they would have!!  My daughter is 10 and my son is 6.  I thought my son would get more use out of this, but I have to say that they love this car equally as much.  To be honest, they fight like crazy over who gets to ride it.  I am truly and seriously considering purchasing another one so that they will each have their own.The PlasmaCar comes is a big box - the actual box, so if this is a gift, please be aware of that fact.  Once opened, the car is in a few pieces - the body, the steering wheel and the two sets of wheels.  You will need a rubber hammer or a regular hammer with a thick piece of cardboard or wood block to product the plastic while you pound.  Now, do not be afraid - the only hammering needed is to tap in the wheels and the steering column - no biggie.  These are the only steps to put together the car from start to finish.  Do be aware that you need to be sure that the steering column is in all the way otherwise the car will not work properly - it should fit in snug and not allow the user to lift the column up and down, only side to side.Using the PlasmaCar is simple and FUN!  Simply sit on the seat, grab the steering wheel and twist back and forth.  The back and forth action, along with the movement of your body will get the car going.  I have to say that I was pleasantly surprised at how fast the car can go.  The instructions say up to 6 mph!  Pretty speedy for something like this.  My kids play with the car in the house, as well as outside.  The best surface is a hard and smooth surface, so will not work well on carpet or grass.Do I recommend this?  Very highly!!!  It is a great toy to exercise your body as well as have fun.  It also appears to be incredibly durable, so should last hopefully several years to come!
Aren't these just the coolest things? I first saw a PlasmaCar at a pizza place/indoor playground last year. My daughter loved them as soon as she got on, and ended up playing with the PlasmaCars more than the play structures. The problem was that I didn't know what they were called (neither did the kids working there) and never saw them in stores. I recently got a chance to score one of these and my daughter was thrilled to have one of her own. This is one of those "toys" that should last any child for a long time.Assembly is simple. The only tools you'll need are a rubber mallet and a Philips screwdriver. There aren't any screws to put in, but the screwdriver is needed to tighten the nut on the steering shaft with the included socket tool. Once everything's tested for safety, you're ready to go! Just push along the floor and the PlasmaCar slides along any hard floor perfectly. It manages to keep a good speed on its own for a while too. The foot rests are a welcome addition as well- the design of this product is practically perfect. Normally I can find faults with just about anything...but not this time. This is a good little car, and it doesn't make much noise either! This is also one of those things that kids will probably enjoy just sitting on while watching tv or eating a snack.The PlasmaCar is very sturdy, more than I was expecting for something in this price range. The wheels and steering wheel aren't in any danger of breaking off unless the PlasmaCar is roughly used...or maybe driven down a flight of stairs by a curious adult. As mentioned by many others, adults can use these cars too. I'm about 152 pounds and it glides just the same as when my 5 year old daughter drives it. The weight limit is supposed to be 200 pounds, so keep that in mind.As long as you have the room for it to be used, the PlasmaCar would make an excellent gift to anyone, regardless of age, within the weight limit. There's a good variety of colors, and stickers can always spruce things up. I won't lie- there are days when I look at it for a few seconds, debating on if I should drive it to the kitchen to get something.
Very cool car.  Of course my kids did not find it as fun as the Radio Flyer Ziggle, but it still a lot of fun.  My wife loves it too and tried it out.  Very few moving parts and the assembly is easy.  Only tricky part is make sure you have a rubber mallet.I wish I had this when I was a kid.
Our six year old daughter loves this little car.  She thinks it's a car from the future due to its design.  It was easy to put together, and the red is lovely.  We have ceramic tile floors in a lot of our home, so she is mostly riding it on those.  It doesn't go on the carpet well.  There was a break in period where she had to figure out how to propel it, and once she did, it was simple for her.  We did take it outside to the driveway to help mar up the plastic tires, and now it's easier for her to ride inside the house.  She parks it in the dining room, and rides it when she goes back to our bedroom, or her bedroom.  My husband (six foot four inches, 220 pounds) was also able to steer this and ride it, but not uphill (our daughter also couldn't get it to go up the incline of our driveway.)  She loves it, so we love it!
The car is lightweight but well built. Not very hard to put together. Packaging suffices to get it to your door with damage. Our local target used to carry these and the one they had put together lasted several months with I am sure a lot of drive time up and down the aisle. Good for kids in the 2-5 age range. Smooth surfaces are a must in order for it to work. I would guess it would work outdoors on semi smooth surfaces like a concrete driveway but I don't think the wheels would hold up long to that kind of surface. Hardwood floors, linoleum, or finished concrete like in a garage would be best. These are usually very well priced on Amazon as well going for well below retail. At that price they are a good deal. Encourages active play and coordination skills.
First off, the car arrived in a box that clearly said what it was, with pictures on the outside. If you're ordering this for a holiday or birthday, you probably want to hide it quick when it arrives. Set up should have been relatively simple, but somehow I managed to lock the bolt into the steering wheel without actually attaching it to the car. I emailed the company and after describing what parts I needed to replace (and trying to pay for them), they assured me it was under warranty and a few days later the replacement parts showed up at my front door. After carefully following the directions this time, my daughter was up and off. When people say that you need a smooth surface, they aren't kidding. Our driveway was expanded at one point and the car just won't go on the expansion which is slightly more rough. The original driveway is much smoother and my daughter had no problem getting this car to go. It also works great in our kitchen and turns on a dime. I love how it's kid powered and requires no batteries or electricity. She loves it and it's the first thing she plays with when she gets home from school. Overall I give it 4 stars for the car itself (really wish it worked on more surfaces) and an extra star for great customer service.
My son came across one of these from a friend of his and really liked it.  When it showed up on Amazon, we knew we had to get it for him.  All three of my kids are able to use this.  And my 185 lb. self has also taken it for a spin around the kitchen.  No need to use your feet; just the motion of the turning wheel/ bar puts the plasma car into motion.  It really is a wonderful experience.  Easy to use and fun to ride.  We have used ours inside the house and out.  Hard surfaces only... unless you want to scoot yourself along.  Enjoy!
I got it for my three year old, but his two brothers ride it too, the car goes excellent on the solid surface (wood and ceramic tile), not so great on the carpet, but it is still useable there, too. The three year old didn't figure out how to make it go, so he pushes himself forward with his feet, but his older brothers figured it out very quickly and all three of them had a lot of fun with it. It is very maneuverable on the hard surfaces, you can make sharp turns and go backward with great speed.  Even I tried to ride, I am glad it can support an average adult (up to 220 pounds).My youngest calls it "helicopter car"
So fun and super durable.  This is our second Plasma car and I can tell that these things are built really solid.  I have ridden it with both my young kids sitting and standing on it (~230 lbs total) and the thing doesn't give you any sense of failing.  We live on a decent size hill and have ridden it screaming down the black top countless times.  This is a lot fun and even more so if everyone has one so you can race.
True to the product description, the PlasmaCar is super easy to put together. The only real tool required is a hammer or mallet, but we even substituted that for just something heavy enough to pound two pieces together. Total assembly time was less than five minutes.Once we got this together, everyone wanted to try it. My 6-year-old instantly declared it "the best toy ever!" and, no, she hadn't seen the product description. We have an open floor arrangement in the house, and we've kept the PlasmaCar inside, where she likes to steer it around the living room while watching TV. My 2-year-old loves this, too. It was total instinct for him to just get on and start steering. He's not always adept at getting it to go where he wants it to (and he can't quite follow our directions), but he can easily get it to go (and when it doesn't go fast enough for him, he just puts his feet down and pushes, wish he seems to enjoy just as much). The hubby tried this too, and was appropriately impressed that it really could safely and sturdily carry an adult.I can easily see why this won a Toy of the Year Award--it really is a lot of fun.
My little ones really like this there 10 and , 3 you know I like it as well--even adults can ride it of course (up to 200 pounds) you will look silly but it is fun. It is kid powered so great excerise and no batteries or charging. It seems very well built and sturdy I suspect we will be using this for many years to come.
We decided to wait and give this product as part of gifts for Christmas. They were primarily for our two younger sons who are 3 and 5, however our older daughters who are 9 and 11 quickly took to them and were riding them. They are very easy to assemble. My father-in-law was able to get this together in no time. (we all play Christmas elves on Christmas eve). They will hold adult weight. I will admit to sitting on the PlasmaCar and testing the comfort for quality assurance before Christmas morning.One bit of warning: these should be used outdoors. We have hardwood floors on our main level and my kids took them for a spin around the house a few times before I realized the PlasmaCar was scratching up my wood floors! So be forewarned!
I wasn't sure if my daughter would enjoy this, she has a regular bike with trainers. We have a large deck out back and the moment I assembled this, she played with it for hours. I think she loves the very tactile sense of motion. Maybe I am over thinking it. Assembly is pretty easy but DO read the instructions. Make sure you "crank" that steering wheel but on as hard as you can - as someone to help if you can't do it alone. If the steering wheel nut isn't tight then you lose a lot of the motion.Great fun and extremely durable!!
Plasmacars are awesome for kids and adults. A toddler can easily ride one. Your husband can easily ride one. That is why you don't buy just one. You need two of those things (at least) so you can race! These remind me of a slightly more comfortable version of the Flying Turtle we had as kids. They are very easy to assemble. They also last. We've got a couple that are 3 years old that sit out in the rain that still look like new.
We have a driveway with a sidewalk that slopes down to our yard.  I got on at the top of the driveway and turned the steering wheel to get my 130 lbs. going and off I went racing down the sidewalk and into the yard.  The kids took turns next and the neighbors had to peer over to see what all the laughter was about.  It requires no batteries and does not have to be recharged which is great!  One can get enough momentum to travel around even on a flat surface by turning the steering wheel back and forth.  The car comes in other colors but the red is pretty snazzy.  We love it and it is getting a lot of play out in this nice fall weather.
This Plasma Car is totally kid powered. It was very easy to put together and well constructed.  Kids are very happy riding this toy. They catch on very quickly as to how to maneuver the wheels to start the friction or just push it with your feet like my 2 1/2 year old did before she learned how to turn the wheel. It allows you to make very tight turns. We actually use ours inside and outside. At random I find the kids on it roaming the house for fun. Being it cuts turns so nice and glides they can maneuver it without hitting anything. My daughter rides it in the house every day. Its actually parked in our kitchen in the corner as they use it so much! Its been great over the winter season when they can't go out and ride bikes in the snow and such. Come Spring we will use it outside more as well but it has been awesome inside. Its recommend to use on a flat surface which makes total sense. Grass.. gravel sand, etc won't work. Carpet won't work either.My 13 year old it too. I would recommend this for a special needs child like my son. He does need to keep some sort of balance on the car, and steer it but its great fun for him to just roam around. He too uses it often and even at 13 and tall, he fits on it fine. I have tried it and it is alot of fun, once you try it, you will be hooked!Younger kids under 2 1/2 probably will have trouble steering it. With my daughter I sat on it and then had her on my lap and we did it that way til she learned. We have owned this a few months now, and it has met and exceeded all our expectations. I waited to review to see if my kids still had interest in it and they have not had a single day go by where no one uses it. Its a huge hit!
When children argue over a toy, you know it's a hit.  If you could only hear my kids fight yesterday, you'd know PlasmaCar is a roaring success.I knew they'd like it.  Their friends have two PlasmaCars and my kids always ride on them when they visit.  When we see the cars at the mall, they always have to have a go.Our one and only car has been in constant use ever since I put it together.ASSEMBLYYou'll need a rubber mallet and a screwdriver with a long, skinny shaft.  The type of screwdriver doesn't matter, you'll be using the shaft for leverage.It's very easy to assemble.  I put it together in just a few minutes.  Attach the wheels and steering wheel and you're done.INDOORS OR OUTDOORSThis car can be used on any hard, smooth surface.  I don't recommend a gravel road or carpeting.  It's great on tile and hardwood floors and is a good indoor riding toy.  Operate by turning the steering wheel back and forth, rolling the car along in a snakelike motion.  Hard, head-on collisions into furniture are not likely when used as intended.It's all muscle-powered, which is great in this day and age of electric-powered everything.  I like any toy that gets my children moving and away from the more sedentary, mind-numbing pursuits.The car holds up to 220 pounds.  My husband, at 6'2" and 190 pounds, propelled himself around the kitchen and foyer without problems.OVERALL IMPRESSIONMy kids want me to buy them a second PlasmaCar so they don't have to fight.  Sharing is something they don't want to learn, if the toy is this much fun.They're eight and eleven, but they've played on their friends' PlasmaCar for a few years, so it can be fun for all school age children.  Younger children can push themselves along with their feet until they get the concept.This is a great toy.  Both kids give it an enthusiastic five stars.
I have 3 kids (11, 6 and 4 years old) and they all love this car. First of all, no batteries nor gas needed. All it takes is a little motion of the steering wheel and the car starts. (If only we can make cars that run on just human power just like this. What a big difference in the world will it makes.) No learning curve as even my 4 year-old daughter can drive it immediately. In fact, it seems that the lighter the passenger, the faster the car goes.Another amazing thing is how it can squeeze in really tight spots. Our hardwood living room is a great place for them to play around. Perfect place would be a gym or any smooth surfaced roads.I did the assembly in about 5 minutes. The only tool needed is a screwdriver to turn the tool wrench for the steering wheel (and comes with the car).You would think it is a toddler toy. What is surprising is it is my 11-yr-old who adore it the most.
It's great to see the PlasmaCar back in style. My kids used to clamor for one years ago when they were sold at a nearby mall, so they were happy to have one of their own at long last.Assembly was very easy and took just minutes; a hex wrench is even included. The hardest parts are making sure the rear wheels are on the correct sides and the steering wheel is right side up.We tested this out on our kitchen floor and asphalt driveway, and with only a small learning curve, both the kids and I got it scooting around. Fun! It would be even more fun in a large gym, or school hallways.  The car itself is lightweight and easy to toss into the back of a van or large trunk, and appears to be durable.I'd say this is worth the price - we may even buy a 2nd one.
What a fun toy. It's super easy to put together--took 5 min. One big piece of plastic and then just screw in the wheels and the steering wheel. It's very durable and got a big seat area so my 5 year old and my 3 year old were able to sit on it together! They probably couldn't ride around forever that way but it certainly made it easy to share when they first played with it. Simple turn the steering wheel and the scooter goes. Lots of leg room so I think kids who are tall for their age could fit fine. We have wood floors so I don't recommend riding it on them but great for outdoors or non-wood surfaces.
We got one of these for the grandkids, and they all love it, from the 2 year old up to the 11 year old.  Only problem is keeping the older ones from riding it down hills!  The kids have had so much fun with this, we got one for the niece and nephews.All you  have to do is sit on it, put your feet up on it and wiggle!  Great fun.
I got one of these for my 5 year old, and he loves it more than his bike, his old tricycle, and any other moving toy he ever had - combined. It's super-easy to use, very intuitive, very sturdy, and as far as I can tell from having him zoom around in it for several hours, as safe as these things get. I know it says "indoors and outdoors" but unless you live in a warehouse, I'd recommend saving this one for outdoors. Really. Still, it's a pure blast, and I recommend it. (This will also work for older kids, by the way - it's supposed to be for people 200 lbs. and up, and I promise you it works for adults too. This thing is a blast.)
When I tried this car out, it was so much fun. It holds up to 220lbs so adults can get in on the action. I am buying another one for my 5-year old niece. It is great exercise as well. In my opinion, there is no way a child will not love this toy!
When we took it out of the box, I thought it would be too young for my kids (9,7, & 6) but once we put it together (all you need is a hammer and a screwdriver or rachet), it turned out to be great fun for the whole family.It's very easy to put together.  You just pop on the back wheels and line up the front wheels and steering wheel and tighten, then you're good to go.  It says not to use on hardwood floors, but as it was dark out and we really wanted to try it out, we used it on hardwood.  The wheels do slip on the wood, but it didn't scratch our floor.My kids used it the first night for about 1.5 hours before bedtime.  Mom and Dad even took a turn on it.  It's fun and totally powered by you, so it's pretty good exercise too.  The 6 year old wants to ride it to school, which we might allow, at least until the snow starts.We may have to buy another one so that the kids can race!  It will be loads of fun in the spring and summer!
This was easy to set up right from the box--pop in some batteries and it's good to go. It's super easy for small children to use as the remote has 2 buttons for it to go and a steering wheel that's pretty much it. It's very easy to use for a little kid, I would even imagine 3 year-olds wouldn't have problems handling it. It goes pretty fast and seems durable. It needs to be used on a flat surface--my son took it outside and it didn't go over little pebbles or cracks in the road--so stick to flat surfaces. The color is nice and for $20 it's a great buy. My son and nephew had a great time playing with it for a full hour after he got it!
We purchased a few small RC vehicles for our son, but have avoided buying a large RC vehicle for one big reason: price. All the good RC cars were insanely expensive, and all the cheap ones were crap!This RC, however, is perfect! Not only is it a mustang (my favorite type of car!) but it also works flawlessly. The ONLY downfall is that it eats up batteries, but that's to be expected, I guess! I'd say that the Maisto RC Mustang is a great option for any child over the age of 5, and perfect for all dads too!!
This s a pretty neat little car. Very stylish and color choice, the Black & Red colors just look very nice and clean.This little R/C is very quick and does handle pretty well. It has a dial on the front undercarriage so you can dial in the front wheel alignment.The car runs off three AA batteries and the remote uses one 9 volt battery. We userechargable batterieswhich has saved us tons of money using this toy.The signal range is excellent. The best feature of this little R/C it the Forward to Reverse driving stunting... most excellent. I wish I could get the same response out of a real car. I does donuts pretty well too. However, it is not powerful enough to do stationary 360 degree spin-outs.Highly recommended car. You get alot of power and coolness for the price.
This is a really simple "toy".  It's a board with a curved base so that it rocks in one direction.  The goal is to stand on the board an balance such that it's level.  Really not that complicated, but the kids love it!  They will balance and read a book or watch TV or play king of the mountain.  It is short lived in that it's 5min here and 10min there but it hasn't been pushed under the sofa or in a closet in weeks.  My two boys are also using it for other stuff as a train tunnel and see if you can keep the ball on the top by rocking the board back and forth so it's gone outside of it's intended function.It's well built, easy to put together (4 screws in pre-drilled holes) and my boys have really engaged with it.  I'd recommend it!
My two testers had a blast with this Alex Balance Board. They range in age from 2 1/2 to 13. The board can support weights in excess of 200lbs, and is very durable, its been dropped many many times by my toddler. Both kids had a blast with it, the 2 1/2 year old has the idea of it, and will be great to help her with her coordination and such. Given my son is special needs he really has fun with toys as such and they help him out too with his coordination. It did take some time to build, screw holes were a bit off but once built it is a very durable product that will last for a very very long time and take plenty of abuse and give lots of lessons with balance and coordination to your young ones!Update: We have had this for a month and a half now and over a few weeks my daughter really learned how to balance herself on it, holding on at first, moving it to furniture to help her get her balance, then proceeding to move it away and try. We still think its a great product:)
My 4 year old loves his board. I can really see a improvement in his balance and stability since he started playing with the balance board. It doesn't seem to state any weight limits so I had my 7 year old and then my husband try it out with no issues. The plywood is about an 3/4 of an inch thick and is reinforced by the bottom rocker. After finding a Phillips screwdriver, putting it together is simple with its 6 screws and taking less than 10 mins to complete. Board is about 2 feet across and about a foot wide which is very generous to the toddler and preschool age ranges.
ASSEMBLY: It comes in pieces (the top part with the picture on it, the two half oval pieces that screw to the bottom, and the dowel that runs between the two half ovals) with six screws. Assembly was smooth, with all the pre-drilled spots lining up, but I highly recommend a drill or electric screwdriver. I tried to be lazy at first and just use a screwdriver I had without reach instead of going out to our shed to get the drill, and I gave up. Granted, I could have persevered by hand but it would have been more time and effort than just getting the drill.FUN FACTOR: The kids love it. My five-year-old daughter likes to challenge herself by doing other things (eating a snack or changing shirts or reading a book) while balancing, but that's way too much for her three-year-old brother who just likes to balance on it for fun.SAFETY: I was worried that this would be a disaster waiting to happen, but the design makes it nearly impossible to have a catastrophic wipeout. (I am a mom of three, so I'm sure the kids will prove me wrong, but I joked when ordering this "it's a good thing we live close to a good ER," and I don't think that's going to be an issue. Well, not due to this, at least...) The product description says it can handle up to 200lbs, and my husband (who weigh right around there) confirmed that it can! I may start using it as a workout aid to help work the muscles involved in balancing.MY FAVORITE THING: I love the simplicity - there's no batteries or multitasking gimmicks. It's just a balance board, and a very fun one at that.
To say that this is the coolest yo-yo ever, well, words cannot describe the wow factor of this toy!  It has seen SO much playtime - the lights are on constantly so whenever the children use it, it just goes on forever! There is a screwdriver and oil vial included, along with an instructional DVD that shows some cool tricks that you can do. It's a great toy, one that is dearly loved in this house, plus the tricks are an added plus.  The ball bearings are an added plus - it just flies and makes those more complicated tricks a LOT easier!  Skill level?  The age is 6+ on the package and if you have someone that's looking for a challenge, the 150 tricks included on the DVD will keep them busy for quite some time.  Well thought out, very durable, the string doesn't get tangled as easily as on some yo-yos, just an overall toy that should be in all stockings for nothing else but the cool value!  Highly, highly recommend!
Ok, this yoyo is a bit pricier than the $3 one at Walmart but you're buying a solid, quality yoyo with the instructional dvd so it's really worth the price difference. If your child/spouse/friend is willing to give this toy a solid go of it, it's a great little yoyo. The light flashing makes it more attractive and it's really neat at night. It actually returns easily unlike those cheap junky dollar store ones, so it's less frustrating and you're willing to keep trying and practicing a bit longer. If you're looking for a nice, solid yoyo, this is definitely it.
I really like this YoYo.  Granted, I'm not able to do any tricks or anything, but I love the LED light up effect when you touch or roll it out.  The room doesn't even need to be dark!Nevertheless, for the more trick inclined, the package includes a how-to DVD complete with Disney Casting Department rejects who explain the tricks in a way that my 9 year old son is able to learn many of them.  He has little trouble controlling this YoYo.  It spins nicely at the bottom (sleeping), and pops back up at the slightest tug.  It comes with a spare string and a tube of lubricant for the ball bearing axle.  Since he is 9, the string is a little long for him, but that has served to prove the durability of the YoYo, since he has struck it off the floor several times resulting in no damage whatsoever.
This yoyo is fantastic!  I am a yoyo novice, but had a lot of fun (as an adult) playing with it.  My kids had a hard time getting it off me so they could use.  I have trouble executing the tricks, but the dvd that comes with it does a great job explaining how to do them.We love that it lights up, so much fun in the dark.  The kids and the adults both love to play with this yoyo.Great value for the price.

My son just picked this up and was able to use it right away. The cheap ones give him a hard time. It spins for a long time in the down position, then it can be snapped back up by itself. I keep it in a drawer and every time I open it, the lights go off. It lights up at the slightest vibration. It is also bright. This is a good quality fun yoyo.
There are Yo-Yo's, AND then there are YO-YO's. Yomega's Lightbeam Yo-Yo is not only a lot of fun to use, but it's a high quality, durable toy. Made with a steel ball bearing system, the Lightbeam produces an extra long spin. When it spins, four different colored LED lights produce an illuminated show. The LEDs switch on once the Yo-Yo is spinning. The LEDs can be seen either in daylight or at night. The Yo-Yo is very easy to use. In addition, the Yo-Yo comes with oil to lubricate the ball bearing and an instructional DVD that demonstrates how to perform a variety of Yo-Yo tricks. Whether you're a Yo-Yo beginner or expert, you'll find something to enjoy in the Lightbeam.
This is a nice package for novice through experienced yo-ers.  It includes an extra string, lube, and a DVD.  We love the Yomega brand; Yomega has overall better quality and performance than other mainstream brands we have tried.  If you want a nice performing yo-yo that will encourage rather than frustrate, this is an excellent choice.Our Lightbeam is well balanced, with great sleep times and a solid return.  The flashing light patterns are impressive and automatically turn on when the yo-yo is spinning.  After much use the lights would stay on sometimes when the yo-yo stopped, but we were easily able to open it up and adjust the contacts to fix it.  A simpler version without the lights is theFireball.  Note though that the Fireball has a plastic transaxle where the Lightbeam has a metal bearing transaxle similar to theRaider.The stock strings are fairly long; unless you are taller you will probably want to shorten the string by cutting a little bit off the finger end and tying a new loop.  If your yo-yo is hitting the floor, that's a good sign you need to shorten the string.  Also, when changing strings, unscrew the yo-yo first so you don't have to unravel too much of the loop and risk ruining the string.  Be careful not to loose the three little transaxle/bearing pieces, and remember which order and direction they go.With a little experience, the light pattern can help you gauge the spin speed and determine when to return the yo-yo.  The Lightbeam, as with other light-up yo-yos, also has a slight buzz when spinning that also adds to the feel to help sense what it is doing or if the spin isn't quite balanced.  If you are starting a difficult trick, you generally want to get the perfect spin before starting, and this feedback can really help determine whether you are good to go.The DVD is great and has a bunch of easy to learn and impressive tricks, as well as more advanced tricks and even bloopers!  You can also go to Yomega's website to watch the tricks on video.There are 5 levels of Yomega yo-yos, of which we have tried levels 1, 3 and 4.  Level 1 (Rookie) are the automatic returns ("Brain").  These have a built-in clutch and automatically return when the spin speed drops to a certain point.  They also tend to be heavier.  They are great for beginners, but are also handy for certain advanced tricks.  Examples are theBrain, X-Brain and Gamma Brain Wing.  There is also thePower Brain XPwhich has a switch to turn the clutch on and off, allowing for either auto-return or extended sleep time.Level 3 (Player) has the transaxle system.  This is the category the Lightbeam is in.  The transaxle provides a smooth spin, and sleeps easily and for a long enough period to do most of the tricks on the DVD.  They return easily with a slight tug.  I was able to do over 20 revs with the Lightbeam doing around the world with no problem.  Applying the included lube from time to time really makes a difference.  If you use the yo-yo much, you will need the extra string and may need to buy a few more.  We also have the Fireball which performs the same but lacks the lights.  Other yo-yos in this group include the Fireball, Yomega Xodus II, andPower Spin Glow Wing.Level 4 (Pro) has the bearing system.  This provides even longer, smoother spins, and requires a little more tug to return.  While not necessary for most tricks, the extra sleep time can prove useful for advanced tricks and the feel is awesome.  You don't need to be a pro to love the bearing system; they are just the next step up in technology.  Yo-yos in this group include the Raider (which we love),Raider EX,Hyper Warp Heavy Wing,Hot Shot, Dash, Maverick, and theOoch Yo Wing Shaped Signature Yo-Yo(named after one of the Yomega experts who appears in many of their videos).If you would like a sampler value package, consider theYomega 3 Piece Gift Setwhich includes 3 yo-yos, lube and five extra strings.Yomega makes a great product - you really can't go wrong with any of their yo-yos.
When I pulled this out of the box, even my husband thought it was cool!  This ship is pretty large, and the shark is almost as big.  You can rebuild the big rig ship into various forms and combinations.It comes with several accessories, including wheels, small boats, men, and a harpoon.  The men are great because they are somewhat bendable, so their arms won't fall off very easily.  The shark cage is a super fun feature, too.Even if there were no ship, the shark could be a stand-alone fun toy.  First off, his fins are soft so they're not as pointy and dangerous as they look.  Next, his mouth really chomps.  The shark can really "swallow" things, including the little men.  Then you can pull them out of a flap in his stomach.I think the price is a little steep, but it is a fun, interactive toy.  It fosters creative thinking and imaginative play.  Plus it's fun just to have the shark eat everything!
This has quickly replaced all other pretend-play toys in our house.  As soon as it came out of the box, my son was in love.  The Mega Rig Shark Adventure comes with, of course, a giant shark that can easily eat unsuspecting smaller toys and morning cereal.  There are endless possibilities with all of the pieces - wheels off for bathtime play, wheels on for cruising around the living room and lots of different configurations for the boat.A previous reviewer suggested the toy was inherently evil because of the harpoon.  While I can understand the negative reaction, my son quite happily used this toy for weeks without using the harpoon, and if a parent was concerned they could just pop that part off prior to giving it to their child. There are so many other fun ways to use this toy, the harpoon is not necessary.I love the bright colors, and the stories my son has developed while playing with the Shark Adventure.  Even better, it's a whole lot of fun for him in the bath and is versatile enough to be used with wheels as well.  As for durability, I give it five stars.  It's taken a few falls, has been fully submerged, has been taken apart and reassembled numerous times, and it's still working just as it should, which is a very pleasant surprise for this kind of toy.I highly recommend the Mega Rig Shark Adventure.
Two years ago, my son received theMatchbox Mega Rig Pirates Shipand he STILL loves playing with it!  He also has theMega Rig Matchbox Recycle Action Pack Building SystemHe makes some pretty interesting combinations between the two, but I thought it was time to add to his Matchbox building set collection by getting him the Matchbox Mega Rig Shark Adventure Set.The Matchbox building sets, if you don't already know, are incredibly versatile, and they are made to work together.  So the parts from one set will also attach to the parts from another set.  This means there are hundreds of combinations you can make from combining different parts of different sets, if you want to.BUT, you don't have to have multiple Matchbox sets to have lasting fun!  Just one Matchbox building set, like this Mega Rig Shark Adventure Set, can give your child literally MONTHS of fun.  This set, like other Matchbox building sets, allows the child to use their imagination to make many different combinations of things.I highly recommend keeping all the parts in a toy bin or container of some sort.  Once they get mixed in with the general toy population, they can be hard to track down again.  We had a pirate MIA for a month or two till we found him hiding in the Transformers bin.  LOL.  If you are going to get an additional Matchbox set besides this Shark Adventure one, I'd highly recommend the Pirate one.Matchbox Mega Rig Pirates Ship.  It adds so much fun to the whole Shark theme that your child will enjoy it for even longer.I should mention that the Matchbox building sets are incredibly well-made, and have held up really really well.  We are talking about pretty heavy play over 2 years, with no problems whatsoever.  The money is well spent when it comes to Matchbox because of their solid construction, and the endless combinations of vehicles, ships, etc.  Like I said, months, or in our case, years, of play time.Reading this over, gosh, I sound like an advertisement for it.  But I'm just a plain old Mom in Ohio, telling you how impressed I am with these particular toys.  Hope that helps someone.
i thought my 6.5yo son would be too old to enjoy this toy, as it's rated for ages 4+, but it's become one of his favorite toys!  he has a hard time getting legos together, so the minimal assembly required for him was perfect.  his favorite part is stuffing the diver figure into the belly of the shark, and pretending the diver is being eaten alive.  gruesome, perhaps, but this scenario has provides hours of pretend play.  he has other plastic animals that he also tries to stuff into the shark belly but his favorite is still the diver.  this toy is made of thick, sturdy plastic and dries quickly after it's been used in the tub.  according to the box, this toy can be disassembled and re-assembled into 40 different vehicles.  i don't know where they got that number from, but it's basically a large freighter, a tugboat, a shark and 3 figurines.  add a few wheels and other minor accessories and that's all that came in the box.  however, this toy has provided hours of play for my son when i thought he'd be too mature for this item.  very glad to see i was wrong!
Wow! This is a really great toy and for several reasons.  The first is that it is not at all baby-ish. Secondly, there are multiple pieces that allow multiple vehichles to be made.  Lastly, it is nicely constructed and should provide years of play.  My six year old absolutely loves it.  He likes building different things and thinks it is really cool.  Since so much can be done with it I expect it will remain a favorite for awhile.  It does say that it is supposed to float, but my son took it in the pool and it tipped right over, so I am not sure how acurate that is, but it certainly didn't take away from his enjoyment.
Bright and colorful, with repositionable/buildable parts, small action figures, and even a Shark --- this toy would easily be a hit with kids. Even I was lured into sitting right down on the floor with my son to check out all the pieces, build the boat, and then reassemble into a smaller fleet of ships in search of divers and sharks.The set comes with the big boat (parts of which can break apart into smaller boats/vehicles), wheels, a satellite, ship's captain, diver, diving cage, Shark, crane to load shark onto the boat, lifeboats, and yes a harpoon. I didn't have a problem with the harpoon, although I read through the reviews that did. I think it's a decision that each family needs to make individually as to whether you think that having the toy harpoon would influence your child negatively.  We didn't have an issue with it.  (you could always just remove the harpoon from the set and play with the rest of the pieces as is -- the harpoon doesn't really add or detract from the fun to be had with the toy)My only negative experience with the quality of the product is with the action figures. They are tiny, and seem a little flimsy. I was actually nervous while pulling them out of their packaging that they were going to snap in half right there. They haven't broken yet, though so we're crossing our fingers that they last.The whole set works on land or sea - and makes a great bathtub toy. The wheels and other pieces snap on pretty easily for my 7 year old (really young kids may need some help snapping pieces together)The best part of course is the shark.  It's jaw opens and closes when you move the fin so it can easily swallow the diver, and other small toys. There is a slit in the bottom of the shark's belly to easily remove the swallowed contents and start over. This also helps it to easily drain out any bathwater.  I was really impressed that the shark came with the set - nice that you didn't have to buy the shark separately.We have other Matchbox Mega-Rig sets and find them all to be well made and stand the test of time.  Some of the pieces are interchangeable with other sets too. We also have theMatchbox Mega Rig Space Shuttleand theMatchbox Mega Rig Space Rover. All big hits in our house.I'd place this toy at a 4-7 age range (although every child is different).  Some of the pieces might be too small/choking hazards for kids younger than 4; and 7 is probably where kids would max out on interest level .
My son has really enjoyed this toy set.  He feeds the shark everything that will fit, and then removes it.  The shark has an opening in the bottom, so he can eat people, and they can be rescued.  He runs he boat all over the house.  My son is 3 and a half, and the pieces sometimes create a problem for him to snap together.  But overall its a great play set for him.While my son is probably a bit on the young side for a toy like this, he is very imaginative and makes up little stories.  He has older sisters who help him with it.While I am sure that there are more educational toys out there, he sure enjoys this.  He makes up little stories all the time.If you can get this on sale, or get a good deal on it somewhere, then I think its a great toy for a young, imaginative boy.I can recommend this.
For starters, the toy's display in the box is impressive: I'd say adrenaline pumping.  The oversized shark and basic ship design scream "open me first".  At least that's how my almost-7-year-old approached it.It took about 5 minutes to fully liberate the toy from its package, so you'll want to come prepared with scissors or a clipping tool.The Mega Rig pieces are quick connect and easy to take apart and reassemble.  The almost-7-year-old had no problems with assembly and could do everything on his own.  I needed to consult the instructions to see how the harpoon and crane went together. The 4 1/2 year-old needed a little help with some of the attachments (gets frustrated keeping up with older brother).The Shark Ship comes with several "action pieces" like the harpoon, crane, and shark cage, along with 2 characters (captain and diver) so it's good for imaginative play.  The happy hum of kids creating their own shark capture stories is music to a busy mother's ears.The shark has a moveable jaw so he can swallow objects, which are retrieved through a slit in its belly.  high cool factor for my boys) The shark's fins and tail are soft and bendable, making them look sharp, but not be a safety hazard.There are so many combinations, the possibilities seem endless.  There are enough pieces for siblings to share with less quarreling than with a single toy.  It's a toy my kids come back to play with again and again.  They even work it into their adventures with Lego minifigures and other toys.We haven't tried--and probably won't try--this toy in water, but on land it's excellent.
I have 2 boys - ages 5 and 6 - and they love the Mega Rig Shark Adventure!We are always looking for fun water toys and this one goes the mile for two boys to play together with, on land and on water!  They can create so many different ships.  At first it took some interaction with mom, but now they can do it all by themselves.They love to watch shows on Discovery and loved Whale Wars, so they pretend they are playing Shark Wars with the Mega Rig Shark Adventure.It seemed a little expensive, but then after seeing everything they can do with it, it is totally worth it!
My son played with this for hours. He loves to build things and take them apart.This has 28 water pieces.I like that this can go into the water or use it on dry land. It can be a truck a fishing boat, so many things left up to the childs imagination.We have made about five different ships so far. It says you can make over forty.This also comes with two small people. A captain and a diver. Not too many small parts but my son loves it. We also used some Army men to play with this as well.
We have had remote cars in the pass that were played with and then left alone because it's so much more fun to play when more than one person can play with the toy. This is excellent. Two can play with these Bumper cars. And if there is only one kid? My children have used these as targets- they set one up on the floor and remote control the other car around trying to hit the side button. That seems to have kept them entertained.They were very easy to set up. The controls are very easy to use. The men sitting in the car pop out with little crying noises when the button on the side of the car is pushed. These are very sturdy. They are meant to be bumping into each other. When you pick them up they have a sturdy feel to them, even though they are not really very heavy. And a plus for us, they work on flat carpeting just fine.Totally fun. Enjoy.
This is a fun toy, my kid like it a lot and plays with bought cars at the same time, because you can programmed the remote control at the same frequency and move the two cars it looks like a choreography is fun. The only thing I don't like is the sensibility of the drivers pup up very easy.
My two boys are 5 and 6 and enjoy these greatly. The two cars each have button on the side that, when hit, cause the driver to be ejected. The goal is to bump your car into one of the side buttons of the other car. It works well and is very enteraining. Certainly this is a toy for two people and much less fun if just one.The only caveat is that the toys are hard to steer, but I suppose that adds to the fun. The cars are not very long, so a little turning action goes a long way and it is likely that you will overstear.But again, these aren't precision racing cars, but bumpper cars, and for that they are a whole lot of fun.
These toys are awesome.  There are little buttons on the sides kind of like the big target on a dunk tank.  When one car pushes the other car's button, the driver is ejected, with a dramatic "Yaaaaaaaaaaaaa!" sound.  The cars are easy to control and they aren't awful on batteries, though the car and the remote both take quite a few, so when you do change them you'll be changing a lot of batteries.  My preschool boys love the cars, and the adults all enjoy taking a turn too.  In fact, Mom and Dad have been known to play with them without the boys.  I do wish there were more frequencies, so you could add more cars to the mash--how fun if we could all play at the same time! Otherwise, I have no complaints at all about this toy.
I must say that I am very pleased with this toy! My just-turned-6 year old son had no trouble navigating the 2 knob controls and had a blast trying to eject my little guy in my bumper car. Each bumper car needs 3 AAA batteries, each remote needs 2 AAA so, plan on picking up at least 10 before you open the box. Then, load and it's ready to play. We picked up the dollar store batteries and it's been over 4 days of constant play. Each time the opponent hits one of the 2 buttons located on the side of the bumper car, the man lauches out with a funny scream sound effect. The durability and quality is excellent. My 3 year old uses it as a car to roll on with the batteries turned off and It was dropped and kicked by rough neighbor play and still works like new. We even had nana play with the young-un's. This toy is full of laughs and fun!
Although this is marked for six and up believe me the older kids and adults had just as much fun bumping into each other.  It is a lot of fun for two people children/adults to play together and in the rain or snow or a day when you are in cannot think of a better way to have fun.  This is really small so does not take a lot of room but it is big on fun.  The only downside is it takes 10 batteries so if you are going to give it as a gift I suggest you give a package of batteries cause if they are like my family they wanted to play it as soon as it arrived.A nice way to have fun with family and friends.
I just got it, so I am not sure whether it will last for a long time (some other reviews did make me worry), but so far my niece (six) and my nepheww (three) are loving it and seem to have a great time playing with these toys.
From The Manufacturer:Make a home for your Schleich wild life animals (sold separately) with the Schleich Animal Nursery. An easy-to-assemble play set for ages three and up, this nursery comes together without tools and features high-quality parts. This nursery, modeled after the real thing found in the Savannah of Africa, will inspire your child's imaginative play. High-Quality Parts and Easy Assembly without Tools This nursery is made with sturdy, high-quality plastic and vinyl parts. The set comes together easily, with no tools needed. A clear, easy-to-follow manual guides you through the assembly process. A Sweet Home for your Child's African Animals Children can imagine going into the jungle, rescuing animals and taking them back to the nursery to care for them. The nursery provides a safe home for them as they recover to be released back into the wild. With a removable roof, the nursery offers easy access to the animals for simple play and storage.Imagine having heart-stopping imaginary adventures in Africa with this authentically structured African Animal Nursery that has room for all of your favorite Schleich wild life animals. With all the features of a life-size nursery, this is the perfect place for giraffes, elephants, lions or tigers (sold separately). Your cherished animals will enjoy their new home for generations to come. Realistic Nursery Details Designed with all the features of a real-life nursery. Including thatched roof. Working shutters and doors. Wrap-Around front porch.Review:I bought this for my nephew. His dad, my BIL, had no trouble putting this together. I guess he's as smart as he looks. My nephew loves this toy. He loves the moving parts and especially the baby animals. Totally a cute present for a cute little boy.
Our kids have quite a lot of Schleich animals - mostly farm animals, but also some exotic jungle animals. We already have a big barn for all the cows, pigs, and horses, and this animal nursery is a great addition to that for the tigers and lions - and my crocodile. As usual with all Schleich products, the quality is outstanding, the details are beautiful, and the price is steep. But you get great value for your buck - the building is of a sturdy built and should outlast even the most rowdy children (my kids, 5 and 7, should be official toy testers - if a toy survives them, then it will survive anything ...). Assembly was no problem, but be aware that the assembled house is quite large. It is a lot of fun to play with, based on the time my kids spend with their new toy. That might wear off after a while, but with more Schleich animals (they will get some for Christmas ...) will come renewed interest. All in all, this is an investment that will last for years and provide fun for your kids time and again. Well, even I like to play with it from time to time - my crocodile needs some attention, too...
When it comes to animal figures for kids, there's no better choice than this German company that has been producing quality products for over 50 years.  This animal nursery is yet another example, a toy that will provide many hours of awesome animal fun for kids.The quality of the nursery is excellent.  The parts are made of high-quality, durable plastic and vinyl so they're not going to snap two weeks after opening the box.  The instructions are clear and easy to follow, and assembly can be done very quickly.  The roof is easily removable, so that animals may be manipulated inside the structure and so kids can have that top-view that they wouldn't get with a more permanent rook.  I personally find this much more useful than other buildings we've used, such as a farm where my kids have to reach their hands in and around corners just to place an animal in a stall.I think this nursery works well as a standalone product, but it's likely to be far more utilized as part of a larger system of Schleich products.  Our kids already had the expedition truck, crates, corral and a ridiculous number of animals, so the nursery fits very well into that existing landscape.  Most Schleich standard-sized animals, especially the babies, will fit nicely into this building.There's really nothing that I can criticize about this product.  I know there may be some initial sticker shock, but even that should be tempered by the fact that this is the kind of toy that will still be in its original, perfectly functional condition several years down the road.  We have begun passing along some of our animals to a niece, and they look almost-new even after years of heavy play.  A great product, one that will provide tons of fun for kids.
The Schleich Animal Nursery is a beautifully detailed work of art that serves the purpose of letting a child's imagination really come to life. The quality is impeccable. Modeled authentically after an actual Savannah African Animals Nursery, a serious collector  of all things Schleich or perhaps a child with a love for that area would no doubt be overjoyed adding this to their collection.  I don't even have to think twice to say that this nursery is worth every penny spent on it.Assembling the  Schleich Animal Nursery was fairly pleasant. As it's prefabricated and no tools are required. You basically insert the correct tabs into the assigned slots and you're done. The instructions are pictures only though very clear and understandable. Once everything is in constructed, the structure is very sturdy and stays together well. Though do note that there's a small deck that's opposite the stables that doesn't attach to the building by any tabs. Though it does stay in place when the building is stationary.The thatched roof is easily removable and allows for play on the inside. The roof also can be placed back on top super easily when not in play on the inside. All the window shutters and doors can open and close which makes things that much more realistic. No animals or other accessories are included with the Animal Nursery. Though there are many available for purchase though and the prices are very reasonable.My children have been enjoying playing with the Animal Nursery. We have a few African animals but we plan on getting more. We've been collectors of Schleich figurines for some time now. We've always found the companies products to be extremely well made and very appealing to the eye. My kids have spent hours rescuing and helping animals within the walls of this toy.  It's great that it's life size so none of their authentic Schleich figurines are over-sized or anything.I wouldn't hesitate in the least to recommend this product. It has more than exceeded my expectations. I hope that one day my children will be able to pass it down to their kids one day. I know with the quality that it would be very likely to happen.
This animal nursery is perfect for our small collection of Schleich animals. It's big, well-made, and fun to play with. In fact, because the instructions were just simple pictures, my children were able to build it themselves. (Maybe with a tiny bit of help!)The cool thing about this "house" is that it's just generic enough to be used for just about anything. My son especially appreciates having a house that's not a dollhouse.And finally, it's really good looking! I could see someone designing a whole kids room in a safari theme based on it.Good stuff!
The Schleich Animal Nursery is a high-quality model of a nursery on the African Savannah.Pros: Even with just the pictures, the pieces of this nursery are easily assembled in about 20 minutes (with adult assistance).The Nursery is high-quality with authentic details. The porch does not attach but that doesn't seem to bother the kids when they play and part of the roof comes off for access to the interior for play.  Though it is an "African Nursery" the kids have no trouble playing with a variety of animal sets (not included) in this building.Cons: Animals not included (not even one) and it does have a high price tag.Overall comment: If you are purchasing this item, you are purchasing a high-quality, durable animal nursery. I'd liken it to a dollhouse investment (a dollhouse for animals) if you have kids who frequently play with animal figures (and most do) and it won't easily break with relocation.  In a classroom, this would make a great, durable play center that could be used with animal units and/or when you take about the continent of Africa and its wildlife and resources.
This "World of Nature ~ Africa" animal nursery from Schleich is excellent in every way. The pieces are texturedand have a realistic look and feel. The vinyl is very thick and substantial ~ and this high end toy is well thought out for easy assembly.All pieces easily snap together, and un-snap with no worry of damage or breakage.The doors and windows are a precise fit & open & close nicely ~ and the roof lifts off to access the inside corrals.When the 31 pieces of the building are assembled it is approx 22" deep - 16" wide - and 12" tall.Schleich is a German company, founded in Germany in 1935. The design & creation of production toolsare still all made in Germany today. This animal nursery was molded in China, but the molds where made in Germany.The building is sold by itself, it doesn't come with any accessories or animals. But it's a quality toy that's worth purchasingaccessories for, and that also provides us with ideas what to buy for special occasions.This nursery has several available accessories on Schleich own sight, also sold at Barns & Noble and FAO Schwarz among others.There accessories are beautifully hand painted with realistic shades of coloring.The items are various prices ~ starting at approx $2.99 to $6.99 for the animals, other accessories are more.Seven really neat accessories for the nursery are a ~ corral ~ crate set ~ feeding ground ~ fence ~ airoplane ~truck with a driver ~ and ~ truck trailer.Twenty-two African animals are available ~Four-legged Hedgehogs ~ Pelicans ~ Gorillas ~ Griffin Vultures ~ Cheetahs ~ Giant Turtles ~ Chimpanzees ~ African Elephants ~Gazelles ~ Giraffes ~ African Buffaloes ~ Gnus ~ Kudus ~ Leopards ~ Lions ~ Meerkats ~ Ostrich ~ African black Rhino ~ Crocodiles ~Hippopotami ~ Warthog ~ and ~ Zebras.Schleich figures are embossed with a label that gives the company name and headquarters, & the country of production.The S flag on packaged figures means the figure belongs to the Schleich family.This is absolutely a great toy for teaching caring and nurturing, and expanding a child's imagination.It's holsum entertainment while learning to care for animals.
I was previously unaware of German toy manufacturer Schleich until I came across this item:The Mrs. and I have grandchildren now, and we're always on the lookout for gifts that have a little meat on their bones.  Schleich is obviously the Cadillac of toy-makers.Note: this is ONLY the Animal Nursery and doesn't come with any of the famed Schleich figures.  Without the figures (which again, MUST BE PURCHASED SEPARATELY) this is like a Safari Doll-House... without the dolls.  But - the Schleich animals by themselves, although beautiful, sturdy, anatomically correct and to scale - are figures of limited imagination.  WITH the Animal Nursey imaginations are sparked to life.  The building (like all Schleich products) is incredibly detailed.  It looks like the Honey-I-Shrunk-The-Kids laser was sent to Kenya.  The doors and shuttered windows open and close and the inside of the building is a veterinary clinic with benches and rooms with furniture.  The realistic thatched roof lifts off so that the imagination-fired kids can move their figurines freely inside the nursery and make up their own tales about injured and healing animals.We accompanied this purchase with 21 Schleich figures including aVeterinariancomplete with stethoscope and medical bag with a little red cross. (Like almost all Schleich figurines the Vets come in male and female versions.) Now theLionandZebraandGiraffeandElephanthave a place to meet and heal, and your young animal lover has a fun way to develop those neural connections in their developing brain.The Nursery gives target ages as 4-10.  The animals come with tags on their legs saying 3+.  If the child(ren) in your house are looking to recreate the "Toy Story" version of "The Lion King" this is where I'd start.Pros: Extremely sturdy and detailed.  Minus nuclear explosion we expect these to be passed down for generations to come.Con: This degree of detail and durability doesn't come cheap.
This is a great toy if you want to fuel your kids' imaginations. It took us about 25 minutes to put it together. At first, there were a couple of pieces in the wrong places; you have to pay attention to where the hinged gates fit. All of the pieces snapped in snuggly and all of them fit perfectly. The material is rugged and built to last. The roof is made to be removed so the kids can put in the animals and watch them inside the building, but the other parts stay together well.Be aware that no animals are included. The challenge, at least with my nieces and nephews, was deciding which animals to get. That's where this can really get expensive. We all felt we needed the whole family - mom, dad, and baby -- and lots of different animals, like elephants and giraffes and cheetahs and zebra and lions, oh my! I've spent some time on safari in Kenya, so I was just as excited as they were. And how are you going to pick up the injured animals if you don't have a truck and driver? As a side note, the giraffes aren't really proportional to the other animals -- they're too small. That being said, they do fit inside the nursery. Any taller, and they wouldn't.I just love that this toy gets the kids to imagine scenarios without having to rely on a video game. I only wish I'd had this set when I was a kid. (Was plastic even invented then?)I'm thinking our next project might be to make a stop-motion video with the set, a Vine video (not Amazon Vine). Maybe we'll even post it here someday.
My daughter LOVES this! First, it is very durable and not at all difficult to put together. Yes, it took me about a half hour, but not because it was confusing. Second, my daughter loves playing with this. She already had a lot of toy animals, and the Animal Nursery has become the centerpiece for her playing with them. It seems very authentic, but I have never seen one in person, so how would I know? The roof is easily removed for play. With it one, it looks very cool and authentic. This is a great toy!
This classic pull-toy is well-made and much cuter than the old dog pull-toy I had growing up.  He &#34;quacks&#34; as he rolls along and my kids have been having a blast with him.  My 8 month old sits and rolls him back and forth.  My 3 year old runs through the house with him.  My 5 year old and 7 year old take him for walks, too.  He's adorable and makes me smile when I see him quacking behind one of my kids.The best thing about him is that though he does quack, it's a quiet, organic, rhythmic sound and not an annoying, loud sound.  Not as annoying as a push-popper toy or the battery-operated toys that fill my living room.  I wouldn't buy him for an older child, but he'd make a perfect Christmas or birthday gift for a 1 or 2 year old child.  I can't wait for my baby to be a toddler pulling him around the house.
If you want to get a child a classic toy they can pass down for generations, get a Brio. This little wooden duck is so simple and sweet...as baby pulls it along, it clicks, moves its head from side to side and its wings move up and down.  Adorable!Although they are now made in China, the Brio website states that they test frequently and thoroughly to make sure their products are safe and toxin free.
What a well-made toy!  I used to have a pull-duck-toy when I was a kid, centuries ago, but it didn't seem to be made like this.  As soon as I saw it I smiled.  Obviously it is well-crafted.  There are no sharp edges and the weight feels sturdy, not like plastic, but solid wood.  It is just what you would expect from a toy made by Brio.  No real gimmicks, just a fun toy that actually works with only a person moving it, instead of batteries or whatever.  It's very attractive to look at and children are drawn to it. The quack is almost imperceptible.
The Brio Pull Along Duck is great classic toy.  It is made of wood and is made to last for many years.  It is a great pull along toy for a baby who is walking. Duck will follow along behind waving his wings and turning his head to and fro. I love the old-fashioned style and am really impressed by the workmanship that goes into making this toy.
This cute little pull along duck from Brio is a nice classic baby toy for a little one who can walk or crawl.  The ducks head and wings move as the toy gets pulled around.  The little wooden toy is certainly attractive and can make not only a fun toy for baby but also a nice decorative piece in a nursery.  The paint finish on this toy is nicely done and looks as though it will be able to stand up to years of play.  It's certainly a nice alternative to noisy plastic battery operated pull toys.
Another one of those toys that is utterly simple and yet you never tire of.  It's a well made wooden duck that follows your around the room on a string with a quack and a flap and a nod.  Ours also plays legos, is a frequent dinner guest at the kids kitchen and is best friends with a stuffed bear (or so I'm told).  It's a well built toy that provides hours of fun!
This old fashioned pull duck is a toddler favorite at our house.  I like it because it is a traditional well-made toy.  The kids like Mr. Duck because he easily follows them everywhere while comically flapping wings and nodding his head.  So often pull toys fall over and turn into dragging toys.  The white center trim around the red wooden wheels help this toy stay upright and roll more steadily.  Sometimes an extra strong pull will make the duck tilt backwards, but the back wheels remain in motion and he still flaps his wings.  He quickly uprights himself, so whether on two wheels or four, this duck is always on the move.
What an absolutely perfectly made toy! Beautifully designed and executed! Now this is quality!I was impressed with this duck the minute I saw it.She / he nods her head and flaps her wings as she's pulled along. She supposed to even give out quacks,but those aren't as realistic as I had hoped for.Although she only weights 14 oz, she's heavy enough that her head & wings work on our thick carpet.Her main body is a full 1 1/2" thick, the wheels are nearly 1" wide, she's over-all 3 1/2" wide.Tail to beck is 6 1/2" long and she's 5" high with a 28" long pull string.This toy should bring a smile on anyone's face. It's a cheery toy, built with excellence.And like the good old wooden toys of yesteryear ~ this toy should last.
This is a cute, well made classic toy that my niece really enjoyed. She played with it for quite some time, dragging it around. I would say for the price, this is a great option for a less expensive item that will still hold up to the &#34;beatings&#34; of young kids. Overall, very happy with the item.
The greatest thing about `Apples to Apples' is that it is never going to be the same experience, no matter how many times you use the same set of cards.  Different faces bring different results and so this infectious game will never disappoint.  `Apples to Apples' is a game of comparisons, and so the whole idea is to select a card from your hand of various people, places, things and `situations' that best describes the card selected by the `judge' (the judge alternates with each card).  Because no two individuals are identical, the card selected as `best' will change with each judge, thus paving the way for many, many games of laughs and excitement.  My only issue is that you really need a larger group to really enjoy the game, as a few players just won't lead to as many choices and as much fun.  But, if you can scrounge up six people then you're in for a good laugh.  This is probably my favorite game at the moment, and once you pick it up it'll be yours too!
This is a great party game for a large, diverse group!  It's easy to get people involved - even people who normally avoid party games - because:*  The gameplay is very simple.  A quick description is enough to get everyone going.*  It's not intimidating - nobody ever looks "dumb" for not having the "right" answer, since there is no one right answer.*  It's fun!  People are laughing and enjoying themselves, which brings the nonplayers over to see what's going on.  It can get loud and silly.*  It's short - 30 minutes or so, so a new round occurs fairly frequently.*  It's easy to add another player (or swap players) mid-stream.This game is not designed for kids, but they can play with some modifications.  My 6 year old likes to partner up with an adult, who will explain the cultural references that he might not know yet.  It wouldn't be my first choice game for a group of primarily kids, but if there is a kid or two at an adult party they can be included.
If you are looking for a game that is quick to set up and fun for adults and kids, this is it!Everyone takes turns being the "judge" and the judge picks a card which is the "topic" of that round. Say he or she picks the word "shocking" everyone looks through their hand of cards that they have been dealt and looks for the card that best describes the topic. Some cards have a word, some a phrase and some the name of a famous person.Everyone hands their card to the judge and the judge shuffles the cards then decides which one is the best. Some judges pick the funniest, or craziest or best one that defines the topic. Since each judge is different, you never know which card will win.I highly recommend this game.
"Apples to Apples" is one of the best family games that I have had the pleasure of playing in a long time. We tried it with five players, ranging from 16 to 73, and played five rounds in roughly four hours, with everyone having a shot at actually winning.Basic game play is fairly straight forward, with each player being dealt a set of "red" noun cards and then trying to match one of the cards to the Judge's "green" descriptive card. Since the "Judge" rotates from player to player each time, everyone gets a chance to influence the outcome of the game. This is definitely a lively game if you allow lobbying and it certainly helps to know the sense of humor of the Judging player. The instructions also suggest several variations and we quickly adopted "House Rules" that work for us.I like that there are a lot of each type of card to keep the replay value high but some of the famous names or newer pop culture references were lost on the younger and older players, respectively.This is an enjoyable and reasonably fast-paced game that just about anyone over the age of 12 can play.Highly Recommended!CFH
We've had a blast with this game. It's so easy to learn. You have seven word cards in your hand from the first deck, and you have to pick one that is best described by the card that is turned over from the second deck.  First, we played with my seven year old son and the neighborhood kids, and even though they didn't understand some of the words, they'd crack up when they'd see the other boys' choices.  We mixed the cards being played, then handed them to my husband, the judge, so he wouldn't know who's card was whose.  Next, we played it when we had some friends over for drinks.  This time, instead of the judge not knowing who the cards belonged to, we actually tried to talk our choice up so he would choose our card.  This quickly turned into a lot of silliness as we made our cases, and I think we ended up playing for over an hour before the kids came out and took over again.
Apples to Apples, The Game of Hilarious Comparisons, is a card game that is fun to play with family or friends. It is recommended for 4 to 10 players and for ages 12 - adult.It is fast-paced and a game can be played in about  hour, depending on the pace of the players. As with many games, the more players, the more fun the game is because of the varied responses from players.The game itself consists of green cards which have the characteristics of a noun listed and the red cards which have a name of a noun listed. The red cards are dealt to each player and the judge (which rotates between players) picks a green card from the stack with a characteristic on it. Each player chooses a red card that matches the characteristic on the green card the closest and plays that card. The responses can vary wildly because you may or may not have a card that has anything to do with the green card. The card comparisons chosen by players can be hilarious. The judge chooses a card that he/she thinks matches the best. The green card is awarded to the player that played the winning card. The game is played until someone has enough green cards to win.The game is a real blast, great for get-togethers, family game night or just a rainy day inside. It is a good game for players of all types because it is basically a card game and does not require players to perform actions or tasks like many other games which shy or more reserved players do not feel comfortable doing.This game is designed for older players but there is a Junior Edition for players ages 9 and up.Highly recommend. Get yourself a box and have some fun, comparing Apples to Apples.
We played this game when we had some friends and buddies come over.I can tell you that we all had a blast from the 13 year old to the 35 year old!It is a hilarious game of comparative and challenging rounds to see who can get the most green apples first.Each round you switch off being the judge, you draw a green apple card that has a category/description on it such as "funny" "depressing" or "hilarious" and other players (you are dealt 7 red apple cards) have to pick the best red one that they think best describes the green card that the judge pulled. Then the judge will read them aloud and choose who they will give the green apple card to.This is a great game to get to know people just a bit better and have a ball at the same time.If you buy this game you WILL NOT be disappointed!
This is the only game people seemed to want to play at our house this year!  We have others but this one seems to be the one that gets used.  It is also the easiest to learn to play.  You can't argue with results.This game is good because ANYONE can play it.  You don't have to have special knowledge.  I think that is the appeal.  You don't have to be the smartest one in the room.  Young and old can play together.
If you have 4-10 people available to you who are willing to play this game, it is perfect. This game is hilarious, and, if taken seriously, could potentially be a vocabulary enhancer. More than anything though, it is entertaining and intriguing.The game's only downfall is that it requires the participation of many people. That is why it is an excellent party game, not a two-player classic like monopoly or checkers. You need a lot of players to make gameplay worthwhile.Overall, it is EXCELLENT and I would encourage anybody to buy it.
We decided to try this game out after the kids went to bed for Halloween this year. Needless to say, it was a fun time by all!Pros:1. Quick Fun, not much learning curve.2. Quick Thinking game, so keeps you on your toes.3. Fun Fun Fun, you will get many a laugh out of it.4. Everyone gets involved, which is good!Cons:1. Needs at least 4 to play, preferably 5-62. Thats it, get this game!
This game is a real fun to play and is a treat for the whole family.Little mind stimulation never hurts when you are having fun also.You have to be careful to keep the cards away from the younger kids below the age of 8, as they want a piece of it too.
...and it wasn't even my set. I had the pleasure of playing Apples to Apples at a friend's home where it was the post-Thanksgiving dinner entertainment (oddly enough, I was planning to bring my copy with the intention of proposing a game so that I could finally review it, but I forgot to bring it). And I must say, I was pleasantly surprised at just how much fun this was (despite my lousy cards).I'm sure that everyone and their mother has cited the rules for play in their reviews, so rather than contribute to the redundancy, I'll try to focus on why this game is fun. For one thing, the learning curve isn't at all steep--a definite plus if "liquid cheer" plays a part in your festivities in general. And while some savvy is required to distinguish your comparisons from those of the other players, actual skill is not; getting good nouns that'll work with the adjectives really IS the luck of the draw (I remember silently cursing when I drew "Joan of Arc" immediately AFTER "hot" had been played).The real fun, though, is due to the fact that the probability of holding cards that really dovetail with the adjectives thrown down is pretty slim, hence some creativity is called into play. And trust me, it can get hilarious. One particularly funny moment occurred when a Russian friend's card had been chosen for the point and she responded by confessing that she wasn't sure of the meaning of the word on her card. Okay...I guess you had to be there, but still, it was fun.I noticed that the game recommends a minimum age of 12, which seems about right to me. Unlike SET, my favorite card game, the Party Box isn't something that you'd want to play with young children because I can't imagine that most of them would get it (I noticed that there's a separate edition for kids). Once, they're older, however, this would make a great family game.Being something of a cynic, I had no idea that games like this were being manufactured--smart, fun, reasonably priced, and not played on a monitor. I wholeheartedly recommend Apples to Apples for non-racy adult party fun--let's show support for toy manufacturers who produce games such as this. I'm actually considering buying at least one of the add-ons, but I think there's plenty of fun to be had with this basic Party Box in the meantime.
I have always heard such great things about this game, so I couldn't wait to try it out.  Needless to say, we absolutely love it.The thing I want to add to the other glowing reviews is that though it says 12 and up, my 6 year old loves this game.  Simple adaptations make it easy for her to play and don't compromise the game too much.It actually has allowed us an excuse to sneak some vocabulary in, as she is always asking us what different words mean and half the fun is listening to her (often off the wall explanations) for why she chose certain things.Great game, we love it!
This is a great game for any adult party!  You don't have to be outgoing, willing to make a fool of yourself, or have a Harvard Degree to play this game. It is also great for family game night, you can play the game with younger children.(The box says 12 to adult, but I think you could push that number down to 10.) You will be having fun and they may increase their vocabulary.
I'm a major fan of board games, and I was curious about Apples to Apples the first time I heard about it. After playing it a friend's house, I just had to add Apples to Apples to my collection.The game begins with each player being dealt a hand of cards with nouns on them, like "plastic," "Michael Jackson" and "underwear." In each round one of the adjective cards, like "scary" or "organic," is turned over on the table. Each player chooses which card in his or her hand best fits the adjective and passes it to the player who is the judge for that round. The judge chooses which noun card best fits the adjective, and the player who submitted that noun card gets to keep the adjective card. The player with the most adjective cards at the end wins.The main downside in Apples to Apples is that judging is subjective, so this might not be a good game for those who like games to be "fair." The upside to this is it doesn't matter who wins or loses--it's just so much fun to see the crazy connections people make! For example, "scary" could get the cards "Michael Jackson" or "underpants." No answer is right or wrong. Only the judge for that round can decide which is best.The other downside to Apples to Apples is that this is definitely a party game, which means you should have five to eight people to play. Less than that, and it isn't quite as much fun. With more than ten, I think it might be best to work in pairs, with each pair submitting two cards and working together to make a decision when it's their turn to judge. Otherwise, there's a good chance several individual players could win two adjective cards, and it could take forever before one player gets three cards, which is what happened when I played at a friend's house.All in all, I would say Apples to Apples is my fourth favorite party game--after Taboo, Hilarium and Outburst, but right before Shout About Movies, Pictionary and Cranium.
My college aged kids agree on NOTHING except that they both love this game!  They have fun with their friends and playing in the dorms. From the title, I thought it was a game for kids!  I guess for once, mom was wrong!
Perfect family games for all ages.  Even our preschoolers love to play. (We read their cards to them.)  A great word game you can play anywhere.  We often play the games at mealtimes.  Each game lasts about 20 minutes--perfect for the attention span of a busy family.
This is a great game.  It's not real cerebral, but it's funny so adults enjoy it and fun so older kids like it.  Three generations of my family play it and hilarity ensues.  No special talents are needed, so it's great for parties or family gatherings, or just for small groups of friends.  This game was recommended to me and I was not disappointed.
My kids got this game last year for Christmas and I just want to add that this is a perfect party game when you have family over. We all cracked up laughing while playing this game. Each person holds cards in their hands and the lead person puts a card down. Everyone else is supposed to have something in common with what the lead person's card says that has been laid on the table. The only thing is, sometimes the cards you hold have nothing to do with what the lead card says, so it's totally opposite, and crazy. It's funny what each person can come up with. Each person takes turns being the lead card holder. This game has been a family favorite ever since. This game came highly recommended by my sister's kids, when my own children got it for Christmas last year, that just made them so happy. We highly recommend you play this, it'll become your family's favorite game too.
Upon opening the box, I looked for the game "board" without success. It was then that I discovered how simple the game setup is. There are just two types of cards--no buzzer, no dice, no spinners, no hour glass timers--just cards. What I thought was funny, was as my friends and family sat down to play Apples to Apples, almost everyone had the same reaction--where was the "stuff". That is when it occurs to you that this isn't a normal game--which left it up the air as the question lingered--would it still be fun without all the stuff.The answer is yes. The beauty to this is that it *IS* simple and quick to get started and yet the lack of other items allows them to include a great deal more cards which provides much longer "fresh" game play. This really is the game plus an expansion pack or two bundled together, which makes it a good value. The fact that it is VERY fun makes it a GREAT VALUE. We have played the game way past the normal stopping point every single time because it is simply so much fun that no one wants to stop playing.I am not going to explain the game play because I think that has already been covered well, but this game is without a doubt worth picking up. One of the friends I played with already purchased her own copy because she fell in love with it. I expect the next week will include a lot of Apples to Apples fun as my family comes together for the holidays. So if you are looking for something different to play with a group of people, you have found it!
I've never played Uno before, electronic or traditional and I did not know the rules and never seen anyone playing it. This is why I give credit to the makers of this game for making it simple enough so that me and a couple of kids were actually playing the game 30 minutes after we opened the box.I am not going into the rules because they are spelled out in the pamphlet that comes with the game but it's worth noting that Uno is a card game where the alert and the quick win. It requires alertness and concentration and maybe a little bit of strategy and, since it's scientifically proven that no one can stay perfectly alert for more than a few minutes at a time, playing the game can be fun because the other players are expected to catch and penalize the one who doesn't pay attention.This electronic release enhances the low-tech Uno buy enforcing quick reactions, requiring the players to act fast or be penalized. In addition, players no longer take their turns clockwise but it's the little electronic brain that randomly assigns turns so it's possible that players may punish themselves if the player who drops an 'attack' card aimed at 'the next' player may find himself/herself the designated target. In addition, the electronics ensure that there is an unbiased referee who leaves no doubt over which player was the last to hit the button when a 'slap' card is shown (it's all explain in the manual).The play is fun but our first game was a bit too long - we went through the 100+ deck of cards 3 times before someone won but it's possible to change the rules so that playtime is shortened.On the technical and logistic details:- up to 6 players can play- the electronic board appears to be well built and durable- batteries are included- there is an on/off/demo button and the electronic board will go to sleep to conserve battery if there is no activity for a while- there are three settings for the time enforcement: 4 seconds, 6 seconds or no limit- the 'manual' is really one folded page but the rules are pretty well explained in good English- packaging is reasonably intelligent and it's not hard to take the game out of the box- the cardboard the cards are made of is not the cheapest possible so I believe that they could last for a whileThe best that I can say about this game is that it is challenging and it encourages competition. A little bit of luck helps but you must really work and fight for a victory.I am trying to think of something negative but there's nothing bad I can think of this game. It's an inexpensive, simple, challenging fun game and, within this frame of reference it comes as close to perfection as any game in its class can get.I can't find any reason not to give this game 5 stars so 5 stars it gets.
My son and his friends played this for a while. Granted it did not hit home like a video game but it was nice to see him do something else for a change. My wife played with my son a few times too. They enjoyed themselves and have decided to keep the game.
There's not much more that can be said about this game that hasn't already been written in other reviews.Our family loves games, and we are veterans of regular Uno & Uno Attack!  Our kids are 9 and 6, and they love this game.  It takes a few rounds to get used to, but after that it is a lot of fun!  You can't really take it along in the car on a trip...that's what regular Uno is for....but it's a great game to play with the family around a table.Highly recommended!
UNO FLASH is a fast-paced, fun family game.  Most traditional UNO rules apply, but the game has a new "slap" card featured in this edition.UNO FLASH has 3 settings for timing: 4 seconds, 6 seconds and infinite (or untimed).  Our family chose to play it on 4 seconds, which is a real blast. The action really gets going when the time is counting down.  I'm not sure younger children would be able to play with the 4 second timer, but older children and adults are sure to love the fast action.UNO FLASH also has a random feature that randomly skips players, selects the same player twice, and really makes the game fun and challenging.  The random feature adds a "surprise" to every round, which our family really enjoyed.The game itself is fairly loud, which would make it an excellent party game, and the flashing lights do get a little annoying after extended play, but other than this, I give UNO FLASH high marks for a fun and educational game that both children and adults will love.
We love Uno. It's fast paced and better than the Uno cards game we have, even better then Uno Attack!
This is not your Father's Uno game.  It is much improved and a lot of fun.  It is a really fast-paced game and may be too hard for younger players to keep up with, but for older kids (age 10)and up, this game is a riot.  You choose how much time each player has to make a play and then the Uno console randomly chooses whose turn it is.  Gone are the days of clockwise card playing.  Each player must be ready to play quickly or lose their turn.  It helps if everyone has already played the traditional Uno card game and understands how the game is played.  This game was a hit at our house and kept the older kids occupied for hours.  This is a must have for anyone who loves a good, fast-paced game.  Even the adults had a blast playing this game.  Put this game under the Christmas tree, it will be a sure hit.
Even though the age says 7 to 11 my 5 year old grandaughter loves this as much as I did. As soon we started playing this we knew that we had found a great game for the family. Everyone had so much fun we forgot to put the little ones to bed.
UNO Flash is a good change from the traditional UNO game.  My family really enjoys it.  My husband even said, "This is the most fun I've ever had playing UNO".  My son who is 5 & my daughter who is 7 both really enjoy this game.  We all laugh until we have tears in our eyes.The game unit randomly chooses whose turn it is from the very start so although you might wish to play a Wild Draw Four Card it may come right back to you & you may be the one having to draw the 4 cards.In this game you have the traditional Draw Two Card, Skip Card, Wild Card, Wild Draw Four Card & a Slap Card.  When a Slap Card is played the person presses the "SLAP button" & you hear a toot toot sound meaning everybody needs to hurry & press his or her individual Player Button.  The last person to hit their button must draw 2 cards.  Their player button flashing up indicates that they were the last one to hit the button.  This is what will give you the most laughs.There's also a change to the Draw Four Wild Card.  You may only play this card when you do NOT have another card in your hand that matches the color on the discard pile.  If you believe somebody played this card when they could've played the color in the discard player you can call them out & make them show you their hand but be aware that if they weren't bluffing then not only will you have to draw the 4 cards but an extra 2 as a penalty.  If the person who laid the draw 4 card was bluffing then they are the one who has to draw the 4 cards.Since our kids are still kind of young we have choose not to use the timer with them but if choose to have a timer each person is give either 4 or 6 seconds to finish their turn.  If they are not done before the time runs out then they have to draw 2 cards.  There is a switch on the bottom that allows you to choose no timer, 4 seconds or 6 seconds.In order to win the game you need to be the first player to reach 500 points.  When a player runs out of cards & wins the round they add up the other players cards (according to a chart) & that's the amount of points that the winner of that round gets.  The game continues until somebody reaches 500 points.  There is alternative ways to play listed but since our children are still young we just play 1 round at a time & whoever plays all of their cards first is the winner of that game.This game if for 3-6 players & I HIGHLY recommend it.  This will be a lot of fun at family get-togethers.
Who doesn't love UNO--the simple card game that everyone can play and yet fails to to get old? Being avid gamers, we were excited that this would extend the simple fun of UNO to a new type of game play. I could explain the game play but that has been done over and over. The electronic part actually forces you to slap a button like a rat quite a bit which makes it more interactive. If that sounds like fun to you, then check this out.
My kids originally saw this game being advertised on TV and commented that it looked like fun and when they saw me unbox it from Amazon they were excited to try it out.  We finally got a chance to try it out this weekend when we had guests in town and it was a BIG hit with everyone that played.The game is played in two teams, so far we've played it with 6 players (Men against Women) and 10 players (Everyone mixed: Young, Old, Male & Female). Our groups ranged in age from 8 to 50 and although there were a few celebrity names that the younger kids didn't recognize like Steve McQueen, it was not so many that it interrupted the game. Everyone had fun drawing on the "man" and using the "rectangle and cylinder" as props, I was surprised at how creative people can get. I also can't remember the last time I had to set a time limit to "finish up" a game because everyone wanted to keep playing, but this was one.Overall I think this is a great update to the old Pictionary game for several reasons.  Interactive pieces to interest younger kids, the addition of current items to draw and most importantly no more wasting paper!
Pictionary is a game that has become a staple in party games and to get a large number of people into groups and have an enjoyable time.Mattel now brings us Electronic Pictionary Man and definitely introducing another fun way of enjoying the popular party game.This time around, this game comes with a figure (which needs three AAA batteries), a round prop, a rectangle prop, 2 erasable markers, wipe cloth and the game rules.The object is still the same, divide players into two teams and a team will select who will draw the clues on their turn.  And of course, you change a person will draw the next clue on their turn.The game is separated into the following categories:People (Character, Celebrity, History)ActionsTitles (Movie, Music, TV)Role Play (Occupations and Pastimes)MiscellaneousSo, instead of a dry erase board, you have the markers to write on the figure, the round or rectangle prop.Under the figure is a digital screen and two buttons (and an on and off button).  Push the large button and you will be given a clue, and then a brief time to think of what to draw and then the timer will start.  Push the button again to stop the timer.  If your team fails to answer the correct clue, you pass on the figure and props to the other team.After 7 turns, Pictionary Man will then go into a challenge round and teams will see need to answer as many answers in the time allowed.  And also teams can be allowed to steal points as well.  The first team to reach 15 points can win the game.So, an example of a clue is the film "Men In Black" how would you use the figure or the round or rectangle props as clues.  Or another clue would be "librarian", "ballet dancer" or Roseanne Bar, how would you draw these?  The game also features over 2,000+ clues, so plenty of clues and it's quite random, so you don't have to worry about getting the same clues over and over again in a round.As for durability, they are pretty much hard plastic and the round and rectangle props can be opened to store things inside.  The rectangle stores the marker wipes and you can even put the markers inside them.As for the figure, it has a speaker and digital display on the bottom, it's pretty hard plastic but I wouldn't drop it from a high distance.And I think that the battery life is quite long, especially since it has a sleep mode included.As for the ease of use, it's actually quite easy to use.  There are only two buttons and the digital display tells you which button to press (1) or (2).I enjoy Pictionary Man because if you have a small group of people around a table, then it's quite fun to play.  Also, because you get the three props, a little more creativity involved in how you use them.All in all, highly recommended to those who love party games!
Electronic Pictionary Man Game is a fun addition to the Pictionary family.  Pictionary has been a family favorite at our house for years.  Electronic Pictionary Man Game simply adds new elements to an already fun game - like the ability to have Pictionary Man act out certain actions and a 3-D drawing surface.Electronic Pictionary Man Game comes with 2 props, plus Pictionary Man himself.  It also includes a scoreboard, 2 dry erase markers and an eraser cloth.  Batteries are required, but not included.Electronic Pictionary Man Game has an easy to use electronic interface, located on the bottom of Pictionary Man's foot.  The timer is built inside Pictionary Man and is automatically started when the next round begins.Electronic Pictionary Man Game is innovative, fun, and a welcome addition to our family game cache!
This is so much fun. We had a blast. Me and my friends are getting together once a week to play. So much family fun as well.
I was actually surprised by how much my kids liked this toy. It's a series of wooden animals with a hole through them and a long string with a wooden stick at the end that can thread the animals. I naturally assumed the kids would get bored of this quickly, but surprisingly they haven't yet. The wooden pieces are very durable, were well designed, and are brightly painted. The wooden "needle" at the end of the thread makes it easy for a child to thread the animals on the string (my 2 year old had no problems with it). I'm sure the limited possibilities will eventually bore my kids, but they haven't yet.
Seeing the kid play with the toy it is fun. This is one of my favorite toys from Alex, this is the second one we get. (the other one is cars) and it work great. I like this one more, because you can use it to teach animal sounds and more aside of the actual teaching abilities of the toy and the fact that teach fine movement skills.
My oldest(4) is receiving occupational therapy at the moment, and this toy is perfect for that cause. I do have to admit that it's lost its challenge for him pretty quickly, though. He does still enjoy it!At my youngest son's 18 month appointment, it was requested that we work on his motor skills, so this toy is even more appropriate for him. It's still challenging for him. More than anything, he enjoys pulling the beads on the string around in the floor like a train. It's a good thing that it's durable! It's also great for teaching him animals, sounds, counting, and even promoting language.Overall, this is one of those toys you just can't go wrong with! It seems very durable, like most wooden toys, and both of my boys have found lots of ways to enjoy it. I'd say it's probably best for 1 and 2 year olds(a little older if there's a delay of any kind).
My daughter is 28 months old, and we gave her this String a Farm set for Christmas this year.  She immediately grasped the concept of stringing the wooden farm pieces on the string, though I think they do bead projects at her pre-school, so this wasn't a new concept for her.  Unlike some other stringing-type toys, this set is very sturdy and very well designed.  The string is thick and tightly woven, so it doesn't catch or snag on the pieces.  I love that one end of the string is anchored by a wooden piece that is permanently attached, so the other pieces don't fall off when you strong them on (a source of endless frustration to a toddler).  Also, the stringing end of the string is a 3-inch wooden "needle" so it is very easy to push the needle through the thick wood pieces, even for small, uncoordinated hands.  All in all, this is a great toy that has given my daughter hours of fun.
My daughter's only 20 months, so under the recommended age. She isn't really able to do the stringing yet. But she likes me to do it and then she plays with it and takes it apart. She also plays with the animals on their own. My 5 year old with play with her as well. It feels like a good quality sturdy toy.
This is a great set and makes an excellent gift. The blocks are large enough for little hands to easily grasp. My son likes to set them up and make a farm scene and play with them that way as well as stringing them. The blocks are durable and painted nicely, the holes for stringing are well made and it is easy enough for my toddler to string the beads. There are no choking hazards that I could find and overall I found this set to be a favorite toy!
This is a very cute toy for younger kids. It's a set that comes with all kinds of wooden figures included animals, the barn, and things you would find on a farm. Then you create your own stringed farm. It's very durable and since it's wooden, it's much safer for kids than plastic.
I like toys that have learning properties hidden in the fun kids have in playing with them.  This stringing set meets that need for me.  This is a nice set.  The colors are bright and the animals will appeal to children.  The "needle" is actually a wooden dowel.  It is longer than any of the beads are wide, so it will poke out the other side of the bead while the child is still holding on to the base.  Having a bead attached to the end of the string so the beads don't fall off is a nice feature.  My experience with Alex toys is that they hold up well and are safe for children, if you don't give them to them too soon.  This one could be a choking hazard for the under 3 set, so be sure they are not left unattended with these if they are younger or still put things in their mouth.
My 2 1/2 year old daughter loves this toy.  I showed her how to do it the first time, and she immediately picked up the concept.  This is an excellent toy to help teach patience, and to help encourage fine motor skills.I have seen similar sets before, with just plain wooden beads.  I think that the farm theme to this set helps hold the interest of a child.
It keeps her entertained and that means that I love it, too!  It's funny that this product is recommended for ages 3 and up, because my 20 month old enjoys it.  I think this toy has appeak more for the ages of 18 months to 3 or 4 years.  Sure, it comes with a long string that can be a choking hazard, but used under supervision, this toy is a hit with my toddler. The wooden &#34;needle&#34; is completely blunt on the end and is large, so it's easy for my toddler to string the adorable pieces.  The chunky wooden farm pieces can stand up, too, allowing us to create a colorful farm scene on the living room floor. I'd buy this as a gift without hesitation. It's one of my toddler's favorite toys.
This is a great radio-controlled vehicle.  I don't think it is something for a child under the age of 12, because I don't think a younger child will have the patience needed to become accustomed to the controls.  For a child over 12, this toy delivers.Pros:  It has a long battery life, which is unusual for remote controlled toys.It is tough and durable.It goes a lot faster than you would think it would travel.Once you get the hang of the controls, it is realistic and a lot of fun.Cons: The controls take a while to get used to.  There is a lot of wiping out in the beginning.It really can't be played with in the house or down the sidewalk of a back yard.  It take a lot of room.  This toy is better used in a paved parking lot or school yard, but once you find a large, paved area, the fun is never-ending.The motorcycle is alot bigger than it looks in the ad.  That is neither a good or bad feature.  It takes a lot of wear and tear and still works beautifully.  This is a must for the remote control fan in your house.
....on me. I got this for my son, but....I couldn't help it! I got the box from Amazon...it was so big, I had to open it. I saw how big it was I just had to try it. It's awesome. My son is going to love it (if not, I have a new toy). I really have to stress, this is much bigger than I thought. Not so huge that you NEED to use it in a parking lot (though I bet it would be great), however, you will need a big basement (mine is 20x40) or driveway to really get the most out of this R/C. It's pretty quick, and is a bit tricky to handle at first, but then you get used to it. I think it will be a litle difficult for a child to use...and by that I think it will just take a few minutes more. It's not rocket science or anything, it's just not like any other R/C my son has, so I am not used to the control. It's a very cool feature though. This thing is pretty tough but you have to be careful because it is so fast that something is going to get damaged....it could be the toy, it could be the wall, it could be a vase...you get my meaning. Another reviewer mentioned the second so you can race.....I also HIGHLY recommend it. It's no fun watching!!! LOL.This will make a great Christmas present for one lucky child (and the parent will enjoy it as well).
The Wheelie Cycle is a great toy all around, and was eagerly played with by everyone - from kids to adults! The kids actually could not leave this toy alone (most toys last about 15 minutes with them, and are then forgotten in a corner).The Cycle seems to be very durable, and does everything it promises to do, i.e. flips, jumps, wheelies, spin-outs, rolls, etc. We played with it in a large living room; it's definitely more entertaining if there's lost of space with no obstructions such as furniture. I loved that the batteries were included, and replacing them should be just a minor expense. To be honest, I think this toy was as much fun for the adults as it was for the kids! Everyone kept clambering for the remote!
This is a really fun and fast motorcycle. One of the things I love about it is that it came with the battery. I have had to run out and buy those 40 dollar batteries in the past and that really adds to the price of the toy. My 10 year old son and his friends love to play with it they set up a ramp and had fun for over an hour. It takes some skill but they were able to figure it out. This is a great toy if you have a tons of room and an older child.
Ever since the Wii came out, I see tilt control everywhere.  Even my nephew's toddler videogames use it for basic control.  Accelerometers really make sense for use with R/C, as they allow a steering-wheel type control with no need to strap the controller onto something.  If you have a Wii, think of Mario Kart or Excite Truck.  For the most part, the Tyco control is very good, but it does feel a bit loose and much less "analog" than a Wii controller, meaning that it is basically full left or full right, allowing little finesse.With that said, this cycle is still a blast to play with!  It is very fast and has already withstood many crashes with no damage.  I would highly recommend it to anyone with a LOT of room.  The more room you have, the more fun it is to play with.  It is primarily made for areas with very good traction, so grassy areas can be questionable, with modest success.  A large paved area is preferable, particularly for younger kids that may find it frustrating to deal with the somewhat touchy controls on difficult terrain.  This is a great gift idea for a father that can play with it himself and introduce it to his children as they become old enough to use it.
This came yesterday and we took it out of the box right away. This is definately an outdoor toy!, fast fast fast and fun. We live 3 doors down from one of New York city's many mini-parks so we unloaded this rider on the basketball court.What a rush!! My kids and I had the best time. The Tyco wheelie cycle goes and goes and it really does do wheelies. I don't think I showed the kind of control that would make it do a 360, but who cares. I felt like a speed demon nonetheless.  My six year old was able to crash this a few times and cycle kept going. I hope that bodes well for overall durability. I'll update after we take this out a few more times. I think it will be a long time before my six year old will do much more than crash tyco guy, so I am hopeful he can take it!I agree that an older kid would get the most out of this.. but as long as an adult is along for the ride, little kids will crack up with every crack up. Even the four year old was wowed!This is just a ton of fun. if you have a large driveway, or park or parking lot to run this in, I'd say go for it. There is, of course, no way this toy can be an inside toy.
Fun right out of the box. I played this game with my 9-year-old daughter and her 11-year-old friend. We had a great time, and probably improved our memory skills also. The rules are very simple: just remember what everyone did, in the order they did it, for each round. The first round is pretty easy, but the more you play, the harder it gets. For example, you can't remember if sound and act like a frog started this round, or the last round.As for durability, it's a good quality board, sturdy playing pieces and die, and basic, coated cards with the actions/sounds. It comes with a *huge* stack of cards, so it's a game you can play over and over. Even if some cards get repeated, it's going to be in different order, different people, etc. I think we'll be playing this for many years to come.
We got this game yesterday and my 10 year old son and 7 year old daughter really enjoyed the game. It is a fun memory game with easy directions. When you don't win around - you have to go backwards on the game - my 7 year old didn't like the rule.  I think it would be a fun game for all ages!  I think I will buy this game for Christmas gift for my neice.
This game would be extremely fun for young adults.  I am very reserved so prancing around doing silly things wasn't easy for me.  But this game has a great deal of potential for a gathering of young people, or a fun family night at home--lots of giggles and belly laughs. The materials are high quality and I would recommend this product.
A fun and challenging game! Repeat Pete combines charades and memory work in an exciting family/group setting. There are various subjects on cards that are played one at a time. You always have to add on to the person that went before you in addition to the card you just drew. Pretty soon you have to remember the correct order of action and sounds and repeat them all in the 45 second time allotment. It can get pretty crazy and fun! Great game to incorporate new people in a group gathering where we all look silly. Loads of fun. I greatly recommend!
We try to have a family game night a couple of times a month, and we usually pick games that are fast paced.  This was perfect for us, and we just about fell out of our chairs laughing at one another.  My kids are 8, 11, and 2.  The two oldest thoroughly enjoyed the game and my 2 year old had a great time watching us act silly.  To play, you simply choose a card, and do whatever the card says.  The next person must repeat what you did, then draw their own card to act out.  When it gets to the point where you have to repeat five or six things before you get to choose your card, the fun begins!  I think this is a game that all ages would enjoy, our kids sure did!
"Repeat Pete" will make you giggle! It is a board game where as "Pete" you draw an action card and perform the action stated on the card. After your turn,the next player "Repete" performs the action you did plus the action on his card. The next player performs the previous two actions in order plus the action on his card. This continues with each player until someone messes up. My kids really had fun playing this game and so did I! It comes with 267 action cards so you will never play the same game twice! Great family game for 3-8 players!
First off if you know anyone named Pete, you should buy them this game - it's in the instructions if there is anyone named Pete he gets to go first.  So Pete picks a card and acts out what is on the card (i.e. Snoring) then the next player picks a card and does Pete's action and then the action or phrase that is on their own card.  The pattern continues, they do Pete's card, then player number 2 then their own action and so on and so forth until someone messes up and does actions out of sequence or doesn't perform the right action.We changed the rules slightly for our 6 year old to play.  We had a picture card pile only.  Some cards you can make noise, some you cannot, some cards have pictures of things you have to do, some have a description.  When my father-in-law acted out a donkey we all lost it.  This game is crazy fun.  The first time out was a family game night ages ranging from 6 to 78. The second time we played it was a group of adults mid 20s to early 40s.Dislikes, the game says to allow the "it" person a reasonable amount of time to recall the actions.  Well we used an egg timer.  We gave the kids more time (though they probably needed less).  But some of the men we were playing with thought they were entitled to large quantities of time to think, so we broke out the egg timer and gave them a minute to collect their thoughts. Also the gameboard and method of tracking points seems a little lame and we didn't use the di.There is a game board and your pawns move by however many cards are in front of you when the action sequencing gets screwed up regardless of whether or not you stopped the action.  You can also just play for the sheer silliness of it.
This game is so much fun you will want to repeat playing over and over. Easy to learn and quick to play your whole family will love this game. It says it is for 8 and older my my 6 year old could play with some help with the reading. Each turn consists of taking a card which instructs you to act out something from starting a driving a car, opening a door, shooting, or act and sound like an animal, or simply stating a word or words. Once you have picked your card, then you need to act out all the turns done before yours ending with the card you have just drawn. There are also special cards which reverse direction of play, skip a turn, or call for you to do two action cards back to back as the end of your turn. Progress along the board is slow, there are only 11 spaces to get to finish. You only move forward the number of cards you have picked up in each round. It was so much fun no one minded messing up. Infact no one wanted to win and this fun game to be over.
This will now be a regular for our family fun nights!It provides many laughs to the kids and adults.This game is sort of based on simon says. The cards will ask a player "pete" to do a action with or without a sound - as play continues each new player has to repeat all other successful attempts in order.This game is great for friends and others who don't really know you that well as it requires you to break out of your shell and just act a little silly and have a good time.This is a great game and I give it 5 stars!
This is the BEST game to watch teenagers play!  I was lucky enough to observe 17, 16 and 15 year olds kids play this game for about 4 hours last evening and I have to say, I had more fun watching than I have ever had playing a game.  Mind you, I wasn't allowed to play, but  I am sure I would have kicked the butts!  Basically one person picks a card and acts out the directions, then the next acts the first persons card as well as there own and so on and so on.  The fun really begins when the 4th person and 5th person have to act out 6 cards! You can have up to 8 people, but we only had 5 and it was tough to keep up.  What is so fun is listening to the laughter and bickering about their acting skills!  I realize this review sounds nutty, but please believe me, if you have teenagers and want them to be able to play a game that truly engages them this is the one.  My home is the home they all come to and this game is now another reason for them to be here!
In our house, we try to play games together a couple of time a week.  My husband, my 12 year old, my 4 year old, and I gather in the game room and play cards, board games, sometimes hide and seek.  It is a great way to spend time together as a family, and everyone has a good time.Lately, the four year old has expressed interest in board games, so we have kind of reverted to Shoots and Ladders, Hi-Ho-Cherry-O, Hungry Hungry Hippos, Candy Land...you get the idea.  Today, however, we decided to take a risk and play REPEAT PETE.  And what fun we had.  Even though the box says REPEAT PETE is for  ages 8 and up, we ALL had a blast, including the 4 year old, who was actually pretty good at it.  Yes, someone had to team with her, but that was part of the fun.To play REPEAT PETE, the first player draws a card and then performs the action on that card.  The next player draws another card, and then performs the first action and the action on his card.  This sequence of action continues, each player performing all the actions in order, until some one messes up.  Then you count up your points and move your man around the board.  Easy and fun.As I said, my family had a total blast.  The wee one was great at remembering the order of the actions, and it is was a total hoot to watch everyone's interpretations of each action.  The afternoon was full of giggles and high hilarity, and it was a fantastic way to spend a rainy day together as a family.  I predict that REPEAT PETE will get lots of use in our house.  We all had such a great time.  HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.
As you may have gathered from other reveiws this is a fun game. It is simple enough to learn and I have enjoyed playing it with my son 7 and husband.You basically act out the cards and repeat the previous players actions, you cant go wrong with this simple funny game.
Patch's Repeat Pete board game takes the simple concept of memorization and makes it very difficult.  All you need to do to advance to the finish line is repeat every action or phrase of all of the people before you in order and then add your own action at the end.  Mess up, and you roll the die to see if you move one, two or three spaces back while everybody else moves forward based on the number of action cards in front of them.The game is very easy to play, but the actions aren't always easy to remember.  My daughter, who's seven, had a little difficulty with some of the actions and commands on the cards, but that has more to do with her reading ability than anything.  A child of eight years with solid reading skills should have no problem with this game.  Older kids might find the game's premise somewhat silly, but I think that once you convince them to actually participate in a game, they'll enjoy it more.  Adults, especially when combined with adult beverages, will have a blast trying to imitate and repeat the players before them.Overall, I think that Patch has an excellent game on their hands.  It helps youngsters (and adults) keep their memories sharp and will get the whole family laughing.  I highly recommend it.
This game is a ton of fun. I played it with a mixed group of people ages 26-56. Other reviews have went over many times how the game is played. I'll focus on the benifits of playing it.Four ladies/young women sitting around the table that all of a sudden are getting up acting like animals, saying funny things, acting out all manner of actions. (acting like a snake with sound picture that) We laughed until we cried. I don't know when I have laughed so hard. I laugh even to think how we looked to others. And the way it looks when it gets to 8 things in a row it can be really funny.It is a great game for memory building and good belly laughs are proven to be good for the health, mind and body.The cards are well coated and very durable as is the board and game markers. I would say this game will withstand years of laughter giving fun.As we were playing one of the women's husand came in the house and thought we had lost our minds, jumping around like monkeys, evil laughing,swimming and saying "gotcha", in a word it's a HOOT.A word of warning...if you are over 50 you won't want to have a full bladder if you know what I mean. LOL
Okay......at first I though this game would be specifically for kids and would be a little too juvenile for adults.  That was until I sat down with my parents who are in their 50s and my siblings who are in their late twenties and mid-thirties to play it for the first time.This game is a scream.  Naturally, since participants have to act out many of the cards, and not everyone is a natural "ham" who loves being the center of attention, the first few plays will probably be a bit stiff.  Once however everyone relaxes and just enjoys the game, well that is when the fun really begins.The concept of the game is quite simple.  A player will start out by drawing a card and "act out" what is reflected on the card.  Every other player will then repeat what the previous person acted out and then they add their own new action from another drawn card.  This goes on and on until someone goofs up the sequence.  A board game is included with easy instructions to keep score.Unlike some card or board games that seem to last forever, this game probably only takes about 30-40 minutes to play.  If you enjoy unwinding on the weekends relaxing with family or friends playing some games, I would highly recommend including this one.  I thought this game was a lot of fun when we played only with adults and I truly believe it would be just as much fun (if not more so) with the incorporation of kids (the game suggest the minimum age should be 8 since some reading is required).The only down side to this game was that I laughed so hard that I had a headache by the time we finished.  Great game.....you'll have a lot of fun with this one.
I tried out the game with my 7 year old and 10 year old children. The three of us played it for about an hour before we decided to put it up. It is fun and entertaining. It is simple to setup, learn and play. We had lots of fun repeating each other's crazy antics. Younger than 8 children will likely not be able to remember everything as more and more items need to be repeated. Attention deficit children will have a disadvantage as it it important to watch each player first to make sure they do the sequence correctly and second to help yourself remember the sequence. This is a game that needs to be played without any distractions around. If you do not pay attention and commit to memory what you see then you will be at a disadvantage.I do feel this game is educational. I like that it trains your memory skills naturally and in a fun way. I would recommend that if you play with differing ages of children that you agree to help the younger ones out perhaps by giving them 1 or 2 clues per round. I think this would be a great class room game.
This game was hilarious. We played as soon as we were thru with dinner and had so much fun, the kids didn't want to quit. This teaches attentiveness for the younger children. It was me and my daughter and her 2 girls, 4 & 7. The youngest had so much fun she wanted to do more. Needless to say my thought process wasn't as sharp as the younger ones but I had allot of fun anyway. I could see this game having allot of possiblities at an adult paty after a few drinks. You take a card and do as it says then the next person does the same as it goes around the table the things you do add up to allot of differnt things. Finally when someone can't remember everything we have a LOSER!!!!! This is extremely fun for all.....
The game is a board game where players repeat a sequence of actions. Each player gets to be "Pete". The player who performs the action is Pete first and the play continues with the player who performed the last action is being "Pete" next, and so on. The next person in turnmust repeat what Pete did plus add a new action. The more players who correctly do this results in all the other players having an even longer sequence of actions to remember. The cards which give the actions are pretty fun. They may instruct you to "gimme a kiss", "make a raspberry sound", "dance like a ballerina", "swing an imaginary bat" etc. If a player misses the sequence or forgets one of the actions, it ends the round and they roll the penalty die and move backwards on the game. You can gain points for having the most cards, The one crossing the finish space wins the game.My kids liked watching mom and dad do goofy things and were actually better remembering the sequence than I was. It sort of reminded me of thatSimon game (with the lights and sounds) but acting out the sequence with a group. I would recommend the game for families with kids aged 7 and up (since there is reading involved.) It isn't really strategic or intellectual (except for the memorization) but it is still fun! We even liked just acting out the cards without playing the game; it seems you could modify the game play and just use the stimulus cards in different ways if you wanted it to be non-competitive.
My 8 year old daughter just loves this game. She begged to play it again the next day after we played it the first time. She's a bit shy, and acting out the actions and saying the phrases really had her coming out of her shell. We routinely made it up to around 15 cards total before someone goofed up. I was surprised how well she did remembering such a long string of things. A game doesn't take very long so you can play for a little while, or play multiple times. I think this game is great for kids, adults, as well as a mixture of the two. It makes a great party game. When we played we helped each other a little when we got stuck. We weren't real strict. I thought that worked well. As we got better we didn't help each other as much. Overall I recommend this game.
The premise of this game is remembering sequential events. This sounds much easier than it really is. My family (mom, dad, boys; 8 & 9) really enjoy playing games. My husband and I often play games with other adults when we have get togethers at one another's home. This game is going to be a smashing hit! It takes less than 5 minutes to learn and it's a riot from start to finish. Each turn consists of taking a card which instructs you to act out something from starting a lawn mower, to giving yourself a hug, opening a door, shooting pool (all sometimes with or without sound)..., or act and sound like an animal, or simply stating a word or words. It's kind of like the electronic game, Simon, but with the fun and complication of human interaction. Once you have picked your card, then you need to sequentially act out all the turns done before yours ending with the card you have just drawn. There are also special cards which reverse direction of play, skip a turn (which can be a good thing because then you won't be the one who screws up; that ends the round and not only do you not advance on the board, but you actually have to role the die to see how many spaces you have to move backward!), or call for you to do two action cards back to back as the end of your turn. Progress along the board is slow, there are only 11 spaces to get to finish. You only move forward the number of cards you have picked up in each round. We found we "messed up" a lot and thus often we only advanced one or two spaces for each round. We had so much fun playing that we didn't pay much attention to playing piece progress. It would be a shame if this unique game is overlooked.
Great game for the family or a group of friends. Action cards, such as "take a pulse!"....can you do it?  Quick!  Repeat!  It's a simple game and the laughs are abundant!  I played with my own family and then brought it to school on snowy day for the kids to play!  They were ages 6-10 and they had a blast!  Needless to say, I didn't leave the game there, but will share again during our next blizzard!
I received this in the mail today and I couldn't wait for our kids to get home to play it. They called the neighbors over and they all played for a long time. The clencher was, they played outside, so people watched them as they played. I heard them howling outside and went to see what they were doing. They all took turns while the others laughed. The object of the game is like a memory game combined with charades. They have to repeat what the others are doing, then add what their card says. Each person takes turns being Pete, and making their way through the cards. The game takes approx. 30 minutes to play. They had a blast and can't wait for their cousins to come over for Christmas dinner so they can play together. That will be so loud, and funny at the same time! What a fun game to use your imagination with. Another fun game to add to everyones wish list this year!
Before even opening your game up, make sure you have a video camera running to catch one of the funniest family moments ever! Repeat Pete is a fun and educational memory/action game that can be played with 3 to 8 players. My family of four played this game for over an hour. The box says ages 8 to adult, but my 6 year old had no problems reading and following the directions on each card.How the game is played: First you set up the board (which takes all of 2 seconds). After reading through the simple directions, you'll be ready to start the fun. We chose the youngest to begin as "Pete". She pulled one of the five different types of action cards which said "perform this action with sound: MOAN" and followed the directions. Next, I pulled the card that said "Perform this action without sound" showing a cartoon of man vacuuming. First I moaned then pretended to vacuum. My son then enjoyed playing through the first two actions before doing his "Animal Picture: Act and Sound like the Animal Card"- hopping around like a crazed bunny. The game was then off to a hilarious start with each of us taking turns hula-hooping, shouting funny names & phrases, and acting completely silly in the exact order of each card drawn. Trust me, by the 8th card, you'll feel the need for some memory exercises! Thankfully, since you move forward one space for each Action Card you draw, the game soon ends with someone reaching the finish line. With 267 different Action Cards and 21 Special Cards, the game will not get old. As an educator, I would recommend this as a gift to your child's teacher as it can be played without the board for larger groups. As a mom, I definitely say this game needs to be on every parent's shelf! It makes a great gift for adults, too, because who doesn't like to watch their friends act like kids once in a while?
If you have as much fun as I do buying toys for little boys, then be sure to grab this one!  What an adorable firehouse!  The building looks just like your everyday firehouse, hoses, firetrucks, etc., but wait.  There's an invasion coming on the voila!  The doors turn into a transformer and the firetrucks are on their way into battle!  There's a firehose to slide down, the thing talks to you the whole time, and all-in-all, the thing just sings of hours of playtime.  The boys just cannot get enough of this set and even the older boys have some fun with it!  Since it's entirely of plastic (with the only exception being the voicebox), it is a very easy cleanup.  My only complaint is that it is a bit flimsy at times so if you can get it for less than $50, then by all means, avail yourself of the opportunity.  Other than that, YOU JUST HAVE TO BUY THIS TOY!  Highly, highly recommend!
Optimus Prime + Fire station.  I mean come,on.  My kids when wild when the saw this.  Honestly I didn't even know where they learned about Optimus Prime but they recognized him right off the bad.  The build of this toy is good.  Not great. But good enough.  The fire house/transformer thing seems a little hokey to me, but my kids are really into this toy.  Now, they only vaguely know that Transformers are some kind of super-hero but that's good enough.  They end up mixing it up with a bunch of other toys and making up games that may, or may not involve fire fighting or battling bad guys.  If the little girl from next comes over it might end being a doll house for a while.  At the end of the day it's a clever little toy that kids can use for all sorts of imaginary play and the "transforming" bit just makes it a little more fun.  Once you make the batteries disappear, it a parent friendly toy too.  I between my kids, the neighborhood kids and a gaggle of cousins I've seen a lot of kids check this out, and it seems to stick pretty well with the 4-8 set.
This is a keeper. Not only does my grandson love this toy, but it's durable too. From Optimus Prime to a fire station, he hovered around me, hands clapping, until I undid all the wires keeping it in the box.Made of sturdy plastic, and colorful to boot, I made dinner while emergency  vehicles swirled around my feet. From, "C'mon gramma. Play with me!" to "Do I have to eat dinner now?" This toy served its purpose in keeping little ones entertained.My grandson reluctantly bid Optimus Prime a fond farewell when his mom and dad came to pick him up, until I promised I would buy him one for his very own.A quick smile and hand-wave made my day as he scurried out the door. This toy does everything I expected of it and it's worth the money to see a smile like that on my grandson's face.
I was delighted to be able to get this for a young boy who is a huge fan of the Transformers in general and Optimus Prime in particular. The toy has provided hours and hours of playing time, which has, of course, involved bringing all of his transformer toys out to play as well. Interestingly, of all the features of the set - and there are many - the one that has been the biggest hit with him has been the book that accompanies it.This will be a definite hit to any child who loves the Transformers. I will issue a warning: this is a loud toy. You can always remove the batteries and produce a quieter toy, but if you don't mind your kid getting a little loud - or to be more precise, don't mind their toys getting loud - this could be a perfect and hugely popular gift for all Transformers fans ten and younger.
This toy is fabulous.  I requested it as a vine product; but would gladly pay the $24.99.It's a good sized dump truck with bright, fun colors and a cute toy driver.  You can push a red button on the side and the headlights blink, the toy rumbles, the back wheels spin and it makes a variety of construction sounds.  You can push the driver and he says "don't forget to wear your hardhats" "coming through" or plays music.The back has plenty of room so that your child can haul around a bunch of toys.Toy is recommended for 18 months plus.  I think this toy will last a long time and even 5 and 6 year olds will enjoy it.
My 3 year old just loves this truck!  It is a nice size with ample space in the back to hold lots of blocks or whatever.  There is a button on the side that when pressed makes the truck jump up and down with engine starting noises before it starts to roll forward on it's own.  A construction man sits in the driver seat and when pressed either plays music (a little loudly) or says an expression like "where your hardhats!" Perhaps most importantly, there is a "mute" button for parents to employ when the noise becomes too much.  As for durability, we've only had the toy a week, but it did bounce down an entire flight of stairs onto a hard wood floor without a scratch on it.  So I'd say it's pretty durable too.  Just be aware that you need a tiny screwdriver to get the thing out of the box.  It is literally screwed into a plastic plate into the bottom of the box-- then once you get that out, you have to unscrew the additional two screws (6 in total!) to remove the safety plate from the bottom of the vehicle.  These people are serious about security!
This is a great toy for young boys with the sights and sounds to excite his imagination.  Made of softer plastic that can stand the rough treatment it will get from smaller kids. The box says 18+ months but the advertisement on Amazon warned of small parts: for kids over three.  Unless something breaks off I didn't find anything that seemed to be a problem.  The mute switch is good but the noise seems to be part of the toys attraction.  Even without sound the truck has a dump bed that will allow kids to move stuff for hours with or without sound.  The manufacture was serious about security! Parents be aware you will need to unpack this toy. Two plastic straps & 6 screws hold this truck to the package. You will need a small screwdriver and heavy scissor to get the truck out of the box. Best to unbox the toy before you warp it.
My two years old is in love with this truck.He immediately understood how to use the red button and got very pleased when he figured out that moving the driver around was triggering more noises.Overall this toys is very sturdy and I would guess will last for a while.Would highly recommend
My son and I both adore this you. He plays with it happily all the time and I love how durable and fun it is.
There is nothing like a truck with no technology attached, no remote, no Bluetooth connection, just plain imaginative fun.  This bright yellow truck with "monster" wheels and sound effects will delight the toddler in your life.  The bright red button provides sound effects when pressed and the toy character on the truck says a few phrases.  There is just enough interactivity to enchant a modern child to play with this conventional toddler truck.
i sent this to my great nephew who just turned two, he loves trucks and this one is a huge hit- my niece his mother says its very cool one of the coolest trucks she's seen yet, the blurb states it makes noise- the real site construction noises and immediately caught the imagination of my great nephew as " coool" , just after one play session- he loves it and it kept his attention too he played with it until it was time to come in, i would recommend it and all Toystate trucks - they have a great idea going here, using some technology to make playing fun but still encouraging kids to go out and play and use thier imaginations. i'll be looking into getting the others for my great nephew!
The CAT Big Movin' Rumbler is the cutest little dump truck and perfect for the younger preschool set!  My little guy loves trucks as much as his older brother, and now he has his very own, age appropriate (18+ months) dump truck.  He loves all the lights and sounds and that the truck will move forward at the press of a button, and I love that there's a mute button on the bottom of the truck for when all the sounds become a little much.  There's also a little construction worker figure with which my son can role play, something he is just starting to enjoy.  It's a great little truck; the plastic seems sturdy and durable, and I foresee my son enjoying it for a long time to come.
I generally defer to my 3 yr. old when it comes to reviewing his toys.  His expertise in the area is much less dated than my own.  I held off on this one even though he loved it right out of the box.  My thought was that I wanted to see how it held up to "play".  After roughly a month with the little guy (who is not by any means gentle with toys) it has held up admirably.  It has also managed to keep his interest which can sometimes be a problem.  If you purchase, I hope that your little one enjoys it as much as mine and thanks for taking the time to read our review.
I have to admit it was kind of rocky getting started. It took a long time to download to my computer and the controls were hard to get used to...but after all that...this game is really alot of fun! It comes with a real turbo hot wheels car that the handheld console recognizes when you attach it. The car you attach is the car you will be driving. (I guess you can buy the other cars separately.) You race in one of 8 different racing games which you have to unlock. Everytime you finish your race you get points that you accumulate to buy special features for the car. The added bonus is that you can go to the hotwheels website and play over 20 mini games also! Overall this was a big hit for my boys!
First I have to say the online games suck! We dont like them. We tried it and my son asked to put the cd back in. They said on the package that the online portion with be discotinued without notice on or after Jan. 2010. Oh well.Now for the acual game and controller. The cd it comes with is very easy to install. Just pop it in. It takes a while for it to download at first. Once that is done, you are ready to play. You can race on all 8 levels. Each level has special track that only a certain car can go on. It's a way to get you to buy the extra cars.The extra cartriges are $20 a peice. I know we are getting one for sure. They are really pricey though.My almost 6  year old, really loves this game, and so do I. We do like video games and the controller is similar to the xbox 360 joysticks. There is no delay or anything with it. It does take some time to get used to the controls though, as it usually does with all new to you controllers.Thisgame would make an awesome gift. Probably going to give this as a gift to a few 5-7 year old boys on my christmas list.
The HotWheels.Com Turbo Driver Controller turns every personal computer into an arcade game and should be on every child's Christmas or birthday list!  The box says it's recommended for kids 5+, but it's entertaining for kids all ages.Installs in two easy steps:1.  Plug into the USB port on your PC2. Allow the accompanying disc to download the softwareThere are various cartridges (aka cars) that can be used with the Turbo Driver Controller. The game comes with one and additional cars/vehicles can be purchased separately.The graphics are pretty cool, too.  There are 8 backgrounds, driving tracks and conditions to choose from.  Depending on which cartridge (car) you navigate, your experience will be different.  Try various cartridges because they all navigate the tracks differently.This is a great option for kids ages 5+ and for anyone who enjoys racing and owns a computer!
Pros: 1)NO BATTERIES NEEDED! It gets its power from the computer's USB port you plug it into.2)EASY to figure out.  No need to be able to read to understand game.3)Pretty much keeps the car on the track to minimize frustration for young players. No need to worry about running out of gas, or "lives."4) Can use earned points to upgrade for more car features- such as 25 different car horn sounds, designs for car, power, etc.5) Can buy other cars that will work with it.6) Can pop car out of controller and play with it like a regular toy.7)Ergonomic design of controller makes it comfortable and easy to hold.8) several different track designs to choose from.Cons; A) Requires specialized Hot Wheels car that snaps into controller. One comes with the game unit.B) Car engine sound effects are a bit strange; sounds more like a drill than a race car. Only tried one type of car, others may be different.C) Have to go through "install" window to run game each time.  Don't have to do full install, but it is confusing.D)Too easy to oversteer, but no different from other race games.E) Once you have begun a race, it's not apparent how to stop in the middle of it to do something else/try a new track. Figured out you have to press the Escape key.Other cons which may be due to our ancient laptop (it's 6+ years old);C)Could not control sound volume while playing the game.D)Took about 15 minutes to install. Again, this may be due to our old computer processor.Game controller with 3 buttons is very easy to figure out, even for middle-aged parents like me who don't typically play these kinds of games. Of course, my 5-year-old had no trouble figuring it out on his own. I'm  guessing this would be easy enough for a child younger than 5, but safety reasons suggest it is for ages 5 and up. 3-D Graphics are good, controller is very responsive.  Even our dinosaur laptop didn't have any problem handling the colors, speed or graphics.Will this be a "must have" toy this Christmas? I think it would be a nice birthday gift, as I think a lot of kids ages 5 to 9 will enjoy it. If your child already likes to play with cars, they will like this game, but if your child is in the "tweens" or older, it may be too easy for them.
We LOVE this game.  My husband is obsessed and he loves his XBOX 360.  He sat there playing this thing for over 4 hours until he could no longer keep his eyes open.  It is very fun and I thoroughly enjoyed it as well.  It is very reminiscent of that "Cruisin" game that we used to play in the movie theaters or arcades growing up.The controller is pretty big and fits nice in an adults palms as it does in a childs.  The control is nice and tight and you get to buy some cute upgrades as you play more and more races.  There is an easy connection via USB with a very quick install and the configure screen takes about 2-3 minutes.  The graphics are really nice, not 360 or PS3 nice but on par with the "Cruisin" game that I previously referred to.  There is no lag and it responded well to my Vista system.The CARtridge pops up with the push of the red eject button and you can easily swap it for other CARtridges with different attributes.  These can become rather costly.  One thing that turned me off is that fact that on the packaging is says that without notice they might discontinue the online fuction on Jan 2010.  That isn't right when children are involved.The second thing that we didn't like at all was the online service.  The games were horrible and the graphics were atrocious.  So maybe it isn't so important to have the online games after all.  For us, it was horrible.  The game is fun and there are many different enviroments to race in.I highly recommend this for children aged 7 and up.  They will have a blast the way we did.
Practice with this product revealed that the theory is correct.  By using this flat trainer, it feels more natural to get one's body literally in the ball's path.  And it makes ball handling basics come alive.  I would not have believed it, yet it works.
I wasn't sure I'd like this much upon first sight, but once I tried it out a few times I decided it had promise.  The "foam" is not soft, but rather fairly stiff.  It measures 8 3/4" x 9 1/2" at its widest points and 1/2" deep, giving the player ample protection to his or her hands.According to Baseball Player Magazine, "Each and every play is different, but the decision to use one or two hands inevitably comes down to being in the most athletic position. The use of two hands is best suited for taking a routine groundball. During the routine type play, a good infielder will actually deflect the ball to their throwing hand thus creating a quick transfer. The glove doesn't even have to close, and the glove is positioned so the fielder can catch the ball off the palm or flattest part of the glove. Completely flat training gloves with no fingers or pocket are a great training tool to learn how to deflect."This is a "completely flat" training glove that will get the young player used to using two hands, especially when fielding grounders.  Perfect for young players!FEATURES:~  Reinforces the use of two hands and the player getting his body in front of the ball~  Great practice for turning two on the field~  Fits either hand~  Appropriate for all levels of baseball~  For baseball or softball~  Soft foam construction~  Comfortable elasticized strapsSKLZ Baseball/Softball Training Aids:SKLZ Hit-A-Way Swing Target Swing Trainer(Youth)SKLZ Hit-A-Way PTSSKLZ Softhands - Baseball Fielding TrainerSKLZ Quickster Net - Portable Quick Assembly Multi-Sport NetSKLZ Mini Practice BallsSKLZ Reaction Ball - Baseball Agility TrainerSKLZ Hit-A-Way Baseball Swing TrainerSKLZ Lightning Rod - Speed Training Baseball Swing TrainerSKLZ Power Stick - Overload Strength Training BatSKLZ Power Handle Bat Handle Resistance Trainer
This little piece of foam works great for anyone who needs to learn to catch.  It is cheaper than other training gloves; and works well to get you to use both your hands when catching the ball.  Perfect teaching your child to play catch or for the younger ones who have just started on a team.
I've got a young-un interested in baseball.  We've done some city-sponsored summer baseball camps that use various fielding trainers.  For little ones (under age 8, especially) I think this stiff-foam-rubber version of a fielding trainer is superior to rigid plastic ones.You may be asking, why use a fielding trainer at all?  Why not just use a glove?  These flat fielding trainers make it impossible to field grounders by simply scooping up the ball with one's glove.  The fielder must get into a good fielding position and use both hands to retrieve a grounder.  This helps train muscle memory to improve one's posture and field grounders effectively.This trainer isn't stout enough to field hard grounders hit with a bat - it may sting little hands.  You'd want to just toss grounders to your little ball player.  It's got elastic finger holes and straps that will fit most hands (my little guy and I can both make it work) with a comfortable fit.  The foam rubber surface is tough enough for several hundred grounders, I'm sure.  I find it better than the rigid plastic variety simply because it mimics a glove's "feel" better with the added benefit of providing a little "give" taking some "mustard" off the ball.If you've got a little one interested in baseball (or softball) and want to lock in proper grounder fielding technique, this fielding trainer will certainly help and not break the bank.
I'd never heard of this concept for training catching, but it works great.  I'm happy with the product, but was even more glad to learn about this training concept.  My kids are really learning the mechanics of catching with the help of this tool (and come clones that we fabricated).
If you child is interested in playing ball then this is the perfect training glove to help him/her to learn how to catch and get used to the initial stiffness that comes with a baseball glove.  Two handed catching is used here and helps the child learn what part of the glove will get the better catch.  It's a heavy foam and quite sturdy so that those small hands get the ball easier.  Great Christmas gift here folks that's not going to break the bank.
We love music in our house and are finally beginning suzuki violin, I believe this helped create a strong foundation for her training!
I knew this DVD was a hit as soon as I put it in and saw my 10-month old daughter sitting very still, watching the TV with a big smile on her face. She watched the video from beginning to end, and now every time I play it she recognizes the catchy music.I like Juno Baby the best because it of its simplicity and clarity. Juno and friends are little puppets, and it seems homemade in feel while having a high production value, and is layered with some very nice classical music that is soothing yet still light and fun. Its a really exceptional character to mix up when you get a little too much Sid, Curious George, and all the rest.
"Juno Baby -- Juno's Rhythm Adventure" is a wonderful DVD for toddlers, one that will engage them with charming puppetry vignettes, while also introducing them in a very basic way to music, counting and various languages, such as French, Spanish and (of course) English... but that's from an adult perspective. From a toddler's perspective, my 4 youngest nieces and nephews (ranging from ages one to three) have been playing this DVD ad nauseam since I gave it to them weeks ago... and that speaks louder than any review I can come up with. Highly recommended.
This review is going to be mainly from the perspective and the reaction it got from my 2.5 year old niece. Talking to my sister, I was told that she was first introduced to Baby Einstein. They own a set of DVD's from this title. Now it was time to introduce my niece to something different and subject her visual and aural stimulations to something other that what she was used to watching.When the dvd started playing, she had the look of being startled. After a few minutes, she was all engrossed on what she was watching. Then laughter, the best reaction so far. My niece was totally awed by the characters and it was a good way to introduce her to music which was, from me watching it too, was all about.There are many ways and means of introducing a child to the intricacies of the world. We, as their elders have our own share of finding (and shopping) for things that would be a factor in our Children's development. I found Juno Baby -- Juno's Rhythm Adventure to be one such way to fully supplement and aid the child's development. I highly recommend this!
I only have a 6 month old so I am writing this review from my own perspective of the DVD, keeping in mind what an older infant may enjoy.  I do have to say, though, that my baby rarely looks at the TV and when I popped in Juno, a big smile emerged across his face.  He was so happy and couldn't figure out how to express his happiness, he nearly started hyperventilating.  I could not get him to look away.  When I turned him around, he nearly broke his neck trying keep his eyes glued on Juno!  I had never this reaction from him. It had me momentarily freaked because I was afraid he might be quite upset when it was time to shut it off. Clearly young babies adore this DVD as well.  I can understand, with the vivid characters and colors and fantastic music.  From an older infant perspective, I love that this DVD provides a lot of ability to interact.  You can get up and stomp your feet with the music!  It's fun and I thoroughly enjoyed watching it as much as one can enjoy a children's show.  The extras are great too, the language flashcards are educational and fun but definitely for an older child.  The flashcards were when my infant finally lost interest and resumed his usual task of mouthing anything and everything within his grasp.
We only have one DVD so far in this series but my 1 year old granddaughter just loves it. She also has the pink bunny doll. It holds her attention and she laughs and dances around when she's watching it. Maybe Santa will bring her more DVD's and the other dolls in the series.
A true sing along; my kids (ages 1, 3, 5) are so engaged in this every time they watch it (which is quite often!) If you buy the DVD, you'll have to buy the CD, as well - you'll LOVE hearing your kids sing and love/appreciate music through Juno Baby! Their love and appreciation of music have grown since being exposed to Juno Baby - and almost every day - when the kids make any kind of noise, they'll tell me, it's rhythm!
I ordered this for my 16 month old niece. She absolutely loves it. The music is lively and entertaining, and she is very animated listening to it. This is a great way to instill a love of music in children at an early age.
My 6 year old son really enjoyed the Xoomy.  He played with it quietly for about 40 minutes and then opted to bring it to the restaurant with him instead of his Nintendo DS, which really surprised me.  He is quite creative and loves art, so maybe that's why he's interested in it.  He did say he wished it came with more paper and other assorted transparencies.  He wanted to bring it with him on an errand this morning, but was already out of paper.  It is kind of a bummer to sit and cut 4 inch squares of paper.The Xoomy comes with 20 transparencies, 10 sheets of starting paper, and a fine tip felt pen.  Basically, the toy projects the transparency image onto the paper, you trace the image, and then color it in when you are finished with your final masterpiece.  (This toy reminds me of my childhood art toy, "Fashion Plates."  Where you design an outfit and then can color it in.)  The only inferior part of the toy that I can find is the flimsy card-stock glare shield.  There is no way that is going to last, but so far we haven't had a need for it.  The light isn't too bright where it would hurt your child's eyes, but it is definitely bright enough to work well.  I would recommend this if your child likes art and enjoys drawing.
This toy is rated for 7 years old, but my little girl is about 5 years and is able to do it. She enjoys picking which picture to draw! There a lot of choices. How does the toy work? You turn on a bulb and then put the chosen picture over the bulb. It is then projected onto a screen in which it is blown up to a bigger size making it easier to draw. All you have to do is use the provided fine point pen and the paper. If you run out of paper in the long run, it would be easy to make more yourself. It is turning my little girl into an artist. This is a fun toy. If one change could be made to the product, for me it would be the paper being more secured on the screen. It does move some.
With Aspergers we have gross motor skill problems and praticing writting and holding pencils and such gets boring. This little tracing machine has helped make it more fun to draw. It allow you to trace the animals in the kit and then be creative in the rest of your design. Having the disc to trace has helped with pratice holding and controling his pencil. Great toy.
This is a clever idea that, because kids can vary the pictures, will stand up to repeat play. Perhaps the next step would be to encourage them to try drawing on their own, or using a photo as a model.It's a very nice,high quality art toy, probably best suited for up to 10 years old, depending on skill level. Simple to use and enough variety to hold a child's interest for quite awhile.
I was a little iffy when I got this for my 5 year old daughter. Because as an adult I kept thinking of the limitations... only 20 patterns, a few sheets of paper, and the colored pencils that are shown in the photo are not even included. But I gave it a shot anyways and after showing her how I traced the projected image, she colored it. And I thought "okay, so now I'm making her coloring pages, this is less than ideal." Then we used the segmented disc that let you mix up the body parts of different animals and she loved the Bear-a-roo we made, okay it's a cool trick, but I'm getting tired of drawing (although I must say the included felt pen is very nice). So, I tell her she'll have to do it on her own. She was hesitant at first, but once she saw an image appear that she had made, she was hooked. By the end of the day every family member had their own colored image that she had traced herself. With the following days, the interest didn't wane, she wanted to keep using it. She didn't care that she drew the same images over and over, or that she had to use her own crayons. She didn't worry about the number of sheets that came with it. She just kept drawing and told me how much she loved it. For me that's a win. So if you have a young child in your home and you want to encourage drawing, tracing, coloring, or penmanship it well worth the try.
When I was growing up I remember playing with a Barbie tracing toy. I spent hours "designing" dresses and drawing the patterns provided. When I saw the Ravensburger Xoomy Animals toy I knew that it would provide my own kids with a fun opportunity to draw, trace, and color on their own. The Xoomy comes with enough discs to create a wide variety of animals simply by tracing the image projected on the screen.Honestly, I probably thought it was just as much fun as my kids did. No real skill required. If you can trace a picture you can impress your friends with your own works of "art." I like that the discs are conveniently stored inside the unit, making it convenient to take with you on car trips or plane rides.It was a hit in our house. It's something that my kids can enjoy for years to come.
For many years my family has enjoyed the beautiful puzzles that Ravensburger has created so the idea that they had something else to offer definitely appealed to me.  It's nice for me to be able to figure out what the children are drawing without guessing and possibly hurting their feelings but guessing wrong.  My daughter was so proud of her accomplishments and so was I.This toy is very easy to operate and you can begin to watch beautiful animal designs develop before your eyes in just a few minutes.Inside the box are twenty animal tracing discs, paper (only 10 sheets) and a felt tip pen for the tracing.You simple chose an animal disc design you like, secure the drawing paper in plans and then you are able to trace from the disc.  The projected image can be re-sized to project a different sized image on the paper or you can combine multiple images on the page.The only limit is your imagination as aside from the animals you can add backgrounds of anything you like.  Older children might have more ideas depending upon their skills but regardless of your age this is a fun activity for future artists of all ages.You will need two AA batteries to use this toy a it is necessary since the light produces the backlight which provides the outline for the animals to be trace.  The other problem is the paper is not a standard size and once your future artist gets started you are going to need to keep a package of paper handy to make them happy.A great benefit of this is when you are done all the pieces go back into the box and you can put it away or take it with you if you decide to travel and want to take it with you.  A smart and not very costly way to have turn and forget video games or a blu-ray and watch your young Picasso, Rembrandt or Michangelo come alive and before you know it your fridge will be covered with your "little artists" work.
My 2.5 year old grandson is just starting to do puzzles and these large floor puzzles are great. On top of that, he love Thomas and Friends so this Thomas and Friends Carnival at Night 35-piece Puzzle is just right for him. It also comes in a great little round tin that he carries around like a suitcase. He has found several used for it. Luckily, I have a puzzle bin where he can put the pieces so he can use the tin as another toy. He did need help with it and being it is only his second puzzle, I think it is fine. As a former educator, I like that it teaches him about shapes and spatial relationships. For him, it is just fun!
okay, so I find personally the clash of secondary colors a biut strong in this productthe orange on purple and the greenbut still we find an opportunity to discuss colors hereand the characters are of course belovedI have used this with large groups of four and five year olds and they love it and we share and we think and we do itas well as independentlyyupI can do it all by myselfnow
Ravensburger's "Thomas & Friends - Carnival At Night" is a wonderful 35-piece puzzle which children may enjoy assembling.  It is more compact than the company's 24-piece floor puzzles for younger toddlers; finished size is approximately 12" X 18".  Thomas the Train and his fellow engines are very familiar characters for most children - and for their parents.  Those young Thomas fans should have fun putting this puzzle together, as they learn to relate spatial and linear concepts when placing pieces correctly to form the completed picture. Thomas the Train fans, in particular, will find this a wonderful puzzle.Ravensburger's "Thomas & Friends -  Carnival At Night" puzzle is sturdy and the picture is firmly attached so that little ones will have quite a bit of difficulty if they are prone to "peeling" items apart. The die-cuts are smooth which allows for easy assembly. Pieces fit together well. They are not so tight that a child will become frustrated, nor so loose that the puzzle will fall apart if jostled slightly.  Unlike Ravensburger floor puzzles whose pieces have a slightly textured surface, the surface of the  "Thomas & Friends -  Carnival At Night" pieces is smooth.The Thomas the Train carrying tin Ravensberger has used is sturdy; the use of a "suitcase" shape is unique and clever.  Including a handle for carrying, as if the puzzle container actually were a carry-on tote, adds to the overall train and travel theme of this product.Although recommended for ages 4 - 6 years, I think younger children with whom an adult is "playing" can enjoy Ravensburger's "Thomas & Friends - Carnival At Night" puzzle.  If attempting to assemble this puzzle alone, younger children may become frustrated.  Ravensberger's "Thomas & Friends - Carnival At Night" puzzle is definitely a 5 star toy - not only for its fun factor, but also for its durability and its educational value.
All aboard is a phrase daily heard and said in my household. You guessed it, my son is a huge Thomas the Tank Engine Fan! And as a parent and homeschooling mother, I'm always looking for ways to cater toward my children's development. I've found that puzzles are excellent for children to improve fine motor skills and logical thinking. Plus puzzles are great to have around for some quite downtime!This puzzle is by one of our favorite companies, Ravensburger. We not only like the puzzles offered but the games are equally excellent too. We've always found this company to be of the very best quality and all the games and products we have from them have provided for a good time always.The Thomas & Friends Carnival at Night 35-Piece Puzzle has been a hit with both my nearly two year old and my four and half year old. My first praise is going to the handy storage tin! I like that all the pieces easily fit inside the tin and it can be taken along easy without fear of losing any pieces. You can also use the tin for other things. I know my son has enjoyed storing some of his treasures in there during play while the puzzle was set up on a table.The puzzle itself features Thomas, Percy, James, and Gordon. The pieces are very child friendly and have held up wonderfully over time. I've lost count of how many times this puzzle has been taken apart and put together again by my kids. The puzzle illustration itself is very colorful and quite eye catching. I can see us eventually using puzzle glue and hanging it up in the wall once my son outgrows it and it's ready for something more challenging!Overall, we are extremely happy with the Thomas & Friends Carnival at Night 35-Piece Puzzle. It's durable, challenging, colorful, and comes in a fun tin that can double as more than a puzzle storage box. We highly recommend and wouldn't hesitate to buy another one! Excellent gift for any child that adores Thomas the Tank Engine!
My 5 yr old little boy loves Thomas and has a new found fondness of puzzles.  This puzzle (along with another Thomas one of the same size) was just an instant hit with him.  We (mostly him) put it together many times and finally put the "puzzle glue" on it and hung it up on the wall.  He is so proud every time he looks at it and tells me he put it together by himself!  Now I just have to buy more puzzles for him.  :-)
The Thomas the Train puzzle comes in a fun container which is easy to tote around. It has larger pieces for little toddlers to be able to grab. My kids enjoy this puzzle, and I especially enjoy the tin container as it makes it less likely that we will lose a puzzle piece! Worth purchasing, especially if your child loves Thomas the Train.
I've noticed that when these fun puzzles come in interesting containers, it is SO much easier to entice kids to put their puzzles away afterwards!  The puzzle is nice, pieces are a good size, and the puzzle scene is colorful and interesting for the preschoolers.  Being able to tote this about the house in the tin is also a big plus for some little guys!
This is a very nice puzzle that comes in a study reusable container. Especially good for adult playing with the child. Would make a great gift.
This colorful and attractive 35-piece puzzle features Thomas the Train with a carnival and fireworks in the background.  It is perfect for my 3 year old boy who loves puzzles.  The pieces are just the right size for small hands.  As usual this Ravensburger puzzle is sturdy and of excellent quality.  As a bonus the puzzle comes in a decorative lunchbox-type tin for easy storage.  Highly recommended.
Looking for an activity (other than coloring) that I could enjoy with my granddaughter, I decided to get this puzzle since she loves Thomas and I've always enjoyed jigsaw puzzles. I am really pleased with it--putting the puzzle together provides alone time for her and me, AND she loves the carrying case. It seems that the puzzle pieces will have to be stored in a baggie because the case was too attractive for her to leave on the shelf--it does make a nice overnight bag for baby doll clothes. You can get jigsaw puzzles at dollar stores and other discount outlets, but this puzzle far outshines them in terms of attractiveness, quality, and durability. You definitely get what you pay for.
My 3yr old daughter loves Thomas and this puzzle she can actually put it together (with some help of course)the pieces are big for little hands and a little thick they should hold up well. Love the little Tin keeps things nice and neat, the colors are vibrant and beautiful great educational toy.
Very cute tin...smaller for little hands. My therapy kids loved the case and easily put the puzzle together. If your child loves Thomas, this is a nice gift and will work well traveling. The picture itself is bright and cheerful and the pieces sturdy and interlock well.
Ravensburger's has again put out a great puzzle for the 2 and up age group.  It's a sturdy puzzle with well cut pieces, well laminated and great graphics.  This one has an added attraction of being in an carrying tin.  It's more than large enough for the puzzle pieces and has a simple latch at the top with a redhandle to carry it around with.  I'd recommend putting the puzzle in a 1quart ziploc as my 3yr old carries this around everywhere and checks in on the puzzle every so often and dumps it on the floor with some other treasure that he's put in there as well.All said another great puzzle (and carrying case) by Ravensburger's!
This puzzle is absolutely adorable and the kids just love it. It's really two toys in one, as the kids right away said they would carry other "stuff" around in the wonderful metal tin, which has a handle and looks like a little suitcase. The 35 puzzle pieces are on the small side, so this is *not* for very young children. The manufacturer says ages 4-6, but I suspect a 4-year-old might have some trouble with the puzzle pieces and/or might get bored or frustrated trying to put 35 pieces together. So far, the pieces seem very sturdy, but we haven't had it for very long yet. The tin looks bigger in the photo than it is; it is about 9" wide at its widest.
Not only did my nephew absolutely love this puzzle, he loved the handy tin as well! On Christmas Day alone he put it together three different times and proudly showed it off to anyone who would take a look! He's five years old and this puzzle is perfect for him!
Kids love puzzles and our grandson loves Thomas.  Almost all other puzzles come in cardboard boxes that are subject to falls and getting stepped on and generally disintegrating.  This colorful Thomas the Train Engine puzzle comes in a sturdy tin "lunch box" - easy to carry and pretty difficult to accidentally destroy.
WHAT A GREAT PUZZLE.  I THINK ITS A WONDERFUL GIFT, SOMETHING THAT IS EDUCATIONAL AND FUN TO WORK THROUGH.  THE METAL BOX IS GREAT AND SEEMS LIKE IT WILL LAST. JESUS' BLESSINGS AND PEACE
his mother tells me he loves this puzzle and he REALLY loves the case carries it around with him! very fun to put together for the 1 1/2 year old and his 7 year old cousin. Thomas the train is a great hit in the household and its durable well made and very fun to a small toddler who adores puzzles and Thomas the train! highly recommend!
Very nice puzzle. This is a quality puzzle with the added bonus of a tin box. I own more than one Ravensburger puzzle for adults. I particularly like the ones that you can use your smart phone with after you complete putting it together. What they all (including this one) have in common is a a well made puzzle piece designed to last and be put together over and over.
My nieces and nephew love Thomas and this was a huge hit! The finished puzzle is vibrant, colorful, and very eye-catching. It's educational in that it can help with spatial reasoning and problem solving. We have many puzzles and games from the Ravensburger company and they are always made of high quality cardboard and are sturdy for small kids. All the pieces interlock perfectly, unlike puzzles I bought from other companies that have small gaps between the pieces and bend easily. I love the metal tin that it comes in because it's much sturdier than a cardboard box and make traveling with the puzzle easy without the worry of the pieces spilling out. The metal tin also doubles nicely as a lunchbox!
My grandson loves puzzles and if it's Thomas he likes it even more. The pieces are sturdy and the tin container makes a great way to keep them stored properly. My grandson adds a few of his trains to the case and he is ready to go.
This is a beautiful Thomas puzzle with high quality colorful graphics like all Ravensburger puzzles. The 35 piece design will pose more of a challenge for preschoolers than simple 25 piece Thomas puzzles.  The adorable, red- handled tin with can double as a storage box for other toys as well (like my son's toy cars when he eventually tires of completing puzzles).  The Carnival at Night puzzle is another quality, visually attractive Ravensburger offering with a great carrying case at a very reasonable price. If your children like Thomas, they will love to see Thomas and Friends under the fireworks!
The Thomas & Friends Carnival Night puzzle comes in a adorable round collector's style tin which has a convenient handle so you can take this puzzle where you need to go. The Thomas puzzle is 35 pieces and recommended for ages 4-6 mostly i think due to the size of the pieces which is a little above normal/standard. Overall it's a lot of fun to put together, the children love the cute little tin with Thomas on the front and it makes a great gift.
This puzzle is perfect for the young Thomas admirer.  The pieces are large enough for young hands (ages 2 1/2 up) to easily manipulate and they are sturdy. The metal tin is a durable carrying case that can withstand toddler rough housing and can double as a carrying case for other items, if desired.  My almost 3 year old loves this puzzle and can put together much of it himself.This particular puzzle is a huge step up from the past Thomas puzzles from this same company that were smaller in size and less durable and came with a fragile carrying case.  This puzzle is well worth the price (and, is a great value for the price). It's a perffect birthday present for the toddler train enthusiast.We ordered both this puzzle, "Carnival at Night," and "Snowy Day."  They share the same features in terms of quality and durability, but I have a slight preference for the "Carnival at Night" - the colors seems brighter and the scene is just generally happier - though, this is purely an individual preference.
Just like my seven year old once did, my nearly four year old has a passionate, on-going love affair with all things Thomas and Friends. Train sets, many if not most of the Sodor engines, DVDs, books, puzzles, you name it, we have it. And my wife is so enchanted by how much they both enjoy Thomas, she's already made plans to save much of our Thomas paraphernalia for any future grandchildren. (Oh well, more stuff to store in the basement for the next 20 years.) My little guy has mastered all of his 24-piece puzzles, so I was happy to see this 35-piece puzzle.  So, here are my thoughts on the "Thomas & Friends Carnival at Night 35-Piece Puzzle in a Round Tin".Pros:- While not as big as the pieces in most 24-piece puzzles, the size of the pieces are 4-year old friendly, and can be thought of as transitional from toddler puzzles to kid puzzles..- The cardboard puzzle pieces are sturdy and should stand up well to inadvertent abuse from impatient little fingers- The puzzle comes in a round tin, reminiscent of a lunch box, which I personally found pretty neat, as it's easier to carry and more secure than a normal cardboard box.  My little boy also likes to use it to hold other things, such as his Thomas take-along-trains.- My son did find this a bit more challenging than 24 piece puzzles, but still easily doable.  He also likes the picture of the finished puzzle, which is bright and colorful.Cons:- None, really, although I wouldn't mind if the completed puzzle were a bit larger.Overall ... if you've got a boy or girl, say from ages 4 to 6, who can name more than 20 Sodor engines, you really should get them this fun puzzle. After all, you can never have too much Thomas, and this puzzle is a good value for the money.  :-) Five stars.
It's like Tetris for the family without the electronics. That means the last row doesn't drop off like Tetris, so it's manual, but sometimes we need a little break from all the electronics.The game takes less than an hour. It's good for oldish elementary school-aged kids and up.  A younger kid can 'play' solo without the pressure of a group/time and spend the time to puzzle the pieces in.Great way to exercise the brain and practice spatial reasoning.
We have three board gamers in the house beside myself, they are 11, 12, and 13.  This is all the awesomeness of Tetris on a game board.  You really can play 1 to 4 players.  I love that it encourages strategy and quick spatial thinking for the kids.  We can play a game in about a half an hour.Each player has a slanted board that they will use to place their pieces.  You draw cards to determine which dominoe like tetrisy piece you will place on your board.  The randomness is in the draw of the card.  It is like tetris in that you can arrange the piece before you slide it onto your board, however, unlike Tetris, once the piece is in place you cannot move the piece horizontally.  The game is scored based on your configuration and the amount of open spaces available.You can skip a piece if it is areal pain, but that might bite you in the end, for the scoring.  A round ends after the last card is flipped, there are four rounds per game.  There are expansion packs.  These come in the form of the cards you place on your game board.  I have seen some of the reviews of the expansions state that the expansion packs are not the same thickness quality as the original game.  I have yet to try these for myself.And even though we can play a quick game in 30 minutes, we usually end up playing one more game.  There is no time limit like in Tetris, and you can become really involved and sometimes even frustrated with your game board.It's fun, give her a try.
This is a fun little game. It does certainly have a resemblance to Tetris, in that it requires players to fit different-shaped pieces together on a rectangular board, starting at the bottom and moving toward the top. The similarities pretty much end there, though. Tetris only has a few distinct pieces that repeat throughout the game. FITS has many pieces, and no two are alike. Most of the challenge of Tetris is related to speed -- the pieces keep coming at you faster and faster. In FITS you have some time to consider each piece before placing it.Where I think this game really shines is the four different rounds. Each has its own strategy. In the first round, the players just attempt to fill as much of their board as possible. In the second and third rounds, bonus points and penalty points are given for leaving certain spaces uncovered. In the final round, five separate symbols appear twice each on the board. Players are rewarded for leaving both uncovered, and penalized for covering just one.Overall, I like this game for its relatively simple and unique mechanics, short playing time, and stimulating strategy. It's easy to learn, but I feel that mastering it could take some time.
This is a well designed Tetris-like board game that will entertain (and mentally exercise) up to 4 players (The game can be played solitaire as well).  It also turned out not to play overlong.  Three players took about an hour to play it and that straight out of the box and learning the rules for the first time.  Experienced players could no doubt play it more quickly.A particularly good feature is the differing game boards and rules for each of the 4 rounds, which will require a completely different strategy for each one.  Except for the draw for the initial piece placed in each round, there is no luck involved.I agree with other reviewers who have pointed out the apparent flimsiness of the thin plastic bases, but the sturdy box should protect them.Note: My game was missing some of the foam stick-on "feet" designed to prevent the bases from sliding around, but Ravensburger quickly mailed out free replacements after I contacted them.
This is a great alternative to traditional board games. I had doubts my six-year-old son would be able to pick up the rules, but with a bit of help, he really enjoyed it. It doesn't quite follow the same rules as Tetris, but it's very similar and has several different modes of varying difficulty. After everyone places their starter block, cards are drawn and everyone places blocks until all have been placed or passed on. Simple but also challenging with lots of replayability. The overall quality of the game is better than expected. The platforms are sort of flimsy, but the pieces are good and solid.Our whole family loved it, definitely a winner from Ravensburger.
This game is suggested for ages 8 and up, and I would concur with that.  My test kidlets were younger than that, so for them the rule that you couldn't slide pieces around once they were in place was one that they had a hard time sticking with.  The four year old was just happy to try to cover all the dots on the playing board by fitting as many of the pieces together that he could; he's at that age where he's really interested in putting puzzles together so although the game was beyond him, he still found a way to have fun with it.As an adult though, I thought this was a fun game.  As others have described, the game involves placing Tetris-shaped plastic pieces on a personal game board; points are earned by completing horizontal lines of tiles.  The trick is, though, that once you place your piece you can't slide it around, so if you've created a gap that you can't drop a piece into, then you're not going to earn a point for that line.  It's an easy game, yet it's a game of strategy.  Pieces are chosen by the turn of a card with the shaped image on it; the direction the image on the card means that each piece can be placed in one of four directions, multiplying the flexibility of the game.The game itself is well-made, as all Ravensburger games seem to be.  The plastic pieces are not lightweight nor easily breakable; they feel sturdy to play with.  The personal game boards are well designed, non-skid and allow for the storage of their colored pieces underneath the game card, minimizing the chance of losing them.  This is a great family game for game night or rainy days because it's easy to learn, easy to play, requires problem-solving skills, yet does not drag on and on if you've got short-attention-span players.  Kids age-8 and above can play this one on their own.I recommend it.
Being a Blokus fan I was a little hesitant about this game. But, boy am I glad I gave it a shot. The main difference is that you are building up from your own board instead of competing for space with others. Plus, there is a point system that turns up the tension level with each round. I found myself watching the scorecard and double checking my strategies.The only downside to this game was some confusion about some of the scoring rules. We definitely had a "this is what I hope they meant" period where all four of us had to agree which points "count". If the manufacturer contacts me I will help clarify this further.This game is safe for the whole family and is moving to the top of the list for our next game night. It's a great "FITS"!
Having played Tetris growing up, I thought perhaps this up to 4 player game would be a bit boring in real game format.  But I was wrong!  Hubby and I set it up with our 11 and 9 year olds and played away!  It's actually quite detailed and not as simplistic as Tetris... you only get points for having complete rows across filled, so it takes more thought.  On top of that, Ravensburger, who is known for their high quality and original games, couldn't keep it that simple. They had to add in extra spots that you either get dinged for points, or get an opportunity for extra points.  This REALLY makes each round and card a separate challenge.Needless to say, this has become a popular one in our house.  Even the 5 year old likes to dig in and try his hand at it. The colorful pieces, original idea and board games really make this one a hit for all.  Although you definitely have to keep it out of the toddler's hands since the pieces are so darn pretty! :DAnd for those of you who are not familiar with Ravensburger, they make very high quality items, both in puzzles and games.  FITS is no exception... they made quality, heavy "tetris pieces" instead of cheapo ones, the boards are nice and thick and I expect it to last many, many years of use in our house.  A definite 5 stars!
First of all, I love Ravensburger products. We own several games and puzzles from the company and every single one is very high quality and worth the price. If you're looking for puzzles that won't fray and fall apart and games that have pieces that hold up against children, I would definitely recommend their products.We played this particular game (much like Tetris) with an 9 and 10 year old and they easily understood the concept. I think we could have played it fairly easily with younger children without much difficulty with their understanding. It was a fun game, great for the whole family to play in about 30 minutes.I loved that it helped to teach the importance of strategizing, thinking ahead, and thinking deeper than just a current move. Definitely keeping this in the list for our family game nights.
This toy is really well built.  It survived a hard day of playing with several young children and looks like it will continue to do so long into the future.  (There is not much to break on this one -all edges are rounded and nothing juts out which could be snapped off).All the moving parts (except for the wheels) are on the inside, and there is nothing that will hurt or pinch a toddler's hand -except the wheels.  But, even if a child puts his or her finger between the friction wheel and the back wheel, the wheel has some sort of safety system which causes it to stop turning with very little pressure and start clicking.  This makes the toy pretty kid safe.  (The only thing I'd watch for is the little figurine that comes with the toy.  I'd hide that from a young one so it doesn't get swallowed.  You won't miss it).It is slightly heavy and would probably cause some crying if it were dropped on a foot without shoes, but nothing too serious at a low altitude (of two feet or less).I love that it doesn't require batteries.  And I love that the friction wheels not only turn the cement mixture, and make a loud noise, but they also turn on their own, and propel the truck forward.  (This is one of those toys that if you push hard will pull itself across the floor.)I mentioned the noise, but I will mention it again -it is pretty loud: a whirring, rattling, engine whining sound.  It'll probably drive you crazy, but is perfect for young children who like their actions to have an effect on the environment around them.  Recommended.
The Mix 'n' Fix Mike Construction Vehicle is friction-powered, as in 'no batteries needed'. A huge plus in my opinion. How many times have you purchased a birthday/christmas gift for a toddler only to realize it requires batteries and they're not included? I detest feeling like I need to run to the store so the child can play with the new toy right away. The rotating mixer with mixing sounds inspires the imagination and will hopefully pull the youngsters away from the television for realistic play time. I love these toys that feature real jobs. The toy is suitable for 1 and a 1/2 through 5 years old and also comes with Mike and a barricade to block traffic from the street where work is being done, which can be used as a subtle learning tool for a youngster on driving safety when you are in a construction zone, etc.
My 2 year-old grandson absolutely loved this construction vehicle! So often when you give a child a toy, he or she plays with it for a few minutes and then its novelty wears off and it is discarded as they quickly move their attention to another item. With this cement mixer, however, he just did not put it down!  He didn't use the friction to make the vehicle move by itself - he just pushed it around all over the place -- hardwood, carpet, stairs! He loved the little worker and the barrier that came with the toy, and played with the set for hours. He even took it to bed with him at naptime though it is definitely not the typical cuddle toy you'd think a child would choose.I thought by day 2 that he would lose interest and put the truck aside like he usually does with his toys, but no -- he was pushing it all over the place again the next morning and through the day. I really was surprised as there are not many items that engage his imagination and interest for so long! I am going to look at ALL the rest of the items in this WOW line and stock up for Christmas. He seems to be the perfect age and stage for them. The toys are plastic but extremely durable and well made. The truck was dropped and pushed down stairs and sat on and there were not breakages! Another feature that you should be aware of ahead of time is that this is NOISY! But he loved it and we adults just enjoyed the fact that he was so involved with it and happy.I recommend this item and this product line for your active toddler!