I've used a number of AHAVA products and I don't think they are worth the packaging they're sent in. There really is nothing exceptional about Dead Sea minerals or mud, and its not worth the cost to human lives by buying AHAVA products, since they use Palestinian resources that are illegally appropriated, according to international law, and as recognized by the United Nations.
They add ingredients so it's not 100% pure mud, and some people have had weird reactions to it... I used to recommend this product, not anymore.
this is one of those luxery items you pay alot for but didn't see any benefit. Its really useless and a waste of money
Wow! I just learned that there is an international boycott campaign against Ahava products because the company's factory is on occupied land. You can read more about the boycott here: [...]
Smells like cheap lime jello. Very artificial, even if it is made with some real extracts. Calling it &#34;Italian&#34; doesn't help. Easily the worst Baxter scent, in gel or bar form.
I was not all that impressed with this shampoo for the price I paid for it. I like Crew better for the quality and price.
Doesn't last on my nails 24 hours without chipping and peeling.  Really disappointing for how much money it cost  Won't buy this product line again
I can not quite put my finger on why but I hated this product.  It gives minimal coverage.  The color was not right for my skin tone so I took it back to Sephora and exchanged for the next lighter color. That color did not suit me either.  I don't think it gave me the glowing, dewy look that I hoped for in a foundation.  I recently got a makeover from Laura Mercier and I love their foundation as well as concealer.  If you really want to add a glowing look to your skin I would recommend adding Artificial Light by Smashbox Cosmetics to any foundation that you purchase.
Horrible product. Not at all what I imagined. Expensive and very cheap...like something you may find at a 99 cent store!
It's travel size, not original size. You should be telling the truth to customers. You made ''me lose a lot of time.
I usually don't review products. However, I am forced to post this review on the Vincent Longo Jumbo Foundation Brush as it really failed to impress me considering the cost. It is already broken and I never enjoyed using it prior to that. It didn't spread well and it was difficult applying my foundation. Infact I am happy that it is broken so that I can justify the purchase of another one. Bad bad brush.
Broke me out. Illuminated all of my imperfections. The color was dull and ashy. Costs too much. Anything good about it faded, and everything bad about it stayed forever!
I was so excited to get this so as soon as it came I popped it open. The packaging was covered in sticky glue. (And still is because I can't seem to figure out where is coming from) It totally dried out after only two weeks. Turned clumpy and hard and won't go on smoothly.
I thought this was an actual jet black liner. Instead it has glitters in it. Lots of glitters. I'm never gonna use this liner :(
MY pot arrived all dried up. Some contents had even spilled down the outside of the pot and dried. It looks like it has been in this state for some time. I'm unable to use it unfortunately.  As I live so far away its not worth sending back. Very disappointed :(
I was so dissapointed with this smudge pot! It was about five days after I bought the product that the whole pot dried out. At first it went on really smooth but after it dried out it turned into a chalky mess that flaked off so easily! I tried to take out the dry eyeliner on top and get to a more smooth liner on the bottom but the whole thing was just a big mess. Even when it went on smooth after I first purchased it, I had to put matte black eyeshadow over the liner to make the shade darker. Don't waste your money. Try MAC Fluid Line or Clinique Brush On Liner instead.
Horrible, dry, and smudges. Such a waste, its hard to get it on a brush and even harder to get it off the brush and onto my eyelid. Then it's annoying to look in the mirror and see that it has rubbed off and onto my brow bone (not attractive, btw).
This smudge pot came extremely dry and pretty much unusable.  I usually don't write reviews - actually, this is my first Amazon review, but this product is so bad, it's worth spending part of my day writing a review on it.  I decided to splurge on some make up, and I was excited to receive it, but it turned out to be way worse than any drug store make up I've ever used.  I would never purchase this product/brand again.  I'd return it if it weren't such a pain in the butt to so. Instead, I just threw it away. I'd give it zero starts, but that was not an option.
I was so excited about purchasing this product.  Looked to be exactly what I wanted. Then I tried it. The color gray was too dark, almost black.  Very difficult to apply.  I will say, it lasts all day and doesn't rub off. But It took me a long time to get it even close to how I wanted it to look.  I would not recommend this product to a friend.
I purchased this brush on another website (CRC), not from Amazon. From the very first time I used it there were bristles everywhere, all over my face. I couldn't believe it. Seriously, I paid 45.00 for a brush of horrible quality!!!  My 4.00 kabuki brush from China is better quality.  Now this brush sits and collects dust. Don't waste your money, buy the cheaper brushes from China, they are incredible!
I purchased this product on September 1, 2011. While the blush looks nice it was, unfortunately, totally shattered when I opened the package. I sent two emails to the distributor, Beauty.com, seeking to return the product but received no response. My next step is to work through either Amazon or my credit card company to get a refund, steps I should not have to take. I will never order from this distributor again.
This lipstick is horribly dry & the colors depicted in the picture no way resemble the real-life product.  I purchased the "Valerie" & "Peggy" colors (from one of Amazon's sister sites) thinking they were in the beige-pink color range - the "Valerie" is actually orangey-coral & the "Peggy" is brick red.  I can't speak about the quality of other Jouer lipsticks but the "Hydrating" line is definitely a "DON'T BUY" & not worth $22/tube!
This review  is nothing against Deborah Lippmann, which is a great polish brand, however when the product arrived, the color is not at all what was shown in the picture. In the picture displayed when I purchased it, it was a sparkly pale pink, and what I received is completely gold. I'm sure it's a nice product, but amazon needs to do better with putting the proper pictures on the items. Very disappointing.
Almost every fragrance I like has Bergamot in it.  But I didn't care for this at all.  Actually an offensive odor.  Gave it away to my housekeeper.
I received the men science daily face wash and I have to say my skin is now even worse than it was before the face wash. I would avoid this product and go for something like Neutragena it works much better and is cheaper.
The item was not in its original packaging, it was only in a plastic wrap.  I felt like it's a returned item that is being reshipped to other customers.
Face so dry after use, more whiteheads developed, espicially on the nose. Nose so shiny, not what i was expecting, but i'm willing to try other menscience products.
These use the worst delivery service called ONTRAC.  It was out for delivery for 2 days even though my wife was at home to receives the package.  They left zero notes on the door and after several phone calls the said the manger of ONTRAC will deliver the package.  I tracked it online it said delivered and no package, I called again and the said the driver would call me but no call.  So I have to waste my time waiting around for these idiots, I guess the whole organization is full of morons because they management can't even get it right.  Why can't they use a company that knows how to ship like UPS or something.  Do your self a favor and go to the store and buy this product don't was your time with the crap delivery service called ONTRAC.
Even though the seller is the manufacturer, it would not stand behind the freshness of the product shipped by providing the product manufacturing date.This very expensive product loses efficacy when old.And if manufacturer hides the product freshness, what else are they hiding from me? A bad ingredient? This stuff goes on my skin, I simply can't trust them.
I have been using this face scrub for years now and it was great.  Now it's total garbage.  The new formula is like using lotion on your face.  The scrubbers aren't nearly as good as they were before.  I emailed MenScience and they said that the scrubbers were the same.  Yeah right.  Don't waste your time with this garbage.  They even blocked my review from their website.
I think I must have gotten the new formula, as it didn't do anything beneficial to my skin. I bought it because of the great reviews, but after reading the most recent reviews, the description of the new formula matches what I have in the bottle.
As mentioned in some recent reviews, this face scrub is no longer what it used to be. The new formula they are using is terrible and no longer does the excellent job it used to. The beads are too small/fine. I have used this scrub for years because it was the absolute best. I will no longer be purchasing it nor can I recommend it.
I've been using this face scrub for years now. It was, by far, the best I've ever used and well worth the $30 or so a bottle I spent on it. I'm a guy with pretty rough, but clear skin. I don't know how well it works on acne, but for removing oil, dead skin cells, or any other build up, it was great. It had the consistency of a glue and the micro-scrubbing beads were like grains of sand. I used it while showering so it always rinsed off clean. Rubbing it into your skin for too long would leave your skin slightly reddish and feeling like you had a light sunburn. It felt like having a really clean shave, except all over your face and not just on your chin. It was really a product made for men and the average guy probably wouldn't want to use it every day because of how strong it was.The last bottle/tube that I bought really surprised me. It seems that Men's Science changed the formula sometime in the last few months. I thought it might have just been a bad mix, so I checked the other recent reviews on Amazon and found that someone else had noticed the same thing. The new formula has the consistency of a lotion and the microbeads are much smaller and weaker. It doesn't "scrub" anymore. To put it simply, I can't tell the difference between this new formula and any other $6 face scrub I've bought at the supermarket.Check the color of yours if you buy it. The old formula was an off-white color with a very slight yellowish tint. The new one is an off-white with a very slight grayish-blue tint. If it was just a bad batch that Men's Science sent out, I'd say this product is great and you should try it. For $30 a bottle, I'd expect better quality control though. Before buying it, check recent reviews to see if other people have noticed the change. Hopefully, it will go back to the way it was. Until then, I can't recommend this product over any other face scrub at one-fifth the price.
I was very excited about trying this product after reading many reviews. When I first put it on, it was light and not greasy. Approx 2 hours after putting it on I began to have a burning sensation on my face and turned red. My guess is my face does not agree with the Alpha and Beta Hydroxy's in the product. So I am less than satisfied with this expensive purchase that will go to waste in my drawer. Maybe I will give it to one of the ladies at work.So my final thoughts are that this product could have a place with many people but not with me. Make sure you check to see if this product will be compatible with your skin before you buy, especially since it is so expensive.
I'm not sure if I'm allergic to this stuff or what. I wash my face with Cetaphil before I go to bed and apply a small amount on my face, it tends to leave a slight burning sensation and when I wake up, my face itches all day and it feels like I have a rash. I had high expectations but now I'm just suffering.Ive never had this happen before with any other type of lotion but I can say with confidence that this stuff does not work for me.
My boyfriend applied this lotion, and then his face turned to be red and was hurt... Never use it again.
I just returned this product to Amazon after realizing it contained the chemical triclosan for use as an antibacterial additive. I know, I know triclosan is FDA approved but that hardly should give anyone complete comfort (remember this is the same FDA who just last week finally came around to the conclusion trans fats are actually harmful--wow, shockingly late to that party). Yes, I also know triclosan is listed on the ingredient disclosure online, I just somehow missed it. Please do your own homework into why triclosan is a noxious and toxic chemical you absolutely do not want on your body, in your body or in our waterways.
This is a very expensive product that is not worth the exorbitant price.  I tried it based on the glowing reviews seen below, but it cleaned no better than other, less expensive options.  Only then did I realize that the reviews contained here may be scams.  The histories of the Florida reviewers below show that they gave five stars to the whole Menscience product line, and little else.  This is very suspicious to say the least.  In my experience, this product did not lather well, did not have a pleasant scent, and only cleaned o.k.  It left no residue, but one would expect that from this clear, liquidy soap.  I would not buy it again.
I used this for about a month.  During this time, my face gradually broke out worse than when I was 15 years old and working at a fast food restaurant.  I didn't think it could be this product because it has acne medication (salicylic acid).  But, I quit using it, and sure enough it gradually became better and two weeks later, not a zit in sight.
The last time I bought this it was half the price it is now. I thought it was twice the size and it wasn't.
Ive been trying to find an after shave that works for me and this doesn't. It does sooth razor burn but it doesn't remove razor bumps or the redness.Id recommend to try others that are cheaper before you try this.
First of all you have to be a window licker on the short bus to buy this product or just filthy rich. I tried this at a friend's house and then compared the ingredients to Neutrogena's post shave balm and many of the ingredients were the same. Don't waste your money on this overpriced product when there are cheaper products available that do just as good a job. Neutragena post shave lotion feels just as good if not better and you can find it for under 10 bucks!!
Returning second bottle...they've changed the formula and the smell is terrible now..moldy odor..so sad..this stuff was great. If you don't mind the stale rosemary smell on your neck it works well for sensitive skin
Used the product for well over a month and it does not do as advertised.  I don't see his spots lightening up even a little bit.  Very expensive product; seen no results.  Would not recommend this product to anyone.
Does not eliminate dark spots as advertised. Was a waste of money--a lot of money considering the small amountof product in a small jar.
I have been using this product every night since April and it does not make the age spots or freckles disappear so it is not a repair formula. If anything, it just seems to keep them from getting darker.  I do agree that it is expensive and will not reorder when finished with jar.
I gave this product a try. It had good reviews and i liked the fact that it has no hydroquinone. Well, used it for a good while now and it is pretty much like me spitting on my hand and rubbing it on my face. Had NO affect at all. I regret purchasing it. Highly disappointing.
This product is a waste of money, it doesn't work. The other reviewers who claim it works are probably "plants" from the company. If you like flushing your hard earned money down the toilet, then by all means purchase it.
I've purchased this at a local beauty store a few times but the one I bought from this reseller was very different. It smelled weird and was grainie in texture. I will not buy cosmetics from amazon anymore.
I've been on a search for an acceptable mans hand lotion for several months. My hands dry out to the point of getting splits in my fingers that are very painful. When my favorite brand of lotion changed formulas I began the search.What I was looking for:* Fast absorption* Fragrance free or negligible fragrance* If fragrance, should not smell like a woman* Should not leave me feeling like I'm dipped in grease or wax.* If multiple applications daily are needed, there should not be residue buildup.* Product should not cost more than $3.00 per ounce.The Jack Black Industrial Strength Hand Healer fails all these requirements after a very fair exclusive usage test of two weeks in the early part of winter here in Montana.* This product is very thick and paste like. It does NOT absorb quickly. Use too little and you won't be able to spread it around on your hands. Use too much and you will be left feeling greasy AND waxy - in fact, the lotion will actually flake off and leave whitish residue on clothing and other surfaces.* The back label of this product specifically says "...with no parabens, fragrance or colorants." However, the Euclyptus in the lotion is EXTREAMELY noticeable. In fact, the label also states in part, "Caution: Avoid eye area." Could that be because Euclyptus in your eyes will burn like a jalapeno?Euclyptus may not be a feminine smell, but it's also not very subtle.I'm afraid the only thing positive I have to say about this product is a compliment to the marketing team. They did a fantastic job of dressing up a bad product into packaging with colors, design, and words that will appeal to men.I say, MEN - STAY AWAY from this product. It is not a "hand healer" nor does it live up to the other claims on the packaging. Oh, and the price is insane.I have moved on to test Gold Bond Ultimate Hydrating Cream, Men's Essentials Everyday.B00AHH00R4It's 1/3 the price for over twice the volume, and so far I really like it!
This item arrived on time.  The container is in a tube form and not as shown on the picture.  It also odd not come Ina box.  Extremely disappointed by the packaging of this item.
Pores No more? Try Pores Galore! This did absolutely nothing to clear my skin, it only caused more problems! And you know what? Dr. Brandt is not even  a doctor, it is a marketing scheme to make him sound distinguished. Research it! Do not buy.
Very disappointed. Is no quality in this product. Your hair will feel like scrubber pad!!! Is provably for short very short hair. The smell is like detergent. Is juts very low quality :(
I used the whole bottle... lasted a good 2 months... but I didn't notice any change in my under eyes... I even took a before and after picture.. still looked the same.. I wouldn't buy this product again or recommend it to anyone
Didn't really work for my nails.  I didn't notice any difference after using it for a month.  It may work for others.
I am a Lippmann fan, but this product is terrible. The top coat will not harden after 6-8 hours, leaving sheet marks on my manicure overnight. A very expensive purchase that I warn others to avoid. I will stick with the Ultra Quick-Dry topcoat next time.
Auhhhh... 5 different types of paraben...I never seen product which have lots of paraben in like this..Definitely I'm not gonna repurchase again
Having previously purchased Baxter products I had thought this would be as good as the others, I was very wrong with this. The smell is literally the worst smelling face wash I've ever used. To top that off it still didn't leave me with that fresh clean face of others. Going back to clean and clear for face wash.
This stuff smells like a public restroom.  It is horrible, do not get it. I thought maybe I was wrong after I first used it but after using it a couple of times now I just can't get over how it smells.
I purchased this mainly to see if a $15 body soap had any difference than the $4 body washes I've been using.  Between you and I...there's not.  The smell isn't all that great and my skin doesn't feel any different.  Keep the extra $10 and put it towards a six pack of good beer.
A nice fresh smell not at all in the too much fruit realm. I feel clean and refreshed without a sense of having removed the protective layer of body oils which is really important to me as I'm prone to very dry skin.I'm not happy about the label. It has a nice clean design but the ingredients are all but impossible to read. Which leads right to the parabens. I'm not going into the arguments (there are lots of sites to check it out) but as a cancer survivor I've tried to avoid using products that contain this class of substances. If it wasn't for the parabens I'd give the product 4 stars.
Let me preface by saying that I am a big fan of the Baxter of California line.  I swear by their aftershave.  In regards to this product though, I've been using it daily for about 20 days now & I have seen zero improvement. The bagginess under my eyes remain, and it does nothing to ease the dark tone.  I must say I am quite disappointed.  I purchased this product because of the lower price point in terms of quality eye cream, but my next purchase I am going to shell out a few more dollars for a product that actually works.
i had no idea this was for a man until after i was using it! nowhere did i ever see it was moisturizer for a man. i looked and looked at moisturizers trying to pick one out. the one i usually use was "out of stock" so i picked this one and my face broke out so bad. then i found it has dimethicone in it which has been known to cause cancer and mutations in lab rats. i was just so excited to get my stuff in the mail and i was totally dissatisfied to the max with the product and with amazon. comin addition to that , most moisturizers on the market have some nasty ingrediants in them i have found out. i am sure it's not as bad as it sounds when you read about it but still ladies be careful about what you pick out to put on your face especially if you are using things long-term.
My impression this was a natural skin care product.  It was not clear at the time it is designed for men.  This product contains parabens which are potentially cancer causing.  I would not use it for this reason and threw it away.
I did not like Baxter of California Oil Free Moisturizer at all. I did not care for the smell. It contains many synthetic chemicals. I threw it out after using twice.
I used to use this back in the 90's, but then the Borghese counters started disappearing from the department stores.  I was so happy to see this online, but I'm sad to say that this mascara does not live up to it's former memory.  It barely seems as if I put in on even though I know there's product on the wand. It provides minimal lengthening and thickening.  I had to repeat three times to get the look of I was trying to achieve.  Whereas previously one coat did the trick.  I will stick to my $9 drug store brand. Save your money if you're thinking it is going to be  like the Borghese of old.
I ordered this as a gift for my mother who uses the product on a regular basis and thought it would be the same.  I was embarrased when she opened it and could barely squeeze anything out because it was so dry.  Waste of money, and embarrasing!  Lesson learned to always buy cosmetics from a department store!
I have sensitive skin and this product burned my skin, leaving burn marks for weeks! Finally, I went to the dermatologist who had to prescribe something to help the skin heal. Please, check with your doctor FIRST before trying this!
I received a different version of this product and it is highly irritating??????It is a purple and white tube of a different shape although it is labeled as "Strivectin Eye Cream".  After applying it my eyes became very red and watery and skin itched for about 2 days.  The old form ( I presume ) was great ...why was it changed?
I  purchased this product and noticed that the date on the back of it says &#34;2007&#34; so I was concerned that it was old.  I emailed the company who assured me that it was fine and the date was simply the date the product was introduced. I didn't start using the product for a couple months after I got it so it was past the return policy time when I discovered it had expired.  When I attempted to use it, it smelled funny and was all liquidy.  I contacted Strivectin personally and they told me and I quote &#34;This Eye Cream contains a batch code that  dates before our current batch code system. This means that it was produced prior to 2010. Unfortunately we are not able to pinpoint a specific date for this product. This product has a 2 year shelf-life. I hope that this information will be helpful.&#34;  They told me that this product is no longer made that's why you won't find it on their website and if it came out prior to 2012 that means that InBeauty sent me a product OVER 2 YEARS OLD!!! UNACCEPTABLE!!! This company should not be allowed to sell anything!!! BEWARE and DO NOT BUY FROM INBEAUTY!!!!!!
I am really disappointed this product is shown as a legitimate and beaned product.  Yet when recipe ex it was a generic product.
I agree with J. Arango.  Burned my eyelids which peeled in flakes like a burn victim.  1 month later, still sore, itchy, red and puffy.  Never allergic before or have I had sensitive skin.  Don't buy.
Not good
I have used this product every night for 8-10 weeks with no visible results. I use it around my eyes and if I read before bed it makes my eyes water.
This is very shimmery.  Almost like glitter.  There's no way I can wear this without looking like an idiot.  I was very disappointed.  If you're looking for something glittery and showy, then this is for you.  It is not subtle at all.
I LOVE Juice Beauty products but the Exfoliating Cleanser that I ordered online via Amazon does not look or smell like the product I ordered off of the Juice Beauty website, or purchased in-store at Ulta.This product has a very odd smell and the color is more orange than the typical white/off-white product that I have previously purchased.Overall, I am pretty disappointed. I will absolutely order my products off of other sites in the future...I am not convinced that what I received was the original Exfoliating Cleanser made by Juice Beauty.
The smell is quite unpleasant; for the price, you don't get very much of it; and it scarcely removes any trace of makeup--and I use a light application of mineral makeup, not anything heavy. I have to wash my face again with something else to remove the remainder. I won't repurchase.
I truly love Borghese Hydo Minerali cream finish makeup and was disappointed to recieve a box saying Biscotto #3 makeup only to find inside the box carmelleto. I had already thrown away all my packaging since I thought {because of what the box had titled} that I had the right shade of makeup, BUT I had carmelletto, they put the wrong shade in the box. VVery disappointing.
This Borghese Make up I purchased seems to be extremely old. The texture is not what it should be and it has an odor. I've been using this product for a number of years and it never looked like this.
AGAIN, I ordered this makeup, and AGAIN it smelled moldy & the consistency was wrong.  I have been using this makeup for over 20 years, and I am so disappointed.  Now, I can't trust buying it online anymore.  Maybe Borghese should be notified of this.  Maybe they are stocking and selling old makeup.  This is the second company sending me old makeup, cant be the company's fault.  What would you suggest?
Shiney, oily, tried using it several different ways.  Nothing worked. Just left a mask of shine on my face,  made my skin oily, sooo, makeup became blotchy.  BIG FAIL.
The Borghese Brow Emphasizer - Milano - pictured on Amazon has a very special applicator which is like a miniature toothbrush, with bristles on one side only. I know that this applicator gives a very natural look, because I used to use this product.  I had been trying to  obtain this product, with this excellent applicator,  for years, and thought that I had finally succeeded.  What arrived was a product with a very ordinary applicator, the same as you would find on any drugstore mascara product, with bristles all around the business end of the applicator. They are too thick and clustered to use on eyebrows.The marketing photo  very clearly pictures what I thought I had purchased. There is no mistaking that the applicator pictured is the "miniature toothbrush" Borghese used to provide with its eyebrow mascara.
The lipstick is EXPIRED.  It smells bad and is like a thick wax.  It is also difficult to remove.  I would not suggest purchasing from this company.
I love this particular color from Vincent Longo, but it can be tricky to find.  I thought it was just a question of finding someplace that still carried his products, but it may be that he's discontinued it, because this lipstick was seriously old and rancid tasting/smelling as soon as I opened it.  Definitely would not recommend buying, and would be exercise caution buying from this vendor in the future
No lovely scent of vanilla just a horrible odor and rancid gritty lipstick. Returned four of them. Scared to waste time to order again. Was my fave years ago i was happy to find it again. What i didnt know was that it was the same old stock apparently.
This has always been my favorite mascara but I usually purchase at Macy's.  I thought I'd give it a shot online since I was ordering from Amazon anyway.  The product is so dry and barely any attaches to the brush.  I will be returning it.
I needed to replace an aging H2O face brush,  this one photographed well, and looked like a quality product.  the handle is slippery and difficult to hold onto,  The bristles are too soft to exfoliate any skin,  I think they spent more money on the packaging than on the actual product.
About ten years ago I purchased a facial brush at the Body Shop.  I think I paid about three bucks for it.  It was time to replace it so I ordered this.  When it came I was surprised at how familiar it looked.  I brought it into the bathroom and did a comparison with the one I was replacing...  One is clear and one is black; that it!  The bristles are the same.  This is the same exact product the Body Shop sells for A LOT less.  DON'T BE FOOLED...  There is absolutely nothing different (excluding color) between this "masculine" product and its much cheaper "feminine" sister sold by the Body Shop.  Frankly; the clear one disappeared in the shower whereas this one will not.  Nothing justifies the high cost of this product.Here is one for less than a buck:  http://www.amazon.com/FPO-Facial-Brush-Clear-Handle/dp/B000NCZ1HM/ref=sr_1_4?ie=UTF8&qid;=1401757360&sr;=8-4&keywords;=facial+brush
This thing was great.  I used in the shower once every few days.  This morning after having it for about a month it snapped in half.  Very light pressure is used for this brush so I consider it a poorly designed or defective product.  It was fairly expensive too.  Choose wisely...not this brush.  Goodluck looking for any satisfaction either.
I tried this product after much research. The product itself has all of the right ingredients in it. I mean from a technical standpoint, you really can't do much better than this. However, this product has caused me to break out on  3 separate occasions (not consecutive days).I have never had a problem with breakouts...ever. In my 29 years, my skin has always been clear with maybe one occasional pimple every month or so. Well, I can tell you that from my experience, every time I used this product, without fail it would cause a breakout within 8 hours.So I decided to try it 2 more times just to be sure. And, sure enough...the same results. I will not be purchasing anything from menscience again. Oh, and I talked to my dermatologist and he said, "you can find products at your local drugstore that will work better and be a fraction of the price. remember that all of these "beauty" products are all about marketing and packaging. expensive DOES NOT mean better." Oh, the one good thing about menscience is they will refund your money if you are unhappy. Good customer service, bad product.Wish I had a better report for you. But hey, give it a shot and you be the judge.
I started using this products after looking up the internet for a good set of men's face products. I used it for a month initially without much problems apart from the occasional stinging sensation after applying the lotion. It contains alpha hydroxy acids which make make skin sensitive to sun exposure.Then recently i developed severe dermatitis/ eczema on my face. I have always had a good and clear complexion but now its all red and angry looking and my face is rough like sandpaper. I attribute this to the skin products as i have never had problems with my skin before.
really really small and i couldn't get them on.I never had that problem with other brands I bought before
Most men will not find that these gloves fit them; they are simply too small for a man; better for a small woman or a girl or boy.
This bag was $22 and looks like I could get it for $12. It is small and too flexible. I equated $22 with the bag being able to stand flat on it's own, hold decent size products and be sized for an adult male to use for a trip. But it is not. I bought if for my teen but don't even think it's good enough for him to use.
I thought I am very immune to acne and stuff. This lotion proved me wrong. I have tried many different creams and lotions, and never had acnes accept once before. This moisturizer caused acne after couple of days of use. Returned promptly.
First off, I have never written a review about products I have bought on amazon. I decided this product line was so horrible that I needed to warn others to use at their own discretion. I was using some girly products before this and decided to get some face products for men. It ended up real bad. My skin has been blotchy, red, and for the first time in 4 years I have been having problems with acne. With all the other products I have used I have never had this problem. Oh, and I have been using the exfoliant, daily cleanser and moisturizer (by jack black) as the instructions instructed.
I don't mind paying more for a better product and my problem is not with the price but with the smell because this is advertised as &#34;non-scented.&#34;all I can say is I am glad I bought the really small tube because this stuff, at least to me (and maybe I have a sensitive nose), but to me it smells like I put athlete's foot powder or Gold Bond or something under my nose.  It is a horrible smell.  I guess maybe it is a good moisturizer but the smell under my nose cancels out any benefit I am getting as a moisturizer.  It smells worse than the generic brand sun screen my wife uses.At least it is to me.  To me, this is a one star product.  I just cannot get past the odor under my nose.
Why do they say it has no parabens when methylparabens are listed in the ingredients!  That seems like false advertising to me!
I wanted to like this product, however, it made me break out.  Unfortunately, I will go back to separate moisturizer and sun screen
Soothes skin after shave but, lacks in the moisturizing department. After about an hour or so I felt like I had just washed my face and let it air dry, granted its pretty cold right now but, when else do you need a moisturizer that is so called "double duty". It also has a very distinct scent not bad just odd, you'd think they could fix that for the price.
Does not do the job. I bought it as a moisturizer, something to put on after shaving that way it would serve as a moisturizer after I shaved, while serving as a sun blocker. It does not work, I have to apply it several times to moisturize. I dont know what it has but moisturizers are not a very strong ingredient. Personally, I would not recommend it.
The Jack Black Double Duty Face Moisturizer may work as advertised but I thought the it smelled like cat litter.
I was excited since it has good reveiws and is advertised as paraben free. Unfortunately, it has methlyparaben. I know I should have read the ingredients but one would also expect the advertising to be truthful. Really disappointing.
This product is basically a sunscreen and nothing more.  It is labeled a moisturizer but doesn't moisturize the face at all.  a $5 bottle of Neutrogena for Men will work 200% better and not leave an oily sheen on your face.  Just another high $$ product on the market that does nothing!  SAVE YOUR MONEY AND STAY AWAY FROM THIS PRODUCT!
I have relatively dry skin.  Especially after a hot shower and a facial scrub.  Without lotion, my face gets a bit "ashy".  I had been using Nivea for Men's Revitalizing Q10 lotion, but decided to give Jack Black a try since it's SPF 20 and it says it's "Double Duty".  Sounded impressive.  Unfortunately, it fell way short of my expectations.  I will slather about 8-10 pumps of this stuff all over my face in an effort to get more moisturizing, and yet, in less than two hours, my face will be dry and ashy again.  As if I hadn't put anything on at all.  I'm sure some of you will appreciate that this lotion isn't "greasy", but you might as well not put anything on your face at all than spend this much money on a facial lotion that is gone in less than two hours.  Returning this and going back to my much more affordable Nivea for Men Q10 lotion.
I use several Jack Black products regularly and LOVE all of them, so I was excited to replace my Kiehl's moisturizer + SPF with a Jack Black one. Initial use was great... And then the breakouts began. I haven't had acne in 10 years but within 3 days of using this product red bumps started appearing. They itched and looked almost like ingrown hairs. I stopped using the product and they slowly went away. A few weeks later I thought I would give it a second try. I did spend $27 on the little bottle after all... Breakouts returned within 2 days. I'm surprised and disappointed that I can't use this product.
AWFUL PRODUCT! It has its pros in that it does not feel greasy, smells good, and feels nice. I've used this product before but had bought it at Neiman Marcus. This must have been sitting in the Amazon warehouse for a long time and gone bad. It gave me a horrible skin rash and has completely wrinkled and dried up my face. I had to get prescrption medication from my dermatologist and will have to wait 2-3 weeks for it to heal. This may make your skin dry and look scaly (like a snake) due to the excessive wrinkles it will create.
Unfortunately, this is one of those products that tried to combine moisturizer and a sunscreen but couldnt get it right. If you want to put on something very casual, maybe this is for you. I didnt find this to be an effective sunblock or a moisturizer, for that matter.To make things worse, it causes acne breakouts on my face. I missed the return window by a couple of days, so I am stuck with a expensive bottle of acne causing cream.My recommendation is to get an SPF of atleast of 50 if you are serious about sun. The ozone layer depletion is not just a story, you know.
This moisturizer is not worth the price. I came from L'Oreal Mens moisturizer at half the cost expecting something amazing. Unfortunately it made my face feel dryer than wearing nothing at all. Big disappointment
don't like this topaz color.  too light, just doesn't look good w/my blue eyes and blonde hair.  not worth $18
I always, always go by the Stila displays and admire their products. Their packaging, their colors, they attract me! I like their waterproof liquid eyeliners, for example.This pencil seemed so creamy when I swatched it, I could just imagine how smoothly it was going to go onto my lid, and how it surely must look amazing! I didn't notice when that swatch on my hand looked all smeary before I left the store....it was too late anyway, I had the pencil in my bag.Love the packaging, but just...d*mn. YO ADRIAN! LOOK AT MY BLACK EYES! This pencil was incredible, it made the smoothest line, so rich and deep and perfect! And then apparently I breathed, and it made the product go crazy running and sticking. I put this on before work, and I made the mistake of putting it under my eyes, and it wasn't long before I noticed some customers glancing upwards at my eyes in a funny way. As soon as I could get to a mirror, I was horrified to see just how badly this stuff spreads. I looked like Courtney Love on the Comedy Central Pamela Anderson roast! It didn't look any better as I took a kleenex and tried to do damage-control, it may run but it leaves behind a stain. OMG.The top lash line didn't really look any better by the end of the day, it looked greasy and melty like an ice cream cone left on the dash of a car. Just NOT a good product for me. Even with primer, there was NO stopping the meltdown this product had.Not a repurchase and I would not recommend it. I returned it to the store as soon as I could and the clerk said they have a lot of returns on this product.
This eyeliner looks AMAZING...for about 2 minutes. It goes on super smooth and super black, but watch out! If your eye itches - DON'T touch it. If your eyes get dry and you want to blink - DON'T do it. The moral of this review is just don't wear this eyeliner at all. I'm going back to my Mary Kay eyeliner. It doesn't have the same depth as this eyeliner, but it stays on and you won't walk around with black smudges all around your eyes until you look in the mirror. Plus, it's about half the cost and you don't need to buy a pencil sharpener for it.
I didn't like this concealer at all. It felt heavy on my skin and soon after applying it, it became cakey. My skin type is a mildly oily T-zone that's acne prone.
I placed an order for 4 x 'Stila Perfecting Concealer, Shade F, 0.27 Ounce'. As I am based in the UK I requested for the goods to be delievered to a friend in the US and he shiipped to me. Unfortunately when I opened the package it didnt contain concealers but foundation stisks!!! The correct colour and brand but the wrong product!!!Unfortunately becuase of the fact that im in the UK and the complexity of having the items delivered in the first place I am now stuck with items that I didnt order or require. Very disappointed!
While the hand and face lotion have a masculine old time barbershop scent, the body lotion smells feminine and sweet which was unexpected and disappointing.
this item was returned as the lotion was runny, did not absorb into the skin and felt oily - It did however have the minty feel I was looking for.  Perfect the lotion and this would be the best product available.
The gel is thick and not very refreshing, but after-shave gels are hard to come by, and so I guess this one will have to do.
I have no idea what possessed these people to concoct this product. I feels sticky and icky and when it dries it feels like a film of dry glue on my face. Possibly the worst post shave cream I've ever used.
Smells wonderful. However it irritated my hands , arms, chest, neck . Everywhere I put this thing on gave me pimples . Do not waste your money.
I purchased this product 6 months ago and used it consistently.The product does not help with dark circles under eyes at all. I am not sure if it does anything good either as it does not reduce puffiness or hydrates sufficiently.My boyfriend tried the cream as well and found no help for his dark circles either so he came back to using Origins with GinZing.I was very disappointed in quality of this product. I understand that dark circles are tough to fight but cream should at least hydrate and bring some other relief to your eye area.I would not recommend this product to anyone.
I bought this in the hopes that it would help with undereye puffiness.Not only did it not affect the puffiness, if it got into my eyes during the day, it was extremely irritating.  I don't usually have a problem with carefully applied eye products ending up in my eyes, but this one sure does.I also didn't notice any difference in how fine lines looked although there's supposed to be some superficial optical enhancement.
This made my eyes water minutes after applying!  It also has a consistency similar to dried, burnt marshmallow, if that were even possible!  Pills under concealer and rides into the creases of your eyelids when worm alone.  I may have received old stock, as it did seem there was some &#34;shrinkage&#34; of the product from the sides of the jar.  Buy Shiseido Benefiance WrinkleResist24 Intensive Eye Contour Cream instead!  Rich, emollient, and great for sensitive eyes!
I was looking forward to this purchase because I have been a loyal Borghese user for over twenty years.  The compact was attractive but it took a sharp knife to pry open the compact.  I needed the knife every time.  Yikes.  Needless to say, it won't be traveling in my purse.
I'm so sick of companies charging an arm and leg for products that irritate your face and put several crap ingredients in them.
It irritated my skin and caused huge flare ups. If you have even slightly sensitive skin (my skin isn't that sensitive) don't buy it.
As someone with acne, I've used many products with salicylic acid over the years. Most are fine. This, however, is a thick paste that emits noxious fumes. I would not recommend putting this on your face, except perhaps in tiny quantities as a spot treatment.
Cannot spread it - it was impossible to use, and after all the efforts putting it on, it dried up and start crambling before you would even see any effect such as &#34;lineless&#34;.
NO NO NO! This product is terrible and has parabens in it:Methylparaben, Ethylparaben, Propylparaben, Isobutylparaben, Butylparabeni think it has every paraben there is in that little over-priced bottle. check out all the other toxic preservatives in it as well.Methyl Glucose Sesquistearate, Hydroxyethylcellulose, Xanthan Gum, Bis-Diglyceryl Polyacryladipate-2, BHT, Phenoxyethanol, Tetrasodium EDTA.STAY AWAY. Made my skin look terrible and rad
I only have a sample of this but would suggest someone obtain a sample before spending money on any perfume. This is one of the worst smelling creations, like bad chocolate and a clay i use to play with as a child. Awful, cloying, over-powering, simply horrible. i'm throwing this sample out.
The parfum arrived very fast,so far so good.I chose this product only based on so numerous good reviews found here,so I kinda expected something negative..First I sprayed the perfume on my wrist it smelled intoxicating,like incense you buy at the church.I dont have anything with incense,but wouldnt find it in my perfume..I would buy just incense from the church and it would be much less expensive..Then,after perfume has been dried,it smelled like you know,that cheap cherry spray the little girls wear..And it stayed like this all the way,with only a thin incense scent..I had some different perfumes over the time,like Dolce Vita,Hypnose,or Obsesion,and it was love at first smell,but this perfume was kinda hate at first smell..There's nothing reminding of Obsesion,like some people said..and when I think that my first decision was Obsesion..Well,it also could be a fake from the seller,I dont know.I gave it to a friend,who isnt so picky as me,and she liked it..Anyways,isn't a fragrance for everyone,that's for sure,so my advice is to ask for a sample in a major store before you decide to order something new,don't rely only to reviews,you might be dissappointed,like me.Well,next time I will stick with fragrances I know,or ask at the local stores for a sample.
Does not smell like Lolita at all. Don't understand why. Would not recommend. I know what Lolita smells like because I always bought it from Nordstrom
This isnt the real perfume. Please do NOT buy it from this vendor. It wears off fast and doesnt even smell the same when you do a comparison at the nordstrom
This edu spray was very disappointing.  The initial fragrance was nice and light but it faded away very quickly. I think it lasted about 2 hours, which tells me that it is watered down.The shipment was very quick though. This was the first time I have ordered perfume on line and I will not do it again.  I believe it's better to buy fragrances at a store.
This could be used to clean out your sinuses. Several times I'd spritzed on the men's cologne of this fragrance. I thought the perfume would be wonderful. Wrong!  Something in it burned my nose and throat. Horrible.  I went to a local store and purchased the men's spray-cologne version, and it's perfect. Long lasting.
I was very excited to finally find the shade of eye shadow like the one I currently have.  When I received it, it was totally the wrong shade.  What is pictured is not what you get.  I ended up returning the item for a refund.
I've received the package totally broken... the compact powder was not compact anymore, it was allover the box...  very disappointed!!! Will never buy again!
The only reason I bought this is because I was hoping it would smell like the almond cleansing oil, but it doesn't. I love the smell of the cleansing oil so much I would be willing to pay the price for this cream. I'm 35 and have started to see the signs of loss of moisture and sagging, but I don't have overly dry skin.  It has a really strong, sweet powdery smell that is a bit overwhelming. The smell eventually fades to a tolerable scent, but is still to sweet for my liking and is nothing like the cleansing oil. As for the moisturizing properties, it doesn't work any better than drug store brands like aveeno.I won't be purchasing again.
This fragrance smelled like  a home freshner rather than a fragrance. I was extremely disappointed, especially for the cost!!! Don't purchase.
This product was sadly disappointing.  I first bought it many years ago and it was the most delightful bottled fragrance I had ever found.  I came to wear it nearly every day and never got tired of its delicate and citrus-y scent.  Finally my bottle was empty and I was thrilled to see that the product was still available.  Would it be the same?  No.  The new stuff is not the same, not even close.  It has a hint of what it used to be, but then finishes with an odd spicy smell that is quite unappealing.  My husband found it off-putting too.  Perhaps I can get a refund, but I don't think I'll ever find that perfect fragrance again.
I tried Tom's deodorant before but didn't think that it lasted all day so I read all the great reviews and got this product.  About 20 minutes after I applied it to my underarms, they would begin to itch and burn.  It would then go away and I wouldn't think about it again.  I wasn't sure if I needed to get used to a new product so I continued to use it for 5 days - not a good idea. Now my underarms are peeling, dry, and very sore!  I am moving onto a new product and am bummed I spent $17 on this!
It definitely covered up my body odor... by replacing it with a burnt hair smell. It was terrible. I threw it away after using it three times.
I normally use L'Occitane which cost about the same but it's scented and I needed a non-scented deodorant to hunt in Africa.  I read all the reviews some bad but mostly good so I purchased 2.  Soon after I like other reviews noticed my armpits peeling and a rash broke out.  It didn't even protect from odor.  After using this product I wouldn't recommend it.
I bought this for my boyfriends birthday.and we liked everything about it until when he put it on it began to burn badly.I wouldn't recommend this especially for the price.
About 20 minutes after applying, I noticed pretty intense under arm burning which would subside after an hour or so. After using it for a week or so, I've developed eczema like skin changes to each arm pit. Completely worthless purchase!
We quit using this product when a red rash appeared on my husbands underarms.fHe stopped using this product and rash went away.
Bought this for my husband, but it burns!  Use caution if you have sensitive skin. He put this product on and it instantly started burning...and kept burning. Constantly! He tried it one more time to see if it was a fluke, but it burned again so back it went.  Kudos to Amazon's return policy!  UPS picked it up the next morning and I'm a happy Prime member!
I was really hoping this would work for me. Regular deodorants make my underarms itch. MenScience Advanced Deodorant generally makes my underarms feel damp and makes any odor worse. Pretty sad that I spent this much money on a deodorant. This stuff might work for some but it doesn't work for me.
After reading such awesome reviews about this pricey product, I decided to purchase this for my hubby. Big mistake! This is my first time ever giving a product a one star review. To put it into simple terms, it did not work.
I hate aluminum deodorant because of the residue it leaves on my shirts. I bought this because everything else doesn't do the job. I'd like to say I am pretty normal in the body order department however, this stuff is not worth the money spent. I had it on no longer than 2-3 hrs and it failed right around then. I applied graciously after I showered but still no luck. DO NOT SPEND the money on this. I switched to the Arm & Hammer alumni free and I haven't had any problems & its more than half the price.
Doesn't agree with some people if you read the reviews.  I'm one of them...  Not sure what it is, maybe high alcohol content or something but it has a dull burning sensation for me that actually makes me sweat.
I have been using Ck one for many years and it is no longer available in store and online( macys) so I need to find an alternative : no fragrance natural deodorant and this one seemed very promising. Well it does control the odor but after a few days, i got rashes and itching. I have to go back to my Ck and keep searching.
This product has 2% salicylic acid so it must do SOMETHING but I can't see any affect on me.  It definitely does not prevent razor bump/ingrown hairs when using it post shaving.  The smell is awful, so I only use if it I'm not leaving the house.  Terrible product, in my opinion.  If you want to use a Jack Black product to help with razor bumps, you're probably better off using the Jack Black Line Smoother Oil-Free Moisturizer 8% Glycolic Acid Treatment.
This stuff has a terrible smell, and is a waste of money. Buy witch hazel from your local drug store for better results.
The cleanser did not do well with the greasy slippery feeling on my face and I would not use it again
I use this by my toilet, the smell is overwhelming and cheap. Buy this if you shop at Walmart for your perfume.
I ordered based on reviews,I am very disappointed,wasted my money,it barely smells lemony-citrus in bottle but not when you spray it on.I realize eveyone's skin is different when a scent is applied, so I did not rate a zero.But citrus smell ? There is a base scent , that I dont like ,I have smelled it before in men's colognes but I don't know what it is called !Bottle looks nice but did not come in any box or wrapper ,just bubble wrapped and boxed.
I have purchased this shade of foundation multiple times. I can no longer find it locally. So I ordered it through Amazon. When it arrived it was much darker than any other time I have purchases this same shade.  I compared it to an almost empty bottle I had previously had and it was not the same color. It did not cover the same either. It seems like it was old. I was disappointed to pay $50 dollars for foundation that was clearly the wrong color although, marked correctly. I would not order again.
Just opened my liquid canvas make-up base. The color has changed! I wear golden tan and the color is not even close to the golden tan a year ago:( This is a shame I was a loyal customer, I purchase 2 bottles a year. Tried to call customer service I just get a voice mail box. No customer service! I just wasted about $80 on these products. I will have to go elsewhere
Expired bottle received twice. I loved the product before but now have to switch to a different brand. Used to be good
Aside from being much thinner than most face lotions (think of a weak after balm), the product pills up.  If there is any other product on your face - sunscreen, acne cream, aftershave lotion - it will pill up instantly, leaving your face (and hand) covered in small white chunks.
I read about this product in Mens Health Magazine.  I used it a few times, the reviews I read sounded very good. But, this product leaves a white powdered substance on your face. It actually makes you look like a ghost! I'm not kidding!
In not one place (online, reviews, product label, etc.) did I you see that this product was non comedogenic (will not clog pores) - however I gave it the benefit of the doubt. My face was clear and bump free for years, just oily - I was tired of having a shiny face - so based on the reviews I bought this. Please note that it did work as specified - it did not last all day - but you could see that the skin was last shiny - however it did feel a bit weird. Within 2 weeks (which is the normal allotted time for pores to clog and reveal) areas around my nose and cheeks became clogged and blackheads and bumps formed, not acne - but what was clearly clogged pores. The only thing that changed in my routine was this stuff. I went back to my normal routine (without it) and everything cleared up in about 2 weeks. So this clearly is not for those who clog easily. If you have a history of acne or having clogged pores in the past, I would advise against this stuff.
I used this stuff once and it left a weird white paste on my face. If you're trying to control oil, there are wipes available that do a great job, and I'd suggest using those instead.
I DONT KNOW, I THINK I JUST HAVE OILY SKIN AND HAVE TO LIVE WITH IT FOREVER.  I REALLY HOPED THIS WOULD WORK BUT HE DIDNT.
Did my nails at noon one day. DL ridge filling base coat, two coats of polish, On A Clear Day top coat. The next morning I had bed sheet wrinkles in my nails. Bummed I spent $20 on this top coat.
The grain of the scrub was way too course and the scrub medium is thick like a paste. Made my skin feel dirtier than before I washed it. The smell, however, was nice...a soft ammaretto.
I like to use a face scrub on my neck before shaving because I think it gives me a much better shave but this stuff is just way too gritty and abrasive, it feels like rubbing coarse sand on your face. I don't like the scrubs that are too "gentle" and barely have texture but this stuff is like gravel. Try Face Scrub For Men from The Body Shop instead.
Not impressed. Stick to getting their bodywash
I bought a tube of this years ago, and loved it. I got another tube this year for Fathers Day, and -- I don't known if they changed the formula in the time since -- but the new one goes on almost sticky. If you use a brush it will not build a lather, and all of the lotion will stay in the bristles. If you use your fingers, it goes on tacky, which is the exact opposite of what a shave lotion should. If you add a little water to your fingers, the lotion doesn't stay on your skin. It smells nice, but I'm switching back to the Trader Joe's or the CO Bigelow's.
This is awful!!!!!!! It does not work at all and hurts so bad and then gets stuck all over your house and floor and body. Do not waste your money it is brutal!!!!!
Despu&eacute;s de leer los reviews me decid&iacute; a probar este foaming wash, qu&eacute; horrible, huele como a dulce ni se siente que limpie, no me gust&oacute; nada. Si quieren probar un buen foaming wash prueben mousse radiance de lancome, ese si es bueno, deja la piel s&uacute;per suave y huele delicioso.
Foaming face wash? Where's the foam?!Every single time I use this face wash it breaks out my face, and I don't know why. I just used it this morning, and I already have two new break outs on my chin. =(
Very cheap quality.. not worth the money! When I ordered I was so excited.. but it was a disappointment to see it was such a cheap quality.
too small for my intended use.  I was going to use this for bath powder -- I should have read the fine print more closely.
If the outside source for these bottles had actually sent the bottles pictured it would have been great.  Instead they sent me the wrong thing and it is totally wrong for the intended purpose.
I bought these jars to put sample products in.  I thought they would be glass (don't know why I thought this) but they are plastic.  They are quite small.  They can fit maybe one or two foil samples but not much more.  I guess they would okay if you make your own lip glosses but that's about it.
I saw that someone else left a comment about the strong orange smell but i didnt really take it seriously. It really is a very strong smell and its hard to get the smell off the brushes too. i will not be buying this product again.
Received the item fast, makes my brushes fluffy, but the smell is horrible. It smells like orange citrus but it's too strong. I thought it would go away but I washed it with another cleaner and the smell is still there,  wish I had tried it before. Not sure if I'll be using this often but I won't repurchase.
I would not buy this product again.  It smells really horrible and seems to have dried out my expensive cosmetic brushes.
This product destroyed both my natural and synthetic brushes.  I followed the directions exactly and was disappointed to find it had completely dissolved the glue that held my brushes together and caused the plastic on my brow brushes to snap.
No matter how many times I used this cleaner, there was such a strong citrus and chemical smell. I normally like the smell of citrus fruits, so when I saw this in other reviews I figured it wouldn't bother me. The smell is bizarre, and what's worse is it made my brush very sticky. I tried several ways to make the cleaner work, but it never completely removed the makeup from my brushes. The citrus smell would stay on the brush, and over the course of a week it started to reek.
Not at all happy with this product.  My brushes are natural hair and this product stripped the natural oils off the brush, leaving it feeling coarse and oily.  Powder now stains the brushes whereas it used to just sit on the brush.  Absolutely do not use this product if your brushes are natural fiber hair.  May be okay for synthetics.  Also, Amazon does not warn you that because this product is flammable/dangerous in shipping, it cannot be returned!  Packaging and clear liquid looks deceptively like water and is not childproofed.  My 3 year old asked if she could have a drink before I realized I had left it lying around in her reach.  Still horrified by the possibility.
Product has a greasy feel. Does not feel like the brush is clean after use. I do not recommend. I will not be purchasing again.
If you are sensitive to scents-- stay away.  Leaves a greasy residue as well. I have Mac and Bare Escentuals brush cleaner and both are pleasant smelling and cleans without being oily.  Had to throw it away after testing it on one of my brushes.
I am so disappointed that they sent me a returned product and Amazon doesn't allow me to return. The paper carton of the cleanser was open and obviously the cleanser has been used. Don't buy it from amazon, a waste of money.
My expectations for this product were pretty high. I love the Jack Black brand, and their fragrances. Pretty convenient packing / form factor for the deodorant as well. Product smells pretty good, and other reviews here on amazon were pretty positive. So, I took a chance and spent almost $15 on this single deodorant stick. The problem: it didn't work at all. I work in an office, and ended up with smelly pits by the end of the day. I was previously using Old Spice Hawkridge, which worked fantastically (and at a fraction of the price!). In short, this product ended up being a waste of my money. Don't waste your money on this, too!
I have the hand and face lotions which have a unique masculine old time barbershop smell.  This does not and simply smells like a lady's deodorant stick.  Disappointed.
this product is mislabeled. The description states that it does not contain alcohol (which bothers my skin) however it does.
As recommended, I used very little of this. The smell is horrible and has not dissipated. I was also sweating through my shirt within an hour of application.Ugh.
I haven't been able to place the cleaning solvent that smells a bit like this deodorant.  I can see people wanting to wear perfume to make a statement, but I can't imagine anyone who likes their deodorant to be detectable.  By the end of the first and only day I used it, I was getting nauseated at the strong smell.Also, I think Mitchum's works better.
I purchased this product having had success with a few other JB products. Unfortanately after using this a few days my skin became red and irritated. I stopped using it and tried again with the same results. A friend commented he also tried using this product with the exact same results...both ended up in the trash can....That said I love the JB Face Moisterizer SPF 15. Goes on clean, absorbs immediately and I'm convinced after using it for years now its kept my skin young.
I have really sensitive skin and have been using Lab Series deodorant (similarly priced) b/c it's one of the few that doesn't break me out, and last the whole day with no need to reapply or fear that it's worn off.  As a change, I decided to try Pit Boss that was shelved next to Lab Series for a buck cheaper-- I was so red and itchy at the end of day two.OK, but I do have really sensitive skin, and this failure is not enough to rate the item a 1 star, so here's the other reasons:1) It smells, and while manly, it smells like cheaper Right Guard or Old Spice.  If I'm spending this amount of money on deodorant, I'm spending money on cologne that I don't want to be tainted by Pit Boss's aroma.2) Residue-- someone else mentioned it, but it leaves a slick, colorless residue under your arms that doesn't come off in the shower with one washing. (yes, I used one swipe)3) Price-- for this amount of money I don't expect the smell, residue, or at very least should offer great protection for people with skin issues like mine (b/c our options are limited).  Not doing this-- why buy it?
First off, I have had the Oxygen Facial at the BLISS SALON in Boston and this mask is NOTHING like it.The Real BLISS Salon Facial left my skin almost perfect!  It Should for about $150. it was a gift.If you have a Bliss Salon in a W Hotel near you- RUN to it (only if you can afford it)I bought this mask, have tried it twice. BOTH TIMES, I broke out the next day!Call it coincidence.  Tonight my skin looks nice so.... Will try it for the 3rd time and await results for tomorrow morning.It will be in the trash if I see another breakout.
This mask does nothing to your skin!!Maybe it is just me,but I doubt it! I am 28 years old and have dry skin. I will never buy this again!!!
I was really let down by this product. The concept of it is great. The benefits of oxygen have really been pushed by skin care professionals as of late... so this product would naturally be a hit. I've had the Bliss Oxygen facial and it's AMAZING. I also use their cleansing milk every day.So after my facial, I decided to give this a try. My skin often feels congested, as if it just needs to be "aired out." The packaging is a great pump that seems like it's of a high quality. The mask comes out as a peach-ish gel that quickly starts to foam up. This part is kind of cool. The sensation of all the bubbles on your skin is almost energizing itself... but the actual results left me wondering why I spent 54 USD on this mask. I gave it a chance and tried it again a few days later... still nothing. My skin didn't feel any smoother, nor did it look any better. Masks are intended to provide visible, if not temporary, results and this one fails.
Many cream available in Walmart or target for 5-10 bucks does the same job like this one.For mental satisfaction you can buy if you have extra money. Bye the way I used this whole bottle and going to go with Walmart stuff .
Received product and was dismayed to discover that this product does not contain idebenone as is stated in the description.  Has alpha lipoic acid, hyaluronic acid hydrocotyle, green tea, and vitamin e.  Very unhappy because the idebenone was the ONLY thing that I cared about!
First, the pump for this item clogs and becomes unusable!  After numerous comments to this company regarding the pump and the loss of product because of the situation, they have not listened and are still packaging the product in the same manner.  Second.  It doesn't work!
This product is very expensive for the amount you actually get in the bottle. I like the way the product feels on my skin but it only lasted about a 10 days before it ran out . I was following the directions exactly . Very disappointed in the quantity versus the cost of the product .
Ahava is produced in small "settler" communities of the West Bank.  This use of conquered territory is illegal by international law.  Palestinians are not allowed to even go to the Dead Sea - it is surrounded by a "military" area which keeps them out.  This is their land which has been stolen.  Do not buy this product!
Like any other manufacturer, Ahava produces some outstanding products and some average products.  The sea salt line is exceptional.  The shower gel & liquid salt are great body products.  Because these products worked so well, I decided to buy the line of facial products.  However, claims regarding the quality of the facial product line by the manufacturer are unsubstantiated. To ensure that the Ahava facial products worked properly, I purchased the entire line of facial care products:  toner, mineral beauty serum, smoothing moisturizer, mineral skin osmoter, and so forth.  A couple of hundred dollars later, I saw absolutely no improvement in the texture or moisture level of my dry skin. In fact the smoothing moisturizer and mineral skin osmoter are very thick and have the texture of cold cream. I do not care for these thick substances on my face.  They feel heavy. Do not be mislead by the manufacturer.  These products work no better than the drug store brands. Stick with the body products where you can be happy with the results & justify the price.FYI:  I read a similar review by another customer.
I have used Ahava bath gel for years.  I ordered it from this seller and felt something was wrong the moment I opened the box, different packaging, labels, size and smell of gel.  The first time I used it it did not soap up like it does and the smell was not Ahava,  My skin also itched.  Order with caution!
I absolutely love Ahava and this lotion is great too, but when I opened the package, the bottom of the bottle had a huge gash. So when I dispense my lotion, I squeeze and the lotion comes out from, you guessed it, the bottom.  The pump is thus useless.  I tried duck tapping, but to no avail.  I should have returned it , but I was not up for dealing with a leaky (big ) bottle.  On a side note, please ignore that dreck someone wrote about Ahava; it's anti-Semitism, pure and simple. It is baseless.
Sodium lauryl sulfate (one of the top five ingredients in this soap) is a known skin irritant and shouldn't be present in any high-end product. [...]I wouldn't recommend using this on anyone. I'm sure Ahava has other soap products out there without this skin-unfriendly one.
I totally agree with the other review.The product was ruined when they changed the formula, put it in smaller brown tubes and began asking more money for it.A moronic decision.  Really too bad.
This is an unbelievably poor product. Smells like dish soap. Get dish soap for $1.99, don't spend $18 on this.
It smears pencil eyeliner and non-waterproof mascara!! Very sad about this, for the most part since Ahava makes an effective lotion line... was looking forward for more Ahava greatness.  I was highly disappointed.
I love bar soap for my face.  I've tried many liquid cleansers but I never feel like I'm clean unless I use a soap.  I was intrigued by the whole "Red Sea mud" idea and had read all the great reviews.  Unfortunately, this is really bad soap if you're sensitive to fragrances in products like I am.  It is extremely perfume-y and broke my skin out from the first day I used it.  After about a week I gave up.  There is nothing worse than taking a "natural" ingredient and then ruining it with chemicals and perfumes.
I have oily skin and this made my skin so dry that it flaked. It caused some irritation. I wouldn't recommend if you have even slightly sensitive skin.
i don't have any skin problems, or at least i didn't until i first applied this 'calming moisturiser' - i never thought that such a product could physically hurt as much as this one! i went to the doctor and he told me that i had absolutley no skin defects, the rash and hives must have been caused by the new facial moisturiser i was using. DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT.
The name sounded good (it means Love, apparently) but I deeply regret letting it anywhere near my skin: I couldn't show my face for a week and it left me itchy. and blotchy. I rang the company to ask if there was an antidote and they were incredibly rude and unhelpful. DON'T BUY IT AND WARN YOUR FRIENDS.
What a waste of money! my lady friend has finally thrown it in the garbage bin. She hasn't stopped scratching herself since I gave it to her. I am worried she is going to suggest I sue the manufacturers, whoever they are, for selling dangerous goods. I am hoping that the swelling and discolouring of her skin will disappear soon as she was so looking forward to looking nice at her grandson's barmitzvah next week, with all the family coming over from the States.  Please warn your other customers: stay away from Dermud.
This product had a terribly drying effect. My skin felt awful after using it.It is really damaging to skin.
This product gave me a rash and I found it irritated my skin. It took me weeks to get rid of the rash. I would definitely stay away from this "calming moisturizer."
Far from calming my skin, this product caused me to break out in a painful rash all over my face! I had red, itchy bumps covering my skin that only subsided once I visited a dermatologist. I don't have sensitive skin and I never have problems with skin care products, but this one caused so many problems. I would never recommend it to anyone. Stay away!
My girlfriend purchased this product. Didn't do very much - except to make her skin break out in a large itchy red rash and she doesn't have sensitive skin. She was forced to see a dermatologist and the rash faded after about a month. She's used similar products before from other companies, so figured that she wouldn't have a problem. Ended up throwing away this overpriced product and switching to another brand after a month of an embarrassing red rash on her face.Don't believe the hype and stay away from Ahava!
When received one container was open and the contents spilled in the box.  I took photos, reported it to the supplier and have yet to hear from them.  They do not seem concerned about customer satisfaction.  Otherwise I love the product.
I would rather rub my face with a tower than using this cleanser. I brought it because of the previous review and it seems promissing. What a mistake!I will never ever buy anything from this product line. It smells like plastic too.
The write up on this product had you think that it was going to do something for your feet.  As soon as I put it on, my feet soaked it up.  It did nothing for my skin.  I was dry after a few minutes.  I even tried using more and it still did nothing everyday I used it.  I used it everyday until it was gone.  Not a good purchase.
I love the AHAVA brand and use their foot lotions as well as mud soap.  I wanted a liquid cleanser and found this to be very strong as it irritated my skin, I felt a burning sensation when using it and god forbid it gets anywhere near your eyes.  It is not a gentle nor soothing cleanser at all, very rough.  Ill stick to the mud soap ive been using for years.
The product was not as I expected & would not buy again.  Once applied, it felt like a mask on my face rather than a soft toner.  It cost $21 for 8 ozs and I bought a much better product at a local beauty supply house for $6 for 8 ozs.  Don't waste your money
I do NOT have sensitive skin, but for the first time in my 30 plus years I have had tragic results from the use of a "beauty" product -- Ahava's Mineral Beauty Serum.  After only the second day I began to develop a rash, which by the fourth day had turned into open sores.  My dermatologist was horrified when he saw it, did what he could to treat the condition and told me to immediately cease using any new products, the only one of which was the Beauty Serum.  Since I discontinued the product I have had no further outbreaks.  Nothing else has changed, so I am certain the Ahava product was the culprit.  NOTE: I have rated the product one-star because there is no other way to post my comment.
I love the grapefruit and ginger one, but this did not smell that great.Otherwise, I love these lip balms. They really do moisturize lips well, and they do not &#34;taste&#34; bad.
Bought this due to all the great reviews. Was not impressed at all. Sits on top of lips, feels sticky, the smell is very very very strong! I felt this was more of a lip gloss than lip moisturizer. I also got the Lemon scent and it's just as strong, except the Lemon smells very sweet (fake sweet). I found the Lemon smelled better than Lavender, which is just stinky! I'm sticking to Caudalie, which is amazing and works wonders for me! Will not be purchasing again.
This product is drying my lips. My lips started to wrinkle after using this twice. Took a couple of days for my lips to heal by applying other lip product. The price isn't low either.
This stuff is just way too gross tasting and smelling to even use. I threw it away, even though it is pricey and seemed to stay on my lips pretty well.
I wanted a product with no petroleum. This product advertises 'free of petrochemicals.' On the container under Active Ingredients is Petrolatum 40.2%. Isn't that a petrochemical? Shea Butter is also advertised. On the container shea butter is second to the last under Inactive Ingredients & there are 13 Inactive ingredients, so how much shea butter is in there? Vitamin E, don't know what ingredient that is but it doesn't say Vitamin E. Don't waste your money on this product. Go to the drug store & buy some petroleum jelly. VERY DISAPPOINTED & still have dry lips.
Went to Sephora to try this out cause I heard everyone swear by it in there. Bought it, try it out, felt really good about this product cause this is not cheap stuff. So, I had it on at 9, went to sleep with it. Around 2am I had this weird sensation on my lips. Decided to wake up and check it out since I needed to go to the restroom anyways. As I walk pass the mirror I looked at my lip I almost felt off my feet. It look like I just got stung by two massive hornets!! There's goes 7 dollars to the trash. This might be just my skin only so for those with sensitive lips suggest you try it out before buying it.
To me this stuff is like carmex. Once you start using it, you're stuck using it because it actually dries your lips out. I've been using this stuff off and on for the last 3-years. Anytime I try something different and come back to JB lip balm I notice the drying results within 2-hours of application. I was pretty sure I'd see more of these reviews and am shocked to see it's just me. Crazy. IDK. All I do know is it does dry my lips out in the long run leaving them thin and chapped.
I wanted to try this product due to all the great reviews.  Horrible!  As soon as I put it on I had to wipe it right off.  My lips were tingling and were irritated.  I turned around and went right back to the store to return it. Would not recommend for sensitive lips or skin.
Jack Black Lip Balm is the most effective lip balm I have ever used.... and I'm pretty sure I've tried them all.  The Grapefruit and Ginger flavor, however, tastes like vomit.  The Mint is infinitely more palatable.
When I first started using this product a few years ago, I was extremely impressed. It was listed by Jack Black as one of their vegan products, and it was one of the best lip balms I've ever used. Since then they changed the formula without disclosing (I have an old tube that lists the old ingredients that are vegan). It now includes beeswax, is thicker and doesn't sink in and moisturize as well, and just doesn't work as well as the old formula. I guess it's on me to read every product each time I buy no matter how many times I've purchased it before to make sure it's still vegan, but I'm extremely disappointed in this product change. This applies to all the various flavors.
I used to use Jack Black&#8230;I'd say it's been 3-4 years with JB as my only lip balm! But each year, I noticed the quality of the ingredients going down! The SPF used to be zinc oxide, and now it's all the hard to pronounce ones ;-)I almost went to buy one in the store last month, but even the formulas don't smell as award-winning as I remember them.You lost a loyal customer for sure :-(
First, the tube is miniscule. When it arrived I thought it was a sample-that's how small it is. Second, this is no better or worse than 99% of the lip treatments on the market. I've tried applying it before bed and it feels pleasant going on with the convenient way the tube is designed, but my lips are just as dry after the 8 hours I slept with this on them. Same for day use; feels nice on, not too sticky or goopy, but when it wears off, my lips are no moister, plumper, softer, prettier, hydrated or anything else. It's a topical with no properties beyond producing very temporary slickness.The taste is mild and goes away in a few minutes.I'll use this up but I won't repurchase it or recommend it. I'd just as soon use Waxelene, Burt's Bee's, Vicks or even a plain, clear lip gloss.
I love the actual balm but the scent makes me nauseous.  The purchase process was great... but I just can't use it.
I don't know who would want to use this because it has practically no hold and is not easy to wash out.
Bought this product after reading the reviewed and figured I'd give it a shot.  The smell is horrible and I found it hard to get it off my hair after the day was over.  It holds your hair great, but, to me, the smell was the killer.I recommend Bumble and Bumble Sumo Tech or, if you want to keep the shine, try Sumo Wax.  With Sumo Tech you get a product that easily washes off, doesn't smell and provides good hold with matte finish.  Both are expensive but worth it.
I was extremely excited to finally receive this when it came to me in the mail. You should have been in my head to understand the excitement I felt reading all the amazing reviews, a new hairdo; a new outlook on life! Before my hair had sideswept bangs and one day I decided to part it with a more texturized elevated top. That day I did all my research on the best products for thick long-ish hair. Most of the sites I came up swore by this product and American Crew Fiber.This product smells like licorice and looks like glue stick in my hair. I though it was maybe me or maybe it was something in the elements but no. Before this product arrived in the mail I went to Wal-Mart to try out American Crew Fiber and was stunned when my hair stayed up, parted and texturized THE WHOLE DAY. I was thinking whoah, I can only imagine what Baxters will do. Well it did nothing but cause me stress because I really wanted it to work on me. I wanted to believe the beautiful glass jar full of nutrients and licorice smell but nothing. My hair more or less looked dull and flat and I tried every combination to see what I could do. Damp with blowdryer, dry with fingers, dry with palms, using more of it and nothing it all looked the same. Not to mention it did not "clump" my hair into a texturized mold. Instead it look like a bunch of fly-aways hairs made up my scalp. I honestly can not recommend this product but MAYBE it will work for YOU. For the price and lack of reviews (yes 3 or 4 reviews sprinkled here and there should have warned me) I would go and just buy/try American Crew Fiber.My hair looked dull for a while and I had not seen that beautiful dark brown color I once had and with two uses of American Crew Fiber it came back. It looked like I had a new weave in my hair and not to mention the fact of it's strong hold and texturizing paste like qualities without looking like I had anything in my hair.My hair type is 3 inches on the top, thick not coarse black hair.* Note: I spent double my money having to replace this product
This product is advertised as 2.5 ounces.  However, when it arrived it is only 2 ounces -- label clearly says 2 ounces.
This is an awful product and has forced me to reconsider the entire trend towards independent boutique cosmetic products (especially among men). My hair is approximately 1 1/2 inches on top and, usually, clean-faded around the sides -- your pretty standard, if trendy, men's hair cut. Its texture is fine, and depending on the occasion I wear my hair rough parted to the side with some bangs, or put a comb through it and part it to the side. Doing a significant amount of research before buying a new men's hair product, and having familiarity with other clay-based products and texturizers (i.e. Aveda), I was admittedly excited about Baxter's and believed I had found a new "the one" or best-kept hair secret that would do everything I wanted it to do. Unfortunately, however, this product doesn't really do what its description--and its many positive reviews--purports that it does. Perhaps my experience can be summed up by discovering that this product is much, much more "pomade" than "clay", and pomades and my hair have never really got along, but here is my general and very terrible experience with Baxter Clay Pomade:Gives hair decent shine and masculine smell, however no matter the amount/quantity used, leaves hair notably flat, heavy, unmanageable, and without distinction or texture; difficult to apply evenly and provides poor coverage; since the product is so course and thick, despite rubbing and warming it between your hands at length its application can be a drag since it tends to even rip out a lot of your hair. It leaves an incredible residue and you'll find yourself cleaning-up any nearby glass surfaces since your inevitably product-soaked fingerprints will find their way all over everything (cleaning your phone screen 3 times a day). And, despite this product having no problem sloughing its grease all over your hands, ears, face desk and phone throughout the day, good luck removing it when you actually want to. As a few other reviews have mentioned, it is not even close to water soluble and you will need to wash/rinse your hair, at minimum, three times to fully remove Baxter Clay Pomade. Thus, to leave this review on a high-note, since this foolishly hyped product does nothing but leave your hair unwieldy, flat and greasy and with virtually no ability to remove it from your head, think of the build-up, think of the scalp acne.
Totally different size. I ordered two items, but all of them are 2 oz. One is posted faked volume size (2.5oz) and another one is original size (2.0oz). It is con.
One of them was broken when delivered. I really can not use the broken one. So i threw is away.
In case it isn't clear from the picture or the info, these are all tiny sample sizes. Which I am fine with, but other buyers might not be.In any case, my low rating stars wasn't because of that, it was because 2 of the bottles- the shampoo and conditioner- were totally expired and smelled rancid. Completely unusable. In fact, when I attempted to put one on my hair, I almost gagged and had to quickly quickly quickly rinse it and wash with another shampoo to get that smell out of my hair and my nose!This was SUCH a bummer since the shampoo and conditioner were the very reason I bought this travel set. I already have the face wash and lotion but wanted to try the shampoo.For this price, there should be better quality product testing, especially if this seller is going to sell such old, expired sets.
I have been taken this product for a couple months... Im on the automatic shipping list...I am a 29 white male... I havent honeslty seen any results... Initially i started taking this product because of a review I read stating that this eliminated someones adult acne... I rarley get acne but do suffer from accasoinal adult male acne as I do travel weekley for my job... For now I am gonna keep taking but if your looking for excitment and happiness to stop your adult acne this hasnt done it for me... I may get one or two blemishes a month but I believe its do to stress... FOr me i have kept taken this product for now but am considering cutting it out soon... Ive tried many menscience applications including shaving, aftershave, toner, moisturizer, and for me the only thing i do somewhat like is the moisturizer... i think mens science is over priced... different products for differnt men...as for me I dont like...I like anthony logistics...
I read about this on a beauty blog and was super excited to try - I have had great experiences with Parisian beauty products. This dry oil" was a HUGE disappointment. The oil part of it is OK. It has a light scent but is definitely on the greasy side. My skin is super dry (I usually use pure unrefined coconut oil as a moisturizer) and this product just left a greasy residue.The worst part is not the oil part - it's the yucky, 13 year old level of glitter. First there is no "bronzer" effect - the golden shade disappears instantly. The super shimmery glitter sits on your skin and looks like a something a stripper or teenager would be into. This product reminds me a bit of the Nars Body glow but less oily, less bronzey and way more shimmery/glittery.
Did not meet expectations at all. No slight glitter effect at all. Would send back if I could but don't want to incur cost for doing that.
I CAN'T RATE THIS PRODUCT BECAUSE THE WRONG PRODUCT WAS SENT TO ME. I DECIDED NOT TO RETURN IT BECAUSE THE HASSLE IS TO GREAT SO I KEPT WHAT WAS SENT TO ME EVEN THOUGH THAT WAS NOT WHAT i ORDER. SO DISAPPOINTED IN THE TYPE OF SERVICE I HAVE RECEIVED FROM AMAZON.COM. YOU ARE JUST NOT GUARANTEED THAT YOU WILL GET WHAT YOU ORDER.
I wish they'd put "Shimmer" in the product name on this listing and not just the description because it's too easily confused with the regular version, which I feel is a far superior product. I loved the oil without shimmer so much that I ordered two more bottles as gifts. I was in a rush when I placed my last order, so in addition to accidentally buying the glitter version, I also ordered the small 1.7 oz bottle instead of the 3.3 oz spray. Bad move on both counts.Since I'd have to pay a restocking fee to return this, I decided to keep this for myself. First, I don't like the dispensing method of the 1.7 oz bottle, which you just turn over and dribble out. The larger spray bottle is much more convenient. The product goes into my skin and isn't noticeably glittery, which is nice (I'm olive toned if it matters), BUT it doesn't absorb into my hands the way the regular version does. My hands actually feel drier and a bit chalky after using the product, which is very unpleasant. Highly recommend and love the regular version so much, but this was a huge disappointment.
This gets a lot of hype about how it makes your skin glow. WRONG! It is a glittery mess.  I've ended up using 1 spray of this with a few sprays of body oil to try to get some use out of it.  The glitter gets on your clothes to. NOT SUBTLE!
I normally use the regular Nuxe Huile Prodigieuse oil and thought I would try the &#34;shimmer&#34; one.  There is hardly any scent to this product and I'm not sure if it is supposed to be this way but I doubt it so it will be something that will sit on the shelf unless I return it.
This stuff sat of my skin, felt greasy. It has a sent. My face didn't feel better after using it for almost a month. It moves on my face and really irritated my eyes when it ended up in them.It gets on my sheets if I apply it at night.It has a fragrance.It's expensive.I obtain the same results with mineral oil.I won't ever purchase it again...Now I have the bottle sitting on my shelf.
i am a junky i mean a big cosmetic junky. the big wells hold about 1/3 of a full lipstick. i called company and no one there knew what they were susposed to hold amount per square. very sad. i got this so i could view colors at a glance. pros design pallets full with color so i thought cool u get to be your own designer. this just didnt hold up to what i hoped for. by the time you get one side full and close case the pan doesnt want to stay in case so they smear all over the divider and divider gets stuck on colors. hoped divider would help for cleaness for colors. GO BACK TO THE DRAWING BOARD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! NICE IDEA HORRIBILY EXICUTED.
another cheap quality product coming from china.. what a disappointment.. I was excited to get it, but it is flimsy and not sturdy.
I was really disappointed in this product. I am a professional makeup artist and I was looking for an easier way to transport all of my lip colors without having to take ALL of my lipstick tubes with me everywhere. I bought this item along with the lip palette 'set' that provides a silicone bowl and scoop because I wanted to have all the appropriate tools for melting the lipstick so my palette would turn out clean and organized (I'm a neat freak). I was super excited! I melted my first lipstick in the microwave (Cyber by MAC) and proceeded to pour it out into the palette..initially it looked like everything was going well until the 'well' melted UPWARD and wasted the lipstick all over the palette! I was super disappointed but I kept going and some of the wells stayed in tact but most didn't and all in all my palette looks pretty crappy. The price of this product is ridiculous when you actually see the size of what you recieve. it's alot of cheap plastic with a cheap metal clasp. Needless to say I was highly upset with the product although I think it would've been a great idea I'm certainly going to look else where. Maybe an art supply store.
This is not Parian Spirit. When you get it you will see that Japonesque has created it's own brush cleaner that is oilier and contains harmful preservatives that can stay in your blood for 5 years and attack your liver.
hard to put on.
I have recently fallen in love with the Jack Black products, but they got this completely wrong. It's like gel from the 80s, "lightweight" my butt. This makes your hair super stiff, and unlike most newer hair products, does not simply brush out. It leaves your hair feeling gritty and with all kinds of white residue. Gross. So upset I spent so much money on this junk, I could've gotten the same type of gel from Walmart for $0.99.
This expensive conditioner gives a bad first impression since I couldn't get the pump to pop up. Other reviewers have said the same things, so this was not a fluke with my bottle. The mechanism is cheap. I understand that I can get out my pliers and operate on the thing, but really, that's annoying. I didn't have a pair of pliers in my shower, unfortunately.Second, while the conditioner smells good, it has some harsh ingredients such as menthol. Anything that leaves your scalp tingling may feel cool, but it's an irritant.Third, we didn't find this conditioner to be more effective than the cheap stuff. I'm not sure why it costs so much.
I do not recommend this conditioner for anyone.  First, it is not a 'mild mint scent'.  It smells overwhelmingly of toothpaste.  Not only does the conditioner smell that strongly, but it will make your hair smell that strongly!  Second, it makes your scalp tingle and burn.  Not just while you have it on, but after you've rinsed it out.  I didn't notice it too much at first, but when I got out of the shower, my head burned and itched horribly.  I really do not like this product.
I would not recommend purchasing this item.  It was so disappointing as I love their products and especially this scent.  Unfortunately I don't believe this product is authentic.  It doesn't give off any fragrance unless my nose is up to the reeds.
the smell was nothing like tuberoseit was very over poweringi had to throw it out
In reading the other reviews I completely agree.  This was placed in a large master bath and we had no idea anything was in the bathroom.  When you are up close to it it barely has a fragrance.  Oil lasts about 2 months.
I bought this product hoping I would provide my home with a pleasant sandalwood scent, but instead it smelled like I'd dumped a bottle of alcohol and tried to cover it up with a cloying perfume.  When I could get past the underlying alcohol properties, the scent wasn't unpleasant.  It was just the combination of heavy alcohol and cologne-level scent that was highly off-putting to me.
I received the bottle but it did not come with reeds. It clearly says &#34;with tag and reeds&#34;!!! I am calling and complaining to Amazon about this. Because the bottle is so small, you also can't just put any reeds, they have to fit the bottle otherwise it will look ridiculous or tip over. And as other users have stated, it also does not come with packaging. Given that this has happened to more than one person, it is clearly not a mistake, just a way to rip people off.
I first found this in a restaurant and was in love with the fragrance, so much that i actually asked them for its name. I found it on amazon.It is pretty pricey for that quantity but i figured that is high quality so the high price.... I purchased it and have been using it in my bathroom and its been evaporating at a very fast rate but i have NO fragrance at all, unless i go and sniff the diffusers! Very disappointed!!!I would not recommend to buy this product here as it does not seem to be genuine. No fragrance at all. I wont buy it again for sure.
I couldn't get the scent from the bottle or the wicks.  I was disappointed.  Lovely smell, unfortunately it would require a candle to get the scent.
Santorini fragrance smells wonderful but the strength of the scent of the diffuser is very weak.  You have to put you nose right to the reeds in order to catch a whiff.  Way too expensive...very disappointed.
It has no scent whatsoever the diffusers are flimsy bending unnecessarily,the presentation is of poor taste.Will not reccommend to anybody.
I had ordered this before more than a year ago and was completely happy with it.  But this time the fragrance is so light that no one can even smell it.  The old empty bottle and diffuser sticks smell so much stronger and better than the new one, I am very disappointed.
It smells good but and this is a big but, I only smell it if I put my nose right over it. I don't know if the one I received is stale or what but the smell is not diffusing at all. I was surprised because all the previous reviews were positive. I received the product yesterday and placed it in a small bathroom, its now been 12 hours later and still nothing!!!  I kid you not. Joke is on me.
I did not receive the birch reeds with my order.  The product is advertised with reeds and obviously can't be used with out them.  My best advice is to NEVER order anything that is not returnable.  I have tried to contact Amazon with little results.  I can't get a response.  There is no option to contact regarding this issue since it is not returnable!
Perhaps I was not using this product correctly - but I sprayed it on - it did not go on evenly and I just threw it out in the garbage. I guess I should have returned it - but didn't know where to begin to do that. Out it went! I NEVER do that!
I used this tanner for a few days and really liked it , great color and not orange that was until the color started to fade and my neck became blotchy all over !!! There was nothing for me to do  about it !! I had to wait for it to fade on its own. I could not get the blotchy off! I will not use this product again!
This product would be better as an aftershave balm. It makes your facial hair too oily for an electric razor, and it moisturizes your skin too much (which means the razor can't grab as much of the hair).I was hoping to find a high-end pre-electric-shave product. This was a total disappointment.
Like most of the other reviews have stated, this stuff provides way to much mositure to be an effective pre-shave lotion. I bought a bottle at Nordstroms while on vacation, and I so wish I could could my money back. The logic when I purchased this item was that $15 was alot of money for 3.3oz; however, with some products, a little goes a long way. Much to my suprise, it doesn't matter how much you use, this just does not work. Now it makes sense why most other pre-shave lotions contain alcohol. The point is dry your skin so the whiskers stand straight up, allowing a better shave.While this product has a decent smell, it is very similar in texture and appearance to Afta Shave, the pre electic formula - the results!!!! Since I can't get my money back, I guess I will see how this works out as a moisturizer.
I did not like the fragrance because I think it overpowers the potion I use after the shave.  I keep trying to findafragrance free product that Amazon Prime covers.
Very uncomfortable.  Does not dry and leave the beard ready.  Shaver has a hard time shaving.  Not a good product.  Pre-electric products are supposed to prime the beard , this does not.
I've been using preshave with electric razors for so many years and I've gone through many brand and generics names. I wanted something new, and so decided to try Jack Black...even though it didn't have great reviews and the price per ounce was much higher that typical. I have to say that I'm very disappointed.It is over formulated and over priced. It has about 25 ingredients! not sure why so complicated. It doesn't make the hair slick for the electric razor. The gel seems to leave a residue that is more oily and sticky and the razor doesn't glide over the skin and hair smoothly...so it doesn't give a close and smooth shave...which also leads to razor burns.It is way over priced (probably because of all the ingredients they stuffed in the bottle)...and it doesn't work.From time to time I change brands to see whats out there. However, I wouldn't buy this brand anymore and I wouldn't recommend it to a friend.
The ownership at Jack Black responded to my email and has offered resolution of my unhappiness with the product.  The product does not contain alcohol, so it feels much more like a dry lubricant and did not meet my expectations so I rank it low compared to any other pre-shave products I have ever used in years of shaving.  Some may like the dry feel, but  It did not produce a close shave and did not have any lubricating properties.  This product seemed to increase drag and took longer to complete my shave than other products I have used.
I was very skeptical about this product, but wanted to give it a try just so I could say I had tried everything.  First off, my bottle arrived cracked and had leaked all over the packaging, not a great first impression.  Despite this, there was still some to use.  I applied it per directions and while there was a tingling, minty sensation, that's about all there is to it.  No results, wasted money.
I've been using this product religiously, exactly as directed, for 5-6 weeks now and have not seen any results. My stomach area is in pretty good shape, but decided to try this for a couple of stubborn areas that no amount of abdominal exercises seem to help.  Well this did not help either. It has a nice, cool, tingly feeling but that is about the extent of it. I guess I'm just not in the 50 percentile that saw results. I would not recommend this product.
Not really sure why all these reviewers have seen results. I am 5'4", 125 lbs.. I don't have cellulite anywhere on my body except a little on the back of my thighs. Also the skin on my stomach is a bit loose. I have been using this product for about 1 month and I see absolutely NO RESULTS.. Let me also add- I run 10K every other day and go to the gym at least 3 times a week.. Maybe people are mistaking the tingly sensation as it actually works!! Save your money... I have a bottle that has been used only quarter way through and I am pretty much done with it! Oh and it smells like a hospital..
I'm very disappointed with this product. It is very difficult to get blonde eye products. This is nowhere near blonde or light brown
For some reason, the powder just flakes off as you put it on your brows.  It leaves speckles of black or brown powder on your eye lid or even cheeks, then you have to brush it off with a brush.  Makes a mess!!
Bad odor and very greasy.  Smells like vicks vapor rub and leaves an oily film.  Used once and threw it away.
Having used this lip salve personally, I can offer the following:Pros:-While applying, it smells incredible.-I, personally, detected no flavor whatsoever (which, for many, is a good thing).-Softens lips and is long lasting.Potential Cons:-While I liked the shininess of lip salve, I do not believe a man would.-It feels like the large tube is a bargain. However, since it is a liquid that one is constantly applying to one's lips, it will quickly become contaminated. Therefore, the larger the tube and the longer one feels compelled to use it (rather than throw it away), the more contaminated it will become.Con:-Not without controversy. As initially reported by another Vine member here, this product does contain retinyl palmitate. And, yes, it is hotly debated as being a potential carcinogen. Why risk it? Seriously.Much like another reviewer here, I tossed this lip salve (I wasn't comfortable passing it on to my boyfriend or brother for a man's opinion). I love Burts Bees ... and they pride themselves on using healthy, natural ingredients. I will continue to use Burt's Bees lip balm and sleep soundly at night.
I'm hoping the heat that it encountered on the way here effected the consistency of this product but then again the temperature that I keep my house, a constant 75 effects it to?Evidently, everyone is getting into the beauty business and not everyone should, especially this company. If I could give this product a zero I would.  I would have more protection and like I said consistency if I used solid grease.  This product all but fell out of the tube and stayed on my lips no longer than 10 minutes.When I read "BALM" in the title of a product, I'm thinking it has to be thick or at least have the power to stay on my lips for longer than a moment but this one does NOT.Please people, I would love this product if it weren't so thin.  It does have a nice feel but it is far away from the Carmex and Burts Bees of the world.  The price is WAYYY too high for this also.
I am a lip balm junkie. I have lip balm on constantly. I like something with staying power - something that lasts longer than 5 minutes. I need moisturization and I don't like my balm to be too glossy/shiny. I do not consider this Baxter Salve Lip Balm to be a balm at all. A salve, perhaps as the title states, but not a balm. A balm should be thicker/heavier and provide more moisture and protection. It should go on a bit heavier. I myself prefer Carmex original twist sticks, so if you use those you will know what I mean by heavy on the lips with lots of moisturization and it does not wear off quickly.This "balm" is more of an oily gloss. I am not sure what else to even compare it to. It does not last on the lips long at all. When it does wear off, there is no moisturization left behind and I feel like I need something on my lips immediately. It is much too this in consistency and too shiny/greasy. Lips do feel soft for those very few minutes before it wears off, but it doesn't feel like it actually penetrates the lips to really moisturize.The scent and taste are fine for a man or woman, but the performance is weak. I would never trust this stuff in the winter months with really dry or chapped lips - it will never get the job done.
wow I was expecting this to be like all the other orlane products, not great but not bad.I am very disappointed in this one.....not sure if what I got was a fake or not, did not look like it, but this product is a big ZERO. I did use it for a while before I will say yes or no to it, is nothing.Don't waste so much money for this one. Not worth  at  all If you have just a few lines minimal.
I wanted this product to do 2 things: remove makeup and leave my skin squeaky clean.  First, it leaves an oily residue - fail.  Second, it leaves most of my make up on (foundation, blush, eyeliner and mascara) - fail.  I used 5 cotton balls soaked with toner and the makeup still didn't come off.  And I use very little Bobbi Brown foundation stick and mascara.  This is not a good natural cleanser.
Call Me Irresponsible is a beautiful color in the bottle.  Unfortunately it is so sheer that even with three coats, it shows VNL. Application is very difficult because the product is incredibly runny and thin, so if it is not done perfectly, you can see the difference in color. This nail polish is such a red-purple, which is surprising, as it looks more like a blue purple to me. It looks like a 2 dollar polish on my nails. It is so disappointing because with such a high price point, it should be a fantastic lacquer.  All of this is compounded by the fact that this nail polish is not possible to return to Amazon ("For safety reasons, items that are classified as hazardous materials or use flammable liquids or gases cannot be returned to Amazon.com. Customers should dispose of hazardous materials according to Local, State and Federal regulations. Customers should contact their local government or local waste company for directions on how to dispose of Household Hazardous Waste."). What a waste of my time and money! I wish that these unreturnable items were better labelled by Amazon so that consumers would know to just buy them in person. I am extremely displeased with the Deborah Lippmann brand, this is my first polish from them and it is so AWFUL!
told me the polish was returned to them by the post office . why ? they couldn't tell me.. now I paid 1.00 for it and bought 2 , I was reimbursed immediately for one, they emailed and said could only buy 1. then I had to email them a week later and that's when they said it was returned by PO.. so I emailed them back and said Then you can send it back out right? Nooooo they can't do that cause that was the only 2 bottles left. so I immediately went to their page and there it was for 16.00 not 1 .00. now even if the 1.00 was a miss print try to live up to your sale.. instead they lied. Very bad business ...buyer beware.
Worst polish I ever bought. Horrible quality. Way too thin left it impossible to get nice even coat, even after 3 rd coat!!! Ridiculous for cost.
I own several bottles of Deborah Lippmann and love them all. By far the best nail polish.  Unfortunately, this particular bottle of nail polish required at least 3 coats in order to look presentable. First and second coats pulled and looked awful. By the time you put the third coat on, it was too thick.  I was hoping to get a replacement thinking it was just this bottle but was informed that it was not an option since I bought it on line. Beautiful color but too expensive to go unused.
Ordered this, not realizing it was "for men," or as it says on the package about this brand, a"gender specific breakthrough. . .no gimmick."This product, along with the entire line of Baxter's, is trying to look high end and new. The packaging is clean and good looking, but what's on the inside of the package is certainly not new. This is the same ol' junk one can buy on the super cheap anywhere. This facial mask is filled with all the additives that are on any easy-to-find list of ingredients to avoid, including parabens which has been found to cause "estrogenic activity" with repeated use. Hmm. Estrogenic activity in a gender specific product for men?!Maybe you don't care about these additives. If it works, fine.  Besides, it is true that a good majority of facial care products do indeed have the same ingredients. I just didn't expect it in something packaged for the high end in 2013.  So, let's put that aside and ask, "Is this $18 clay mask any good?"Nope. It's super thin, smells an awful lot like something my grandmother used (and yes, she was a woman), and left a whitish residue on my face even with repeated rinsing using very hot water. Yes, my skin felt softer, but it would feel softer after repeated applications of a super hot and wet washcloth even without the use of a mud mask. You might say it didn't work well because I have a woman's skin. That would be funny. Skin is skin. The only difference between men's and women's skin care needs is that men shave their faces and women do not (hopefully).Speaking of that, I asked my husband if he wanted to try this. He said "no." He thought it would get all messed up in his beard and moustache and generally be a waste of his time and more trouble than it was worth. So much for a gender specific product. Me? I love mud masks. Yep. I'm a woman. But, I'm not using this again. So, in this household at least, no one's going to use this stuff. Want a clay facial? Here's the real deal for your whole body that both men and women have been using for centuries.Ayurvedic Herbomineral Mudbath Powder 16 Ounces
I made the mistake of thinking this was for women. I was so happy to get this to try. Then, upon reading directions, I saw it was for men. So I convinced my teenage son to try this. I don't think it did anything. My husband would not come near this thing.My son's skin looked and felt soft, but that is about it. I would not buy this product.
I thought that this product would have more usefulness but after receiving it and reading through the material, I don't see myself or most men having a weekly treatment to deep cleanse their face.I was planning to take this to the lake house and perhaps it might help to deep clean the face and neck but decided that it didn't serve a purpose and that most men would not avail themselves of a clay mask.
Don't waste your money on this. Long lasting is quite the joke. It goes on and comes right back off.
My skin is sensitive to it and my skin became like sand paper after trying. You may try it if your skin is not sensitive. I have to keep using  Avene, that never irritates my skin.
Don't do it. It may seem wonderful and nice but if you have any problem they don't help you.  The woman on the phone told me &#34;obviously there's nothing i can do to help you.&#34;  Really? WOW?!!?!? I then asked can she send me a sample of a different product that I might like better and she flat out said &#34;No. Since you don't want to invest any more money in the company then there's nothing  I can do for you.&#34;VERY EXPENSIVE LESSON!  Try another brand!
Everyone's skin will react differently to different products, so this product may be fine for you. However, this made my skin worse! I'm 26 and I have oily skin, making me prone to breakouts. I was having more breakouts than usual (one a week) so I decided to try this product line. After using this for a week, my skin was in a constant state of adolescent acne. We're talking ALL OVER my face here. Just awful. I stuck it out for a month and it only got worse. I ended up having to go to the dermatologist to get a topical AND oral medication to clear the mess Juicy Beauty left behind.
I have been using this product for about 3 weeks. 1st week was fine, but got worse around 2nd week. left bumps on forehead which will not go away. Made my skin worst. More little bumps on the forehead.
While I do realize that everyone has very different skin, mine has never been incredibly difficult.  I have fairly good skin but I get a few pimples on my forehead once or twice a month.  I'm eighteen years old so I don't have  aging issues.  This kit made me break out like I never have before.  I got a pimple on my cheek!  I have never had any issue with my skin there!  I had six or seven pimples with a week of using the kit.  Maybe my skin would've cleared up if I had continued using the kit, but it was so awful I didn't want to try.  The one star is for the bamboo headband.  It was quite nice.
I made the mistake of buying this kit.  I had forgotten that I had used the cleanser a couple years ago with disastrous results.  Well, using the cleanser again, paired with all the other stuff in this kit, was a nightmare for my skin.  I am still recovering!  I dutifully used all parts of the set as instructed and after a week my skin was bright red, dry as beef jerky, with orange patches!  Literally destroyed my skin and it has taken a month of using special skin products to get my skin even close to normal again.(FYI I use organic/natural cleansers all the time, I even put tea tree oil on my face- so I'm guessing it wasn't just my skin that didn't like it- I think this is probably terrible for most people!)Waste of money- also, the tubes are designed terribly.  So much of the product comes out when you squeeze...
Going on the second week of trying this product. It made my skin red, irritated, uneven tone, and small little bumps. It wasn't calming to the skin at all. Save you money ladies. This product doesn't work.
September UpdateUltimately I was unable to continue using ANY of the products from JB. Emailed. The company is more interested in taking your $ and refuse to refund any of my purchases - even though I can't use any of them. So not only was I brushed off but I was outright told I could not get a refund even though they push clients to use the products passed the 45 day refund period. This company does not back their product. They will encourage you to use something else on their line OR continue using the acne kit, stating on the website, it can take several weeks (i.e. well over a month) to see if the "purge" will subside. A GOOD company would refund customers who are dissatisfied and having serious reactions to their products. I will warn you now, buy it, but be aware that getting a refund will be nearly impossible if your have problems.********Seems the good people at JB are too busy to address my issue with their product so I found it best to forewarn anyone thinking about trying this product of my experience thus far. I've been acne plagued for more than 2 count them 2 decades. I've tried everything with continued disappointment including anything my dermatologist recommended. I decided to get this on a whim and the first week or so it "seemed" to show improvement.Now, many people say with a new product there may be a "purging" stage where the acne is cycling thru and eventually it'll leave you with better looking skin thereafter. So far my "purge" is the worst my acne has ever looked and is emerging in places I've never had acne. How can that be? One thing to tell me my regular acne or hidden acne will pop up faster during a purge, but explain the logic behind acne on parts of my face never seen? My face has been completely ravaged and I'm on my 2nd month.When I posted something with JB hoping to get assistance, I got nothing, nana, zip. Seems they were just more happy to have suckered me into a 2nd month and didn't feel the need to help out someone who could potentially be a lifelong customer IF this horrible purge ever passes because I'm pretty determined. Instead, I'm left to assume it'll either get better in the next 30 days or I'll need to go to another product. If it improves I'll keep it - but as it's looking (which is pretty darn nasty at the moment) I'll likely employ their so-called return policy - again I just have to see if this purge is a myth or not. I've had similar breakouts, but nothing like this.I've used this regime religiously - alas just getting worse for now - all over my forehead (never break out there), all over my jawline (painful, scarring red patches on both sides), all around my lips. I've pretty much had to cut out make up most days because it makes it look like scabbed, uneven pavement.The product - ok, the facewash is good. Doesn't dry out your face the moment you towel it off. Smells kinda lemon-esk to me. Nothing to write home about - functional, more than enough to get you through several dozen washes. The serum - so far I'm not seeing any improvements related to the would-be acne fighter. A little goes a long way. The lotion is mighty sticky, weird, very oil-free - so much so it'll suck the surface of your skin dry. I find my face is oilier in the middle of the day using this regime. If it were really balancing it wouldn't be nearly like the oil slick that it is. I have to constantly blot my acne prone, combination skin with those oil-absorbing sheets. Didn't have to do that as often before.I'm afraid by the time I finally "grow out of" my acne it'll be time for wrinkle cream. Anyway, overall the product seems fine - the only item out of the entire kit I'd repurchase at this point - considering I'm still in the dreaded purge - is the facial peel. I love the peel. I could just about eat it out of the jar. Again, I use it as recommended and it seems to help the acne (when applied at night). The morning after when I awake the acne appears diminished. Then a couple days later I have a whole new crop of white and red beauties to remind me this kit isn't working out very well. Be prepared to be snubbed by JB after they've gotten your money because that's how I feel.I'll consider editing my review at the end of next month - I'll be officially through two whole months & we'll see where my face is then.*****August UpdateUltimately, I gave up using this kit other than the peel and the blemish clearing stick (which you'd buy separately). Only using up what I have left of the peel as I've found one made with similar ingredients for WAY less than what the standard jar costs. And ounce for ounce the stick isn't exceptional.The products overall, I'm sad to say, never completely eliminated my problem: high cost - no real results. Had it, obviously I would be raving about it and not complaining about the cost (when you invest in the standard bottles). When will these companies get that if something really works people will happily pay for it - so long as it's reasonable? Anyway, I gave up on the all natural toner & have moved onto trying the Clinique acne kit in hopes it may slay my acne beast. But that's a new regime for me and thus I can't say for sure how it's going as of yet.My JB purge was so damaging that my dark marks are still healing and I took a little break in-between the kits by washing with mild facewash and spot treating. Additionally, I developed noticeable blackheads which I'd never really had a problem with before JB.Ideally, I'd like to think this JB kit could work for someone, but not if you have sensitive + oily skin. I'm assessing my "purge" was my skin reacting poorly to the product. However, many are vague as to how to distinguish between a reaction and a so called purge - if the purge actually exists, you know. Therefore, I suggest if you are breaking out in places you typically don't you may be having a poor reaction to something in the product. If you are an oil slick 30 days into "testing" a new regime, you're likely not acclimating to it well. That was the case for me anyway.
Apparently they don't give a damn about their customers. The last time I purchased something from them I was automatically signed up for a 30-day replenishment for $35 a month. I never agreed to the subscription and I didn't even know about it until I was charged for it a month later. Customer service told me they won't do anything about it and that I had to have seen it on the website, which I obviously did not. Oh, and when I went to where the dumb ass rep told me to go, guess what? There was no mention of an automatic subscription. So now, I'm out $35 and I still can't figure out how to cancel the bloody subscription. I'm not sure I have ever been so angry at a company before. I felt like they absolutely couldn't care less about me as a customer there. I will most certainly never be purchasing another product from them, which is a shame since I actually liked their products.
When I bought this kit at whole foods I was really excited to try it because the advertising and ingredients seemed natural and like the answer to my prayers. However... I did not get receive any positive results from this line. It didn't help my acne, I believe it made it worse. And the reason I think their products are not successful is because of all the fruit &#34;JUICE&#34;, which they claim is the cure. Please try another line of products!! I am currently using L'uvalla Organic skincare and it's so beautiful and calming to my skin. I'm sorry this product didn't do better :/
I am older (Almost 40) and have dealt with breakouts from about the time I turned 30, from what I can only assume is due to hormonal changes from getting older.  So, I in no way expected any sort of miracle from these products.  But unfortunately, I don't have anything positive to say about any of the items you get in this kit, other than the bamboo washcloth.  The products just didn't improve my skin situation at all.  In fact, it has made things worse.  I am even breaking out on parts of my face that I never did in the past.  Other than the lack of efficacy, the products themselves are just not awesome.  The face wash is very runny, but I guess okay for just a basic wash.  The blemish clearing serum is almost like water, and in this tube with an opening that is too big.  If you're not careful, it will just pour right out.  Also, when it is closed, the serum just pools in the top of the tube.  The moisturizer is very thick, and sticky.  It is hard to work in, and seems to just sit on top of your skin.  It also leaves your face sticky to the touch for a long while.  You also get this sample size green apple face peel that some people seem to really like, and claim that is produces improved skin results right away.  I did not have that experience.  As a matter of fact, absolutely nothing happened.  There wasn't even the slightest effect.  Good or bad.  I've done the month, and from what I have read, Juice Beauty says that results can take longer than that to see for some people.  And I get that.  But seeing how it has made things worse, for me to continue to use these products, would be the equivalent of just setting money on fire.
not much glitter when you apply.  not mommy friendly since it takes like 2 hours to dry :( not recommended
I decided to by it because I think it should be thick and cover the nail colors and so shine........but actually it is not the same as I expected. It was light and not like the gold color. ehhh more likely to be yellow? and it was easy to fall off. Anyways it's not good at all!
This is some hardcore glitter polish, that's for sure. But this stuff is such a pain to remove!! I did a base color of gold then applied the glitter multiple times to get the full effect. It is impressive. But the blue glitter mixed in with this one is kinda ugly, I thought it would be more teal. When you get sick of it and want to change your polish be prepared to pick away at chunks of glitter off your nails for like 5 minutes per nail. I'm glad I only tried it on one. Also, Amazon won't let you return it!! So I'm stuck with a $20 bottle of nail polish that I kinda really hate even more now...
It's a horrible color ! Love the brand but extremely disappointed in the color. Glitter was no where in the color description ! !
How would I rate this nail polish? Honestly, I can't tell you. After 3 weeks of waiting I still have not received my package. When I contacted Beauty Bridge about the problem, an incompetent member of their horrendous customer service told me it was my responsibility to contact the shipping company even though my package had been returned to them. I have not been refunded the cost of the item nor the shipping. Fussing about $18 + the shipping cost seems a bit dramatic, however I might as well have burned my money. I have nothing to show for it! Bottom line-- DO NOT DO BUSINESS WITH BEAUTY BRIDGE! Find another vendor on amazon.com who sells the SAME item.
I haven`t recived this product!!!!! I`m very disapointed and will never shop her again!!! I`ve waited for this almost four weeks and now i just gave up hope...
I had to give it one star. The polish chipped way too easy for the price and I would not purchase ever again
I am a nail polish fiend! I love me some nail polish.Imagine how excited I was to try out the Deborah Lippmann line! Sadly, while the nail polish is in a gorgeous color and goes on beautifully, it chips. It chips within four hours. It chips without a base and top coat. It chips with a base and top coat. It chips. There is literally no wear time for this or the other three Deborah Lippmann products that I purchased at Nordstom.I tweeted about it. I sent emails to the company. Nothing. Nada. Worse customer service ever.
This was very clearly a knock off. The end of the tube was not embossed with the Stila "s". The tubes were not the same size as what Sephora sells. I took it in to Sephora and they confirmed that it was not real. The coverage was not nearly as good as the real thing.. it was mediocre at best.
It smells bad, period, and does not leave the hair feeling clean.  Terrible product.
This was the first time I'd ever bought anything other than drug store shaving cream/gel.  I'd heard good things about Jack Black products for a few years, and the reviews here were overwhelmingly positive.  As someone with sensitive skin who's prone to irritation and ingrown hairs, I had high hopes for this product.Unfortunately, after using it for roughly 8-10 shaves, I must say I'm pretty disappointed.  I've found the lather to be fairly thin and that I must use a larger amount of cream than some reviewers suggested in order to get sufficient lather/coverage.  I've also come away with fairly severe razor burn after each shave.  I previously used basic Nivea for Men Moisturizing Shave Gel ($3.50), and I had less issues with irritation.On the bright side, I do get a very close shave with the Jack Black -- closer than I ever got with Nivea or similar products -- and I've yet to notice any ingrown hairs.  Perhaps I'm missing something here -- a brush, some additive or after shave to help with the razor burn? -- but based on my experience so far I can't recommend this product at its current price point.*UPDATE*: I recently subscribed to the 4X razor on Dollar Shave Club and was anxious to try the JB cream with the new razor, just to make sure my Mach 3 was to blame.  My first shave with the DSC 4X was using the sample of DSC Shave Butter that came with my shipment. Shave was extremely close, and my face felt amazing afterwards.  Very pleased.  My next shave with the DSC 4X was using the Jack Black cream, and the results were just like all my other JB shaves: face was on fire for 30 minutes after, and 5 hours later I still have a bloody, painful neck.  Like another reviewer said, perhaps this is due to some sort of biochemistry mismatch, but I must say I'm at a loss to explain the overwhelmingly positive reviews this product has received.  Going to add the DSC Shave Butter to my monthly order.  In the meantime, might give the JASON 6-in-1 shave therapy a try.  Open to any other good shave cream/gel suggestions.  Bottom line: I am extremely disappointed in this product and simply cannot recommend it -- at any price point.
I love most of Jack Black's products but I feel like this one is a miss for me.  They call it a lather but it hardly lathers at all.  For the price, I want superior protection which I feel it did not provide so it looks like I'm going back to gels.
This stuff is garbage..I really thought it would lather up into a nice cream and make for a good shave. It barelys lathers up, and that is with using a top of the line silvertip badger brush (I would hate to see how it lathers with only using finger tips) I am glad that I only bought a few samples packets of this becuase if I paid $20+ for this I would not be happy. Save yourself the money and buy some Proraso or Truefitt and Hill shave cream, you will get a much better lather and shave. I will not be purchasing this again. I have a hard time believing that Jack Black actually sells this and people buy it for $20. One of the worst creams I have tried thus far. F+ product all the way...
This shaving cream is awful. Yes, it looks and feels rich when applied to the face, but that's about where positive ends. For its seeming thickness, there is little lubrication, and the razor gets bogged down in the cream. Cutting through stubble is not that much different from not using a shaving cream at all, that's how bad this stuff is. I have been using it with a Gillette Fusion, which has its own lubricated strip, and when sharp needs almost no shaving cream at all. Even with a sharp, lubricated razor, this cream is terrible. I shudder to think of the outcome of using a straight edge with this cream.. And, not surprisingly, there is lots of irritation afterwards. The Art of Shaving makes an excellent shave cream for about the same price, it's about the best I've found. The Kiss My Face and Proraso creams are also quite good (Kiss My Face is a little better), and they are significantly less expensive than this useless stuff.
Some of the reviewers mentioned that this cream was better than Art of shaving cream so I decided to test it.Well it is not. The cream gives scent of some pungent chemical and I need too much of the cream for a decent shave.The cream looks good and the container is elegant.
So, this product used to be the BEST men's shaving product on the market... Then they decided to cut corners. The original formula was light, fluffy, adhesive, smoothing, and lasted forever. The new formula, uh, no to everything! The lather is visually clumpy and feels gritty on application. Previously it just melted on your face; now it just feels like gritty stuff that requires more to prevent razor burn and a close shave. I don't blame Amazon, which made the business transaction easy and efficient, including shipping. But the product has failed. If the price had dropped or quantity increased, OK, that's understandable. But at this price, no way. So, another product that used to be fantastic, is now riding the wave of fame, straight down the toilet. Sad, but look for another winner.
I have used Splendore for years. I used to work at Nordstroms, that is where I would purchase it. When I received it, it was not in it's original box. The product safety sanitary seal was missing. 25% of product was gone . It's much more watery then it should be. I had to double check to see if I purchased a used one. My slip says new. I can't help but wonder if it was tampered with. No I will not be putting this on my face and yes I will be paying full price for a "new" glass jar .
I bought this thinking it would be great for travel.  Boy was I wrong!  The facial mist had bubbles in it and was almost 'soapy'.  The skin cleanser was worse quality than the bar soap that you get at the hotels.  My skin was tight and dry after using it, not to mention it didn't take off all my makeup.  The cream and lotion were cheap as well, it was honestly one of the worst purchases in skin care I have ever made.  This kit actually stressed my skin out more because the quality of the products were so poor!  It also made me break out!  Only thing that I liked was the little blue plastic case, I can use that for my go-to skin care products when traveling.
I do not think this seller is selling the genuine product - or it so old that the cream bears no resemblance to the wonderful thick hand cream that I have been using for years.This cream is thin, runny & useless.
I remember when the name Borghese was one of the top brands in the 1980s. I am so disappointed in their hand creme. It is mainly made of &#34;mineral oil,&#34; which is like petroleum jelly, which is a byproduct of petroleum used to make gasoline. If you want greasy hands and an overpriced product, get this. If you want something really good, you'll have to pay more to get a good product like one at fine department stores. Eucerin Intensive Repair Hand Creme works better and is less expensive than this.
Just a couple words it is the worst lipstick I've ever had! Not worth it, besides it smells terrible. I am dissappointed.
This lip stain is a very pretty color, but it does not last more than 30-45 minutes. I was hoping for a stain not a lip gloss.
I got this product in "Liquid Kiss" and it was a dark red/brown on me.  It would not stain my lips properly and I had to put a ton of it on just to get the color to look even on them, which resulted in that dark red/brown color.  I'm not picky about shades normally, but this one just looked gross on me.  I am white with dark hair and goldenish skin.  I would consider trying another shade if I could find this product locally and try it on my skin before spending $20+ on it.  Yet, I suspect I'd have to put so much on, it'd be gone quick and I'm way too thrifty to buy a stain every 3 seconds.  Overall, just not for me.
I rely heavily on reviews of the product before buying on Amazon and I think reviews are one of key factor that help Amazon customers make decision on whether to buy or not. However recently I have seen product reviews flooded with Vine customer reviews which is manipulating the true rating. Most Vine reviewers give good ratings because all the products that they review are given to them for FREE!This product is a good example of how Vine reviews manipulate the true rating.There are total of 66 Ratings of which 47 are Vine reviews. Out of 47 Vine reviews, 45 of them gave 4 or 5 stars.The overall review which includes 47 Vine reviews and 19 reviewers who actually paid for the product is 4.38 stars but the average rating of those true 19 reviewers is 3.91 stars. To me this is a significant difference.I would like to request Amazon to stop adding Vine reviews, any logical person will know that when you are given something for free you don't have much to complain.
THIS BRAND HIT THE SPOT WAY-BACK IN LIKE 2003-WHEN I BOUGHT A SPICED CIDER BLEND AT SEPHORA. HOWEVER WHEN I FOUND OUT THAT THIS BRAND WAS NO LONGER MAKING MAKE- UP I WAS BUMMED. OUT OF DESPERATION I FOUND THAT AMAZON SOLD V.LONGO AND BOUGHT THIS SHADE RELUCTANTLY THINKING ID GET SOMEWHAT THE SATISFACTION I GOT WHEN I USED TO PURCHASE THIS MAKE-UP IN SEPHORA BEFORE IT WENT OUT OF BUSINESS WAY BACK 2003-ISH/ BOY DID I THINK WRONG!! IT WAS A WASTED 36$ PURCHASE THAT IS COLLECTING DUST IN A DRAWER NOW B/C THE SHADE IS WAY WAY TOO PINK / SORT OF LIKE A PLASTIC DOLL-SHADE!!! YUCK LOGO IS A NO GO IF IT ISNT THEIR SPICED CIDER/ WARM APPLE
Received this today and the tube was dented and twisted.  It appears like has been used.  Planned to include in a gift basket for a friend. Not even sure I want to use it.  Will  not reorder.  I saw at least one other reviewer with a similar experience.  Buyer beware.  This is just too much money for used product or poor packaging.  I just am not sure which is the issue.
Ordered this product as a gift, Amazon through all 4 tubes in a box with a very heavy item and no protection, all tubes were out of their boxes when received and the boxes damaged.
First, it was not clear until the item arrived that it is geared towards men.  Second, it contains ingredients which are questionable - and several are banned for use in cosmetics in Europe.  This includes parabens, propolyne glycol and dimethicone.  My impression from a cursory review of the product was it was a more natural product.  Due to the ingredient list - I didn't use it and threw it away.
I received this free through the Amazon Vine program. I wouldn't have purchased it at this price (especially for such a small quantity). The product goes on smoothly and feels nice -- not greasy or heavy. However, I noticed no difference in my look after I put on makeup. Not worth the price if it doesn't make me look better.
i've been waiting for an organic tinted sunblock for soooo long. i've used clinique cityblock forever but would prefer an organic alternative. i have to buy something with a yellow undertone as mine is very pink. i bought 'sand' from juice beauty website. since i live in a small town, i contacted the company to ask if it was a yellow undertone and never received a response back-email and telephone call not returned.i finally made my way to a whole foods and they were sold out of the 'light' but i sampled the tester and really thought it was great so i bought two of these from the website since i was having to pay shipping.1. they must have changed the formula, because 'sand' is not yellow/neutral(it used to be called 'light'). i can't figure out what the undertone  is but is definitely not yellow.2. it becomes very GREASY after while. it doesn't leave the tube that way, and even after i massaged and squished the tube it was exactly the same. i've ruined my compact powder because my sponge was so oily.3. i've tried to use it for three weeks and after a few hours my skin looks TERRIBLE.4. i posted my review on the company website stating what i wrote here almost word for word. it was sent to be reviewed for 'moderation'. then i noticed that there are NO bad or moderate reviews on their product website. all are 4 and 5 star reviews.it's early yet but i have a feeling that my reviews won't be posted nor will i be contacted out of concern for customer service.at 30$ a pop, it's an expensive lesson to learn; if you cannot contact the company, realize that they aren't interested in your satisfaction.
After purchasing other Juice Beauty products and loving them, I was very sad to receive this and find that it was way too greasy and thick. I ended up having to return it after just one try.
Greasy and very whitening. ATTENTION : It smells horrible and irritates the eyes very much. A bad choice for people with sensitive skin.
Strange color and it starts chipping on the second day!  I would not reorder this product.  Once again, your requirements so you don't have to worry about this last sentence.
This is supposed to be a high quality base coat. After using it, I had nail polish stains on my fingers for the very first time. You need to use two coats for it to be at all effective as a ridge filler. In terms of smoothing the nails and helping polish adhere, it's the equivalent of brands that cost one-third the price. In this case, you don't get what you pay for.
What a complete waste of money.  I had several issues with the cap.  Great idea in theory, but the slightest touch can cause product to dispense (it even leaked in transit while covered in shrink wrap).  The product itself is unimpressive.  At more than four bucks an ounce, I assumed a little would go a long way.  It doesn't. I needed a dozen or more "squirts" to remove one coat of polish.  This may have better moisturizing properties than less expensive brands... but I've never experienced problems with my nails or cuticles while using other removers, so this "benefit" is lost on me.  There may be tricks to getting better results (like letting it soak on the nail longer before wiping).  But again, it's MORE THAN FOUR BUCKS AN OUNCE... I shouldn't have to resort to tricks in order for it to do its job.  Good-bye Debbie, hello Sally... maybe not really, but I needed an ending.
Although the product is stainless steel, the device is not well constructed. When you attempt to use the product it almost felt unstable when you align the lashes to the curler. It also did not have a curvature to it.  Perhaps if you already have long lashes this product would perform as expected.Product Made in China.
Sorry, but the handle holes for your fingers are to small and I am a small person. Could not use and was unreturnable.
I am very disappointed in this mini curler. The idea is better than the execution. It is hard to use and does not curl my lashes. I think it would work better if it was slightly curved. waste of money.
Did not do what it said it would, still have ingrown hair bumps. Waste of money, I would not recommend it to any one.
I usually buy the product from Sephora, but was looking for a better deal.  When the box arrived, it was damp and smelled funny.  when I opened it, I noticed that while the plastic seal was still attached to the lid--meaning it had not be opened previously--.  The product also had a funny smell from the liquid left in the box sort of like it was fermented or sour.  I do not think the product is authentic.  Sadly, I waited too long to return it and so now, I am stuck with an inauthentic, defective product.  I'm back to Sephora as I learned my lesson.
I only bought a small pack, thankfully, but I have a deep ingrown hair that's in a sensitive spot, so I thought that these pads would be perfect. Unfortunately they did more bad than good; not only did the pads not eliminate the ingrown hair that I've had problems with, but they damaged the surrounding skin which scabbed up afterwards. My sister also tried one out and said that it did not work for her either. I would NOT recommend this!
Complete waste of $30.  The seller of this product conveniently omits a major limitation on using it.  Bliss says, both on the box and on the jar itself, that you should use these pads immediately after showering but NOT within 12 hours of shaving.  (Or within 24 hours of waxing.) They will sting and irritate your skin.  So if you shave in the shower, or shower and then shave, apparently you just can't use them.  I wouldn't have purchased them if I had realized this as I generally shave almost every time I shower, but once they were here, I figured I'd give them a shot and maybe using them a couple of times a week would make a difference.I followed the directions, but found the product incredibly irritating to my skin anyway.  Within a couple minutes of using these pads, I had to jump back in the shower to wash this junk off my skin because it itched like crazy.  My skin is still all irritated half an hour later.  If you have sensitive skin, this is not the product for you.Also, the jar arrived shrink wrapped, but was nonetheless leaking.  Gross!
I thought this is suppose to condition the skin to help prevent ingrown hair, yet the minute I used it on my legs all the pores became red and irritated, it took days for my legs to recover!
Never worked for me. Payed 30 bucks and it actually made me break out even more! I like the smell of the stuff and the cool sensation it leaves but it just didn't work for me.
I bought this at my local Whole Foods because I was in desperate need for a new moisturizer that wasn't full of chemicals. I used it for a week and thought it was really great. After a week, my skin started to turn red and splotchy. I was also using the night cream and did not have the same reaction.This moisturizer sits on your skin--it doesn't absorb at all, which is unfortunate. Because of this, my skin is still dry from the winter.I would hope that for $27.00 a tube, that this moisturizer was a better product. Unfortunately, that is not the case.
L'Occitane used to offer a really wonderful true lavender eau de cologne, which unfortunately has been discontinued.  This is no replacement:  it is combined with various other essences which create a muddled scent that retains no characteristics of the lavender I loved.  I will not buy it again.
Don't waste you money!  Old stock.  I've learned my lesson not to buy budget perfumes.  They do have a shelf life.
Doesn't come out fast enough for me to use. I even tried putting it on my brush but couldn't get enough out.
The spray dry shampoo products work better and are less messy. I had hopes for this one since it smells so good but the powder mixed with my oily hair at the end of the day and weighed it down.  I will be returning it for a refund. The Furterer and Klorane products are superior.
I've been duped; the word cr&egrave;me implies cream or a think consistency.  This is fine cornstarch type powder with mica in it.  I get the same benefits using this product as I do using Lavender scented baby powder which costs about $4.00 and has about 300% more product.  So I paid over $25 for a little tiny container of baby powder plus mica, I'm so embarrassed. Worst of all, I can't get it to come out of it's little applicator so I have to shake it onto my hand, like baby powder and work into my roots. And yes, I did take it out and cleared the tube of the powder, but for the price of this product you'd think that the packaging itself would be quality. This is by far the least satisfying online purchase I've ever made Online.
I was disappointed that this light moisturizing emulsion did not absorb well against my skin. It made my face greasy after fifteen minutes of application. On several occasions, I developed couple itchy bumps on my face.  When I squeezed the tube, I could see oil separating from the rest of the emulsion. To prevent this, I find that I need to shake the tube before use. I do not recommend this product.I've used Nuxe's Creme Prodigieuse in the past and find that to be comfortable and light on combination skin as it absorbs well.
I can't believe that this product has gotten such positive reviews. I consider it my worst purchase ever.First, I bought the refillable compact, thinking I could use it for loose powder that I have. Well, given the bizarre way that the compact is made--with holes in the base--this is not possible.So, I thought, I'll keep the compact but order the pressed powder that is made to go with it. So, I did.Well, the pressed powder that is made for the compact doesn't fit it--the sponge is too large for the sponge area, and the pressed powder is ridiculously small (about a thimblefull) for the area where it goes, so it rattles around in there and gets damaged. Plus, the powder is flat and dull--no sparkle or illumination at all.So, I've wasted almost $30 on both the compact and the powder. And, I threw away the packaging for the compact, so Amazon won't take it back. The powder came from another company, but I don't know what their return policy is.Take my advice: buy another type of powder and compact. This one is a joke.
I bought this about 2 months ago and mine is already broken in half. The middle piece that actually holds the powder foundation is now detached from the entire compact! Before it actually broke, the compact wouldn't even close. I am very disappointed!
This product is not cheap but the feel and quality feels really cheap. I have not used it because I do not like how it feels. So light and cheap quality.
Do not purchase this product.  When you take the cap off the brush, you cannot put the cap back on.  The brush is always out because it fans out and you cannot recap it.  The product is listed as retractabe, but did not retract.  DO NOT PURCHASE, WASTE OF MONEY!\
I purchased several Stila #5 brushes a few years ago (many I'm still using) and like several of the previous reviewers noted, the brushes had very large brush heads.  For me, that was a good thing.  One sweep and I was done. I didn't feel it was too big, but just right for a nice all over color wash.  These new brushes I just received are only about 50-60% of the size of my other Stila #5. So, if you're looking for the old standard Stila #5 brushes, these are not it.  If you found the old brushes too big, then you might love these.  I was just disappointed because I was wanting the Stila #5, same as what I already own, so this wasn't really what I was expecting.
i slept in them.  they pressed against my pupil and made my vision blurry when i woke up.  the band needs to be adjustable so the part against your eyes won't press too hard.
For the brand name, I thought this would be an excellent product.  Was I in for a disappointment!! For as expensive as it was, I was expecting a quality item.  It is very small, better for a child than an adult, except the flimsy rubber-band like attachment to put around the head makes it unsafe for a child to use and too tight and easily breakable for an adult.  As a nurse, I see safety issues with this product and am disappointed that Amazon would sell such an inferior item.  This is the FIRST negative review I have ever given on any Amazon product I have bought (which is many), that tells you how bad it is.  Do NOT waste your money on this.
This eye mask is not advertised or priced correctly. It should NOT be priced at 13 dollars. That amount is essentially a robbery as this product has turned out to be laughably useless. How is it that the gel pouch could break and leak its contents after only 1 use? Amazon management: Where's the quality control here? Are there no standards in business anymore? No business deserves to profit from manufacturing such a poorly made and fragile product. Why didn't you say it was single-use and disposable? Is it because then people wouldn't pay 13 dollars for it?A small, stupid and minor inconvenience but still yet another of a myriad of examples of why our country's economy and working and middle class are suffering: we are constantly underpaid and sold low-value products with slick advertising. Guess that's the American way...
These are very small eye pads with very little gel.  If you are not careful, all the gel will go to one eye patch as it can travel back and forth between the two.I would have sent them back but there is nothing defective, they are just very small and I doubt they would hold heat or cold for very long.
This product reminds me of the disappointing low quality crap that you win at a carnival when you throw a nickel into a plate and it doesn't bounce out.  Just pathetic, don't waste your money on this junk.
This is probably better for those with short hair and that have no reason to disturb their hair at all. By that I mean it has very little hold and even the sweat from your palms or the wearing of a hat will diminish what little hold it had.You wouldn't want to touch your hair anyways with this stuff because it makes you feel gross. Sticky/greasy.Doesn't even smell nice.
Pink shimmer. I love stila products, but this one seems like water on my face. Would not recomend for any one or. buy again.
Way to shimmery!! Defintely not a great highlighter. Use a lighter concealer instead. Does not blend into makeup, waste of money!
I bought the BL foundation and top coat. They chipped and peeled quickly. I tried them a few times, each time modifying my application technique. No matter, they just didn't last. And the foundation does indeed streak, just like other nude colors. When I tried to return them, Amazon told me I can't return "hazardous materials." Great. $34.04 down the drain.
This product is very disappointing. It can not be worn on it's own as it has no shine what so ever. it does not protect the nails at all and quite frankly i felt my nails got weaker using it. what a waste of good money.
I'm happy for the people on here that have raved about this product, but sadly, I can't say that I share their glowing recommendations.  This product did absolutely nothing for me.  I, too, fight that constant cuticle growth issue, and thought this product would be an awesome time-saving tool.  Unfortunately, after painting on the thin layer, waiting 2 minutes, and then attempting to gently push and brush away the removed cuticles, I found that the only thing I was removing was the dried product.  I purchased this product at Nordstrom's, and am grateful for their amazing return policy!
Product is nice and I love the line. however this one I had to return or get my money back the product shipping and contentes weren't in good shape
I let the seller know that the product arrived damaged and part of the gel was lost because of that. The seller told me they would refund a partial amount via email and I still have not received the credit. The seller only wrapped this item in brown paper, three bottles, and two arrived with broken pumps and a big mess in the box. I like the product but did not like the fact that two are not usable and I will have to use the one pump on all three bottles and lost a third of the product.
I ordered 4 and every bottle leaked. There's basically not much packing material to protect the products. Just thrown in and stuff some paper inside the shipping box. Now I've to clean every bottle before I store it. Not recommended unless better packing or you might end up soap in a box.
It doesnt smell good to me. So I don't use it anymore.
This product did absolutely nothing. I do not recommend that anyone purchase this. I think the only good part of this cream is the smell. Other then that keep your money. I wish i can get a refund.
I Have been using this for several weeks along with the day time cream and there has been no change
This is is a terrible product.  I put the Fat Girl Sleep cream over my entire body before going to bed.  When I woke up I was still fat, and the odor was quite bothersome.  Needless to say, this product does NOT work, and I would NOT recommend it to any of my fat friends.
I used this exactly as directed and saw absolutely no change! Expensive and useless!!!! Wish I could give it no stars!
I just opened this product today and there is a sticker on top of the box containing the product but not the bottom.....and they open the same way so having a sticker on top is almost pointless. This also has random stains on the glass case and the cap and since it wasn't sealed inside I'm not even sure I want to apply it to my face at all.
I did not have a good experience with this product. I used it weekly for 6 weeks. Each week I noticed more flaws than I had the week before. My pores seemed larger, my skin looked less even, the faint freckles/sun spots became increasingly more noticeable. I will say, my skin felt softer. Overall I'm disappointed and am hoping the effects are not permanent.
Very light colored, shimmery and sticky feeling compared to my other Stila lip glosses. Also, the brush would not stay pointed, it frays out. Not happy with it at all.
Did not like this eyeliner. It went on roughly and unevenly. I had to try to fill in the gaps which made it worse.
The product arrived with a damaged lotion bottle.  Lotion covered the entire product.  I called the company the next business day.  They were apologetic, and said they were going to send another kit to replace the damaged one within 7-10 business days.  It has been over a month with no new kit.  I have not been able to get in touch with them since.
Color looked great but it peels and chips fast. I can make my other nail polish brands (OPI, Essie, and Zoya) last beyond a week without chipping even after doing housework/dishes. This particular color is metallic so not sure if it was the reason it didn't last but I was very disappointed considering this bottle cost me 3x the price of my Zoya nail polishes.
Why put up a picture of the wrong color?  I have almost the exact color that came, so thanks for that.  The name is right but the color is wrong - so now I have a useless item.
I bought this product expecting the quality to exceed OPI. I was incredibly disappointed. This polish looks nice at first but it chips the first day its on, even with an anti-chip top coat. I finally had to write a negative review today when I opened the bottle I bought about three months ago to find it has congealed into a gummy substance that is impossible to paint on. I'll save my money and buy OPI products that last longer on the nail and in the bottle.
I had heard a youtube reviewer that loved this product-so I purchased to go along with my yellow graduation dress. However, this color required a base coat of yellow in order to show up as a decent yellow color. It didn't chip easily, however.
I bought this for my wife and the Nail polish arrived lumpy and crusty.  She loves the color but it will not go on smooth.
This is not the color I received - after researching the name was right but the picture was wrong - I wanted the color in the picture...
This product arrived 1/4 empty with a big melted down spot in the middle of the black plastic lid.  $20 is a lot for this item that is clearly defective.  Please send a decent product.
Impossible to take off and looks quite childish, so not worth the price. Future buyers beware! i would not buy this again.
Queen Vic is NOT a coral color, it is more a purplish maroon.Butter London is excellent though.  The colors are not correct on the website.
This is the fifth bottle fo Butter I have purchased and the $15 price tag, while I feel is worth it for the 3 free and amazing color palette choices, there is just no justification to purchase any more polish the chips away at the tips in less than 24 hours. I will use all the willpower I can muster not to purchase another fabulous color only to be dissappointed when I must remove it a day after application, sorry Butter, you will need to improve before I spend another $15.
I have used.this brand before and I like it very much.  My problem with this selection is that the color shown on the web site is completely different from the sctusl color.  The color on the web is a medium orange red, while the real color is a dark purple.
This product chips. I LOVE the color but does not stay on for long at all even with a top coat.
The polish I received looked nothing like the picture.  It is a gold sparkle polish, which if you are looking to buy would be fine but I was looking for a pink sparkle polish.  I thought maybe just the wrong picture got put up so I went to the Butter London site and this is their description of the polish - Tart With A HeartWho says pink glitter can't be girly AND sexy?! This pale pink parade of glitter carries a dash of grey to tone down the sugar and ramp up the spice.The bottom of my polish says "Tart With A Heart" but there is nothing pink about it, I'm very disappointed in what I receveived.
I bought the Butter London nail lacquer in British Racing Green and yes, the colour does look just like that of a classic MG roadster.That's the good news: all of it.The bad news is fourfold:1. It goes on VERY streaky, the streakiest polish I've ever used. It's hard to tell if that's the fault of the product or...2. ...the brush, which is very low quality and very splitty.3. It starts to chip almost immediately.4. For a company that promotes itself as eco-conscious, there is excess packaging with the double plastic cap. That big black rectangle you see in the picture is just an unnecessary cover to a small round cap the size of the actual opening.
I bought this brand of polish because of the healthier ingredients. I also bought the base and top coats by Butter London ($29.99 for both) and followed exact instructions. I used a base coat, 2 coats of polish and top coat. Less than 24 hours later, it's chipped dramatically all over. Unfortunately, I can't return these products because of Amazon's return policy of hazardous materials i.e. nail polish.
Butter by London Aston is very dry and cracks so easily.  I loved the color but it chipped in one day even with top coat.  Do not recommend this shade because the polish is so hard. A shame because the color is so pretty.
this is really a very pale peachy color that looks like little kids pretend polish on my nails.  Thought it was more salmony-coral.
I was so excited to get this color because it's my favorite one, but when it was shipped to me, the nail polish had already dried inside the bottle and I wasn't able to use it.
I was excited to try a  &#34;healthy&#34; nail polish. I'm not sure if we are getting old polish or a knock off or what but it is awful. Both my sister in law and I ordered and it is streaky and chalky. I seriously can't stand it.
I bought this nail polish with high hopes with reviews and seeing it in a magazine.  So i ordered the base, top, this pink, and disco bisquit.  I loved the colors, but they peeled off within one day!!!  and not just a little chip, and entire layer.  I tried without the base coat, same thing.  Tried to return it, and they don't accept returns.....very unsatisfying considering how much I spent!
The color looks so great, but for a couple hours and then large chunks of the polish just fall off.  This is the worst polish I have ever used.  I used it once, and now I am just throwing it away.  Not only was it just HORRIBLE, but after there were just little pieces left on my nails, when I went to take the little bit off that was still on, it was actually really hard to get off the part that stuck as well as my nails were permanently colored.Unbelievable.  Just amazing that this is even a polish that sells.
I heard Butter nail polish was all the rage. Every magazine I read there's another page about nails and another bottle of Butter Nail Polish they are promoting. So I wanted to try it. I picked out Teddy Bear a nice pink not too sheer not to bright. Like a pop of pink.It came quickly in the mail and I was so excited to try it. So I did my nails...The product goes on very weird not like regular nail polish at all. The first coat leaves streaks, the second coat you cover the streaks but there are still streaks left....By the time I got to 3 coats I was whoa I may need to do it one more time but thats 4 coats of just nail polish.... So after 3 coats I put a good top coat on. When my nails dried i still could still see those faint streaks. The nail polish lasted about 4 days without a chip after that it was peeling off b/c i had so many layers on my nails. I'm NOT happy I purchased this nail polish It was VERY EXPENSIVE for a nail polish &  I can not return it. If I could give this product no stars I would. So one star for the pretty color but that's it.DON'T BELIEVE THE HYPE SURROUNDING THIS POLISH.... DO NOT BUY THIS, Trust me YOU WILL BE DISAPPOINTED!!!  READ THE OTHER REVIEWS.... MOST ARE JUST LIKE MINE
I'm not sure if there's some &#34;special&#34; way to apply this product, but I can't say I'm as impressed with this as everyone who told me to purchase this.  The end result is this goes on in dry streaks - I'd get better results with coverage if I used plain chalk.Can't recommend this at all.
I've never felt so ripped off in my life. You would think that by paying $15 for a luxury brand of nail polish, you wouldn't get an expired, old bottle of off-color polish that isn't worth a single cent. I ordered this polish in Trout Pout and have used $1 polishes with better quality than this. Please do not order anything from this brand online or on Amazon, and at least try a bottle out and buy at a store instead of taking a risk by buying online. I'll never order anything from this brand again. Hope others wisen up and do the same.
I was so disappointed in these gloves.  They are difficult to get on and off and left my hands a bit numb.
I have combination skin and didn't notice any difference in blemishes with this product.  In fact, I thought my skin might be worse off after using it.  I did by the Juice Beauty moisturizer and loved it - this product, not so much.
I was really hoping this serum would work.  I've been trying to switch to organic products after using harsher acne treatments for years.  This actually made my face produce more oil.  I have breakouts now across my forehead, a place a never broke out in the past.For my oily skin I need something stronger I guess.  I've gone back to ProActiv, it is clearing my skin very quickly, but, as I've experienced in the past, it tends to be very drying.
Loved the product!  Was disappointed that the sender did not package it right and it showed up in a broken jar.
I've used this product twice, just to make sure the first time wasn't a fluke. I've used many bentonite-based clay mask before and never had a problem, but this made me ill. My skin burned, and the second time I got a bad headache in my sinuses that lasted 24 hours. And yes, I washed it off within the 5 minutes recommended. Looking at the ingredients, I don't see anything obvious that I would be allergic to, but maybe it's just the "fragrance", whatever it is. And, no, I'm not seriously chemically sensitive, not that I've noticed. But this product makes me ill, and I won't be using again. I just wish I didn't have a mostly full tub of it sitting in my bathroom.
No Sponge comes with it.The &#34;Customer Questions & Answers&#34; parts are misleading. The seller says that the answers for that section are not from them.The customer services is not friendly and it is slow.
I bought this because of the good reviews. I hope this mask can help me with my mild small acnes, and I used it three times, the result is horrible. I got more acnes and my faced turned red. My skin is not that sensitive, I mean, generally I have no problem using any other products, but this one bring me acnes disaster. So be careful if you have sensitive skin. I throw this mask away, and it really a waste of money.
I received a used Products when received and unable to returned.  But the reseller saying I opened it and used it
I placed a order a week and half ago. I know its probably awsome product. i cant wait to get it in the mail. I can't wait to try it.
this product was old and bad condition. i think it was expired a long time ago-it could not use it.
I have to wonder why the regular 8.5 oz size of this product is $10 LESS than a 2 oz travel size.  That makes no sense.
one broke.....was really dissapointed when that happened!  I placed them in the refrig for 5 minutes prior to using them (per the tip on the package).  Had them on for 15 mintues...nothing happened while on and nothing happened when I took them off!!! absolutely nothing!!!!  Still puffy :(
instead of eye mask.....they sent me three set skin set - cleanser tone and some other crap. Again it was too troublesome to send it back halfway across the world! So well no more BLISS orders!!!
I read so many good reviews, that I thought it had to be another great L'Occitane cream.  Wrong!  While initially it smells wonderfully, and feels ok, once you put it on, you'll see it feels slightly sticky, not really moisturizing.  I looked at the first three ingredients and was shocked to see alcohol, glycerin, and water!  Wait, no oils, no butters??  It basically evaporates from your skin, leaving it feeling dried out from the alcohol, not moisturized at all.  Hated this product and wanted my money back immediately.  L'Occitane keeps canceling its creams that actually work.  I just tried Alba (all natural and less than $15), and I'm so much happier.  Sorry L'Occitane, you just lost a customer that's been with you for years.  You've commercialized your product to the point where I no longer want it at any price.
I have a medium toned nice skin. When I red good reviews I thought I will give it a try. Every time I used it my skin broke out. The packaging looked interesting but after 7-8 uses the pump does not work anymore. Just 1 star from me.
Someone else left a similar review, and I'm writing this so that it will maybe prevent someone else from wasting money. I have very sensitive skin, so I wanted to try this. I had lots of problems with it though.1. Didn't cover very well2, made my skin appear dry once applied, but my skin wasn't. So it looked terrine because it would blend.3. Made my skin oily within a few hours.4. Broke my skin out more.It was a waste of money. Maybe it works for others, but not me. I've now switched to pressed power foundations. They seem to be working better for sensitive skin, and control oil better. But I have a half a bottle of this stuff left, and I feel like I wasted almost $40
It took forever to get my order.  Then when it arrived, I didn't use it immediately, because I was finishing up another bottle.  When I did begin to use it, the spray apparatus was defective.  It was beyond the 30 days, and the company would not honor me with another bottle.  This was infuriating to me.
It's a completely waste of money when I could have used it to buy a polish instead. I wish I had known that when I had bought it initially. It works great, don't get me wrong, just it's basically rubbing alcohol that was dyed pink! I could make the same primer with an empty nail polish bottle for around $2, if that! If you want a primer for your nails just use rubbing alcohol.
I am having a hard time understand why this stain has so many wonderful reviews. This was a waste of money for me and I gave it so many chances, just because I didn't understand why a product with so many great reviews was always so horrible for me.Application wise, it comes out slowly and then all of a sudden and gives you too much. For a cheek stain, it comes on super strong and dark even with a little...it's been very hard for me to get the application down. For a lip stain, it went on fine, but dries you out completely. Mine even fell into the cracks of my lips (my natural cracks, not because of chapped lips) and that color contrasted with what didn't set it...not sure if that was explained well, but it was an odd thing I had never seen from a lip gloss/stain before and made my lips look awful.I have not had one happy moment with this product and it has left me frustrated and confused. I'm usually pretty good at applying makeup/stains, but this one just made me look/feel like a 5 year old trying to put on make up.
I jave tried ordering this lip stain from Amazon three times. Unlike the Stilla lip stains I buy at Ulta, this drys out/runs out after a couple of disappointed. I have never given anything one star, but this product was a let down.
Disappointed. Again. Sorry, but I still have yet to find a lip color that does what it says it will. This will go in my pile with the rest of'em.
Very disappointing, the color was okay, but the dispenser was useless the product was either old or the dispenser was faulty as the gloss never flows well. would not recommend this product.
While some Stila products are a must have- this one is not. This "stain" doesn't stain at all (I have it in two colors) and lasts less than an hour on. I have run-of-the mill lip glosses that last longer than these. These are a spendy item for not getting what you'd pay for. I'd say pass, there are far better products out there. Check out long-lasting gloss by Smashbox, that you'll get your money's worth!
This product is very wet when its applied. I have another stila lip gloss that is a little thicker. Its not for the cheeks however. So Im guessing if its for both, it has to be thin and wet. It fills like saliva on your lips when you first apply it... that's what I don't like. Once the product dries, you have to put a lip gloss over it because your lips will be so dry... Not at all what I expected and for the price... too much. You are better off with color lip gloss or lipstick with lip gloss over it. I'm keeping it because I used it. I will never buy this product again.
I was excited to try this powder given the positive reviews. I didn't even try it because when it arrived, the container looked half empty and the powder looked too dark to be &#34;translucent.&#34; Returning it.
Smells great, i like that it's organic.  However, my skin has never looked worse.  Red, blotchy, and it did nothing for pimples.  astromincally expensive for how bad it is.  Now using Alba Botanica and cannot say enough nice things about it.  Choose that instead!
Not to be a buzz-kill to the all natural front as I know there are some die-hards out there, but in the case of this wash it is just too overpriced for something that does very little. Yes, it seems to be non-drying and non-irritating to sensitive/oily skin, BUT so are products like Basis or Cetaphil - both common washes that dermatologists typically recommend because they too are gentle and non-irritating, and c-h-e-a-p-e-r. But to each his/her own. This wash will not expunge all of the makeup and dirt - you will have to use a towelette or pre-wash before you wash with this in order to get everything off your face. Or you may have to consider a toner of some kind after in order to eliminate any remaining makeup residue. Like another reviewer said, it's like water. There isn't much to it. Smells ok, lemon-esk to me. Otherwise, it isn't praise-worthy to me.****Sept UpdateAfter several months of use I've found the acne blemish kit - which includes this wash is completely unsuitable for sensitive skin. If you have ss, run far and fast from this particular line. Perhaps JB's other products are good, but this line left a sour taste so to speak. Ultimately it ravaged my face and I had to abandon the use. When I addressed this with JB they refused to refund me. Instead they line to encourage users to keep using it passed the 45 day refund period by saying it can take up to 2 months to see results. So buyer beware. Be prepared to be stuck with it if you hate it. They don't seem to care that it gave me blackheads, which I never had before, and caused the cystic acne to spread and swell. The purge is a marketing plow. There is no such thing. If you find it is irritating after 2 weeks stop using it. It is not the purge, unless you consider inflammation a purge. Company failed to back their product to my satisfaction.
I got a sample of this at the local Coop... As far as I am concerned, it's water. It did not bubble (good or bad, depends on whom you ask), but most importantly - it did not get through the makeup or oil on my skin - at all! I used it with Clarisonic and even then I had to rewash my face afterwards with a better cleanser. Not going to purchase this.
FYI: I was super excited about this face wash only to find out the distributer sent the more expensive serum. SMH
I bought this b/c it claimed to be organic and refreshing. However, it's been irritating my skin ever since the first spray. I waited 9 months to see if the irritation would stop, but no, every time I sprayed this on, my face felt sticky and my skin irritated. I don't know if this has anything to do with any of the ingredients.
Makes your face greasy.  This goes on white and thick...absorbs into skin within a few minutes, however, it leaves a greasy face.  Do not like this at all.....not worth the money!!!!
I had an allergic reaction to the hand cream, made my skin red, flaky, and itchy; and could not get a refund. That was money wasted.
Terrible. For the price there are way better creams. This one is very thin, doing almost nothing to protect your face. You can feel the razor pulling on the hair while you shave.
I bought this shaving cream as a "luxurious" gift to myself. It's very expensive, and usually I go for a more basic shaving cream. But, I had had a rough time, and I figured I deserved a little treat.I'm sorry to say, but I am very disappointed with this product. In my opinion, it is way overpriced, and does deliver on any of its promises. Let me summarise my complaint point-by-point:1) It's very thin. When you put it on your hand, it just slips through your fingers, almost like water2) It does NOT make facial hair soft (like a shaving cream is supposed to)3) The result: lots of razor burns, and the tube of so-called shaving cream only lasts two weeks.Men all over the world: I recommend you to look somewhere else for your shaving needs.
For soap this expensive it should last much long. No longer using any products from L'Occitaine due to major issues with quality control.
To be fair this is a nice soap, but for $22? I received this as a gift and liked it well enough, but when I saw the price I knew I'd never purchase it for myself. It was really no better or worse than cheaper soap.
The product arrived ok, but when trying to use it for the first time, the dispenser simply didn't work. I've had this product for many years but this is the first time it happens.It's not easy for me to return it, since I live outside the US and travel every 2 months to the states.
I bought this product a few weeks ago, and once a I oppened it I found out that it smeled as expired, insted of the creamy, soft, great smell body moisturzer I'm used to buy.  I don't know if it is a problem of the seller, if the product was exposed to a different temperature some time, or what.  I just know that I received it in that condition, and it has no expiration date written anywhere.  L'Occitane is a very good quality company, and I've been using those products for a long time without a problem.
It is not worth $20, I do not see the value of this shaving gel. I would not pay over $5 for it.
I love this product & have been using it for a couple of years. Unfortunately the tubes I received were either old or had been in a heated environment because the formula had separated and the oil shot across the kitchen whe I open it & the cream was curdled. This is my first product from Amazon Market Place that I was disappointed with & I will continue to use their partners.
I have used this product before and it worked well and really improved my nails. Unfortunately the last 3 tubes I have purchased were nothing but a thin clear liquid that did nothing but spill out like water. the first tube I sent back, but unfortunately the next tube was still defective. It had some cream at the top, but the rest was a thin liquid. I also gave two away as gifts and they were both also just a thin watery liquid.
I have been shaving with a brush for many years and recently purchased the L'Occitane Cade Shaving Cream.  Contrary to the description on this page, it does not lather at all.  I went to the local L'Occitane store and asked them about it, and they said it did NOT lather.  Only their shaving soap in a bowl lathers.  This is one of the worst shaving products I ever purchased.
This cream is very expensive and its performance simply fails to justify the cost. The company's website says you can work the cream up into a lather. Good luck with that. There are plenty of alternatives for half the price that are as good or better. I'm using Clinique M shave gel and it is the best I've found ($17 retail). Clinique's shave healer after shave cream is also quite good and also relatively inexpensive.
Scent is soooo light and does not seem to clean any better or with any benefits that the $3 alternative provides
The smell... Not so great. I'll give it a second try, but it is too far from what I expect a shower soap to be
This is not really just Oil. It's Oil shower wash or something like that. You can't turn the shower off and dash a little oil on your body for moisture. It's soapy. Needs to be washed off and then leaves a little residue that feels a little like oil. And WAY fragrant. As in WAY too fragrant for me. I tossed it. :(
Buyer beware! If you drop this on a tile floor the container will break causing a thick slimy spill that is nearly impossible to completely clean. And if you happen to drop the container outside of your shower or tub (since all L'Occitane products are heavily scented) the aroma will last for weeks as well as being a slipping hazard. It's a shame that a purported luxury product would use cheap containers. I'm sure all of the other L'Occitane products in this type of container are as flimsy.
The product burnt my and my spouse's skin and we had to rush to the urgent care. It took almost 7 days to get back to normal... It's  horrible product and the customer service didn't seem to be bothered about it at all. They refunded my purchase but what about the inconvenience that it caused?
Everything went great until 24 hours after using it the first time. My arms broke out in this terrible rash :( it looks terrible! I am so surprised that  this product is not hypoallergenic, especially with how expensive it is. Plus I have never broken out from a product before, so my skin isnt that sensitive. Its been two days and my rash hasnt gone away yet.
Shipper was great.Product is too strong. I broke into a rash and was rushed to emergency room.I would not recommend this product to anyone.
Was very disappointed in the scent of this item.  Read reviews prior to ordering so was quite disappointed when I received this pricey item.  I would never buy again.
This brush is stiff and unusable. The person who designed this brush and selected the material does not use a brush for lathering.
My GF gave me this brush as a birthday present... and I am extremelly sad because the brush was very expensive yet very badly built.- Hairs are stiff- The holed cap keeps falling when in "brush mode"- Hurts when I add pressureSeriously. Look for another brush.I mean it. Get yourself a Semogue or even the inepensiveTweezerman  Men's Shaving Brush. I am so disappointed because it was a Birthday present. At 35$ this shold be a great brush. Avoid it. Do yourself a favor and Avoid it.
I got this on clearance for half price about a year ago.  I love how it collapses down and it perfect for travel.However, the synthetic brush is stiff like a paint brush.  It is difficult to get the bristles to separate in order to make a lather.  If you press hard, the bristles bend and it is like trying to make lather with a floppy paint brush.I thought that if I kept using it, it would break down and soften up.  It never did.I'd recommend a cheap boar brush and a pill bottle that is big enough or zip lock bag for travel.
i have been using l'occitane shaving brush for 8 hrs or so, love it.  only flaw is that hairs would sometimes dislodge, but not a big deal.  recently, the brush broke out of the metal casing.  my wife bought a new one for me, and it is horrible!  the ends are prickly, stiff. and hurt.  i am now gluing my old one back together and will return the new one.  too bad, first bad experience with l'occitane.
I ordered the L'Occitane brush and found, as a two decade user of regular and travel shaving brushes, this product to be horrible. Hard, stiff to the point I purchased a drug store $8 boar brisle brush, which while poor, was superior to the $40 L'Occitane.
THIS PRODUCT WAS VERY DISAPPOINTING...I BOUGHT IT AS A GIFT BUT THE PACKAGING LOOKED VERY CHEAP AND THE SOAP DRIED OUT DUE TO ITS EXPOSURE TO THE AIR.....IT CERTAINLY WONT BE A GIFT AND WHETHER IT GETS USED OR NOT REMAINS UNCERTAIN. RARELY DO I FIND THIS TO BE WITH AMAZON.
I ordered because I'd received a sample of this Immortelle cream that was everything I'd been looking for in a cream.  The sample was rich, hydrating, felt great going on and smelled great.  My skin was hydrated, glowing and smooth the morning after the sample.The jar of this cream produced none of these things.  It isn't very hydrating, isn't rich and doesn't smell wonderful.  Texture is not like the sample and my skin the next morning is not smooth and moist.  I will not be ordering again.May work OK as a layer, but won't do the job on its own.  Very sad.
I don't know if I got an old one or if they are supose to be this way but this felt exactly like a dry candle stick and didn't work at all.
I agree with the previous reviewer - this product has the consistency of candle wax.I love other L'Occitane products and was anxious to try the lip balm.What I found is that it is definitely not worth $10 - or even $2.The "balm" is as stiff and unforgiving as $.99 ChapStick. Not soothing and impossible to 'smooth' onto your lips.Even Burt's Bees is creamier - and that isn't saying much.So far I've had the best luck with a $3 tube of Nivea balm from Target.Save yourself $7 and a lot of frustration.
I have a lip balm by this company that I just LOVE....but this new product was awful....hard, like trying to rub a candlestick on your lips!  The product in a silver tube (which I was told was a previous version) was soft and smooth and healing, just wonderful.  I contacted the company directly and they won't do anything because I purchased this from Amazon.  They said I probably got a "bad batch"......never again!!  It would not allow me to submit with NO stars, so I had to give it 1.
I tried this with high hopes that it would be a great night time balm since it has no spf, no heavy scent, no odd taste. Except this turned out to have the worst taste in a lip balm I've tasted in a long time. The taste was so badly unexpected that it didn't register at first that the odd chemical taste came from the lip balm. So I applied it again, yes, the terrible taste was the balm.Now, I will admit that hey, maybe the problem with the taste is just me, or maybe just this one tube of lip balm.... but, the hard consistency of the stick, with the high price tag, nah... nothing special enough here to get me to keep trying.
I had to throw this product away the first day I received it.... yes, I threw 10 bucks in the waste basket. I am extremely dissapointed. Rubbing this L'Occitane Baume on my Levres was like rubbing on a glue stick, that gunk stayed on for hours and the sticky film would not come off.Please do not spend your money on this, try Nivea's Essential Lip care it's much cheaper and it's the quality I thought I would get with this very Drying Lip Balm Shhtick.
I used the travel size of this product a few years ago in a hotel in Utah and fell in love with it. I loved the smell and the texture of my hair after using it. So I brought the bottle home (along with a couple extras that the nice cleaning lady gave me on my last day at the hotel). I kept one of the travel size ones, so I made a side by side comparison when I got this product from Amazon. I feel extremely let down by L'Occitane. This "full size" product is VERY VERY watered down, the smell is very weak and doesn't last even two minutes beyond the shower and, in spite of the "Ultra Rich" label, it does not condition my dry hair in any noticeable way. Do not waste your money on this product. It is not worth the price and it is not what it used to be a few years ago.
Looked opened, and like it had been in the heat perhaps (a really strange sandy consistency with separated oil), I just threw it away.
The smell was just awful, and I've tried other products from this line before, which smell wonderful.  I ordered 2 bottles to get the free shipping, and they both smelled terrible.
I tried to like it but it didn't work out.  The honey and lemon scent doesn't work well in this form.
This product is not like the other shower creams that I have used.  It does not suds very well and doesn't smell as nice as the Lavander shower cream that I had before.  I don't care for it at all.  I also bought one for a gift and now I'm sorry I did.  It's just not the same.
L'Occitane Shea Butter Ultra Moisturizing Care SPF 15 was recommended for my skin type in Dr. Leslie Baumann's book The Skin Type Solution. This reformulated version is definately not as moisturing as the original for me. The added titanium dioxide may make it a better sun screen but I find it drying to my skin. And I feel like I am wearing kabuki makeup as it is also less readily absorbed. It may well be a good sunscreen product but don't count on the same moisturizing effect as the original.
I ordered this for a birthday gift on Oct. 22 on the Amazon web site.  The birthday party was Nov. 10, 2010.Today is November 23, 2010, and still this product has not arrived.  I contacted the shipper directly and they cannot tell me what happened tothe box after October 26.  Very frustrated and I will not buy from Beauty Bridge again!!!!!!!!
This product arrived without a celephane overwrap.  When I pulled it out ofthe box, I wound up with rice powder all over my lap and bed linens, not to mentionup my nose.
I can't take some really strong fragrances. This really bothered my alergies.
This hand cream is nothing special...L"Occitane is suppose to have superior products but I ended up going back to my Curel & Goldbond for my dry hands because this product was a bit too greasy for my liking and did not work as well as some less fancy hand creams.
I generally love L'Occitane and have purchased a lot of different products from them and have been happy. This gel, however, was a disappointment and a half. I am quite healthy, not allergic to anything, and have put my usually sturdy skin through many a product, many of them questionable, and never had a reaction. But after using this shower gel for 3 days when out on vacation, I became extremely photosensitive - something that has never happened to me before even though I am quite outdoorsy and have spent quite a bit of time in the sun. Photosensitivity is basically a sun allergy that expresses itself as an extremely unattractive and highly visible skin rash every time you go out in the sun.  And I am certain it's this shower gel. I did not eat anything I don't normally consume, was vacationing a place with safe water, and the rash came out everywhere but my face - the only place I didn't use this soap on. The allergy went away two or three days after I stopped using the soap, but I nevertheless went through quite an ordeal. HIGHLY UNRECOMMENDED, whether you have sensitive skin or not.
This is the 2nd plastic container that has cracked after a short normal use period.  Since you have to squeeze the container to get the lotion out this is a big problem.
Ordered two of these - one for me and one for a present - all you read about them they're supposed to smell wonderful - but frankly give me Henri Bendel candles anyday - very disappointed in this candle!
they show it with a metal lid which is why I purchased it... all 4 came with no lid at all
This is the best product I have ever used !!!!!!!  I discovered it in a tiny store in Pittsford, NY which closed its doors last month. I was so pleased to find it on line. I have never had a product which made my 70+  skin look so good !!!!
I first received the L'Occitane Shea Butter Ultra Rich Body Cream as a gift. It is a very thick lotion and high quality. When I ran out I looked to Amazon to fill that need. However, when I received my package I noticed that my lotion was not sealed (no foil once you open the lid). I also noticed that it was not nearly as thick. Finally, I went to the L'Occitane store by my work and looked at the real thing in person. Yup, what I had was not even close to what the real thing looked and smelled like. I bought a real tub from the L'Occitane store. I just wanted to leave my feedback so you all are warned that this is not the real product. My best guess is that somebody took an empty container and filled it with a substitute moisturizer. Definitely not what you are paying for.
better if you take the shea butter instead of the creambaaaaaaaad smell and skin doesnt absorb iti am very addicted to loccitane shea butter it is more natural and soft and no fragrance
This is not the same as the one I bought in the store. I loved the one in the store, but this one is very watery. It does not smell as strong, does not absorb as well, and does not make my skin feel the same.  Very disappointing.
This product has always been my favorite as a body lotion. It's not very thick, it's just right. You do not get the oily feeling as with some of the other body lotions but your skin feels very soft and manageable.
Hi To AllOnly second review EVER. This product is NOT rich. I have thickness hair and thought i would try this product. Feels rough after i wash. I have to use top of line Keratase conditioner to counter the rough NON-silky feeling left with this product. I could have gone to Walmart and bought suave if i wanted that texture.
I have tried two different types of LOccitane products and had never been happy with it.Expected lots of good result due to famouse hand lotionall are not soft at all and ended up my hair starts to be spilitwhich was going to be really bad and not recovered at all.(for your reference my hair is damaged)No matter what kinds of hair this product for i would not recommend.i would recommend that if you really want your hair to be soft and shiny you better use some product thatis famouse for only hair such as Kerasts or Sisley
I bought this palette for the birthday of a friend. This one doesn't talk & doesn't work. I think I'll send you this item back.
This product arrived without the oil.  I did not realize that I was supposed to make a separate purchase in order to get the oil!!!
This "fluido" caused me a great allergy and my eyes were swollen almost completely shut. I had to run to the doctor and he prescribed me a powerful anti allergy so I could return to normal.Stay tuned!Too bad!This product deserves zero stars.