My Hands over all felt great but I noticed if I didnt reapply my Cuticles were very, very dry and hard.I am a Ahava Fan. I have used the Ahava Foot cream for years and there is nothing better. When the Mud line came out I had to try it, but I would suggest you try the Classic as it works SOOO much better.
I've been looking for something to help with my flaky skin on parts of my face where my Eczema flares up.  This not only made my eczema flare back up, but it also made my skin more dry with more flakes.  If you have really sensitive skin,(allergy prone) don't get this.  My guess is the fragrance caused it.
I have pretty bad bags under my eyes so I was hoping for something that could help in any way. After a month of (almost) daily use, I feel pretty confident in saying this stuff doesn't work.I would honestly prefer putting cold cucumber slices over my eyes. That feels pretty nice and smells nice too.If I had to find something nice to say about 911, it is odorless and slightly cooling. It's also probable that my baggy eyes are beyond any kind of help; but if I ever find something that does work, I'll update this post. For now, I'll go back to cucumbers.
I really wanted to like these. They smell great and seem to moisturize decently but after about a week I developed a rash. After two bars I switched back to my old body wash and it cleared up.
Nothing great, didn't really meet my expectations for the price point. Plenty of other mens shampoo you could buy. I'll buy anthony's logistics for men before i buy this stuff.
There have been studies that indicate that parabens can cause cancer. It smells minty. The bottle looks different then they have in the photo. It uses a pump.
I have baby fine hair but lots of it and it's about waist length. I am not on city water and have a well with water that is not softened. I mention this because I've found that with some shampoo, the water does matter. I've had my stylist use a shampoo on me that I loved in the salon (which is on city water) but didn't like as well once I used it at home.I used this shampoo 4 times and unfortunately every time it made my hair very "flyaway".....not frizzy exactly because I don't have enough curl in my hair for it to frizz but I found if I wanted to pull it up in a bun/ponytail, I had lots and lots of individual hairs that were unruly and wouldn't stay in the ponytail but sort of floated around my head and normally I don't have this problem with my other shampoos.Although I loved the scent - it was sort of a minty/botanical kind of smell, I would have had to use hairspray to keep it from floating/flyaways and I hate hairspray and only use it if I absolutely have to. I also tried using other styling products to reduce the flyaways but since my hair is fine, it doesn't take much before my hair seems weighed down.If you have hair that's not fine and have softer water then this might be a shampoo you'd like but it just wasn't for me.
This is pretty decent stuff, however, it's expensive and it's only a 10oz bottle. I thought I might like a nicer shampoo, but $16 for a 10oz bottle hardly seems worth it. I literally can't tell the difference between this and the $2 bottle of Suave Mens that I usually get.
I requested this shampoo from the Vine list because it sounded like an interesting alternative to some of the more floral smelling affairs I usually wind up with.  If we're looking simply at the shampoo itself . . . it's not too bad.  The mixture is a bit on the watery side, admittedly, but the smell is more mint or herbal in nature than floral or some kind of fake fruit smell.  It lathers up fairly well, though I wind up having to use more of it to wash my long hair fully.  While it washes out well enough, my hair doesn't feel particularly soft afterwards, and I certainly couldn't get by without a decent conditioner. Overall, I think individuals looking for a no-nonsense shampoo that caters to their particular tastes will like the shampoo itselfMy bigger issue is the packaging.  The blue cylindrical bottle  with the press down dispenser looks like a generic soap bottle.  There's nothing particularly appealing about the shape or label, and it's not going to attract customers with its clinical appearance.  But the appearance is hardly my full issue.  The black dispenser top DID NOT WORK.  Perhaps I simply never got it loosened correctly so that it could pump, but I fumbled with it for over ten minutes  the first time (in the shower) and the second time out of the shower to see what was wrong.  I still couldn't make it work.  So I've had to unscrew the lid and sort of dump the shampoo into my hands which is awkward and inefficient to say the least.  I don't know if this is a symptomatic problem with these dispensers, or if I happened to have a bad one, but I tend to think it might work better with a more traditional shampoo lid.Overall, this did not wow me.  It's a fine shampoo, but I'd like to see an improvement in the packaging.
Had high hopes for this shampoo, even though it's targeted at the male population.  And I like minty fragrance, but with this shampoo it's a bit of overkill.  Strongly peppermint that could just give you a headache.  That's supposed to wake you up in the morning I suppose.  Like the packaging and the convenient pump although I didn't find that this lathered particularly well, and like other reviewers have commented, it strips my hair.  Most definitely did not like the way my hair felt after shampooing with this.  Have very dry bleached hair, so I'm not going for squeaky clean.At this price point, and being a relatively small bottle, this shampoo is decidedly a no go.
I thought that theStila Illuminating Liquid Foundation, 10 Watts, 1 Ouncewould be better for me than my off-the-shelf foundation that I got at Walmart. The Stila foundation was on backorder, so I didn't get it with the rest of my shipment (which includedStila Illuminating Powder Foundation Refill, 10 Watts, 0.34 Ounce) I'd planned to wear the powder version over the liquid version. When I tried this, it looked too fake. I tried the liquid foundation alone with my Marutaki Rice Powder I got some time ago from the VT Country Store. Better, but still too shiny for my taste. I ended up sending it back.Right now I've decided to wear (in this order) moisturizer, the Stila Beauty Balm, my Walmart liquid foundation topped with the powder version of the Illuminating Foundation. I top everything off with the Marutaki Rice Powder because it gives a nice matte finish. Sounds like a lot, but it works and looks really natural blended well.
The product "Stila Illuminating Liquid Foundation" is incredibly watered down. Feels like you're putting paint on your face, as you actually feel it dripping down your skin as you apply. At the same time, it feels heavy and sticky once applied. That being said, I was quite surprised to see how flawless my skin looked after using it. But if you're looking for something that will wear all day, this isn't it.
For some reason, this doesn't work too well for me, it feels the same afterwards even when I put a thick layer over my face.My skin type is kind sensitive and dry, so that's why I got this kind instead of the green one, but I am really disappointed at this product. So, give a WARNING, try the smaller size one before you get this large size...
WHEN I PUT IT ON, IT DRIES AND FLECKS FLY INTO MY EYES AND IT HURTS VERY BAD! I WOULD USE TARTE INSTEAD, THIS IS NOT AS INTENSE OF A COLOR AND IT FLECKS OFF.
The product package was sticky. The color does not apply smoothly though it is quite water resistant. Get the L'Oreal Infallible instead. It's cheaper with a better application and it comes with a brush.
This eyeliner started off great. Looked beautiful and was very easy to apply....however, after only about a month or two it dried out. Now it is very difficult to apply. I actually bought this product in 3 different colors and all 3 did the same thing - dried out! Now I'm stuck with 3 pot eyeliners that are hard to apply because it's so dry and doesn't stick to my eyeliner brush. Overall, do NOT buy this product. Buy the Makeup Forever brand!
I love the original Smudge Pot that I bought as part of a set from Sephora years ago. Even though the black was half the size of this one it lasted for years without drying up (not exaggerating). When I first opened the package it was already dried out quite a bit and was difficult to apply. I'm not sure why since this should be the same product.Thinking about sending it back if possible
This is a beautiful color but this product dried out and doesn't work right. I will buy next time in a store and be sure I am getting the right thing.
This brush is okay.  It does the job but every time I use it some hairs fall out.  I Would never buy this one again.
The Pros ------------> This is a product that is unique to me.  I have never tried a water based foundation before.  I am impressed with how my skin looks after using this.  It has a nearly flawless look with no caking in my pores or laugh lines. The color I was sent must be a near universal color (Bisque #5) and it came  very close to matching my skin tone exactly.After working on stippling over my imperfection several times, my face looked very good.The feel of it going on is a little disconcerting, since it has a cold feel to it which must be the 'water' aspect of the product, but this quickly goes away.The Cons-------->Small amount (0.4oz. for  *at this time* over $50.00) - Large price.Nearly impossible to open container. I actually needed a sharp edged implement to get this to open. No directions come with it so you have no clue what to do.  It should be intuitive to open, but didn't open for me. Now I'm worried that this will dry out since I'm afraid to close it tightly.Container not compact.No application device comes with this, you must buy one of theirs or try to find a brush  (and not a large brush) that you might have hanging around.  This makes it awkward to carry in your purse. It also adds another expense to the already  high price.You are cautioned to use the companies 'primer' first so again, another added expense.This is NOT water-proof and will need to be reapplied during the day if you perspire or cry or are in the rain.  I wept a bit (I have dry eye) and found much to my chagrin, that tear tracks had streaked through this foundation.This will rub off on your clothing if you are not careful.It takes many layers to cover a non-perfect complexion. This will use up the product very quickly.
I have heard nice things about this foundation, so I jumped at the chance to try it. However, I can't get the darned thing open and there are no instructions included other than that the compact is designed with an airtight seal and to twist lock clockwise to close. Logic would dictate that I would do the opposite to get it open. Not so, in this case. Perhaps the case is faulty on this particular compact.Short of taking a hammer to it, I'm not sure what my other options are. I could take it to a Vincent Longo counter, I suppose. All I have to do is find one close to me. Seems like a lot of trouble, though.
First complaint is that it doesn't come with a sponge. I don't know if this is a refill or what because I couldn't really determine from the listing.  Also, the color is decieving.  I have pretty light skin and this was too light.  It felt really cool going on, literally, cold which I actually really liked. It's expensive for the amount you get. I didn't use it longer than a week but couldn't see it lasting a month and I don't know about you but I don't need new foundation every month. Then again I don't really cake it on either. Overall, too expensive for what you get but the &#34;cold&#34; feeling when it goes on it kinda neat.
First off, why isn't this a compact?  People are on the go, and who always has the luxury of sitting down with this and laying out all the tools that are suggested to be used with it?  Vincent Longo, the Australian makeup artist who created this cosmetic line, advises using his brush or his sponge and first applying his primer.  All to the tune of over $100.00!  That's absurd.  At this price point, this cream to powder foundation - a mere .4 oz. by the way - just didn't cut it.  In the past have used Lancome, L'Oreal, Cover Girl and NYX brand (which duplicates many MAC products).Have good skin with some redness around the nose and discoloration in the eye area that I routinely even out with foundation.  Found the coverge to be poor, and maybe I could have done with a lighter shade?  Review is for BISQUE, and usually use Ivory/or Porcelain shades.  However, from reading various reviews believe there is a learning curve before acquiring optimal results.  However, not even a mirror or sponge included?  You can buy yourself the Vincent Longo sponge for $8.50 which sounds exorbitant (or like extortion).  Who jumps at theses prices?  Regularly use foundation that costs under $10.00 that is undetectable even in daylight and much more effective.  Nix.
I recently tried several Jouer products after seeing a number of beauty vloggers talking about the brand. The color was a very bright, pastel pink, like Barbie pink. For me, (I'm fair with dark hair and eyes) it wasn't the most flattering color.The formulation was the real disappointment though as it settled immediately into my lip lines (I'm 33 and don't normally have that problem) and the wear time was a joke.  It was practically gone in two hours without eating or drinking anything.
I purchased this nail polish because I watched an interview on Martha Stewart with the designer.  The color appears a irredescent grey in the bottle is not grey at all whey applied. More like a sheer purplish pink.
This product appeared to be a positive alternative to the main stream retail brands and did appear to work in the initial two to three weeks.However, under the test of mild stress I had a break out worse than I have had all this year. I have oily skin with the occasion moderate breakout / open pores but nothing like when I used this product and the price compounded the matter.I think it would be more useful investing in your internal health rather than external e.g.) Colon and Liver, reassess your diet and maybe Fiberzon (Amazon Herbs) or the three day apple diet.
This face wash is average at best, and definitely not worth its $25 dollar price tag. Although I believe it's supposed to be odorless, it has a slight but noticeable ammonium scent. One of its major ingredients is in fact ammonium laureth sulfate, one of the many sulfate varieties you'll find in your cheap (and some expensive) shampoos. Fun Fact: In larger and more concentrated solutions, sulfates are used to clean grease off engines. It lathers fairly poorly, and you'll need a good handful of it to get going, so it will get used up faster than a comparable cleanser. For what it is, it should be no more than $5 at a local pharmacy, right next to all the store-brand face washes.Speaking of local pharmacies, the easily found Cetaphil Daily Facial Cleanser is a superior alternative to this MenScience product, but not the Cetaphil Gentle Skin Cleanser which is incredibly diluted. If you're still shopping for a more expensive face wash, in that case I recommend Zirh Clean, which is about $20/8oz. It lathers very well, has a pleasant citrus scent, and leaves your skin feeling fantastic.Cetaphil Daily Facial Cleanser For Normal to Oily Skin, 8-Ounce Bottles (Pack of 3)Zirh International Zirh Clean By Zirh International For Men. Alpha-hydroxy Face Wash 250 Ml /8.4-Ounces
Although it is pretty mild, it is still nothing special and not worth the money. I tried one bottle after reading its suprisingly good reviews on its website. After using it, I strongly suspect the fake customer's reviews on their website.
When I got this bottle, I was surprised at its size, at 8 oz it is only 0.4oz smaller than my shampoo. The first time I used it I understood why, it takes a pretty big bottle to fit all of that water into. This would be 4 oz of product if were a regular strength. The cleansing of the soap itself isn't while not bad isn't very good. It is not overly harsh and can be used twice a day with no problems. It just doesn't seem to me to have any lifting action. The smell is neutral and boring, but still present. 2 out of 5 seems very appropriate for this product.
Like others have said, sometime in the past year or more, the formula for this product changed, and it's no longer as effective as used to be. The consistency is thinner and the the scrubbing action isn't as intense. For $30 a bottle, it's sadly not worth it. This used to be a great product, but now I will look for a replacement.
Overall, it is a good quality lotion. Face feels softer after using. Besides that, there is no real difference from any other lotion. Face doesn't look firmer, or better or anything like that. I decided to give this a try based on the good reviews. It is a good lotion; however, I would say it is definitely not worth $35+. I probably will look to try others in the future. If the price was about half of what it is now ($15-$20) I would rate it higher.
This stuff is highly over rated.I looked at all the reviews before I bought this and am very disappointed. This work no better than CERAVE that I can buy at Walmart cheaper. If you want to spend big bucks on a bad product, go ahead and buy this.
I changed from Baxter of California to MenScience, but the MenScience smells like mildew.  While this is a step up from Baxter, which smelled like a urinal, I'm thinking male AHA and BHA products may just be a waste of money.
i saw all the reviews from facebook postings to google reviews. I though this would be a great product to fight body acne. I used it and was not impressed. Not worth the price for just one bottle. MenScience has great products but sadly they just lost my business.I will look for another product to try out for better results.
didn't make much difference. won't be buying this again
Having very sensitive skin I was very excited to see that this product works well with skin prone to irritation.  My shave started out well, but by the next morning I had practically the same amount of razor burn and ingrown hairs that always plague me the next day.  Overall, I am very disappointed with this product as it didn't work much better than your typical generic shaving cream.
Its kinda hard to verify that this stuff works but my main issue with it was some funny smell that I noticed about me the first day I used it. I thought it was just something I handled, but the smell didnt go away. I thought sweat but quickly dismissed that seeing as I was in an air conditioned office all day that day.The smell is not a strong smell its very 'silent', but its there and doesn't smell good.This product was supposed to be 'no smell'. For the price, I really don't think its worth it. I used mine for 3 days and would have returned it if I could stomach the extra trouble.I settled for the Lubriderm product-that was truly no-smell
This is way overpriced in my opinion.  It didn't really last too long, and it didn't help.  I stopped using it.  At $28, you'd think it would work better.  A big waste of money.
I'm on my second jar of this formula and I'm not sure I will order it again. I have stretched my imagination and tried to see improvement in my skin tone, but I can't. It's definitely not worth the price! I can't recommend this product.
I don't care for lip gloss that is that sticky. It also sticks on your teeth.I would not buy it in the future.
I bought this lip gloss looking for something that would last as long as a lip stain. The application isn't that bad (twist and wait), and the taste isn't bad, but as soon as I put it on, it's gone 30 minutes later. I put it on and it's goopy and sticky because it's a gloss, but after I wait for it to set, it still comes off within 30 minutes. And I'm not obsessively licking or chewing my lips or anything! Honestly, both cheap lipstick and lipstain from the drugstore last 10 times as long as this (and are MUCH cheaper.) Don't waste your time with this. It doesn't last and I find it ridiculously expensive.
Bought it on basis of reviews.I will just use it as I have it now. But will not buy a new one.No, nothing wrong with it.But did not find anything special about it either. Will try another after shave balm later, after this one is used up.
I didn't like this product. It simply did not moisturize my face like I thought it would. I would get proraso or nivea balm.
I hesitate to use this product because of the strong odor.  You definitely know it's with you.
very drying, helps reduce pore size but my picky combination skin was not a fan. Back to using charcoal cleanser/sugar scrubs.
I've tried several skin products as I'm now 40yrs. old. I have to say that this did nothing more than a neutrogena product, actually neutrogena was probably better.. and a lot cheaper.
I was introduced to the Pores No More Pore Refiner this summer when I was experimenting with ways to cover the blackheads on my nose. After about 1 month of using this I was surprised to see that my pores became significantly smaller AND I had much fewer blackheads!! Before this, the only product that barely helped reduce my blackheads was the Biore ULTRA deep cleansing strips (regular Biore strips do nothing on me).I used the Pores No More Pore Refiner with makeup to cover my blackheads because I had a summer job. I'm a full time student the rest of the year and normally don't wear make up, so when I stopped using the Pore Refiner I saw that my blackheads and pores reappeared.Because this product worked so well, I got excited and tried the Pores No More vacuum cleaner (2x/week) and Pores No More CLEANSER (every other day) for about a month, but sadly those did not remove my blackheads. They did make my pores slightly smaller though, which doesn't mean much to me because dirt is still trapped inside.
This would be a great product if it didn't have formaldehyde in it.Ingredients: Ethyl Acetate, SD Alcohol 40B, Butyl Acetate, Isopropyl Alcohol, Nitrocellulose, Propyl Acetate, Tosylamide/Formaldehyde Resin, Polyvinyl Butyral, Dibutyl Phthalate, Camphor, Triphenyl Phosphate, Benzophenone 1, D&C; Violet 2, Calcium Pantothenate, Tocopheryl Acetate, Biotin, Camellia Oleifera Extract.
My husband was the first to try this and he didn't like it.  He said there was no scent, and after he didn't feel clean.  It made his face feel like it did before washing.So I decided to give it a try and I agree.  If there was a refreshing light scent, it would be better.  Also, it just didn't feel like it cleaned my face.  I work out every day and I'm always looking for a face wash that will get the grime and sweat of working out off my face and this isn't it.  I still felt kinda oily afterwards.  I woudln't recommend this.the bottle is nice and it is gentle but if you're looking for a face wash that actually cleans, keep looking.
Nice packaging but worked a little too well on my face--it ended up feeling striped and dry and consequently oily later in the day as my skin worked to balance itself out.  Ingredient list indicates it contains alcohol and sulfates, which might explain why it wasn't the best for my oil prone skin.
Full disclosure: When I ordered this product I did not realize it was listed as a "men's face wash." Having had a bad experience with the body wash (see my other review) I decided to not use this on my face but instead used it as a body wash instead.  This wasn't as bad as the other one but overall I find the Baxter line to be too heavy on fragrance, which is not good for someone like me with allergies.  Not recommended.
REVISED. This facial wash is one if the worst I've ever used.  While it clears away debris leaving my skin looking clean and fresh, after a few weeks I begin to notice break outs on my skin. The wash is fragrance free and does not feel like it has any harsh chemicals, however something goes array.  The label says its for all skin times and I have combo skin however my skin is uncharactaristically breaking out in the forehead region. I'd advise getting samples to test it out first before spending your hard earned money on packaging, but inferior product.
This face wash has a nice texture and feels soft on your skin but I really didn't see any outstanding changes with my face. I actually had some breakouts after using this, which doesn't happen when I use Clearasil or other face washes. This does last a long time and I feel you do get a lot for your dollar but nothing really stands out for me.I wouldn't use this face wash again or go out of my way to buy it.Katiebabs
I'm probably just ignorant, but as far as I can tell this is basically a nicer smelling liquid soap for guys. Washing my face it felt very smooth, almost oily, and thick - like shampoo. When finished my skin felt tighter than before, but whether this was because the soap dried me out, or because it magically tightened the pores... well, I'm too much the stereotypical middle aged white male to know the difference. That said, all the other soap in our house smells girly - Dove, J&J Baby Shampoo, whatever. It's nice to have a little "man soap" lying around with more of a spicy than a floral scent.
I didn't notice that this face wash was marketed as a "men's product" until ordering it (I'm a woman); however, both my husband and I have been using it and have had the same experience. The Daily Face Wash is unscented, though it does have a mild medicinal smell. I expected more of a lather, but instead, it has a thick and greasy texture, rather like Vaseline. In terms of our skin, neither my husband nor I (I have a combination skin type) have noticed any difference between this product and soap. It should also be noted that, as another reviewer has pointed out, one of its ingredients--phenoxyethanol--has been shown in animal studies to be a developmental and reproductive toxin. Considering all of the above, I would recommend either finding a different cleanser or sticking with good old-fashioned suds.
My husband tried this product.He applied it without difficulty and it did not cause any irritation.However, he did not like the smell.I checked with him a few days later to see how it was going.He stated that since he didn't have a habit of using a toner or doing anything other than very basic skin care, he found it impossible to add to his routine.
Baxter of California Herbal Mint Toner smells more like bathroom cleaner.  In terms of what it is suppose to be used for, it works quite well.  My husband really liked using it after shaving.  It soothed his skin and it left him feeling not dried out.  However.... The smell was offensive enough that I would not buy this product again.
I use several Baxter of California products regularly and am generally happy with all of them.  So I was interested to give their Herbal Mint Toner a try.  The toner is advertised to cleanse, moisturize, and tone your skin.  I have tried it after shaving and also after washing my face in the evening.  The product has to be applied with either a cotton ball or soft applicator pad and comes with neither of these.  Lacking applicator pads I have been using cotton balls for application.  It seems like the liquid becomes tacky on my face rather quickly, and I have to reapply it to the cotton ball several times to apply it to my whole face.  There is a smell to it that dissipates quickly.  After it dries my skin does seem to tighten a little, although I can't say the effect is any greater than I experience after washing my face withBaxter of California Daily Face Wash, 10 fl. oz.(sold separately) or after using an alum block.  The toning sensation is pretty minor.  I cannot appreciate any moisturizing effect beyond what I already achieve using their facial wash.Quite honestly, I really can't find a reason to use this product.  When I shave in the morning I useBaxter of California Facial Scrub, 4 fl. oz.(once weekly), wash my face with Baxter facial wash, use shaving soap to shave, rub an alum block over my face after shaving, and once my face dries I applyBaxter of California After Shave Balm, 4 fl. oz..  My skin feels moisturized and toned with that regimen.  I have tried the Herbal Mint Toner in place of the alum block, but my face actually felt much more toned after using alum.  In the evening, after I shower, I have used the Herbal Mint Toner but my skin does not feel any more moisturized than it otherwise would.  I can feel the toning effect, but it is minimal.In summary, if you are wanting a product that can cleanse and tone your face with an applicator pad the Baxter of California Herbal Mint Toner may or may not be worthwhile.  If you are mainly looking for something to use when shaving, I would recommend their facial wash and aftershave balm instead.  Your face will feel moisturized and toned with those, and you can achieve a greater toning effect by also using an alum block.  Using the Herbal Mint Toner seems redundant and really does not add any benefit or work any better than what I described unless you don't use the other Baxter products I mentioned or are looking for something to use after bathing.  But even then the benefit is minimal at best.  Frankly, your face will feel better toned and moisturized using their facial wash instead.
I get very intrigued my men's lines of skin care products and loved that this line had body washes in different fragrances.  But upon use I found it to be subpar to the regular brands I use.  It is called "invigorating" in its name but it is just another body wash and subpar at that.  I was looking forward to the pear scent but found the fragrance to instead not be natural at all and barely present.  The smell I did get from it seemed to have a chemical base.  Also I understand that heavy foaming with a body wash is not necessary but I had to use many pumps of this product to get enough of a lather to fully wash my body.  I was glad to try this product but for me it was nothing special and will not be a regular part of my showering regiment.
I have the another Baxter product, theClay Mask, which I like, and since I like to try different soaps and shampoos, I figured I'd try this body wash. Upon selection, the floral scent seemed the least "scenty," but after trying it's not very mild in my opinion. The body wash does it's job like any good body wash does, but the lingering scent is too much for me. It may not bother some, but I'm moving on to other options. If Baxter has an unscented wash, that could be intriguing.Also, just something I noticed... in the Amazon product description it says "Dehydrated skin produces excess oil, resulting in irritation and breakouts." You know what else irritates the skin though? Scented soaps.
...then this is the stuff for you.  If you are a fan of the scent of vegetation, you may still be disappointed, as the scent dissipates within minutes of getting out of the shower.I am not a fan of overly powerful soap (Axe, for example), but I do like to have a fresh, clean scent throughout the day.  If you have a similar desire, then find something else.  I am returning mine after two uses.  Perhaps you will see it for sale in Amazon Warehouse deals in "used" condition at a discounted price.I will say I like that this comes in a pump bottle.  It helps to make an accurate determination of exactly how much you should use and will help make the product last longer by not using too much at once.
This product review of the Baxter of California Invigorating Body Wash, Flora and Cassis, 10 fl. oz. is part of my obligation to Amazon for accepting to be a member of the Vine program, a club of selected customers that provide opinions about "new and pre-released items." We enter this club by accepting free copies of products but we promise in return to submit an opinion.While the product details read that we can "wash away dirt and debris from the body without robbing skin of moisture. Mild cleansers and skin-softening agents keep skin smooth and soft."The pump never worked, the shower experience was not what was expected. Back from the beach, looked forward to using this product and it did not provide the moisture we expected.
I have to give full disclosure here:  When I ordered this product I didn't realize that it was listed as a "men's body wash" until I received the item.  I'm a female, and very sensitive to scents.  So I was dismayed when I began using it and it broke me out in a rash!  I discontinued using the product (switching it to a hand soap in the guest bathroom) and everything was fine.  But the heavy scent and the rash inducing quality did not endear me to this product.
As a guy, I thought I would give this body wash a trial (courtesy of Amazon Vine).While it wasn't bad, it wasn't for my taste, as it has too much floral of a scent that I didn't care too much for.I prefer the scents and dirt fighting power Axe and Old Spice body washes myself.Plus this body wash is much more expansive than the two I usually use.
How can one review a body wash? Well, really, there's three major things to consider. 1) The biggest of course, is that it works to actually clearn you. 2) Does it foam up well so that it's easy to use and 3) How does it smell.Well in regards to 1), I guess this does get the job done. But when combined with 2) and 3) it just fails -- while the smell isn't that big a deal, it's always nice to have a more pleasant smell when washing oneself. But 2) is the biggie. If you're using body wash, having it not foam up too well doesn't really help to get you all that clean, because you either have to end up using more of it, or do more work to try and get it soapier. This is where this really fails, and while when you DO get it on it seems to work fine (and not feel weird afterward)....add that to the somewhat high price and you've got IMO a pretty lousy result.
I understand the concept of creating a spa line for men. I respect that. This body wash could be used by a man or woman. The scent is bad. It reminds me of cheap imitation perfumes. it actually gave me a headache. It does clean the body. Other than that, I do not have anything good to say about it.
I expect soaps to have some lather, but this just seemed to kind of disappear when I rubbed my hands together to work up a lather.  I found it best to pump the soap onto my hands, then rub onto my skin without trying to make a lather.  I think this body wash still got me clean, but it was weird to not see any lathering.  The scent is a bit on the feminine-side as it has a light floral smell.  Not unappealing or lingering, but definitely noticeable.
Overall, I'm not impressed.  It gets me clean, but the lather is disappointing -- a good 10 pumps of this stuff is less effective than one or two pumps of a Bath and Bodyworks shower gel, for example.  The scent is nice -- definitely has clear notes of both flowers and cassis (black currant), but honestly, I do think it's on the feminine side of neutral.  It's not something I would find at all typical of a men's scent.  It's not offensive either, but I don't think it would appeal to all men looking for a shower gel, by far.  (I am a woman, to be clear here, but I often gravitate toward shower gels marketed for men.)  It's also heavily colored -- the gel is an intense aqua-blue.  I think the pump dispenser may be annoying for some who are used to a squirt bottle.  If you wanted to toss it into a gym bag, you'd have to push down the pump to lock it, and thus lose one pump-full of gel or have to remember to do it while in the shower where you can use that pump-full.Pros: smells nice for a woman or a man who's not looking for a super-masculine scentCons: disappointing lather, lots of color in the gel, potentially annoying pump dispenser, expensiveWouldn't purchase this at the current price.  Or pretty much any foreseeable price they'd assign to it.
I bought this because the combination of bergamot and pear sounded intriguing. It's not. The scent is subtle and indistinguishable as bergamot or pear or anything else for that matter. The lather is almost non-existent. There's nothing interesting or useful about this product.
If you have acne prone skin and its dry do not even bother with any kind of lotion oil free or not. I use every BOC product multiple times daily and they all work better for my skin then products my derm gives me. I had this sitting in a drawer not even opened yet since I bought it for the winter when I get dry skin and now its winter time. I pulled this out rubbed on my clean washed and acne free face, the next day BOOM! Small white-heads everywhere at least 10 or more, and a fair amount of blemishes. I will forgive baxter for this products since the only reason my face was clear to begin with was daily use of there skin toner, and facial scrub. If your like me acne prone and have dry skin I would recomend using aftershave, even if you do not shave. Of course my recomendation is Baxters after shave balm.
I am extremely prone to breakouts, which is why I have to use oil free lotions on my face. Not all oil-free lotions prevent my skin from breaking out, though. This is by far the thickest oil-free lotion I've ever put on my face. I liked it and hoped that it would work for me, but after two days, I started breaking out. I had to stop using it. I gave it to my sister who loves it, so it really depends on your skin.
Apparently, this moisturizer has about five different parabens in it.  If you care about that sort of thing - this moisturizer is a major no-no.  I didn't read the label - this thing has about eight different chemicals that will make you go &#34;hmmmm.&#34; With 300-some-odd companies signing the cosmetics compact, Baxter of California should be ashamed, considering parabens are normally present to help something either not be rotten after a while, or SMELL GOOD.  Obviously, it wasn't for the second reason.Oil-free it might be, but I'm not really sure what everyone else is talking about with the &#34;amazing finish.&#34;  It left my face looking shiny, every time.  I don't really need a moisturizer leaving my face looking like I dipped myself in olive oil.  The smell is definitely &#34;fragrance-free,&#34; as in they left the chemical smell in it.  It's positively foul.The reason this thing gets two stars is that I didn't break out.  That's a miracle in and of itself.  The moisturizer, as moisturizers go, was likely being supplemented by my serum that I use daily.  I'm not sure it's all that great.  It just didn't ruin me.  So, two stars.
I've used a variety of lip balms and hydration solutions, and I found this one to be sub-par.  It felt heavy on my lips, and didn't seem to sink in like other treatments.  It also felt sticky.  After about half an hour I ended up wiping this off, because it felt like it just sat on my lips.  As far as moisturizing lip treatments go, I'll stick to Fresh's Sugar line.  It's more expensive, but works so much better.
If it weren't for the odor and taste, this would be a five start product. This lip product moisturizes quite nicely and isn't gooey, and makes a perfect overnight treatment for dry lips. The big issues are also major turnoffs - the taste and smell are very unappealing. The smell is that of an older lady - scented powder, scented lotion, perfume, and scented fabric softener - all in different scents but all mixed together. And that smell is exactly what this lip moisturizer tastes like. Ugh. Get past that, and it's wonderful for lips. But for the price, the funky smell and taste are deal breakers. Go for one of the lip products from Philosophy or Ole Henriksen. They work just as well without the yuck factor.
I didn't realize, perhaps not reading through enough reviews, that this soap would create a cooling sensation due I assume to the mint.  I don't like soaps that do this.
Was hoping at that price the mint would stay with your skin.  It doesn't.  Makes your bathroom smell good,that's about it.  Can do that cheaper.
This hand lotion is definitely not worth the price.  While it is OK as far as hand lotions go, you could easily get a comparable product at CVS.  I wouldn't recommend this.
I can't believe I paid $8 for this little tube of hand cream. I was suckered into the Bliss name and had to try it. I needed to re-apply more after less than an hour. I'll save my money and next time buy three tubes of my Nivea Sooth Indulgence Hand Creme. The product puts the expensive Bliss product to shame.
I was excited to try this product, but I am sorry to say that after using it, I didn't notice any improvments in my skin.  I would not purchase again.
I have been using this for months and I have had no results as far as helping fine lines or crows feet. It says to use morning and night, but it does not absorb well, so you cant wear it under makeup. It may work better for someone that doesnt wear makeup and can use it twice daily. I dont think it is worth the price though.
I been using this cream since may 2013 it had wonderful Reviews but as of today it those not do what it said , I will not buy or recomend this at all.
I started to have lines under my eyes two years ago when I turned 26. It was about 0.5 inch long under each eye. I was totally freaked out and wanted to do something about it. I started to fight these lines two years ago with Clinique's Advanced Stop Sign. After 2 jars and no result, I had to call it a quit.Since then, I've tried StriVectin-SD Eye Cream, Kinerase, and Creme de La Mer, which also didn't work for lines. I have to say StriVectin-SD is the worst from the bunch. It is greasy and doesn't make my skin any firmer. On a bad day, I would break out. Kinerase is a little better in that it's not greasy. La Mer was really good for firming and making my skin look dewy and soft, though it may not improve lines.I have tried using Estee Lauder Perfectionist and Advanced night repair and they both seem to improve the lines pretty well. I think I'm gonna continue to use Estee's products until I find anything better.
i can not l believe when i receive this stuff it was opened. i must to said this was too shock for me, it was first time i bought the new stuff but has used.
I'm using all the Strivectin products with a few of the Hydroxatone ones. Out of all the product creams, this is my least favorite. It definitely doesn't live up to the hype. You only need a tiny bit, so it will last a long time- maybe it's a good long-timer product (months). After a few weeks, it's nothing special though. I'd skip it and stay with the regular facial cream and get close to the eyes, it doesn't irritate my skin in that area and I'm extremely sensitive to products out there.
It burn my eyes and never saw any real results. This is the second time I tried it and won't be using it any more
I ordered this product (at the full price of $59) because the photo showed the Strivectin Eye Cream in the Black and White tube, and in a different shaped tube, depicting the "Original Strivectin Eye Cream Formula." But I received the new formula instead. I had tried a tester of the new formula in a store, and for me, it stung and left me with a mild rash. I used the original formula for several years, very satisfied and wanted more. Does anyone know where I can find it?
all hype, no difference visible. Does not live up to the claims it makes and would advise people not to waste their money
I was hoping this would be a better product given the price. After a few weeks of use (twice per day), my face was really dry and I had to switch back to my previous cleanser. For this reason, I would not repurchase the product.
It was bulkier than I thought. Can't bend your fingers so my fingers get stiff from wearing it too long.
The bottle arrived open and some of the product leaked all over. I was a little worried about using it and won't order it on Amazon again.
I bought this item at the same time as the Face Brush by Dermotologia, & they cost about the same. The packaging on the Dermotologia is sturdier, but the brushes themselves are about the same size & weight (very light-weight). Both brushes are far too soft to exfoliate in & of themselves. In other words, if you use a cleansing product on the brush that doesn't have abrasive qualities, these brushes will not provide any degree of abrasion by themselves. If you plan on putting an abrasive exfoliant on them, they will be effective in applying the exfoliant. The Dermotologia brush is made in China (isn't almost everything these days?), but at least Dermotologia advises the consumer of the country of origin. The MenScience brush has no indication of country of origin, either on the brush itself or on its packaging. The MenScience brush indicates that it "combats ingrown hairs." As soft as its bristles are, I don't see how that would be possible. Perhaps "massages ingrown hairs" would be more accurate? The Dermotologia brush has the company's logo on the brush; the MenScience brush has no markings of any sort on the brush, so seems to be of a generic variety (aren't most good companies proud to put their logos on their products?). The MenScience brush has their logo on the case, but if case & brush become separated over time, you'll be hard put to recall what company made this brush that you either like or don't like. For effectiveness as a face brush, they are equal. For packaging & other non-performance areas, the Dermotologia is superior. My recommendation is to buy whichever one you find at a cheaper price, but only if you're looking for a soft, gentle, non-abrasive brush. I will be posting this same review on the webpage for the Dermotologia brush.
Bought 2, one for me and one for my son, both are broke now ,not from use bought dropping less than one foot , like 8 inches above sink , the head breaks off CHEAP, CHEAP, CHEAP, CHEAP. Made in CHEAPVILLE......DO NOT PURCHASE! Waste of Money!
I have been a person struggling with acne the past three years and I thought maybe I wasn't thoroughly washing my face well enough, so I thought a scrubbing brush would be able to go deeper inside and get the impurities out. I've used this product for about two weeks, and I absolutely no difference in complexion or tone. I still have the blackheads on my nose. This product really costs a whole lot for something that doesn't really do what it says it will do. I gave it two stars simply because I'm sure it cleans, it just doesn't clean any better than your hands would.
I was hoping this would be stiffer than most face brushes, which are way too soft to do anything other than push soap around your face. The description of this being able to exfoliate and prevent ingrown hairs on men is misleading - maybe if the bristles were more firm. Nope. Going back.
The gloves are'nt bad, however, I realized they equal quality gloves at my local supermarkets, ie., Von's, Albertsons for 1.99-2.99! I gave two stars because I feel they're way over priced and can get several pairs for the price of these.
I bought these because I was suckered by the "manly" marketing. These are no better in quality than a $1 pair of pastel shower gloves. Sure, being a guy, I prefer having black gloves, but these are fraying after a couple months and were WAY overpriced.Save your money and buy something cheaper.
I paid three times the price for these gloves compared to another pair because they were called "MenScience" gloves. I figured if they were for "Men" they would be a larger size. Not so. In fact they are smaller than the other pair I bought. These gloves are tiny. They stretch to fit to a certain degree. But they are way too tight on my hands. Don't be fooled by the "Men" label. I mean no disrespect for small folk, but these should be labeled "LeprechaunScience" gloves.I will be returning them.EDIT: 7/21 OK, I used the other gloves this morning. The ones that were larger than this brand. They too were small, but not as small. A tight fit on my hands, but they loosened up a bit when wet and soapy.  I suppose the MenScience gloves would too. But still, they are not for big hands.
I have noticed little to no difference in this soap and shampoo. If anything now when I leave the gym I smell like I haven't showered in days.
I purchased this first and foremost for a moisturizer, not so much for the sunblock.  Was disappointed with the "moisturizing" aspect as I've been using this on my face for about a week and my skin still feels extremely dry.  Regular nothing-fancy lotions seem to be a better job at moisturizing.It's not a bad product, just expect to use it more for the sunblock not moisturizer.Pros: Smell is pleasant and it dries quickly enough.  Doesn't leave your face feeling too greasy like most sunblocks do.Cons: This is not a good moisturizer.  It may have some moisturizing aspects to it, but in my experience should not be used solely as a moisturizer.I'll keep it around and use it when I spend time outside in the sun, but will be seeking alternatives for a facial moisturizers.  Think of this as a high-end facial sunblock.
I love almost all Jack Black stuff.  Just not this Jack Black stuff.  I am not a fan of sunscreen in moisturizers.  Maybe its me, but the feel and smell makes me think I am putting on full blown sunscreen, not a moisturizer. I have tried other similar moisturizers including sunscreen with the same result (Loreal for Men).  I know the concept behind it is supposed to be good for us, but I have just not found a product that can combine the two without the "ick" factor.
I really like their shaving cream, but this was not my favorite- it is pretty greasy and the tip always gets clogged every morning with a chunk of material from the past morning.  I would say look for something else.
I liked the color of this product.  When applied on the waterline, it really does brighten up the eye area and make you seem less tired.  Downside is, it doesn't stay put on the waterline..
I really liked the color...its not a bright purple, but a deeper purple that would look good on most anyone. However, I found this pencil to be very soft-- I needed to sharpen it after its first use! Its softness does not allow for a thin, crisp line to be drawn, if that's what you're looking for. It also smudges easily; don't count on it to last throughout the day. I really wanted to like this, but I won't be repurchasing and would not recommend.  Bummer!
I bought this specifically to use on my waterline to make my eyes appear a bit wider. When I first tried it on, I was impressed by how pigmented and creamy it was - except I had applied it with a heavy hand, so I had to blend it out (off) a bit. It turns out I like it better blended out because the color is too bright for my taste (I have a medium tan complexion). However, after several minutes and, presumably, a lot of blinking, I noticed that the color had faded out even more. I don't think I have extraordinarily watery eyes, by the way.I used it again the next day, this time careful with how I applied it. I manage to put it on not as heavily as the first time, and it didn't get blinked off as fast the first time either. I went about my day as usual and checked it after several hours, and I was left with but a hint of color on my waterline.I admit I'd rather find something for my waterline that isn't as bright, but if it turns out there's nothing out there that's more suited to my skin tone, I still wouldn't buy this because of its rather disappointing staying power.
I thought it would be longer lasting than it is.  The color is nice for but Stila and the description-I have had better drugstore brands..
i've been looking for a dark black eyeliner. This seemed to fit the bill - it is very smooth, creamy and jet black.however, after a couple hours, i look like I have 2 black eyes - it is so smudgy. I've tried to even "set" it with a regular eyeliner and that doesn't work....And the ironic thing is that it's a pain to get all off when washing my face - i definitely need to use an eye makeup remover.  You'd think for an eyeliner that smudges and runs so easily it would just come off with face wash....oh well.  Def. would not recommend this product.
Unless you already know the shade of this product that you want, I would recommend purchasing at a bricks-and-mortar store so you can try it out first. Way too expensive a product to experiment and get the wrong color. I am very fair, and purchased Shade B, but it was way too light and too yellow. Seems to cover well, but that's a moot point if the color is wrong. I buy almost everything on Amazon, but I regret this purchase.
The lotion is fantastic but using it makes you smell like an old man.  My wife and sister both commented on the terrible scent.  Sadly I had to give the lotion away it was so bad.
This product is very watery (thin) and doesn't moisturize very well. Because of this, fortunately, it's not very greasy, but still, I expected a richer lotion. Another problem is it stinks like cologne. If I want to stink like cologne I'll spray some on. They should tone that down.
The fragrance in the bottle I received is overpowering, and difficult to remove, even with soap. It's not a displeasing smell, and the lotion works well, but the fragrance is very strong.  If you prefer a fragrance-free environment, this product is not for you.  If you don't like it when people around you wear an invasive fragrance, you would not like this product because it would make you one of those people.
I bought this online despite its high price point because it advertises natural ingredients and some reviews state you don't need a lot of it for each application.My own experience is that you need more like a dime sphere than coin to have enough to spread after shaving. Even then, my skin still feels irritated and not smoothed much.Looking closer at the ingredient list on the bottle, you also find a whole lot more than the 3 advertised "natural ingredients", the 2nd ingredient being PEG-8...Overall, it's quite expensive and not nearly as "natural" as marketed, so not worth the price imho.
I love love love the Jack Black Shaving Cream, but this "cooling gel" needs improvement.  It doesn't smell very good and leaves my face feeling sticky.
I like JB products and am a big fan of the Dragon Ice, so I tried one of these. I have older, sensitive, dry skin. A pea sized dab massaged across my face resolved nothing and felt like sticky film nearly all day. A few days later I tried a bigger coin-sized glob and massaged it across my entire face with the same results. Sticky, tacky feeling all day! I elected to wash it off several hours later and had slimy feeling which dissolved with more water. Apparently, my skin is not absorbing this stuff like it does the Nivea/Neutrogena types. The JB gel smells okay and feels okay gong on, but I will not be continuing its use.
I have sensitive skin. I like to use a balm after shaving. When I use this, my neck gets really red. Could be just me. YMMV.
If you have sensitive skin dont use this! It broke me out terribly and it didnt help with my pores AT ALL.
As a moisturizer it made my face dewy.  However, I have big pores, this did not reduce their size, and unfortunately shortly before my wedding (I know, don't try something new before you get married) my face broke out with large cystic acne.  It was not stress related, my wedding was a second wedding and destination wedding were everything was paid for and in place.  The acne is large and has not reduced since the wedding over a week ago.  I'm not terribly pleased, since at 34 I should bed done with major blemish acne.
I think this is the sort of smell that you either love or hate. From all the reviews I was convinced that I would love it and took a chance, which is something I normally wouldn't do. Unfortunately, I was just not a fan of it and neither were my friends. We all agreed that it smelled unique and interesting, but beyond that didn't find the scent very pleasant.The initial smell is what really gets me. For whatever reason it reminds me of perfume mixed with vitamins. It eventually becomes a much better smell, a little powdery and sweet, however this is not enough for me to like it.My old friend used to wear this perfume, which also may be why I'm not fond of it, since it was all over the room we shared together. I didn't know that until the perfume arrived and I smelled it. So that could also influence my feelings on it. But overall, I think it's definitely unique just not the perfume for me.
I guess the Lolita Lempicka perfumes are just not right for my body chemistry. I smell it on everybody else and I love it, when I smell it on myself it smells like bug spray. So just wasn't for me.
This stuff would last forever if I could tolerate the incredible stickiness. It creates a goopy mess on your mouth - wish I wouldn't have bought it.
Been looking fr a replacement illuminator that Benefit quit making. This is not a horrible product, but certainly didn't hit the mark for me.
Very pasty. Have used their foundation 10 years ago and loved it but formula has changed. No other colors were available. I thought color would work but way to light. Should have gone to a store and gotten sample first.
I've received the Almond line from my husband for Christmas (never smelled this before) so it was love at first sniff. I love every single item in the package, but my absolute favorite was this milk concentrate. However, I am a little sad as well because I won't be using this every day, though I could afford it, I feel the price tag is not in proportion with the product; the 7oz of deliciousness realistically should cost $10-15 less at least (I took 1 star off for that), or double the amount for $40 because it goes fast! The cream itself works wonders, it moisturizes so well and has the perfect balance between oiliness and how the skin absorbs the oils in the cream, it makes my skin feel and look beautiful. But so do other cremes out there for less.I am in love with this scent now so I wanted to purchase a perfume when I discovered that there is none, so I had to hunt down a milk-like perfume by another company (it is a nice scent as well but not the same) please L'Occitane, do make a perfume for the Almond line!P.S. For those who strictly (have to) use natural products, know that L'Occitane uses quiet a few ingredients that are not natural (this creme included).Update: I used this creme almost every day (not including a few days), and the whole jar was gone within a month, so the price vs. amount remains a problem. Also, I just found out that L'Occitane is a company who allows testing  on animals on their behalf, their policy changed and they are not cruelty free anymore, therefore I cannot recommend the cream or the company anymore either.
because the fragance it's no the same, compare with other past buy, it' pure verbena i hope this eau de toillete have more lemon frangance
hello I purchased this and one I noticed the fragrance was a little stronger than the one I recognize from this line. Then when I used it, it did not last. The scent wore off. Would not buy from the vendor again. Unfortunately
Not the same that I bought in Macy s ... not the same consistance... same price but not the same quality!
if you do any walking, exposed to temperatures above 70 for more than a few minutes or in generla sweat...you will smell.  while its great that it is aluminum free, and thus the 2 stars, this is really only for inactive people.....mind you I have an office job. look at arm and hammer essentials
While antiperspirant/deodorant combos always work best for active users there are some non-aluminum, deodorant-only options that work for me. Sadly this is not one of them. This received enough good reviews I was hopeful of a very natural solution but it just stops working mid-day and I begin to sweat and smell. For me, this is best left for a weekend option when I've been working all day and shower before grabbing a bite to eat. It gets the job done for a short time but falls short of being something I can rely on.
I bought this after aluminum chloride was not working on me.  I like the smell, glides on easy but by midday, I am sweating and....smelling so I tried the aluminum and this deodorant and it does work a bit better but not 100%
I bought this product because it is aluminum free and because it is fragrance free. I have an allergy to fragrance which manifests itself in an itchy rash. I was excited to try this product. For a week or so, it worked pretty well in terms of performing its job with no rash. Then after a week, I developed an allergic reaction. Not sure what it was that caused it, but obviously, some ingredient had the same affect I was trying to avoid. For this kind of money, I expected more. Will never buy this again.
It also doesn't last long at all.  I'm switching back to another deodorant because I have to keep reapplying this.  It can't even survive my desk job.
Sadly this deodorant does not keep you dry. I had the bad experience of wet armpits few time too often with it.As far as smell, it is working fine.Too bad, the brand looks serious.
My underarms still get funky when I use this. Yes, I shower first, but a few hours later on a hot day, my underarms start smelling spicy. My underarms also feel sensitive after wearing this. I've tried it many times, and since I still have it, I will keep trying it periodically until it's gone, seeing that I paid almost $20 for it. Very disappointed.
This deodorant worked for maybe six hours and then required a reapplication. Eventually, after too much application, I began to develop a rash. Had to discontinue use after two weeks. An expensive trial to say the least!
Seller was awesome, we LOVE amazon. This product was a bit disappointing however..there was WAY too much sylic acid in it, and my hubby put it on every time he washed or shaved, and not only did it dry out his skin, it literally BURNED it, causing sored just below the lips! I was mortified and made him stop using it IMMEDIATELY, and sent it back! We were under the impression (due to the products description) that it would be a mild remedy to someone with more sensitive skin.. WRONG! I wouldn't recommend it to anyone with NORMAL skin either. Sorry Jack Black, you get an F- for this one.
This product felt greasy when applied and it did not leave my face feeling clean after I rinsed it off. Seems like it might be trying to be an &#34;all in one&#34; product and failing at it's primary purpose (a facial cleaner). I'm usually a big fan of JB products, but I would not recommend this product as facial cleaner.
This stuff is pretty alright. Smells good but it doesn't really clean my face nearly as well as the cheaper stuff out there. I bought it to see if I could get better stuff specifically for a mans face but I guess it's all gimmick. Maybe I just have a very oily or dirty face but two days after switching to this I started breaking out again. Amazon as always was fantastic. I guess if you have a normal face and want something that smells good, this would be good for you. But this isn't the right product for me.
Excited to try it based on reviews, but find it to be a poor cleanser. Little baby acne since starting using this, very dry skin, and my face looks dirty right after shower. I will just stick to a dove for men soap bar as it is far superior for cleaning the face and making it look nice and clean. Way overpriced for what you get, but everyone is different. What doesn't work for me might work for you.Side note: I find Jack Black products to be extremely overpriced when they all seem to be mediocre products
i was looking for a new facial wash that wasn't too pricey, but still good quality, and unfortunately this didn't fit the bill.  for reference, i was coming from using the Origins Checks and Balances facial wash, which in retrospect is a great product and i should have shelled out the cash for it again.  this facial cleanser doesn't compare at all to that one.
I love LORAC's brow powder and the pencil was recommended to me. It may have just been my technique, but while the color was perfect, I found it to not be as soft and natural as the powder.
I am very happy with the amount of perfume for the price as well as the fresh scent. Wonderful fragrance. (written in 2012)Well, I just reordered this perfume and I swear it smells different. What I loved was the fresh light lemon scent but what I received has more of a men's cologne scent. I will keep it and see if I can get used to it - maybe it will grow on me but as of now, I would NOT buy this again. I am disappointed, I miss that special smell the other bottle had...
I tried this for around 3 weeks and it did not work for me. not suitable for my skin type probably.
I love almost everything about this stuff.  However, the exfoliant beads that feel like sand appear to be made from plastic, according to the ingredient list.  No I feel like I am littering every time I wash my face.  I'll be looking for a new face cleaner.  It's too bad, because I liked this  stuff so much.
This product smelled great and I've had success with other Jack Black products.  Unfortunately, this scrub inflamed by razor burn instead of soothing it.I've found a non-soap based face wash followed by a wash cloth, for exfoliation, then shave oil, then shave soap, lathered with a badger hair brush, minimizes my  razor rritation.  I keep the force to a minimum; from face wash to shave.
Lotion contains Vit. E an seems to leave a slight oily film on your face. After a couple of tries had to just toss bottle out. Face was beginning to get much worse. I had this same problem with the Jack Black cleansing pads? Maybe just my face.
This base coat is definitely not worth purchasing at any price.  I have had to re-do my nails 2x a week due to chipping and peeling.  Essie or OPI are much better value and quality.  Waste of my money.
I don't actually hate this, but recently, upon research (A FEW MONTHS AFTER I BOUGHT IT), i found this product to be quite toxic to the skin w/ the ingredients contained.Search it yourself with the EWG website: [...]  I like it and was going to buy another, but not after researching the chemicals contained in this.
This stuff sucks; it doesn't smell very good and it stings when you use it.I would try Jack Black Double Duty moisturizer instead.
It works on lines. The only issue is that it make your skin produce more oil in the places you use it. I got it because it was oil free. Still it makes more oil.
I am always trying to find a product that is better than the previous one I've had.  Upon a recommendation, I purchased this moisturizer. I used the entire bottle before I decided to write the review.  First, this product burns your face, especially if you put in on after shaving.  It isn't a minor burning sensation either as the bottle will tell you.  I could possibly tolerate the buring if the product results were worth the pain but that isn't the case.  The actual moisture is just a greasy film.  It is not worth the money. May I suggest a newer product I have found to be really amazing - Kiehls Facial Fuel for men.  It is the best moisturizer I've ever used followed by Dermalogica's Active Moist.  I would suggest one of these two far superior alternatives.  With that said, almost all other Jack Black products I've used have been terrific including their volume shampoo and conditioner.
My husband bought a huge bottle of this because he uses all the jack Black products - and loves it. yes, It might be a really great soap but it smells AWFUL! It reminded me of &#34;old people&#34; smell. He wont be purchasing this again...
It works as a body wash but the scent is overpowering and too cologney. I much prefer the turbo wash fresh, muted scent.
I&#8217;ve been using this for a few weeks.  I&#8217;m not really a fan.  The &#8220;grit&#8221; is WAY too large.  I&#8217;ve used several other brands of face scrub.  Some have a lot of &#8220;grit&#8221;. . . . some not so much. . . but I&#8217;ve never used one that had such &#8220;large girt&#8221; as this.  It&#8217;s simply uncomfortable.
This is the second Baxter product I've used courtesy of the Amazon Vine program and it will be the last.  My face broke out the day after using the scrub the previous night.  I've previously used Baxter facial wash for men and the results were similar.I have a brown complexion with combo skin type and I've used products by Kiehls, Issimo Guy Gear, Simple, Neutrogena, and Dove with no adverse reactions. Kiehls and Issimo Guy Gear make my skin look great.I am giving this product two stars which I think is fair as it may work well on other people with different skin tone/type, but this is just not for me.
I guess this stuff works OK, but I wouldn't say that it gives a shave any better than the stuff that costs a third or a half as much.  I  was expecting a much better shave experience.Never again will I be tempted by these overpriced boutique brand items.
I have tried lots of shave creams and really like the creams in a tube. Jack Black has no lubrication and does not lather all that well.  There are a lot of better creams for less money and excellent creams for the same. Jack Black does moisturize but it isn't good for shaving. If you have a beard and do a lot of outlining this might be for you, it is clear and gives a good enough shave for this to be a benefit.  Tabac brand with a spice scent and Godrej with more of a soap scent so far are the best creams in a tube I have tried, both have great lather and great lubrication.  Cella with a almond cherry scent and Castle Forbes various scents are fantastic creams in a jar once again both have great lather and lubrication.Don't waste your money on Jack Black.
my buddy told me to get this. said it was the greatest thing in the world. tried it and it sux. i'm happier with the tube shaving cream much more protection and good smell.
I have a tendency to nick areas of the neck.  Decided to buy this product despite not being the type to splurge on much for myself.  At $16.00 for shave cream I'd consider this a splurge.  Smells and feels nice, but doesn't do anything better than a can of Edge.  I get better results using a good hair conditioner and it costs a lot less.  Won't ever use this stuff again.
This stuff not to mention being ridiculously over priced but doesn't really work all that well. For me anyway the menthol and peppermint dried out my skin making shaving that much more difficult. Try dr.bronners in the baby or lavender if you're sensitive to these ingredients. Better value more organic and cheaper.
If you have skin that tends to break out at all -- I would avoid this product.  I loved using it for about a week, then had one of the worst cases of adult acne in my life (I'm over 40 now!).  After a visit to my wife's dermatologist, it became clear that the oils in this product were too heavy for my pores.  Two weeks later, my face is healing, but it was a wake up call for me to take skin products more seriously.
Only lasted me two months, acne break outs, and kind of on the expensive side when it comesto face lotions with similar sizes. I did enjoy the 2 months of shaving though, it definitely decreasedthe amount of friction between my blade and face...but I think I can shop around for a cheaper andlarger face lotion bottle.
This was in my second order of this product. The first one I received with no problem. This one for some reason they shipped with other products, some pretty large (AB Carver). Because of this I received a plastic wrap filled with shaving cream, $33 worth of shaving cream in a plastic wrap. Not happy one bit. I don't know if I should be angry with Amazon or the manufacture. I guess it doesn't matter since they have my money. I am going to assume this is on Amazon since the products in the box were from different companies. I have been shopping at Amazon for years, but maybe it is time for a change...
I expected more out of this product. I tried samples in the past and remember it being better. It doesn't work as well as Kiss My Face shaving cream, which is cheaper. It just doesn't seem to soften the beard hair as much, nor does it have the same lubricating effect. Since it's called &#34;Beard Lube&#34; I expect it to be very lubricating. Try the Kiss My Face stuff and see how lubricating that is, by comparison.
Tried this for a couple of weeks. Did not like the feel of the product and I don't believe I got any better shave than from much less expensive items.
JB makes some good products, but Beard Lube isn't one of them.  I bought it once and hated it, but after reading these glowing reviews and being a fan of their excellent Face Buff, I gave it a second try.  Both times, the same experience:It has a light and fresh feel, but it's too thin for me.  It's watery, clear, and does not grip the skin.  I found it difficult to know where I had applied it, and consequently, I often shaved the same spot several times which caused minor irritation.  In other spots, my new blade would hydroplane right over the stubble, again requiring repeat passes.  Every time I used this product I'd touch my face later in the day, and find a rough spot that I missed in the morning.Beard Lube isn't for me, but obviously, a lot of folks love the stuff.  I recommend reading the reviews and the label carefully to see if it suits your shaving style, first.
A friend recommended this product but after trying it I didn't get a smooth shave at all.  At least it smells good.  I will go back to using my Proraso.
I was looking for a wax to do in between my regular professional wax at the spa. I'm a regular but sometimes I can't get an appointment when I need it so I tried Bliss. I read all the reviews and everyone was spot on. My only issue was the fact that all the wax is not usable. All the product left on the sides of the cup never melts. I think that's a waste of money. The other thing is that it works better with small amounts of hair. I learned that the hard way.:(So all in all, I use it when I need a quick in between job but it certainly won't replace my trip to the spa!
I terribly miss the old Poetic Waxing kit that came in a metal mug. Yes, it took longer to warm on the stove. Yes, I needed a dedicated saucepan that I used only to warm my wax, since wax got on the saucepan and was hard/impossible to clean. HOWEVER, I feel the microwave kit takes extra time too, and takes more attention/effort in the warming period, and results in waste of wax, and, as others have mentioned is smaller so is even MORE expensive per use than the original, which is sort of amazing given how much these have always cost.In the microwave cup, the wax melts inconsistently and so I need to microwave, try to stir half-melted-half-hard wax, again microwave, again try to stir half-melted-half-hard wax, repeat six or seven times total. Also, I DISLIKE microwaving plastic. Yes, all sorts of industries tell us that microwaving plastic is safe. Girl, please.But my main beef with the microwave kit is that in the actual process of waxing, as I dip the applicator into the wax and the scrape the excess off before applying it to my hairy person, most of the wax transfers to the inside walls of the microwave cup and hardens there. So that the next time I get out the wax kit, I have somehow scrape or chip the wax off the sides and into the bottom. I find that I can't get it all off, and it doesn't melt down, and so that's wax that gets wasted. And yes, as other comments have mentioned, the whole kit seems smaller and even MORE expensive. Every time I've used the microwave version of the kit, I felt insulted. It's poor design, and for the high price, I expect better.One thing that remains excellent about the kit: the wax itself. It takes hair off. I've tried the inexpensive Parissa kit, and the wax in that kit is very ineffective compared to the Bliss wax.(On a related note, there's a vendor here on Amazon who sells dead stock of the original waxing kit. I don't recommend that you buy one of those. They are six years old and for some reason, the wax doesn't perform like the Poetic wax we love. Perhaps this is due to the age of the kits, or perhaps the kits are defective, which is how the seller got a hold of the kits in the first place.)Here's the silver lining! By brutally discontinuing my favorite waxing kit that I faithfully bought for years, Bliss has ultimately done me a favor. I'm now setting out to recreate the Original Poetic Waxing Kit experience on my own. I'm going to buy a wide, deep, and inexpensive enamel cup. I already have a set of 100 Gigi wooden applicators (way cheap here on Amazon, and in a wider range of useful sizes than is provided in the Bliss kit). And I WILL find a nice blue wax that performs as well as the Poetic Waxing wax. I'm going to try Starpil blue wax cubes (also available here on Amazon). If I can get it to work well, I will save so much money.Hmph. So there.
I'm an experienced waxer, but this 'hard' wax was new for me.  I didn't like it.  I feel that you have to use way too much product to get the consistency correct so that you can then pull it off.I much prefer the 'soft' wax that you have to use cloth strips to remove.  For $45 you really don't get a lot of wax.  This wax is pretty - shiny blue.  That makes it easy to see the tiny spots you may have missed.  It heated up exactly like the instructions said it would in my microwave.  But, I returned this to Sephora (which has an excellent return policy!!) after my attempt.  It's just not for me.Instead, I got the 'Satin Smooth' electric wax heater and I LOVE that.
There's nothing blissful or particularly poetic about my experience with Bliss' blue wax extravaganza. Melting the wax is relatively easy, albeit time consuming and gooey. Applying the wax is simple but messy. Ripping patches of blue wax off? You have to scratch enough of the wax up to get a good grip before yanking the hairs out. Oh, you want to remove all the hair simultaneously? Good luck! Because it won't happen. Rogue hairs will remain amidst the bald patches. Then what? Do you shave? Tweeze? Apply more wax? The only certainty: you won't win. Particularly irksome are the thin patches of blue sludge that need to be picked at like a four day old scab. Pick, pick, pick. Scratch, scratch, scratch. Your skin will be pink and grumpy. An hour after waxing my leg is still tingling with hot rage. I managed to do about 1/4 of my calf before giving up.Side note: Everything in this kit smells like roses- but not in a good way. If President Snow's genetically engineered roses were a real thing, they would smell just like this wax.
I like the convenience of the microwaveable cup but it's not working as well at the old metal cup. Disappointed.
I would not order again....it is very messy to use and I would rather go to a salon for salon results.
First off, the new kit contains less wax compared to the old kit. The amount of wax is &#34;okay&#34; if you only need to wax your face. I can see how a person could wax one leg with one kit.The microwave method of heating the wax is so inferior to the old method of boiling on the stove in a pan of water. The microwave heats the wax unevenly and you have to constantly stir it as it heats. This is very messy and in your microwave and all over your kitchen. The wax cools down way too fast. The old kit was great. Once the wax was heated, it stayed warm in the tin cup until you were finished waxing.I still do like the wax, but I will have to search for an alternative.
I first used this in a W hotel where Bliss products were provided. It worked perfectly on my face and there was enough in the mini bottle to last a few weeks after I got home. Unfortunately, after using this new large bottle my face has broken out. It is not the same consistency as the mini bottle...seems a lot more watery and the micro scrubber beads aren't even noticeable. Very disappointed. I won't use this again.
(Got mine at my local dept store.)I really wanted to love this face wash based on the reviews, but it just didn't work out that way. I've used all kinds of different washes from Clearasil to Axe to Proactiv, foaming to cream to exfoliating- basically, I know what clean skin feels like. This cleanser smells like bubblegum, foams up little but nicely, and literally just washes off without taking most of the daily dirt out of my skin. How do I know? Because when I wipe my usual toner across my face afterwards, it comes off of my face dark brown with dirt and impurities. This product Does cleanse, but expect to wash your face a good three times (And definitely with a brush/washcloth!) to get a decently deep clean. I wouldn't recommend Bliss products to anyone, and I have no idea where all the hype is coming from.
This dried out my skin so bad that it felt tight and uncomfortable. Would not recommend this unless you have very oily skin.
I wonder how long had this product been on the shelves.  Jar was shabby, scratched and dirty. It was going to be a present. I bought it here because Molton Brown did not have it at the moment.
i dont often do reviews but i thought this product needed one..i was very excited to get this paintbox palette to store my makeupHowever it came cracked in two places because of: 1) lame packaging {it came in a bubbled envelope} and 2) i thought the plastic was not very sturdy and easily breakable..A better buy?? Search "BOBBIN CASES"...alot of them are cheaper, trasnparent, sturdier and youd get better value for your money!
I am a professional makeup artist, and I use palettes all the time to re-pot my makeup which saves a ton of space in my mobile makeup kit.  I have bought palettes from Japonesque before, but THIS one feels very cheap.  It's made from very thin, lightweight plastic. I feel like it would crack so easily if anything heavy were to be set on top of it, or if it were to be over-crowded tightly in my makeup kit, which is very likely.  I am not going to return it, as I can still use it, I will probably just keep this one at my permanent salon station rather than transport it in my mobile kit, just to keep it in one piece.
the individual divisions for lipsticks were too large for my preference on one side and on the other side they were much too shalow. this is not as well designed as the previous small containers with smaller more equal divisions. i would have preferred the older smaller box with a mirror on the opposing side with a sturdier case as them used to melt and warp if accidentally left in the sun too long
My fault I suppose, since I think the size was stated, but it's such a tiny thing and I later found one larger (but not too large) at the dollar store for a lot cheaper.
the bottle is perfect size and sprays good with no drip.  I use it for dog training with alittle bit of vanilla for them to use their nose first and it's perfect for that. The seller on the other hand didn't follow protocall IMO.  They over charged for shipping making this item not a great buy.  then I cancelled the order and they still shipped the item the next day.  5 stars for the bottle 1 star for the seller.
It does the job. The product quality is great but the lids do not stay screwed on tightly as others. Its compact and great for traveling or carrying it for everyday. The bad thing is that for the largest case, i placed my power foundation and its a bit too small for that. i use the lid to spread the foundation and the powder gets stuck in between the screw lines and causes the container to become loose. One of the lids with a clear top, the clear part came off. now there's the use of the lid.
I wrote a review prior to this but do not see it posted which is good cause after further use I've discovered these are pretty crappy. One of the two I ordered the lid broke apart when I UN-screwed it the first time. I moved on and when I attempted to use the 2nd, the lid would not budge! After getting it off and barely even closing it, it became stuck again. It's like someone painted the inside with crazy glue. For $1 it's not too bad, but don't expect it to use it for anything long term.
These are the smallest travel jars I have ever seen. I bought them for my daughter's birthday party because they wanted to make their own lip gloss. These jars are so small it is hard to even hold them and screw the tops on and off. They constantly dropped them over and over again. One dollar a piece for the jars is very high for such a tiny jar. The description should include dimensions.
This product leaves a very oily residue on the brushes even after washing them excessively. With that being said, it does do a great job at removes makeup build up.
This product makes your brushes oily. I followed the directions when cleaning my brushes and they was too oily to use.
I received this in the mail and it was not what I was expecting! It's just like any other makeup brush cleaner! It's not worth the money and if you're going to buy this, then you might as well just buy a cheap drug store cleaner!
For the price, I'm not entirely satisfied with this brush cleaner. It's supposed to sanitize, and even though I used a small amount, I still felt like my brushes were oily instead of when I normally wash them with hand dishwasher soap and little bit of olive oil. The scent is a bit on the strong citrus side, which didn't bother me.My brushes lost hair though because of this, it even ruined one of my brushes completely. I tried soaking a large powder brush (just some of the hair, didn't drench it) and all of the hairs came lose! It was from a set, and luckily I was able to get a replacement.Since I bought such a bit bottle though, I guess I'll try to use it a little bit for "heavy" sanitation, but I'll need to be careful so that it doesn't ruin any more brushes.
I bought this in hopes of a great smelling Antiperspirant that uses nicer ingredients. It smells great, however it gave me a pretty bad rash.
To start, I love Jack Black stuff.  I'm kind of a grooming snob, so I don't mind paying more for products that actually work.  After reading the various reviews, I decided to give this a whirl.The good bits:1) It smells good.The not-so-good bits:1) As an antiperspirant, it is pretty crummy.  In fact, I went back to Right Guard after trying to work with this product for 3-4 weeks.  I'm not a particularly sweaty guy, but I would get damp pits about 30 minutes after applying this product.2) That whole smells good thing I mentioned above?  That only lasts about 4 hours, then I would start to get pretty musky smelling.  It should be pointed out that I have never particularly been a sweaty, musky smelling kind of guy.  Oh, and I have a desk job, so it isn't like my job gets me particularly lathered up.3) This is easily the worst antiperspirant or deodorant that I have tried in the last 30 years.  No kidding.4) I paid how damned much for this?I really wanted to like this stuff.  Really, I did, if only to justify how much I spent on it.  I tried it for 3-4 weeks, just in case it was taking a while for my body to adjust, but it just simply doesn't work for me, pretty much at all.  Obviously, your experience might be different.  On the bright side, my 8-year-old has started to need deodorant and probably can now claim the title for "Most Expensive Deodorant Used by a 2nd Grader."  That'll look great on his resume one day.*****Updated June 1st, 2014*****Lookit, I'm not trying to invalidate anyone else's experience, just relating my personal experience with this product.  If spending $16 on deodorant is what it takes to twiddle your fiddle, then have at it.  For me, this stuff performed slightly worse than average.  I have found something that works GREAT for me, however, and that's Mitchum Advanced Gel.  It claims to work for 48 hours, though I'm not likely to attempt to test that out of respect for humanity.  Best part: it costs me about $2.50.  As always, your mileage may vary.
i'm a big fan of Jack Black products, but this deodorant is a disappointment.  it leaves a residue that doesn't wash off well, even with the company's own body wash.  it protects for a lot longer than normal deodorants, but it almost isn't worth it when trying to be rid of it in the shower.
It Smells great but not great perspiration protection. Certainly not worth the hefty price tag. Will not purchase it again.
The product arrived in an envelope with a good deal of water in it.It appeared the product has melted in transportation.The product had to be Washed in soap and water before being used.After cleaning up the product was usable.I won't buy another one of these.
This product is super expensive for what you get from it: a temporary glow of your face! I was really excited to try this out from all the good reviews, but I ended up so disappointed. When you put this on your face, it foams up instantly and so you can't massage this into your skin at all or you will take off all the bubbles on your face. You have to put this on super fast in order to get the benefit of feeling the tingling from the bubbles. I haven't noticed any great long term benefits from the mask except for an immediate glow that fades fast. There are many other good bliss products (like the foaming face wash), but this is NOT worth the money!
It appears to be the same product by the out side of the container. It does not feel like the Ahava lotion I usually get. It is still lotion...but I would not pay this much for it again.
This is not their best face cream.  It is watery and the feeling of moisture on the skin doesn't last as long.  If you have it, use it, but buy the Ahava Smoothing Moisturizer (Day), normal to dry instead.I have tried many of the Ahava face products and I have settled with the smoothing moisturizer as the only irreplaceable one.  If feels a bit thick to the fingers and a little goes a long way (so it lasts a while), but it gets absorbed into the skin and feels light ... not sure what the other reviewer means that it is like cold cream .. it is nothing like that to me.That one is the best!
After using the Water lotion, I expected this to create a rich, soft, pleasant smelling lather.  The lather is skimpy and thin and apparently it's all but fragrance free.
Not as pleasant as handcream, but it's ok. Maybe is good for you, but I didn't do any resurch on it.
I had to discontinue using this product! it became too drying. Maybe this is not a product for older skin!
I used this soap bar all up, but I didn't notice any particularly healing/soothing/nourishing qualities about it.  Since then, I have found a number of much more natural soaps, without ingredients like Potassium Lauryl Sulfate or Disodium Lauryl Sulfosuccinate, etc. that are found in this soap.  Also, in case anyone reading this is allergic to corn, you may want to read the ingredient list:  when I bought it, this soap included "Corn (Zea Mays) Starch," which may be problematic.Some sources I've found for more natural soaps are Tropical Traditions (www dot tropicaltraditions.com/organic_natural_soaps.htm) and Herbaria (www dot herbariasoap.com/faqs.html#i1).  My sister recently also bought me a really nice soap bar on sale in Anthropologie, and it has a simple, clean ingredient list.
I am working a lot with my hands but didn't notice any difference with my skin condition after I used this cream even for regularly for some weeks. Still there is a nice feeling after you applied the cream, non greasy, relieving.
A couple of years ago, Ahava decided to "modernize" the look of their packaging, which is fine with me; it's what's inside the package that matters to me. Unfortunately, at the same time as they changed the packaging, they also changed the scent. The old scent was truly wonderful, unique, refreshing, reminding me of an ocean breeze. I used to use too much of it because I couldn't get enough of the great smell. The new scent is unremarkable, not distinctive at all. It smells like many other products out there. I bought a couple of botttles to see if I would get used to it & start to like it better, but not so. I used to use several of their products for men (lotion, cream, etc., which all shared the same great fragrance). Now I'm looking for a shower gel (as well as the other products) with a more pleasing fragrance. Despite my great disappointment in this changed (for the worse) product, I give this 2*, becuse it does still produce a rich lather & is effective, but it's quite a let-down from their previous 5* version!
This product is as advertised, and I'm sure there is a population for whom this is a godsend. It's not for me, though. My skin gets oily during the day, and I've been looking for a moisturizer that does not exasperate the condition, at least not too much. This product goes too far in the "eliminating the oiliness" direction for me.It left my face feeling at least as dry as it felt before I applied it. The "matifying" effect is one that I clearly didn't think through before purchasing. It leaves a very thin film that reminds me of wax; and, in places, it actually formed tiny flakes on my face.To be clear, I do not believe this is a bad product. This moisturizer performs as advertised. It's just that this product does something that isn't right for me.I'm going to stick with moisturizers "for sensitive skin" for the time being. Even though I get a little oily, I prefer the soft, pliant feeling; and it makes me look younger. There is no harm in looking younger :-)
I did place an order to get the cream manufactured in ISRAEL,but you delivered a product that was manufactured in Germany.It is very interesting:The product was manufactured in Germany, shipped to Israel andfrom israel it was shipped to the USA.I do not think that I need this deal.I can buy this cream in Philadelphia.So I can not accept this product and I require to replace it with the Ahava Hand Creammade in ISRAEL.I hope that I will get the replacement.Thank you in advance.Jacob Yagolnitse  06-05-2013
I failed to notice that this moisturizer is not oil-free, as most are these days.  In addition to the bisabolol oil mentioned in the product description (yes, it's right there, but I missed it), this product has grapefruit peel oil. The grapefruit peel oil gives a nice citrus scent to this "fragrance free" product, and it moisturizes more completely than the product I was replacing (AVEENO ULTRA-CALMING Daily Moisturizer SPF 30, 2.5-Ounces) but it's a little to greasy and tacky. I also saw no significant improvement in the irritation I'd hoped it would treat.
This product was pretty bad.  It gave me a bit of a rash as well although it could be that my skin is sensitive.  Worse though is that it was sticky on the skin.  I would definitely stay away from this.
I've tried much out of the Ahava product line, including their body lotion and hand creams, and this foot cream has failed to impress me. I was satisfied with the results of Ahava's body lotion, but this foot cream is too lightweight and unaffective to make a lasting impact on my dry feet. I notice no results the following day. I have given this product enough of a try - I'm halfway through the tube. But I've moved on to something more nourishing.
I read all the reviews and that was why I picked this lip brush. But I was very unhappy when I used it for the first time it is kind of flimsy and not made very well. The retractable part is nice though!  Might go with one that has a cap next time instead will probably be more sturdy!
Okay, this stuff is nasty!  There's no vanilla taste, just lavendar on your lips.  You eat a meal or drink something, it tastes like lavendar.  And it is thick on the lips.  Sent it back.  I want something in a tube to keep in the car, but this won't be it.  Bleh!
Was looking for something with SPF over 15 that had some flair to it.  This smells like medicinal lip balm, like carmex.
I liked this product until I learned it was pretty much pure petroleum...guess I didn't catch that when I was reading the ingredients.  Feels nice on the lips, but that stuff is no good.
I really did like this stuff...so much so that I used to keep it in my pocket at all times. Even on my bedside table. This lasted for about 5 years until recently I noticed it had parabens in in the ingredient list: Butylparaben, Isobutylparaben, and Isopropylparaben. Now I am not one to be hyper sensitive about this stuff, but the thought of something I kept on me all the time and applied daily for a chunk of my life is a turn off. Especially because many of the other [excellent] Jack Black products that I own do not have any form of paraben preservatives.Removal aligns with Jack Black's target market and overall brand image. The shelf life may decrease slightly, and possibly an expiration date imposed, but come on. I would hope they choose loyalty and transparency to customers over saving a couple dollars, especially with how well they do in the market.Conclusion: the stuff really did perform great, my girlfriend loved it, and I still haven't found a worthy replacement yet. As for me though, until they remove the parabens like some of their other products, I'm going to keep trying to find a new every day balm.
This product has a great SPF including avobenzone for UVA protection (which is crucial for daytime skincare as lips don't "burn" like face and body skin does but are definitely susceptible to signs of premature ageing from unprotected sun exposure).  It also has a lovely moisturizing base.  So why spoil this otherwise exceptional formulation with the inclusion of mint, which serves no skincare benefit but DOES cause irritation, especially to chapped, dry lips?I gave this a try as the base formula (aside from the mint) looked too good to resist.  Alas, upon applying the product to my lips they were burning and tingling and I rushed to remove the product (and promptly returned it to place of purchase).I emailed Jack Black and requested a non-flavoured formula (or at least a nonvolatile flavouring like vanilla, chamomile or almond) but this was over a year ago and it seems they were not interested in my suggestion as the only version of this product available remains the mint formula.  What a shame as, without the mint, this product would be superb.
I like the consistency of this balm and the high SPF, but the mango & mandarin flavor is truly awful. It tastes like I've bitten into a bar of soap! Not sure I want to risk trying another flavor since it's relatively expensive for a lip balm.
Love this product, very moisturizing. I have been looking for a product like this for a long time, works great
Listen, for what it's worth this product DOES NOT contain natural ingredients, nor does it pretend to do so.  With that let's just take this review from that vantage point.  I would expect something that costs this much to be at least on the edge of natural plant or organically derived ingredients, or at the very least an exceptional moisture experience.  Neither is the case.  This balm is also shiny on your lips.  I often find myself dabbing them so I don't look like I'm wearing gloss.  Perhaps not an issue to people, but I want you to notice how moist my lips are, not that you can do your hair in them.This is just like any other chap stick I've used out of a plastic tube (e.g. carmex, vaseline, chapstick).  It smells great and the other varieties are unique "flavors" but this isn't any better.  In fact, the other brands I've used had labels that lasted the entire duration of use.  You could scrape half of the label off by putting it in your pocket wrong and catching a denim rivet.  $8 for a name brand at this point.
I tried this product because Jack Black hand healer worked so well for me.  i used this for several weeks and don't see much difference,
After reading countless great reviews (see Temptalia) on this product, I decided to purchase this.  I like how the tube is individually plastic wrapped but that's about it.  The product has the same consistency as drugstore cheap, Aquaphor.  However, Aquaphor does not have an SPF.  I purchased the Grapefruit & Ginger "flavor."  The fragrance isn't overpowering and the product applies easily...again, like Aquaphor.  I do like the product but not at $7.  For those who have an adverse reaction to SPFs, camphor/menthol in lip balms, give Aquaphor a try.
Purchased this product after reading good reviews in an editorial. Looks like it was just product placement. This just just an average pomade that is:-actually rather hard and difficult to apply-neutral fragrance-not easy to wash off
I really hate to give negative reviews. But three wash/rinse cycles a day with my shampoo to get it partially out of my hair... Not worth it. You'll scrub the shampoo into your hair and as the pomade slowly comes out, it's so greasy that it kills the suds and renders the shampoo useless. The cycle continues until you run out of shampoo and/or destroy your hair.I got so sick of wasting expensive shampoo that I tried using Palm Olive dish washing soap. Two wash/rinse cycles of Palm Olive followed by two wash/rinse cycles of shampoo, and the pomade still isn't out of my hair.My mistake for assuming that a company as great as Baxter of California would release a water-insoluble pomade.The sad part is that the pomade looks great during the day and works well with my thick hair... But it's just not worth it...
This stuff seems great conceptually, but it is very hard to apply to black hair.It leaves residue and may not be best suited for coarse hair.Pros: don't really need a whole lot to see the affects.Smells pretty good.Cons: not good for black hair (can see residue)PriceyLittle tough to wash out.
While this product holds your hair well, it contains too much clay for my liking. I literally felt like I had clay in my hair all day and when I would run my hand through my hair during the day, it would come out with a bit of clay on it such that I felt the need to then wash my hands.I much preferAmerican Crew Fiber 3.0 oz.which performs nearly almost as well but doesn't leave your hair all clay-like. It's also cheaper.On the plus side, this product comes in a nice cool glass can and smells great.
I ordered this thinking it would give a silky or glistening look to my skin.  It soaks right in and leaves a few glitter specks.  Not at all what I was looking for...Not really worth the money...
The bottle leaks everytime you use this product.  It doesn't have as much coverage as I thought it would.  Overall I am not that pleased...and the price?  too much......
first of all the picture makes the palette look amazing and great for what we need, but when I got my pallet it look very cheap, I mean the inside is very thin and the divers get stuck and lipstick gets everywhere and does not look clean or should I say, it does not keep clean also the lipstick holders melts and shrink.  also when you heat/warm your lipstick so it can go nice and neat on to the plastic it melts and becomes flat.. its just doesn't work if you want to use it never warm your palette because it shrinks to become flat and then you cant use it..
I was hoping to use this palette for melting down my lipsticks and pouring them into the compartments.First of all, they are tiny little slots, less than half a tube would fit in themAnd second of all the plastic rises up when you pour the warm/hot melted lipstick in it.I hated it, thankfully Japonesque allowed me to return this product.If you were just crushing a small amount of lipstick into the palette, it would be fine.
I was disappointed that the seal was broken when I received the Ahava. I wonder if the seller had used the product and then added a different cream to make it look full. I have been using this product for a long time and I know what the texture and smell is suppose to be.
Has that cheap lotion smell which is very strong.  Its also so light and watery it doesn't moisturize.  Not recommended.
On my third bottle of this gel.  It seemed great at first, good volume, goes on clean etc. But the last bottle I got of it seems a bit sour.  Whereas I loved the aroma of this stuff at first, it now strikes me like they just didn't get the mixture right.  Not sure if it's a bad batch or a change to the entire product.I will say that the Jack Black hand creme is an excellent product to which I am deeply committed.  You can't go wrong there.  As for this hair gel, I'm going back to Khiel's.
got this to go with the matching Baxter shampoo.  the conditioner bottle itself needed an adjustment with a Leatherman needle-nosed pliers; the nozzle wouldn't pop out no matter how many times you turned it (at least one other reviewer had the same problem).  once adjusted, the bottle was fine.  texturally, the conditioner feels like any other conditioner on the grocery market shelf.  it does smell pleasantly of mint, and initially left my scalp tingling.  i have pacific islander hair: straight and very thick.  after a final rinse, my hair felt manageable and clean.  but my scalp has felt itchier than normal since using this product.  i can't say this conditioner is as good as Nexxus Humectress or the Suave equivalent.
While the mint smell of this conditioner is nice because it's not overwhelming, that's about the only good thing I can say about it. I'm just not sure why it's priced at $15 when it's chock full of chemicals that most higher quality companies have been leaving out of their shampoos and conditioners for years. And after using it, it didn't work well enough to make it worth that price tag, either - my hair felt like I'd used any old bottle of drugstore/supermarket conditioner. The only reason I'm not throwing it away is because I can tuck it aside in case I run out of a better conditioner and forget to go to the store to pick up more.
Accidentally ordered Prosecco instead of Santorini and was very disappointed. The smell is just "blah"; you can find something similar at any store and pay way less than $25 per 100 ml. It smells cheap. The rate of evaporation in our dry climate is pretty fast, but I knew and accepted that. Would only buy Santorini fragrance in the future because I cannot find anything remotely similar to it. Also, if you hope Antica Farmacista's reeds will fill with fragrance anything bigger than a regular powder room, most likely, you will be disappointed, but it works just fine for small enclosed areas.
Smells great but the oil evaporated much too quickly. The bottle size though it perfect to use with the Paddywax Botanical Fragrance Diffuser oil, Orange Blossom. If you get this Antica Diffuser, save the bottle and refill it with the longer lasting oil. The size works perfect for the Botanical oil which lost it's fragrance in the larger bottle that it comes in.
Thought it would arrive in a package. however we got the sticks and fragrance just wrapped in bubble wrap. Hard to gift wrap without looking like a cheapo used item. Fragrance was given as a gift.
The scent was not as strong or lasting as the previous bottles I have ordered. I had to reposition the reeds too often.
Before I begin, I want to be clear that this review is for the seller and not for the product itself. I initially fell in love with Antica Farmacista &#34;Acqua&#34; after I purchased a small diffuser at Nordstrom. After I ran out, I decided to purchase an even bigger bottle at Amazon, since I had an Amazon gift card. Boy, was I disappointed. Like other reviewers have commented, I have a sneaking suspicion this product is NOT AUTHENTIC -- and if it is, the product certainly must have been watered down. My tiny little bottle from Nordstrom filled a room with fragrance, the 250 mL big bottle from this Amazon seller does NOTHING. I can't smell it unless I put my nose an inch away. My order did indeed come with the reeds, but they were packaged so tightly in the tiny box that they arrived bent -- not a good look. I'll be buying my Antica Farmacista fragrances from Nordstrom from now on and recommend you do the same.
Not worth what I paid for,unless you are right next to it you can't smell it, fragrance is not strong at all to fill out even a small room.
I had smelled this brand, product & particular fragrance in a friend's home...a person who doesn't buy anything but the real thing. I tested it in my home & decided I liked it very much. However when I received the product from Amz I really felt that it was not the real manufacturer. Something about the smell (not fragrance) went to my nose in a sort of a cheap perfume way & I really don't think it had the quality that my friend's bottle did. The packaging was fine...however no box was not cool. I left one bottle open to live with & my daughter loved it! The other bottle was for her. Because of me she had already bought one for her NY apt so I felt if she was happy that I would let it go. My nose is very sensitive & cheap fragrances just don't pass the test. So I will look for it in a store & do the nose test to prove my theory one way or another & then smell my friend's again when I visit her...odd but all the bottles I am talking about are the $25.00 size thou I only see the $62 size in stores......
I have ordered directly from Antica Farmacista many times and love the product. Since it was cheaper via Amazon, I decided to order through them. Not only were the diffuser sticks missing from my order, but when I opened up the bottle, the scent was almost non-existent. I will only order this product directly through Antica Farmacista.
Very little scent or diffusion very disappointing. not worth the cost either. small bottle as well - skip this one.
For the price I expected to at least receive something that I could use. I just got a bubblewrapped bottle of very expensive diffuser oil without anything to diffuse the oil with. There were no reeds. For the price I paid I would expect to get the complete item... Beware.
Doesn't give you very much color and it sprays very unevenly, I suggest mystic tan home spray..way better for the money.
I bought this item based on what I've heard about the quality of Jack Black products and the ratings other users have given it. I have used the product several times now and I feel that it really doesn't do the job that it advertises. While the scent is nice, it is too thin and my electric razor does not glide along my face cutting the hairs easier. It's like my razor just pushes the product away from the hair causing my razor to stick and not move along my face. I have had to reapply product several times during a single shave and this still provides far from an adequate shave. I have seen a few other similar reviews online that initially, I paid no attention to. However, my experience seems to fall right in line with these other reviews. I hope the other Jack Black products are better than this.
this product has a nice aroma , but takes to long to dry before one can use the electric shaver .  even after it dries it seems to have too much drag when shaving .. i will not reorder
The tube crimp was not sealed therefore the product comes out both ends, more on the end that isn't sealed.Will not place any further orders!
Not a fan of this personally. My hair is thin and it doesn't hold well with this.It does smell great but i personally use Garnier Fructis Survivor Rough It Putty and cant get avoid it
This stuff makes works well, however when it dries your hair looks a little lighter, then if you rub your head it flakes off making you look like you have dandruff.
I received samples of these from the Nuxe company when I ordered their expressions lines cream and I in general love Nuxe products but this serum didn't work at all as the sample products did, when i used the sample serum i noticed the difference in my skin the next morning, but this ive used up 3/4 of the bottle and i dont think it is doing anything for my skin. It did not diminish my freckles, or brighten my skin, plus the product had a strange consistency and different smell, it was more thicker then the sample product, the sample was more fresher and liquid-y but this may be I got a defective product.
Pros:Good Price for the Ahava brandCons:As with most sunscreen; has a white cast if you have a dark complexionSmells like sunscreen with perfumeNot moisturizingFYI:I have medium dark skin. This product may be moisturizing for someone with normal skin: i have combination skin.
This product was good for my sensitive skin, as it did not give me any reaction. Although I wanted it as a daily moisturizer with high protection. It is too thick to put on my face and it left me looking white! I looked ghostly, quite unflattering!
I really didn't like that this just came In a plastic case like it doesn't even come in the orange/ brownish case it shows in the picture I'm very disappointed because no one in the description did it say that .
The product itself is great and arrived on time. However did not come as I expected. The seller clearly does not care what is written in the description and what is in the picture. I thought I was ordering a product in a case. I did not know I was ordering a refill. If I knew I was ordering a refill and had a case to refill it with, I would be a happy customer. Based on other reviews, the seller is consistent about not informing people exactly what they are ordering. I will avoid ordering any make up from them in the future unless I need a refill or feel like playing roulette with what product I might actually get.
I ordered this for my little sister as a gift. I was expecting it to come as pictured; instead I found the shadow loose in a flimsy plastic cup, not in the brown casing as it is pictured. Maybe I read the description incorrectly, but this was not what I was expecting. Other than the casing, the shadow was mailed rather prompt and it was not damaged or cracked from the mailing process.
I've seen no results. Don't waste your money!
Still have rolls. But It feels crisp. Tingly and soothing once it's rubbed in. I just didn't see much of a result. I still have the rolly pollies
After 2 weeks of use, I haven't seen much difference in my stomach and "muffin top" areas with this product. I eat pretty well and work out 4 times a week with abdominal work every morning and so I think if anything, that's what's working for me. It has a nice tingly sensation and the smell is very subtle but this is pretty pricey for it not being a sensational product. I probably won't buy it again if I don't see better results in a few weeks....
I'm just not seeing the desired results!!!! I think this is going to be another one of those &#34; alot of hype for nothing&#34;!!!! It just erks me that these pricey items just  don't seem t work!!!!!
How do you say. This piece of goods bought was an accident. The return of the time, sellers and transport companies received a high transport costs, almost close to its commodity prices. Suggest that you really need to consider carefully before buying.
I ordered this because I like Bliss products and enjoy a nice scrub. Before I ordered I noticed several people commented on the smell and I thought "Well, of course it has a smell there is rosemary and eucalyptus!" The smell is NOT like either rosemary or eucalyptus both of which I raise. It is like - of all things - industrial strength bathroom cleaner. This smells exactly like many showers I used back in days of gym and basketball. Not a spa like smell at all. My first disappointing Bliss purchase. I would NOT recommend this product to anyone.
I am chapstick/lipgloss junkie, but I don't really like this product. I like the angled applicator, and the texture is pleasing (silky, not sticky), but the flavor/scent is gross. I know the mojito flavor has to be fake in this type of product, but the flavor is not appealing at all.
Baxter of California bills itself as the "evolution of men's grooming," and this mojito flavored lip balm is apparently the one of newest developments in that evolution.  It went on well, and left my lips feeling a bit greasy, which is typical for chapstick or lip balm.  It had a mild but definite flavor of sweet mint, which I take to be "mojito" flavored.My main gripe is that it is noticably shiny, more of a lip gloss than a lip balm.  It could be good if that's your thing, but I don't really want my evolved men's grooming products to be visible, so I'm giving it a pass.
The smell of this  lip balm is so good, its like a freshly made mojito on my lips...just without the feel good buzz a real mojito comes with. Being a lipgloss junkie, I was excited to try this product. I know its made for men, but my brother refused both the body wash from Baxter of California (the floral and cassis) and this, so I figured might as well. It's a very standard lipgloss in terms of its feel and the shape of the container. An angled applicator makes for ease of application, and the tubes contents are sticky and clear. My love affair with this non-alcoholic mojito ended here...I felt like I had to apply way more than necessary to get an even coat all over my lips. Then it ended up being sticky but not too shiny. And it didn't last at all, maybe about 20 minutes until I felt the need to reapply. But it did leave my lips soft so it did its job, I just don't want to reapply multiple times throughout the hour. As for the ingredients, some of the other reviewers did an excellent job pointing out that Retinyl Palmitate is probably not an ingredient you want to put on your lips. I'd toss this product in the trash but I already misplaced it...oh well.
I was given this product as a gift many years ago - back when the soak was still made in Italy and the packaging was an actual glass jar.  Back then, it was a fabulous soak that smelled and felt heavenly.The more modern version, which is no longer made in Italy, barely has any perfume/odor.  There's no longer anything heavenly about it!
Great packaging. Smells nice. Filmy. I felt like a residue was left on my face after cleansing. Won't buy again.
Very hard to understand why a cleanser for sensitive skin would have fragrance in it. The cleanser irritates very sensitive skin, which is a pity because otherwise there are many things I like about it. It is non-drying for the very dry skin on my cheeks (one of the very few I know of) and balances oil production in the T-zone. Leaves absolutely no greasy film after patting face dry. I think that it also makes skin look radiant, although my own very sensitive skin in the end looks "radiantly irritated."
This polish goes on much lighter than the bottle color indicates. It's also thin in texture and takes more than two coats to cover properly. I would not purchase this brand again.
I love the vibrant color of this polish but wouldn't pay the price for it again. It chipped off like any of the cheaper brands do so I am not sure what the higher price is for. The name on the bottle? No thank you. Other brands are making this same color for a fraction on the cost.
This is a men's mask.  And my husband was not impressed.  I thought that it might be nice for him since he works outside and his handsome face takes such a beating.  He did use another product of mine that doesn't dry on the face.it was more of a cream mask.  This mask is nothing special, even when we glopped a lot on it was still a thin layer.  We avoided his beard and stache. He was not a fan of the smell and initially wanted to take it off right away.  He said it smelled like the talcum powder in his grandma's bathroom.  After waiting for the mask to dry we washed it off and it took several rinses and a washcloth to really get it off.  His skin was softer.  But he said it didn't like the feeling, his skin felt dry.  All and all he was not impressed.  He thought the idea of a men's face care line was great, but ultimately the product was not for him.
This facial mask is designed for men, but I am the one who tried it.  My skin is fairly sensitive, but also oily and can feel dirty even when it's washed.  Facial masks are a great way to get deep cleansing of the skin - sort of a reboot.  This mask works well, although it isn't demonstrably better than any other mask I've tried.  My husband tried it and didn't think it did a whole lot for him.  Nice product, but a bit expensive for the result.
When I selected this item, I did not know it was marketed to men. However, I did try the mask myself before asking my husband to use it. It comes out of the tube white and scent free. I applied as per directions, and within minutes the "clay" began to harden, causing a tight feeling. When I washed it off, my skin felt unpleasantly tight. My husband had the same sensation. Overall, the result was not one I enjoyed. I don't think the men I know will use such a product.
I made a mistake in getting this product. I saw clay mask and quickly jumped. So when it arrived and said it was for men I was a little disappointed. I had to turn around and tell my husband that it was imperative that he let me slather this all over his face. He wasn't extremely happy with me but he yielded with the exception that he apply it.Once he washed his face he applied the slightest film and I kept telling him to apply more. His first reaction was, well that's cost effective. So that being said, I've used a lot of masks myself and I noticed that this one seemed to separate and didn't look like my own masks when drying. So I decided to try it for myself using a bit more product with the same results. This definitely leaves the skin soft which is what I love in masks but I'm not sure it did much else. After a few applications I didn't notice any difference with my husbands face.I'll certainly make him continue this routine and insist that he use it until it's gone but I'm not sure if that will change the results any. For now I'm not majorly impressed. I think for the price I could find him something at the drug store that would work the same if not better for a fraction of the price. I myself use a mask that's approximately $10 more with way better results. That brand also has a line for men and if I really pushed the matter I would purchase that for my husband.
This seemed the perfect item to let a good friend of mine test out, since I knew he'd enjoy it and have expertise to share; he not only has man-skin, but he also has a cosmetology license and a cabinet full of skin care products that suggest he could offer an informed opinion. Besides, it was high time I did something nice for him. Here's what he had to say after trying it out:"This facial product targeted towards men comes in an easy to open tube.  You apply it to your clean  face and neck avoiding the eye area.  It dries in 5 to 10 minutes.  You then remove it using warm water."I tried this product before my morning shower.  It went on much smoother than the masks I am accustomed to using.  It felt creamier and got into difficult areas around nose and creases in neck.  Drying time really depends on oil content of your skin.  It actually took about 12 minutes to totally dry on my face, especially around my nose where I have high oil concentration.  It came off quite smoothly in the shower and did not get stuck in hairy areas of my mustache, eyebrows, and hair line.  It did provide me with an invigorating tingling feeling that I enjoy and seemed to remove blackheads well."The only thing prohibitive of regular usage would be the cost.  My normal facial mask product is Queen Helene Mudd Pack or Mint Julep which sells for $4 for 8 ounces.  This product is $18 for 4 oz."On a scale of 1 through 10 I would give this product a 3."
But the lipstick arrived broken leaving me with less than half.The tube was pretty oily as well.I would buy again I just wouldn't have it shipped.
I accidentally posted this review for the Antioxidant Serum (which I deleted)This is expensive, for what it is. The scent is too strong, especially for a company that is promoting &#34;natural&#34; and &#34;organic&#34;. All of the American Health & Beauty manufacturers hide chemicals in &#34;Fragrance&#34;; according to the FDA guidelines allow and EWG (EWG.org). The cap does not stay on tight, which is a big concern, so I am trying to use it fast. The texture is very light, not oily, like many serums. A tiny bit tacky after it dries. It does not provide much hydration. I purchased mine from either SkincareRx or Lovelyskin, I forget. But always be careful where you purchase beauty products from; they could be knock offs or expired.
Was very excited to try these natural products. The smell was horrible for three of the five products. Would not be able to use them. The cleanser was tolerable. Love the idea, but did not like the products.
Was not impressed - but would probably be a good fit for someone with more sensitive skin. I needed more than this.
I had heard good things about Juice Beauty, so I was excited to give it a try.  I have been on Proactiv for several years and it had mainly kept my skin clear, but it also made my skin extremely dry and look more aged than it should (I'm 29).  Plus, I figure anything that discolors my towels and clothing is no good.  I was glad to switch to something organic.  It has been 3 weeks now and now I remember why I started Proactiv in the first place, because my moderate acne came right back within just a day of starting Juice Beauty.  I decided to remain patient in case my skin needed to adjust to the new product, but the acne just kept getting worse.  On the positive side, my skin felt instantly more moisturized thanks to this product, but the acne doesn't justify this, of course.  I will continue the search for a product that keeps my skin feeling moist, and also attacks the acne, but know that Juice Beauty just isn't the solution for me.
The more i research organic lines, the more i become disappointed. Apparently they can say USDA approved if 95% of their product is organic. You can bet (in most cases) that the 5% are synthetic preservatives. One lesson I've learned, if you can't eat it, don't put it on your skin. 60% of all toxins in skin care enter your blood stream through the skin. This was proven with scientific research. I read the ingredients list on the back of Juice Beauty, they don't look edible to me.Here is a line i found that actually is 100% organic. Tru Earth Skin Care. Seems like a small company actually, which actually makes me like it more. They are handcrafted, and raw. They have some other wonderful items I'm planning to purchase. I like that they retail for E3live too, cause i know for a fact that company is legit, and they won't do business with any company that isn't truly natural.Heres the site: [...]
Whoopee do-da, it has sparkles. I will stick with my trusted Target for nail polishes. You definitely need a base color to make this look nice. Not worth my $18.
I have a nail polish addiction. I used a birthday amazon gift card to treat myself to a deborah lippmann nail polish.  The product was just okay. It was very sheer and the description did not specify. The glitter chipped easily and was scaly no matter how many coats of clear coat I put on. I will try a solid color next but as of right now I don't feel the name brand is worth almost $20 a bottle. Sorry Deborah. &#60;3
Very pretty glitter, but I abhor the polish color! A very runny black so you have to be wearing dark nail polish under this polish to make it work at all. Plus, the glitter that the brush deposits are few and far between. Will not purchase again.
I thought I was getting a red polish with red flakes. The color is black with red flakes. Not at all what I expected. $22 is a lot for the wrong polish.
Love this line of nail polish, but not this one. Glitter too big.  I tried to return, but amazon wont let you return nail polish as it is a hazardous product.  Wont by nail polish again on line at amazon.
The colors in this are great. They feel like stars. However, I've purchased purchased nail polish from the dollar store that covers as well and goes on just as easily.
While it's true that DL polishes may be worth the investment, akin to Butter London, RBL and other high end polishes, this one isn't worth the money. Multi-colored glitter suspended in clear, there is a very cheap duplicate out there that no one really realizes is almost a dead ringer. The glitter from Milani's Jewel FX line called 'gems' is 99% the same thing, the only difference is Happy Birthday contains square glitter (the smaller glitter) and Gems is all hex glitter. You can BARELY tell the difference unless you take a close macro shot of them side by side. At least its comparable to the old formula before DL changed the coloration of Happy Birthday to a more pinkish tone. Seek out gems before you drop big bucks on this DL shade, buy the dupe and save your money for another DL polish that isn't easy to copy.
I actually own the real thing (got it direct from Stila) and it's honestly not that good anyways.  The consistency isn't good...it's not concentrated and won't go on opaque.  The concealer itself is bloody hard to use so I use a brush to pat it on my face.  This doesn't cover even the faintest of blemishes, which kinda is the point of concealer yeah?  To cover up blemishes?  I ended up using it to neutralize the color of my lips before putting on lipstick, that's really the only use I could find out of it.  I see why Stila always has it on sale...it's not good :/ Sorry Stila, I normally love your products but this is horrible!
Sadly the product did not match up o the price and description. I have other Jack Black products, and they are very good. Each of the other products like bar soap or hand lotions are amazing. This isn't it is not any better than $2 a bottle common hair shampoo from Walmart.
Showed up with the seal only half sealed, leaking all over the place. Good thing they shrink wrapped it because about 1/4 ended up in the packaging. There's no way you'd want to travel with it in the tub.First impressions, it looks like a tub of white snot. It's lumpy, and runny. It's like they took normal shaving cream and added oil. While it doesn't lather much, it does shave well. It feels thick and creamy, and very, very slippery. Much like shaving with both cream and oil at the same time. It smells strongly of glycerin, but the smell is mostly gone after a rinse and completely gone within an hour. It's not an overly offensive smell, but it's nowhere near the "fragrance free" they advertise.Compared to one of my favorites,Taylor of Old Bond Street Eton College Shaving Cream Jar, the Jack Black gives a thicker feel and a slightly smoother shave. However, if you combined most other creams with a pre-shave oil you'd get similar or better results. Given that it doesn't take much lathering, I suspect it will be easier for the novice to get a good result on the first try. Taylor of Old Bond Street offers their cream in many scents, Jack Black has the one. Ounce per ounce they are about equally priced, but the consistency of the Jack Black means you need more of it per shave. I suspect an 8oz tub of Jack Black won't last nearly as long as a 5.3oz tub of Taylor. Finally, while the poor packaging might be a fluke, poor quality control really turns me off of a product. I'd give it four stars, but the packaging and odor drop that to two. For the price I expect better.
Tried this after becoming very disappointed with the AOS (art of shaving) shaving cream line. This wasn't the solution. Ingredient list has all the right stuff, but I find the lather to be extremely weak. Very very small layer of protection even when I use a generous amount of cream. Can't even use my badger brush and a bowl to bring a healthy lather, just won't work. Experimented with proper amounts of water several times to see if I could find the right consistency, but could never find it. I would amount this to being the shaving cream. I will continue my search as this product just wasn't for me. The art of shaving provides a better leather, but is very drying. This product makes canned gillette creams look like the &#34;cream of the crop&#34;.
I bought this because I use Jack Black deodorant, body wash and lotion and love them. I really wanted to like this product. I tried it twice and it does not create a nice creamy lather like other creams, it's clumpy. When you make a pass and rinse the razor off, it comes off in a big chunk. It gucks up the blade and isn't very comfortable to shave with. I went back to using my Art of Shaving cream which I like a lot! I wish this was a better procuct that lived up to the Jack Black brand but it left me disappointed.Perhaps I got a bad/defective product?
This stuff is so rich & thick - I can barely shave with it.I prefer Jack Black Beard Lube - much better.
Have tried several products including Van Der Hagen, Colonel, Conk, Proraso, Kiss My Face and several others. This item here worked pretty well in terms of creating a good rich lather rapidly and lubricating the shave. However, I would still have to give a slightly better rating to Kiss My Face which I felt lubricated the razor a little better, gave me a slightly closer shave and in my personal opinion I prefer KMF's lime scent. Price was not a factor but just adding icing. KMF was about half the price. Only knock - the name!UPDATE: After several months I am forced to downgrade this product. Since then I have tried a few others including Trufitt & Hill, Taylor of Old Bond Street, Geo F Trumper, Spieco Shaving Stick, and Art of Shaving and each of these outperformed Jack Black in terms of glide, closeness of shave, blood spilled, and irritation. In fact Kiss My face still remains my "go-to" cream if I had to choose only one product. To be more clear - I have tried this again recently and now I have designated it as second to worst - worst being shaving with kosher salt.
I liked the scent and simple ingredient list of this conditioner, but found it to leave my hair dull without enough moisture. I expected better results for the price. Will not purchase again.
Was really thick like old Chapstick.  Probably won't buy anymore since you get like three sticks with the kit. Not moist
1: I had to go to the post office to pick up. I was then told three was 0.66 due for postage. This item was 0.15 ounce and with all the &#34;packing&#34; this seller had done it raised the weight of it to over 1 oz.  There was no reason why this count not have gone in a padded envelope!2. The &#34; flavor&#34; of the product is very waxy & artificial. Tried it for a couple of days but just trashed it. I use other products from juice Beaty and am very satisfied with them but this one... Yuk
It takes me several applications to really feel like I have something on my lips.  It is very dry.  It is tinted, but looks like you had applied lipstick then wiped it off.  I understand it is not meant to be lipstick, but if you don't mind the "stained lips" look & wearing it by itself, then I guess the product is ok.  I'm giving it two stars as it does smell good & it stays on a little while.
To be fair first off i have natural very oily acne prone ( and a tad bit sensitive i would say) skin so maybe its hard to give this product a true fair review since my skin is already very hard to deal with & not too many things really help it but this is my experience. I didnt purchase this item off Amazon exactly but purchased this exact same kit off a different site cheaper. Anywho- I went through a stressful time for many years with my parents and sank in through some hard times and depression which not only made me breakout even worse then i already do naturally but also aged my skin terribly making me look not at all glowy & youthful as a 21 yr old should. I went on line to find a wash to sooth stress & found this so i thought why not!? Unfortunately I didn't really see a difference at all in using these products. I did however like the cleanser feeling and felt like it was shampooing my face which felt nice but thats it. When i washed it off it seem like it cleaned a little TOO deeply & a bit harshly making my skin look dull. The arctic mist was a bit refreshing but had a slight sting feeling but didnt bother me too much, though it seems that mist is a bit pointless as it didnt seem to so anything for me. The Oxygen moisturizer was probably the only thing i felt did somthing. It moiturized my skin and made it a tad bit glowing the next morning but again..not so much. As the daily lotin i didnt even used since i have oily skin and wear makeup so i dont add that to my routine...It just didnt soothe my stress face or make a difference at all i feel as much as i wanted to like it. Wouldnt buy it again.
I tried this product and for me it dried my  lips and didn't really last for very long. I thought a lip stain should last longer.
I was hoping for something akin to the VL lip stain.  This is NOT it.  It's a creamier type base, doesn't stain. Doesn't stay either.  Another item to go to the bottom of the drawer...
I guess it is hard to show the true color online, but the Water Lily seemed way too &#34;red&#34; when I got it.  I was hoping for a more brownish-pink.  Plus it wasn't much of a stain.  At least on my lips, it lasted about an hour.
It's definitely not worth the price tag- it barely does anything to my natural nails.  I went back and purchased a cheaper version at Wal-Mart.
I have used a lot of different brow products over time, and one thing that I have a difficult time finding is a brow product that does not settle into the skin, pores, or smear while wearing in the day.I have used the Vincent Longo Blonde Micro Pencil for several weeks now and I have to say that it does not wear well.  The pencil goes in nicely with very fine lines and it is easy to apply and make faux hairs in the brow area.The color is nice- very close to MAC Lingering or Tarte Taupe brow pencils in color.The pencil itself is very thin, which means that you have to use a special sharpener.  The sharpener is not attached at all to the pencil, so if you lose it, you are out of luck.  I don't like that feature.What I have found with this pencil is that despite it looking very close in color to the other two which I have previously mentioned, it does not wear as well.  I have done one brow with this pencil and a different one on the other.  At the end of the day, the other brand is still good, but the Vincent Longo pencil is smeary, spotty, and seems to have settled into my pores a bit too.I do not have oily skin.For the price, I don't think that this brow pencil works for me anyway.  Nice color, but very disappointing wear time.  I don't want to have to try that hard with any brow products. I prefer to apply and not have to think about it for the rest of the day.
It's hard to give an objective review when I've only been able to use this about five times before the tip wore down rendering it unusable as I need very thin, soft strokes which a stub cannot give.There was no sharpener in the package I received. I tried using other brow pencil sharpeners but none worked (they only wore down the tip). The lack of proper sharpener may have affected application but not the other elements (texture, color, look when applied, price/value ratio) that are a part of evaluating this pencil's effectiveness.I've used a wide variety of eyebrow pencils over the years at a variety of price points. The best are easy to apply in that they don't seem to cake or clump and go on evenly (with a well-sharpened tip) and don't smudge; you can shape the tip as needed to give thicker or thinner lines. The consistency (a bit waxy but not too much), which you can't try before you buy, is a key factor in both application and longevity, once applied.Other than the color itself, there's nothing that I liked about this product. Which is disappointing as this is a good brand and I've used other Longo products and been satisfied with their performance. It's especially disappointing given the price point.Application: Not as easy as other pencils, which is due, in part, I think, to the consistency (waxy, clumpy) and the size of the tip (too small and chubby and not thin enough to my liking).Texture: Not as smooth as other pencils I've used. Took longer to apply and had to keep smudging and fiddling with Q-tips to get a neat line. Didn't go on &#34;evenly.&#34;Look when applied: Seemed heavier and line was not as strong and consistent. Getting a thin line was very difficult (again, an issue of consistency and size/shape of product tip)Color: This was a really good color for me, even though I have medium brown hair. I have found that many products labeled &#34;blonde&#34; are the right shade either alone or when used to lighten up a darker color.Price/Value: Simply not there for me. I've had better application, better looking brows with pencils that were cheaper. But since a person's brows (color, texture, etc.) differ greatly, this may work better for you than me. I have thin-ish brows and need thin, really feathery lines, which this could not deliver.
This product cools on contact since it contains menthol. However, it wasn't very moisturizing (I have combination skin that's on the oilier side of life), even for my skin. After about a week of using it in the evening, my pores began to clog. I would not purchase this again. On a positive note, this item did arrive on time and in good shape.
I am oily skin, this really smelly, oil control effect is not very ideal, it doesn't fit me well,The reason may be because I am the children of the east
This product made me break out even worse. I have sensitive skin so that might be the reason, but it was kind of harsh on my face and caused irritation.
I was so surprised to see so many good reviews of this product.  I have sensitive skin which is prone to redness so I try a lot of different brands.  This is one of the worst.  I thought I would try this due to the &#34;alcohol free&#34; and &#34;oil free&#34; claims.The only part of this trio that I actually liked was the daily face wash.  It foams up great with a very clean feeling and very little perfuming.  I would give this product a very good review.The bad reviews are the others in the trio.  The &#34;alcohol free&#34; mint herbal toner...is it really alcohol free?  I loved chemistry class and most words that ended with col and ethyl were alcohol related.  There were many words listed in the ingredients with these endings.  The mint does cover the alcohol smell!  I've already dumped it into the toilet and then worried that it may pollute the Chesapeake.Lastly, the oil free moisturizer is like covering my skin with mud.  I thought from the description that it would be light but it just makes me sweat for a couple hours after application.
Does not look like real lashes.  Just not a good fit for my eyes. I put them away in my big drawer of tried and failed products.
My husband is out of doors quite often and so his face has dry patches from the weather.  He borrows my skin care, but I thought that this AHA might help get rid of the dry patches and return his skin to his a normal condition.The first thing he told me when he put it on was that it was burning his skin.  He is blond with blue-eyes, so he does have fair skin.  However, when I put some on, it was like the first AHAs for women, it burned my skin also.It is a thick greasy cream, that when I have used other creams like it I had problems with breaking out.  I can&#8217;t imagine using it every night.  My husband has no intention of using it again.
Other reviewers commented that this product was very thick - and they did not mean that in a good way.I'm not sure I'd call it very thick. It seemed more sticky than thick to me. Very hard to massage into the skin. Seemed almost as if the components were not well mixed. I did not like it.I might try to add some water and/or other moisturizer and see if that improves the situation, rather than throw the tube away, but I don't think I'd recommend it to others.
My husband tried this and did not like it. It is a very thick cream and leaves a sticky residue on his face. It was very bothersome to him so he ended up washing his face with soap to remove the product.
The exfoliating quality of Baxter of California Night Cream AHA comes from this lotion's glycolic acid base, which is a very mild alpha hydroxyl formulation.  After several weeks of use, I saw no redness as I've experienced with other exfoliants.  But neither did I see any real change in my skin.I like the feel of it:  non-oily, dry, almost talc-y. Dense, yet easily spreadable.  And a dab covers quite a bit of territory.  But after 30 minutes, my skin feels no different than before.  Night Cream AHA is not entirely odorless for me;  it's got an elusive "nearly chemical" fragrance.  I'm grateful it's not spicy, floral, herb-like, or overly medicinal, and I'm also grateful it's not long-lasting.My spouse said, "It feels nice, non-greasy, and unobjectionable".But something about Baxter's Night Cream AHA is bothering my eyes, causing unusual dryness and minor stinging.  This happens even though I apply the product far, FAR from my eyes and even if I just put it on the back of my hand.So I started looking into the list of ingredients, which I included below.  Some compounds - such as certain fatty alcohols - may be derived from animals or plants.  BOC makes no claim that the Night Cream AHA is vegan, so there is no reason to expect that it is.  Other ingredients like hydrogenated polyisobutene have used animals in testing (and yes, there were deaths).  Still others - sorbitan stearate, glyceryl stearate, and cetyl alcohol - have been considered toxic and environmentally dangerous in Canada.  Then there are the four (FOUR) parabens, i.e. preservatives, recently associated with breast tumors.  Granted, parabens have not been found to _cause_ cancer, and they can exist naturally in some foods (grapes, flaxseed) and even show up in some OTC pain relievers.  But Denmark has seen fit to ban butylparaben from certain child-oriented products.  The fact that BOC chooses to use FOUR parabens is worrisome.This uneasy ingredient list, along with no visible results except for the dry, stinging eyes, makes me happier to just do without BOC right now.  It was a nice-to-have that was nice to try, but ultimately it might not be so nice to Earth and animals.  Humans included.~ ~ ~ ~ ~IngredientsWater (Aqua), C12-15 Alkyl Benzoate, Hydrogenated Polyisobutene, Cetyl Alcohol, Sorbitan Stearate, Glyceryl Stearate, Glycerin, Ethylhexyl Palmitate, Glycolic Acid, PEG-100 Stearate, Ascorbyl Palmitate, Benzophenone-3, Butylene Glycol, Dimethicone, Dipalmitoyl Hydroxyproline, Disodium EDTA, Panthenol, Propylene Glycol, Sodium PCA, Sodium Hyaluronate, Sodium Hydroxide, Stearic Acid, Symphytum Officinale Leaf Extract, Wheat Amino Acids, Butylparaben, Ethylparaben, Methylparaben, Phenoxyethanol, Propylparaben, Fragrance (Parfum), Blue 1 (CI 42090), Yellow 5 (CI 19140).
Vincent Longo Water Canvas Base is a product that is touted to ensure that makeup goes on smoothly, will protect skin with moisture, and reduce the appearance of fine lines.Using the product, I tried differing application methods:Over slightly moist skinOver patted dry skinApplication method:Small amount gently appliedSmall amount gently worked into the skin til almost absorptionMore generous application in problem areasFollowed by:MoisturizerNo MoisturizerFollowed by:Regular foundationOil free foundationFollowed by:Light dusting of mineral based powderIn every method:There was no pore refinement, nor reduction in the appearance of fine linesMy makeup did not set in the light coverage I strive forMoisturized initially, but did not seem to be as good as my other products (tried on neck area for this assessment)While this product did not irritate my skin, I found no benefit for this pricey offering.
Vincent Longo Water Canvas Base takes the saying &#34;a little goes a long way&#34; a little too seriously. This tiny tube of foundation base is not worth $45.00, not to me anyway. Yes, it's creates a nice soft feeling on your skin but it did not help my makeup stay put or minimize pores like other, less expensive bases and primers. It actually felt like glycerin which you can pick up anywhere for a fraction of this price. I didn't notice any difference in the final look with or without it. I was very disappointed and could not imagine ever purchasing or recommending Canvas Base, not when there are plenty of products available that do the job perfectly.
I was excited to try this water canvas base because I love trying new products. I like the Vincent Longo brand and know that it is a quality brand. My traditional face makeup routine just involves BB Cream and HD Finishing Powder. I have found that this combination works much better for me than using foundation, powder, etc. So, I do not use primer on a daily bases. I have however used a few different primers and really liked them. This Vincent Longo Water Canvas Base is much different from anything else I have tried in the past.The Base is very silky feeling. It absorbs very quickly into my skin when I put it on. Unfortunately, this makes it a little hard to tell where you left off on your application. The base also doesn't seem to really spread, it just absorbs where you put it on. As a result, it seems like I use a lot of the product every time I apply it.I have used this water canvas base several times now with my traditional makeup and I have used it a few times with regular foundation. I honestly don't notice a difference with it. I don't have wrinkles or fine lines at this point in my life (I'm 30), so I don't know if that is why I don't notice a difference. Either way, this product did nothing for me. While it didn't make my skin feel gross or give me any issues, it didn't give me any improvements either.This product just did not work for me. I can not recommend it.
I have had the occasion to use several Vincent Longo products and I realize that this line of products provides a high quality product for a pretty hefty price.  In most situations I have found you get a really good product for your investment.  However, in this case, I am just not sure about this one.SIZEVincent Longo Water Canvas Base comes in a black tube which looks pretty nice on the product page, but in reality, when you get it, the small size is rather shocking. There is only .88 oz of product in the tube, which if you translate it, you can imagine three tubes of Jack Black lip balm and that is about the size of this product.TEXTUREI have tried many times to see what might be different about this primer compared to many others out there.  I have to say after testing this repeatedly, I just don't see any advantage of using this primer.The feel of this product is that you use a pearl sized drop of this product applied around your entire face and eyes.  When I do this, I feel a lot of silicone feel to it.  This leaves my face feeling like it has saran wrap on it of sorts.  It is hard to explain, but after a while of wearing this primer, I feel like my face wants to breathe and I want to remove it.AFFECT ON MAKEUPThis primer base definitely does smooth out the skin and does allow for the foundation and other face makeup to stay on the face nicely.  It seems to make the makeup stay on well through the day and it does add to a nice appearance of the skin.  I also find when using this, that blush does not tend to change color like some other primers can do.  I still did not enjoy wearing it over time, however, so I am not sure it served that great of a purpose.FINAL COMMENTSFor the price, I just don't see how this product is worth the money.  I have normal to dry skin and I didn't feel any particular moisturizing features from this base.  I get much nicer results when using Swanson Vitamins Hyaluronic Acid Serum which is very similar to Lorac Aquaprime which was discontinued.I just don't like this primer and didn't feel it is worth the investment.  You get so little product for a very high price.  Using it under Vincent Longo Water Canvas Foundation does make it look very nice, however, if you have the money to invest and want to use them together.  There are other options that are more cost effective, however if you prefer a less expensive alternative base to use.
The first thing I noticed is the scent or lack of it.  Which to me, is a good thing.  Too many products have scents that can compete with my perfume.The product goes on easily and smoothly.  I use it in the morning before applying my foundation.  After using the base for 2 weeks, I don&#8217;t notice any significant difference.  My foundation may glide on a little easier but as for the overall look, no real improvement.For the cost (currently at $44.00 USD) I would pass.  Too expensive.
If you are looking at this product because somehow the name implies that it's 'water' and therefore better than say, something with silicone? It's not. It has silicone.I've used a ton of primers, from cheap to pricey. This one falls somewhere towards the lower end of wear for me. I have combination skin (older skin to boot but I use peels) and this primer made my foundation patchy after a few hours. I'm currently wearing Lancme Teinte Idole 24Hr over their Lancme-branded Pro base. The Lancme foundation slid around on the Vincent Longo base. I normally get about 12 hours of uninterrupted wear out of the Lancme otherwise.It did feel nice going on, and it smelled pleasant. But wear? Didn't do anything good for me.
The Vincent Longo Water Canvas base perfecter is not offensive in any way, but doesn't seem very effective at all.  I could not tell that it was there.  I have used several other products with a similar function that worked better.  Such as:  The DHC Velvet Skin Coat provides a noticeably smoother finish under foundation.  I have also used and liked The Body Shop's Matte It - both of these are WAY less expensive.For immediate comparison, I was currently using a competing L'OReal product that is more &#34;clumpy&#34; and requires more smoothing onto the skin.  But I can't really tell the difference after the two have been applied to different sides of my face before applying a make-up base. With the pricetag of the Vincent Longo Water Canvas Base, I would expect more.  So while the product wasn't at all bad or harmful, I am giving it a low review because of the high price and lack of noticeable benefit.  I would recommend one of the more effective and lower-cost products.  DHC Velvet Skin Coat is my favorite (though it's not available on Amazon).
I tried this on half my face and used my favorite primer on the other. I didn't notice any difference with the Vincent base, it was like I didn't have anything on under my foundation. My pores were still completely visible. This will come in handy during the drier months as it does provide moisture, but not too much. However, it's just another step so I don't foresee me using all of it for quite some time.
I've been slowly switching my makeup and personal care products to more natural alternatives, and I found this to have a good rating on the EWG Skin Deep website.  I have Normal to Dry skin that is sensitive.  I don't use a lot of makeup so all I use is a tinted moisturizer with SPF and some powder for the shine.  I used this for about three weeks to see how my skin would react to it and I found that it stung a little when I put it on and caused my face to redden right after.  It would slowly go away in about a half hour though.  I also noticed that it would look streaky and settle into any fine lines.  It also did not absorb into the skin very well, so it was hard to apply a powder over the top of it.  Lastly, and probably the least important to me, was the smell.  I did not like the smell, and it was too strong
I really wanted to like this product, but I ended up throwing it away.  The lotion never fully absorbed into my skin and it left a white glow on my skin.  I am still searching for the perfect spf 30 daily moisturizer and this product just did not do the trick. I have fair skin and thought the ivory tint would be perfect, but perhaps I should have selected a darker tint. I will be trying a different product.
I purchased this and after using it for half a week, my eyes burned. Even after washing it off, my eyes were still burning.I like the idea behind all natural. I do not like the smell and once on how it irritates the eyes.I didn't mind creamier texture. My skin is dry. I wouldn't recommend for those with oily skin.
Product didn't fill in ridges on nails. I was hoping it would help at least a little, although I knew it would'nt solve the problem.
This is the first time I have ever been displeased with a Deborah Lippmann product. As a base coat, this stuff works great: dries fast, makes nails strong, and prevents chips. But the product is advertised as a ridge filler. I have ridges on both thumbnails and this product does absolutely NOTHING to smooth them out. I've tried using it several times with several different brands of polish, all to no avail. I definitely will not repurchase this and will be on the lookout to for a new ridge filler to try.
It just does not seem to cover the ridges like my OPI Ridge Filler does.  It is watery and streaky and not even by any means.  For nearly $20 a bottle I was expecting a whole lot more than what I got.
This nail polish remover smells better than the usual drugstore brands, but it doesn't work as well as some and it's no less drying on the nails. The product dispenses by your pushing down on the top with your cotton ball or pad. All too often, the remover squirts all over the place. An old-fashioned top that you twist off is less messy.
The sponge is ok-but EXTREMELY small especially for the money. I would not buy it again.
Sadly, I decided to splurge and try this product. I wish I hadn't. $18 is far more than I ever pay for a lip product, and it came back to bite me. It arrived when the weather was chilly, but the product was melted into the lower half of the tube and came squirting out when I opened it. I noticed right away that the smell is funky. It smells like overripe fruit that should not go anywhere near your mouth. The taste is much the same.  The consistency is oily (the first ingredient is petrolatum, so I was expecting something thicker) and it dispenses too quickly to apply without making a mess. There's no halfway point between WAY too much oily goop on your lips and not enough. Honestly, I'm considering asking for my money back, it's that bad. Any of the Rosebud Perfume Co. lip products, Nivea lip butters, etc are better than this, and they cost less than half as much. I gave this product 2 stars only because it's better than absolutely nothing - but believe me, this is going into the bottom of the drawer.
This product did very little.  I got the same results with a cheap tube of bikini zone. Dont waste your money
I absolutely loved this stuff.  One application and no more ingrown hairs by the next day.  No stinging, no problems.  I've used it for the last 2 years, however I recently ordered more and was wondering why it didn't work this time.  So I used it again and still had ingrown hairs the next day.  l had an old box so I compared the ingredients with the new box and they changed!!!  Ack!  It doesn't work anymore!!!  Anyone else having this trouble?  Very very sad about this!!!UPDATE! August 2009:  Ok, so I noticed the packaging changed...again.  It's now in this blue container, so I took a chance and bought it and it does seem to be just as wonderful as it used to be.  It seems it first was in a light color jar with pink writing (worked great!), then a light color jar with dark blue writing (worked awful!), now in a bright blue jar (works great again!)  So if you get the latest formula, I would definitely recommend this.  I would change this review to 5 stars, but the program doesn't let me.  Thank you Bliss!
they burn with use, not for long, they smell ok, but if you dont use them fast enough a gunky goo forms around the enge of the cap that sits sappy like. not impressed, if you want to try something that stings and has a strong smell BUT works amazing for ingrown hairs and razor burn try Skin source dermal restoration gel. works AMAZING! 20$ for a bottle and a little go's a very very long way! :) i would not recommend this but would recommend the dermal restoration gel!
The same problem. No difference as it its before now. In short, perhaps is not good for me. I don't see any positive effect on me.
I have sensitive skin and have always had problems with ingrown hair whenever I shave or wax. I recently purchased this product to use after my latest wax session and had great results with my ingrowns after the first week.A couple days ago I noticed that the area that I have been wiping with the pads has become darker than it was before I used them. So for anyone with fair, sensitive skin, I would be cautious when using these pads.In short, they take care of ingrowns but pose the risk of burning/discoloring sensitive areas.
got what I orderedhasn't changed or helped the problemgave it a trywont order againtook a chance and
For the price paid these pads did not do their job. If I scrubbed really hard they got some of the in grown hair bumps off, but not nearly enough. I actually found that face soap for oily skin or using a pumice rock works much better. But beware, pumice rocks can hurt! lol
Pads "really" thin, cleansing with these pads can be annoying. The pads roll or fold so your fingers are wiping your skin and not the pad.Fragrance is nice and light.I noticed this product isn't really necessary if I use Sea Breeze with Exfoliating pads, which is definitely much more durable and cost effective. And Sea Breeze is a great product, been using for ages.I tried this product per suggestion. Not worth the price or the pad's quality.
this was pretty much a waste. it did nothing for me. save your money. it's not worth it at all.
Used about 4 times, I don't see any difference. I have the worst clogged pores ever, this does not do anything for them. I usually like the Bliss products, but this was a let down.
It doesn't absorb well because of how thick it is. I end up having to use a tiny amount in a small area, rubbing it in until it absorbs, and then repeating until I've gotten my whole face. It does work as advertised, but it's such a hassle to put on that I will not repurchase.
Just tried this out for the first time and seconds after applying it to my face my skin turns splotchy and beet red. Obviously I'm having a reaction to the product and it's not the right stuff for me, but I'm also giving this a low rating because it really doesn't moisturize well. It actually left my skin almost feeling drier and sticky. It's weird that it's marketed as an oil-free moisturizer because it has a couple of different oils listed in the ingredients.
I have purchased this product due to the fact that it has some natural/organic ingredients that I hoped would not irritate my skin.  Unfortunately, it made me brake-out without any improvements over a three week period.  Since it's not suitable for my face,  I use it as a neck moisturizer just to use it up.
Product made me break out severely with acne after only a few days. I'm going back to Caudalie's sorbet moisturizer.
I received a deluxe sample of this to try and ended up throwing most of it out. This feels like a cream and goes on heavy and sticky. It dries to a slight tacky feeling and makes my skin feel like it can't breathe. Nothing special for me. The smells isn't great either, but I do appreciate the ingredients list.
I order it for wrong the smell is ok for meI hope the webside which sell the perfune should show the information ofthe perfune is not really acceptable to return and get refound back next timeit was really expensivethey should post the information on selling page
Oh, the Cherry Blossom perfume..I found this accidentally at Paris airport last spring and couldn't part with it. I have used it throughout the summer and didn't tire of it (which is rare for me), in fact I am buying another soon since I only have a few drops left.The bottle is also beautiful to look at which is important since I like to leave it on my dresser.The scent is a light floral with fresh notes and a delicate fruity accent, only a bit sweet unlike other florals that give you a headache. Very pretty and light, it also lingers for a few hours, but you'll need to carry this with you and use it if you want the scent throughout the whole day, or layer it with other body products from this line (like the body butter). I think Cherry Blossom would suit both a young girl or a mature woman for all occasions.Update:This year I bought another bottle of the Cherry Blossom perfume because I ran out of my first one, but I wish I didn't because I just found out that L'Occitane tests on animals or pays for a company who tests for them, therefore they are not curelty free anymore! I am deeply disappointed and won't be purchasing anymore products from them!
I thought this stuff would just melt on my face, but it didn't! I didn't like the feel of it or the smell! It really didn't do anything for me! But just because it's not my cup of tea, doesn't mean you won't like it! I didn't however and that's just my personal opinion! The company did get it to me on time however and was great with speed! I guess I'll just have to keep searching for the best facial cream!!
This is a body splash, not a perfume. Unless you have tried this fragrance, you might not find it pleasing. It reminds me of an old-fashioned Avon perfume. Also, even if you do love the fragrance, it has no staying power. However, it arrived quickly, and it has better ingredients than most perfumes.
I really wish I had known this item was not returnable, I wouldn't have paid this much for something new I would have to be stuck with. I've used a lot of spray dry shampoos, but this was my first time trying a powder one, and will probably be my last. It didn't blend, made my (blonde) hair look gray or white, and caused so much build up that I felt like I had to wash my hair sonner rather than later. I did think it smelled nice, so I'm giving it two stars instead of one.
I love Vincents line.  This one came and after 1-2 uses the base came apart and it went all over my bag.  Very disappointed.
I ordered this product for a trio eye shadow. The description clearly say the dimensions of the product. (Product Dimensions: 4 x 5 x 6 inches ; 1 pounds).  What I got was a compact for the single eyes shadow, probably 1x1 inches!!  =(  Now, I'm stuck with it. It will cost me more to return it.
I was suprised at how small the product was when I got it in the mail
Bought this product thinking would be soothing and help with puffiness.  Ended up burning my eyes that I could not use.  The solution made my eyes red and burned like crazy.  Would not buy again.  Prefer a cucumber based pad.  Thank you.
Very rough and scratchy, makes my face itch. The brush is really pretty, but the bristles are not densely packed and it hurts my face to use often.
The other girl is right - this brush is more like a blush brush than a shadow brush. It doesn't look that big in the pictures but it is insanely large and ineffective.
there just isn't enough gel in this product to provide any stress relief at all.  warms up within a couple of minutes on your eyes.
Baxter of California Soft Water Pomade is a very different kind of product in my opinion. My hair did not take to it well. It felt kind of slimy and made my hair feel wet. This product did not work well with my hair.
Hair gel products are hit and miss with me. My hair is very thin with no wave so its anyones guess whether a product will be effective with me. I ordered  this product because I really liked Baxter's facial mask. The bad news is this product just didn't work for me. It is very greasy no matter how little you happen to use. I tried it several different ways and it just came up short. This is not to say the product might not be great on someone else. It just didnt work for me.
I don't know why anybody thinks this stuff looks good. While it may be handy, for example, for those who work with food as you definitely won't have to worry about losing control of your hair; it's really quite nasty to put on nice clean hair. My hair was nicely out of the way, but it felt and looked dirty, greasy, dead. Lifeless. No body, no shine. It's not touchable. There's no scent to conflict with any other scent you might be wearing, and I guess that's a good thing.
I really expected this to be like a light hold pomade. It is more heavy like a wax. I used to use dfi dtails (which was perfect). This is closer than anything else I have tried to use but it is still too heavy/waxy for me to use. I do like that it doesn't have a strong smell. The value for the price/weight is way off though. This is smaller than most pomades and twice as expensive.
At $45, this set is outrageously overpriced. If I saw this in a store, I'd think either the price tag was a mistake, or they included 3 ten dollar bills inside the bag. And if that weren't bad enough, I can't stand the overpowering scent. It's a nice smell, but I don't want to wash/moisturize/shave/shampoo with it. I understand that's a matter of personal taste; I may think it's overpowering & overdone, while other people may think it's nice & subtle (and I always seem to be riding in elevators with those people), but if I can smell the opened package from another room, that's probably too much scent for anyone.
When I travel and use a 3-1-1 bag, I find that space in that bag can be at a premium. The size of the products in this kit takes good advantage of the space for a 3-1-1 bag, and if you like these products, you're likely to find this kit very useful. For me, I tried each product, and didn't really care for any of them. Scent or quality seemed about the same as what one finds at most hotels, so there's not much reason for a hotel traveler to bother with hauling around this premium priced collection. Also, the travel bag lacks one critical feature: there's no loop to allow the bag to hang from a hook behind a bathroom door, nor a hanger to add it to the towel bar.
Well, I really wanted to love this highlighter! I had done tons of research and wanted something to highlight my cheekbones and give me that "of the moment luminosity" that everyone is raving about. I saw this on my discount shopping site for $10 and thought I would try it! It finally arrived today and I am sad to say that is has fairly large bits of glitter in it and it seems far too clubhopper/disco inferno instead of just a sheer luminous shine. Too bad! I'll have to find a friend who has a younger daughter that likes glitter to the max and let her have it! In the meantime, my quest for the perfect highlighter continues...
I was under the impression I was ordering a super fine tip liquid liner. When I first used it I was supprised how thick the liner was. I have been trying to work with it thinking I was using it wrong, Now I have already purchased a new liner at my local drug store and love it. I'd recommend spending 3 extra dollars and get it at a local store.
I've used this base coat five times with five different colored nail polishes, and each time the nail polish still bleeds through to my nail beds. I've let it dry before painting my nails with polish but it still doesn't prevent staining, nor does it extend the life of the polish. It's a very thin polish and chips easily. I'll stick with Sally Hansen base coat, because it works much better and it's half the price.
nothing out of the ordinary for the price....do not like matte finish....no reason to use as base coat....did not like the way the bottle opened...very awkward
I purchased this product when I read a review on Amazon.com.  Well, I do not find it as amazing as the reviewer did.  I hardly use it now.  I love the Butter London products, but this is not my favorite.
I knew that this product would not be without some tingling due to the acid, but I found it very uncomfortable. Also I did not find it very effective as well as it left my cuticles even drier than they were before.
The nail polish has a nice consistency and I appreciate that it is non-toxic, which was the main reason I purchased it. However, it has proven to be ineffective, as it chipped and peeled off within a day of use.
Leaves a film on my skin and actually is causing break outs due to clogged pores. This really sucks since I heard such great reviews about this product. It doesn't leave your face feeling all tight and dry, that is true, but not much consolation when you are breaking out and have clogged pores.
Privet Bloom's notes sound lovely, but it has an incredible biting sharpness I can't identify. It's neither galbanum nor citrus, and it has a very synthetic feeling to it. It has excellent longevity on me, being still noticeable on my skin 16 hours later! In this case, the longevity is a minus, alas. I've read some good reviews of it, so would suggest trying before buying a bottle so you can know whether it's good on you.
This really does not smell that great, and I seriously noticed no difference.  Plus, I broke out in these little hives, so I have discontinued it.  Pricy for what it is!
Bought Queen Vic expecting it to be in bright orange but it turns out to be dark purple instead. Should double check the color before buying.
I was SO excited to buy this, bad on me for not Googling swatches first.  It just looked like sparse, very tiny gold specks, didn't make a real impact as a top coat.  I ended up tossing it sadly.  I recommend Googling swatches before purchasing to see if you like it or not!
Butter London makes some of the best colors in nail polish. The colors are always bright and unique and I am always tempted to splurge and buy a new bottle.HOWEVER: butter London nail polishes are so watery and thin! When I bring this nail polish into a nail salon, i'm always happy with the color. When I attempt to do my own nails at home with this polish I'm always left disappointed.Pros:- Gorgeous colorsCons:- Thin, watery nail polish- Polish chips like crazy- Requires at least 2 coats to get a solid color.- Works best when you use the Butter London base coat and top coat (about $30 for the set), but even then this polish doesn't hold up to other polish brands.Don't get sucked in by the color!
The color is more matte purple then pink like I thought. It's thicker nail polish which is good, but the brush is very skinny so applying it can be a challenge.  It doesn't chip as easy as other nail polish I've bought. I might buy it again, but it is pricey & I don't care for the brush.
The Jaffa color was very misleading online. It looked like a soft orange color that I loved onscreen, but when it arrived, it is almost the exact same shade of coral that I have already ( a Megan Miller nail polish). It has much more red in it than I expected, and no returns are allowed. Very disappointed as it was an expensive nail polish. It is a pretty color if coral is what you want!
I know everyone's computer screen is different but this is a RED color. Now i love red but I like blue/red burgandy side. On my screen it looks like a dark pink/raspberry color. Gave it to my daughter.
Hideous.  Butter London is a high quality lacquer but every once in a while the colours are not true.  This is an example of a lacquer gone bad.
I was.dissappointed at.product.  It streaked while applying. The color is the only thing I liked about Polish. I have had better results from.less expensive polish
I am a nail polish fanatic, and so I thought I would get adventurous and try the beautiful color selection that butter LONDON offers. The British Racing Green is absolutely beautiful, I get compliments on it all the time. However, the polish chips/peels within one or two days. Normally, my own manicures last a week. If I go to a salon, it's usually 10 days without any chipping. I've never had issues with polish peeling the next day except for with butter LONDON.I'm really sad to give it a poor review. But I just think that for the money (and I bought it on Amazon! Imagine if I'd paid full price!), people who really care about long-lasting nail polish would have better luck with Essie or OPI. If you just need it for a day and want a fun color, this is fine. Otherwise, I'd go with a cheaper option that lasts longer.
After seeing British Racing Green swatched all over the Internet, I finally gave in and bought it. Unfortunately, for me it's been the same story s with a lot of other very dark colours: out of bright light, it just looks like black. I found it really annoying that once I'd put on enough to reach a good opacity, you really couldn't tell it was green. Since then, this expensive product has just sat in my drawers. I can't recommend this colour, but Butter London's Come to Bed Red is a staple for my nails. It's great!
great Butter polish, the color is just too green for me. But that is the risk of buying on line.
Definitely not a good idea to get colors of Butter polish online. Much better to buy from the store. I have a store I can use at the Seattle airport and I chose a much better color for my skin tone. Have not used the product long enough to say if it is a good quality product. Goes on OK, but time will tell if it will endure properly. Love their lip gloss though.
I was so excited to pick out my very first bottle of Butter 3-free nail polish. There were many gorgeous colors to choose from. I chose this one (Kerfuffle)...and I wish I hadn't. It didn't go on very nicely. It was obvious I couldn't even possibly get by temporarily with one coat. But mostly it reminds me of a colored "White-Out" I used years ago at my job. Every time I look down at my toes, I cringe because it's obvious I won't be happy until I remove it and put something else on.I would be willing to try another color by this brand, but I can't recommend this one.
Butter LONDON makes nail polish in incredible colors so i'm always tempted to buy them. However, the polish itself is incredibly watery, needs several coats to look decent, chips like whoa, and (given all of that) is pretty expensive.But, I really wanted to like Butter! So, I bought the Butter base coat and top coat to see if that would somehow affect the quality of the polish---nope, just more money wasted. The only time I've been happy with this nail polish is when I bring it into my nail salon and have a professional apply it.Pros-Gorgeous ColorsCons-Chips all the time-Thin, watery polish consistency that needs multiple coats-Expensive for the quality-Using their base coat and top coat did not help the end result
It's an okay product. Personally I prefer honeybee gardens nail polish because it quite literally has no toxic smell (but this one does). I also found that this product chipped, but then was very hard for me to take off. It made my nails far more dry than I am used to, so I gave it away as a white elephant gift. I had hoped for more sparkle (and it is a matt finish). I guess the real turn off for me is that in certain lights it looks more red than magenta, and for my olive skin tone I didn't like how it looked. Also, when showing to friends, they just nodded (aka they didn't like it either). So although some might love this product, it just wasn't for me.
Formula is very thin and the sparkles do not show up well at all.  Its a shame too, because it looks so pretty in the bottle.  There are other colors out there that are very similar made by other companies that are much better in quality.  I must say out of the four or five butter London polishes I own, the only one I really like is Wallis.  Would not repurchase.  Plus this stuff is WAY OVERPRICED.
I love the colors of Butter London polishes and have six that I bought on a BOGO sale to try them out.  The colors I tried were Come to Bed Red, Rosie Lee, Dahling, The Black Knight, The Old Bill, and Yummy Mummy.I paint my nails several times a week and use many different brands, from drugstore to even higher priced than Butter London.As much as I love the colors and hate to admit that I wasted my money on these polishes even with the BOGO deal, but I did waste my money.  The wear of these polishes is AWFUL.  Probably one of the worst wear times in the industry in my opinion (and yes I always use a good top and base coat).  To give you an idea of the numerous other brand I've compared this to: Orly, Nails Inc., Chanel, OPI, Essie, China Glaze, Deborah Lippman, Wet n Wild, Revlon, L'Oreal, Sally Hansen, Sinful Colors, Spoiled, among others.  I think that this is probably the worst wear of the brands that I've tried, the other brands have hit or miss poor wear time for a shade, but all 6 of the Butter London polishes I tried wear horribly.  The colors that I tried also have different finishes (cream, glitter, and shimmer) and they all chipped within about a day.I further suckered myself into spending money on the brand by thinking that maybe the same brand of top/base coats would make a difference (and this is the case with some other brands).  So I got the base coat (Nail Foundation Flawless Base Coat) and top coat (Hardwear P.D. Top Coat) and it made no difference.I'd love to love these polishes, but the value for the price is not there!  There are loads of other "3 free" polish brands that have great colors and are cheaper, so if you're interested in these polishes from the "3 free" aspect do some shopping around.  If you're in love with a specific color, there are not a lot duplicates in other brands, so it may be worth it to you.
After using a tube (rather small for the money, I might add) it had no effect as advertised.  I really didn't even find it to be a very good moisturizer, either.  It also had a menthol/camphor smell that I didn't like.  I really wish Aveeno would bring back their Positively Smooth Moisturizing Lotion.  That stuff worked!
the material is not welcoming. hard to get on and off. if the lining is not the right temperature (I haven't figured that out yet), they are difficult to remove from either hand. And not so sure about the application of cream and then wearing to soften skin. Maybe it has worked for others but not for me.
I find these gloves inconvenient & hard to wear.  Very bulky and thick.. Instructions say to wear them for 20 minutes so its not like you can put them on and fall asleep.Can't do much when you have them on (can't use cell phone, computer, etc).
I do not struggle with massive breakouts or have serious acne but I do get blemishes sometimes so it is nice to have one or two blemish control products on hand that work and work fast when you need them. However I do use natural products and do not want the harsh, chemical laden heavy duty stuff that drys or irritates your skin in the name of fighting a couple pimples. I tried this product on account that I had been looking at Juice Beauty products for a while now and decided to try this one first. I am not impressed. It is a liquid/gel product that is labled as a serum that you can either use on just the blemished areas or over the whole skin under makeup. Here is my problem with the product:-While it does do a good job of not drying out your skin it seems to do better at leaving a moisturizing shinny gel treatment on your face as opposed to soaking in and getting the blemish area under control.-Serums are supposed to have a smaller molecular structure that is more easily absorbed into the skin and results in a faster more effective working treatment product. As a serum this does not really soak in at all. It leaves a kind of thin sticky/glossy layer over your skin that never completely soaked in even after several hours. I could never forsee trying to wear even a light application of make up over it, even if it was just applied to a small area.- I did a test where I just dabbed some gel from our aloe vera plant over a blemished area and used this product on another. I tried this about 3 times and each time the redness stayed under the Juice Beauty product and within the 30 minutes the redness and swelling had gone down with the fresh Aloe gel.It appears from the reviews that it is helping some people. But for me who is looking at something for an occasional blemish or breakout treatment this does not seem very effective and definately not something worth $25-$30 for 2 ounces.Still 2 stars for a commitment to natural ingredients.
I bought this product as the active ingredients were the same as Eminence Organic's Williow Bark Serum which is $58/bottle. This product did absolutely nothing for my skin. I have acne prone/oily skin. I thought this product was going to help with the breakouts and or skin discoloration from acne scarring but it did neither. I applied multiple times a day and combined with my daily moisturizer and still nothing. I would not recommend this product nor will I buy it again.
I am choosing this due to its popularity.  But my skin get allergic.  I am not a sensitive skin.  That's why I am question about this product.  I am another type of mud from walmart.  It is better than this one.
I have a breakout right after I use it on my skin. Now I am regretful when buying this product.
I bought it from Costco. It was a good price. But I don't know what it suppose to do for your skin.My skin feel the same after use and it itches during usage. Anyone else?
dunno why but my feels itch everytime I use this product. just purchased from costco to give it a try but.. eh.. I don't think this product is helping at all.
Every time I brought the mud(the larger size) elsewhere it would include sponge as a gift, but I didnot recieve it here. The mud is good though.
I really like Vincent Logo eyeshadow trios.  The picture showed the colors to be on the neutral side, but in reality it had only 2 neutral colors and a purple shade I will never wear.  Pictures should be of better quality and show a truer representation when one sells something on Amazon.
I bought this because a friend highly recommended the face mask. As a new mom, and lacking in sleep, I needed a pick me up for the dark circles and bags under my eyes. I was excited to try this! I took before And after pictures and could tell no difference. I even tried it again the second week as it recommends. Still no visible difference. Definitely not worth the money.
It didnt provide the coverage i needed. I was using Laura Mercier before and thought i would try something new. I returned it as it was too sheer when i applied it to my skin. Going back to Laura Mercier even though it is a little bit pricier.
I bought this because I was told it would keep the nail polish on longer, but I did not find this to be true at all.
I have been using this product for a few months and while I haven't noticed my manicure lasting longer, I know that it is good to remove excess oil from nail. I have had a terrible time with my nails peeling. I've researched and read a ton of blogs regarding this. I take oil supplements and biotin daily. I nourish my nails and cuticles with Vitamin E oil.  The peeling has not improved at all; possibly even worse. Today after reading over and over that this means my nails are too dry, it occurred to me that this primer (#1 ingredient is alcohol) is probably the culprit. I have discontinued use.
wasn't a very good primer - didn't dry the nail bed properly for the DL base coat to be applied and stay on. I had chipping and peeling within a couple of days of applications with this non-UV gel system
I purchased this product thinking that a stain would last more than two hours.  It doesn't.  This is more like a lipgloss than a stain.
I was confused by this candle&#8217;s packaging.  It&#8217;s marketed as &#8220;flammable.&#8221;  If a candle doesn&#8217;t burn, what&#8217;s the point?  I&#8217;m assuming they add that to the tagline to be funny, but it misses the mark.The jar is covered in writing, describing the candle in great detail.  I don&#8217;t think this is attractive at all &#8211; I think it looks rather silly, especially given that the text is &#8220;black on black&#8221; and difficult to make out.The candle is made from soy wax, which means you shouldn&#8217;t use it on a candle warmer.  It also means that the wax is very soft; the heat from my fingertip left marks.  In fact, it melted sitting in the sunlight in my living room.I expected it to have a much stronger fragrance than it does.  You have to practically stick your nose in it to tell it&#8217;s scented.  For some people that&#8217;s a plus, though.  I enjoyed the actual smell, but I had to light it to get the full effect.  Of course, for most people, that&#8217;s the point.  Myself, I like to enjoy the smell even when the candle isn&#8217;t burning.  And given that I have a ten month old kitten in my household, burning candles are few and far between!I liked the candle, ugly jar aside.  I don&#8217;t think it&#8217;s worth paying the $45.00 Amazon price, however.  There are much prettier candles on the market for much less, that smell just as nice (and which can be safely used on candle warmers, or not lit at all and still enjoyed).
The Baxter 9 ounce candle has a very strong smell. Too strong. I lit for about half an hour and had I blow it out. Even when it is not lit, it has a very strong smell. It gave me a headache. The boy said that the smell was too strong and he didn't like it at all. We had it in his car after a day trip and the smell was strong. He groaned when he opened the door.The main smell that comes across is fir. It is a very masculine candle. I guess some guys may like it. I did not and neither did the guy.  It has funny packaging as it warns that this is a flammable candle. Duh!The container the candle it comes in is very nice. This is a soy candle and it claims 60-70 hours of burn time.  The price is a bit too much though.
The manufacture packaging is nice and the warning print gave me a chuckle, but that's where my fondness of this product ended.The candle is so dang strong as soon as i took the plastic off the box my nose was assaulted with the strongest pine citrus smell I've ever encountered. My husband loves the smell of this candle and hates that I can't stand it.I ended up leaving this one in the box and placing the whole thing in the garage. It's not so over powering in there as it was in the house but i'm not sure many people buy candles for their garage.The tumbler the candle is placed in is actually quiet nice and if I was able to tolerate the smell id burn the candle out so i could use it. I honestly think there are much nicer smelling candles out there for a lot less then this ones current asking price.Perhaps I'm not the target market for this candle. However since my husband likes it so much I'm guessing other guys may like it as well.
Overall, this candle is good if you want a very powerful scent. The price is definitely for a high end market.The smell of this candle reminds me of licorice and is so strong that it gave me a headache. I could smell it as soon as I tore the plastic wrap.My friend said it felt like burying your face in a bottle of laundry detergent and inhaling. He said it was a good scent, but really strong.
This eye cream is nothing to be excited about.  Does not reduce dark circles, puffiness, and no decrease in eye wrinkles.
I've been using it for a couple of weeks and notice that my eyes look worse than before.  I was using a Clinique eye product and like to try new things, but this isn't cutting it for me.
I purchased this with the expectation that it will help to clear my blemish and acne fast but m disappointed as it did nothing to treat either....n as I was using with my acne clearing acne.org regimen it made my skin irritated with red color tomato ..I am very dissapoint wit the purchase as it is very expensive to just get wasted ... :(  :(
I  don't  like  this  moisturizer at  all,  except  for  the ingredients.  It  is very  thick and  white  and  difficult to  rub  in  to the skin.
This "rehab body scrub" doesn't seem to do much for sore muscles. While true to the claim that it will scrub and soften skin, it provides a minor tingling sensation on the skin and beyond that, doesn't do much to sooth sore muscles. It's also very expensive, and won't last you very long.
SORRY BUT I DIDINT LIKE IT THE SOAP WAS BIG BUT AFTER A WEEK OF USENG START TO FALL APART
My experience with L'Occitane was absolutely terrible.  If this product was available directly through Amazon, it would be 5 stars.  The product is outstanding, but it took over a month to actually get L'Occitane to ship the ACTUAL product I ordered!  They first shipped the wrong product, then told me twice that they'd replace the order, even going so far as giving me an order number.  But a week later when I corresponded with them again they always said &#34;we'll get that taken care of&#34; and that no order had been previously placed.  Apparently they like to simply not ship orders out from time to time, and other times they decide to ship the wrong products.  I like the soap, but I'm just not sure it is worth it to deal with this kind of hassle on a regular basis.  And I'm never buying directly from L'Occitane again.
poor quality
I thought it would make my skin softer but it just leaves a wierd film behind on my skin, taking me extra long in the shower to scrape it off. Back to using dove sensitive skin!
I thought &#34;natural soap&#34; would be better for me but this soap dried out my skin more than regular soap.  It has a nice strong calming smell but not for me.
My husband got me 2 bars of this soap for Christmas and I must say I'm disappointed. The quality/latherability of this soap is nowhere near as nice as the Pre de Provence soap I've been using, and the smell is far too harsh and perfumey. Not at all what I expected from L'Occitane.
I could smell this through the box from far across the room.  It gave me an immediate headache and sinus pain and I'm still nauseous from the lingering odor in the house.  My husband agreed that this milk soap smells terrible so that's 10 bucks in the trash.  I thought a mild fragrance would be a nice change from our fragrance-free soap but this is anything but mild.  So....its back to buying Clinique's bar soap instead.  The L'Occitane may be mild on the skin.  I wouldn't know, but Clinique is also hard-milled and lasts a long time.  I'm giving this 2 stars instead of one, only because I had no way of judging the quality aside from the odor.
I just had this product sent to my mother along with the hand lotion, but she insists it's DISH SOAP!I told her I didn't send her $22 dish soap. I cannot see the product for myself, so does anyone have a clue as to what this really is? My mom cannot send me an image.
I love the family of L'Occitane products.  I have always been pleased with items I have purchased.  Great quality and nice fragrances.  Unfortunately, this soap container arrived damaged, and the soap leaked.  It was wrapped in a sealed plastic bag, which at least kept it from wrecking other items in the package.  And, the pump dispenser doesn't work.
While I can see that this scent has merit to it and is made in a quality way, to me the perfumey fragrance didn't smell of anything in particular besides just perfume. I was heady and overwhelming and I just didn't like it at all. I did like the lotion itself and the mild shimmer which was subtle and still reasonably professional. This scent just wasn't for me at all.
Compared to a similar product I had used in the past (The Art of Shaving) this does not perform well for me, especially considering the price. There is no difference in terms of comfort, with or without (I use DE safety razors).
I have tried this several times and each time, I have been struck by the extreme greasiness and, in contrast to other products (Kiehls is probably the best) remarkably ineffective. Goes into the nice try drawer and if I were not a bit miffed at the price, probably would be in the trash. I would return it but Amazon classifies this product as non returnable hazardous waste on the return page (not kidding)
It seems to be an effective balm per se, but the smell is unbearable. You will get nauseated and possibly brain-damaged.
Okay, this is a very expensive soap.  We originally got it as part of a set that comes with hand lotion as well with a nice holder.I've bought this separate hand soap bottle before with no problems, same tall, cylindrical bottle.But I notice now it's more expensive...  hmmm.It arrived today.  I will say this, it's a 10.x fluid ounces, more than the advertized 8.x.But the bottle is a short square thing that isn't going to fit in the holder.  So I've got to pour all this stuff into the old bottle.Is this a small gripe?  Yup, I'm picking nits.  But at $20 per bottle, well, I didn't get what I paid for.
Let me start by saying that I am a big fan of L'Occitane men's products, so imagine my disappointment when I first discovered that this cologne does not smell anything like the shower gel of the same label. The shower gel has a deep woodsy and masculine smell that I love and women compliment. This cologne is overwhelmingly sweet with a strong vanilla scent. It wouldn't be bad if I could control the amount of spray, or maybe a non-spray bottle that I can dabble a small amount from. This bottle gives a large spray every time, so I always feel like I reek of a scent that I don't really care for. I'm sticking with the blue-label signature scent.
L'Occitane had two different types of this lotion; one was organic and one was not.  I found a considerable difference in the fragrances between the two.  In fact, when I've accidentally purchased it in the past, I've returned the organic because it had an odd smell that I wouldn't even categorize as a fragrance.  The non-organic smelled amazing, but now I've found L'Occitane is not selling either and are only selling one blended with orange blossom, which seems even worse.  Sometimes, companies ought to leave well enough alone.  Here's wishing they'd just go back to the non-organic, good smelling lavender lotion.
I am a lip gloss/lipstick fanatic, and I was looking for a good moisturizing lip gloss for the dry winter.  I found this lip gloss to be a bit sticky, and I thought the honey& lemon flavor was a bit strange.  Also after not using it for a couple of weeks, it started to separate.  I ended up throwing it away.
I bought this with the intention of using it as a make-up remover. It leaves my face feeling sticky. Definitely leaves a residue on my skin. This is not worth the purchase.
I love Loccitane verbena soap; however, I was suspicious with the one I got from this store from the moment I received the product. Why? The bottle, to start with was faded and the soap a little lighter than the ones I've bought in the past. Also, the soap does not sud or even smell like the others I have. Overall, I did not like it.  And I will not buy from that particular store again.
Unless you want to smell like you just got done dusting the house, steer clear.  For this body wash smells like Pine-Sol.
one of the best hair conditioners i have ever tried,BUT more importantly,it made my hair fall horribly.anyone had this problem too?
This particular order did not turn out so good.  I think this batch was old and/or expired.  I always use this cream, but this time it smelled ugly and burned my face.  I have to say though, that it was a breeze to return it and get my money back.  I shipped it back and I was credited my money in 2 days.  So, I will take a chance and order from here again if I see something I like.  I ended up ordering the same cream directly from L'Occitane.  The cream is great for dry skin!  Highly recommend.
This cream got great reviews, but I don't care for it at all.  Perhaps it works fine, but I do not like the fact that the fragrance lingers so I am constantly aware of it.  When I wear perfume, I want the fragrance to last.  I also found it makes my eyes water: not a good sign.  I do not have sensitive skin either.
I like some of their other products, but this was not a great moisturizer for me.  I need something more like the Norwegian formula from Neutrogena.  too much purfume odor, doesn't seem very natural.  Too expensive.
There was just something about this product that just did not work for me.  I gave it away and will not purchase again.
I bought the cleanser first at a small store in the Lower East Side. It was fabulous. Really felt like kind of honey going on but really seemed to clean my skin deep. My pores usually get pretty clogged and are big but with this cleanser, not so. But I ordered this bottle from Life Med and it was defective in some way. I hope it's not some scam where they just sell you half of the good product cut with some weird filler stuff. I don't know if it got too hot in shipping or what, but I returned it and will go back to that little store to buy a bottle there.
Why they all have Methylparaben, Propylparaben??This are being studied  for  substance  that cause cancer. Find products that are  Paraben free.
This item doesn't wear well under makeup; it flakes.
I had high expectations for this product.  Have been using it for about 3 weeks.  The product is thin, goes on easily, but has not made any difference in helping with under eye sagginess for me.
I honestly haven't tried many masks but I didn't see any improvements when using this one a few times a week.
I bought this hoping it'll smooth out my skin and really bring back the moisture. I'm not sure it's really doing anything. It's a little sticky if you don't put a moisturizer over it and I haven't seen a real difference in my skin. Still have the fine lines. Oh well. Not worth the money in my mind.
This has an unpleasant smell and was irritating to my skin.  I would never pay this price, I tried a sample.
I found this product to be very thick and hard to rub in. After using it for several days I noticed that my skin had broken out quite a bit when normally I don't have any problems with this. I would definitely recommend other juice beauty moisturizers over this one.
I normally am thrilled by Juice Beauty products, but the Green Apple Moisturizer with SPF 15 disappoints.  It is thick and greasy and is not smooth when going on my skin (it is cakey and thick and really needs to be rubbed in).  With the consistency of regular sunscreen, it would be difficult to love, but unfortunately it is also hard to get out of the pump.  It comes out in little spurts or not at all which makes this a frustrating part of my beauty routine.  I will not be purchasing this again.  Even though it is packed with great ingredients, it falls far short of my expectations.
I really don't like it. It was hard and irritable. And since the cream didn't work for me, this tool does me no good.
This massager sort of drags on your skin, more of a nubby scratcher than a massager. I thought I'd get smoother movement in the shower, using it wet, but it seems to make it drag even more. Overall, this is a highly overpriced piece of molded plastic.
I have not seen any change what so ever will not be ordering this again. I feel like it was a waste of money.
Just didn't do its job, got better results from creams , used it every day for about 3 weeks .
Did not care for this toner. It did not feel good on my skin at all. It may work for someone with oily skin.
Received Borghese Fango BB Mud Mask promptly...but sponge was not included as pictured.Borghese Fango Brillante Brightening Mud Mask for Face & Body-17.6 Oz.
I love this conditioner and ordered it online since I couldn't find it in stores. Unfortunately, I received a product that was already open. I know this because I also purchased the shampoo from the same seller. The shampoo bottle had a seal on it which prevented the product from spilling during shipping. The conditioner's box looked like it was used and damaged and the conditioner was all over the place.This product should have been advertised as USED.
I love the brand, hate this shade. I have about 10 Butter London polishes and this is the only one I don't like among the ones I have.It's a metallic foil better suited for little girls playing mani-pedi (and I would say safe for kids as well) but for a grown up woman expecting more as the price point is really expensive (more than OPI even).I applied 3 coats hoping that it would justfify the bottle color but alas, too watery,not enough purple and not even holographic-ish for a metallic purple.Could probably work with a solid purple under color BEFORE applying this.The HRH shade is a better metallic purple (but WAY TOO metallic  for my taste) or Marrow.Save your $ and skip this.
The color just makes me sleepy when I look at it on my nails. It isn't here nor there; a translucent wash of nothing and some sparkles.
I bought three different colors of this dreamy looking nail polish and used them as stocking stuffers (including my own!)  The sheen is lovely, but the polish chips easily, and can't be worn without a topcoat, as even two coats won't stand up to normal wear and tear for even a day.
The polish is basically black, only in some lighting can you see the purple tint or glimmer. If you're looking for a SUPER dark polish that's not actually jet black, then I'd probably recommend this.
At first try the color is pretty but its really clumpy and hard to put on. It looked like oatmeal when I put it on not at all like the other colors of these brand, maybe it was just me but I threw this out and for the price it was hard to do it.
This polish applies very easily with lots of sparkle.  However, my nail surfaces were very rough and the nail polish chipped off in chunks within a couple of days.  It isn't worth it.  There are many pretty sparkly nail polishes on the market.  The color is pretty if you are only looking for one day's worth of sparkle.
I purchased two Butter polishes because the colors are so great and fun and of course the idea that since they are somewhat pricey, they must be worth it.  Thank goodness they were on sale.  The brush is not very good at applying an even coat as it tends to leave brush marks if you only apply 1 coat which I can live with since I am a two coat girl.  The worst part of the polish is the chipping and I even have to carry it in my purse in case it does chip to do a patch job.  Even with Seche Vite's Top Coat the polish will last a week at best which may be due to the less chemically harsh formula for the nails?  I am not hard on my nails but it still chips.  All I know is that with OPI or China Glaze, I typically go two weeks without chipping and I could even go a little longer if my nails did not start to grow out and you see the polish line....  Unfortunately, I can't in good conscience recommend the polish since I have to change the polish within 7 days (if lucky to get to 7)
I purchased this because the color looked divine.  Application on the other hand, was horrendous.  I have had much practice at painting my nails, but it was streaky and blue got EVERYWHERE when my manicurist removed the color for my manicure.  Too annoying to try to use again.  A shame, as the color is beautiful.
This was my first butter london purchase and I have to say, I'm very disappointed.  Maybe I received an old bottle or something, because it was really thick and goopy - not at all like "butter."  I did really like the color once it finally dried and received a lot of compliments on the color, but on the second day chipping began despite the fact that I used Seche Vite as a top coat.  Usually I get at least 3 or 4 days without chips when I use Seche Vite, so needless to say, I'm quite disappointed with this product, especially considering how much I paid for it.
The color itself is great.  The polish is clumpy. So much glitter that its almost pasty. I've decided to but a nail polish thinner to see if that helps and if it does I will update but at this point I can't use it.  For the money I expected higher quality
Very pretty in the bottle, but the sparkles do not show up on the nail!  Very frustrating!  And as always with butter London, WAY OVERPRICED!!!!!!!
This nailpolish is the absolute thickest I've ever had to try to deal with. It's thick, goopy and clumpy. It doesn't go on smooth and it gets worse the longer I've had it. It chips off immediately because it's so thick and hard to manage. And the parts that don't chip off are dull within 24 hours. It's horrible. I love Butter's other colors, but NEVER get anything of theirs with glitter in it. It's awful. Simply awful.
My daughter and I were excited to get this nail polish for the Fall season. What a waste! It was clumpy, hard to apply, and it chipped quickly. We will be sticking to OPI in the future.
I'm adventurous. Violet nails? I'm there. Matte silver sparkles? Count me in! Neutral? Love it. Blue? I have 15 shades in my collection! So, I thought this would be a fun addition to my collection of gray nail polishes. (Keep in mind, I have very rarely disliked a color.) But, as soon as I put this on my toes I had one thought: "OMG It looks like you have the worse case of nail-rot ever!"This color is the *exact* shade of the infamous "black toenail" that runner get when doing high milages.So, I thought.. "try it on your hands! maybe it's just not good for pedicures?" NOPE, I now looked like a zombie with dead gray nails.Now, I *do* think it might not be *so* ugly if you had very very very pale skin. The shade of gray is very close to the ash color my skin gets if not correctly hydrated, so this polish really brings out the "ash" in me ... ugh NOT a good thing. It also might look nice if you have very very dark skin, (you know pretty blue-black skin like Alek Wek) ... in fact, that could be *very* pretty.But, brown-skinned girls beware.NOTES: First coat is slightly sheer, two coats gives full coverage. Sparkles are muted to the point of hardly being noticeable. Will require a clear top-coat if your want your zombie nails to shine.If you want me to send you my bottle (don't want it!!) send me an email (me at futurebird dot com)  --pale chicks and dark girls ONLY, I will not inflict this on another brown-skinned sister, it's for your own good.
This polish is lighter than I expected it to be. It is also strong. I can smell it through the package.
I didn't purchase my Butter London 3 free nail lacquer from Amazon, but I know that, like myself, a lot of people come here for reviews. The 3 free concept is wonderful, the price, high, and the end result, meh. For me the pro was that it dried very quickly. However, it didn't last. I did my nails last night, and after my shower this morning, they had all chipped. I'm sorry, but for that price, I'd like my polish to last longer.
All hail "All Hail The Queen/McQueen", it seems. I've heard nothing but good things about this polish. But for me, it really hit flat. Especially considering the price.For one, the tone isn't very flattering to most skin tones. I'm extremely fair with pink-toned Irish skin, and it just looks terrible. But I know women with more Asian skin tones who find it unflattering on their skin as well. I guess you have to be one of the lucky few to pull off this trendy polish without having hands of death going on.Secondly, it's only holographic in very bright light. It's not quite holographic enough to be this super-special "holographic" nude that everyone talks about. Mostly, the holographic particles just come across as silver shimmer/glitter or something. It's disappointing.Thirdly, this peels off my nails within a day. I've tried multiple base and top coats to try to lock it in place, but to no avail. And I don't really want to try this hard for a polish that doesn't look great on me anyway.If you love it, great. I really wanted to. If you haven't gotten it, just beware of trends. Try to get it in a way that you can try it out in person or conveniently return it, because "McQueen" is a tricky SOB.
I bought Butter London's Yummy Mummy nail polish and base coat a few months ago. The color is lovely. It goes on smoothly with no streaks. But, it does not last. I did my nails Saturday night. By Monday, the polish had chipped and by today, tuesday, my nails were embarrassing. I use rubber gloves whenever doing housework so can't think of anything physically that I do that might result in such poor performance. it's back to Sally Hansen for me.
I tried this product after hearing rave reviews from many friends.  I have nails that bend/break/peel easily and was hoping this would help build them up.  I followed the directions on the bottle for about two weeks but it was always peeling off and when it peeled it would peel up more layers of my nail so I just gave up.  In the end, it just didn't work out for me.
Listen up people, this is one of the best products that Jack Black has to offer.  A little pricey, but worth every penny!!  Great for both Men and Women.
I used this product (a small amount goes a long way) for over a month under my usual moisturizer. I noticed no changes to my skins appearance good or bad.  Would not purchase in the future.
Very average product with nothing to recommend it really. There are far better serums available. Save your money and invest in Darphin's Stimulskin Plus Lifting and Rejuvenating Serum. That really does work wonders!
This product has been very underwhelming to me. I have used it religiously night and day and I am sure its made my skin better and helped on my bags under the eyes but not in any way that's made me look at my face or go "wow" like the other reviewer's are commenting. In fact, the neutrogena eye cream I previously used for the bag and lines under my eyes I would say was just as effective, maybe even more so and that cost only $15, not the $60 I paid for this. And that's the big point. For $50-60, for me, it better make me go "wow, what a difference." This doesn't.As for smell, yes, there is a clear smell and it is not a pleasant smell but it's not an unbearable smell either like the other person rated and smell was not a factor in my rating.
The scent is fairly unpleasant, waxy.  The consistency is rather watery.  It felt sticky on my face and dried it out. Other reviewers have had great success with it, obviously , but this is not a good product for my type of skin.
My main problem with this product is that it does not absorb very well into my skin.  I'm not overusing the product, just two pumps at a time, but even after I massage it into the skin, it feels tacky.... slightly sticky.  It then takes what I consider a looooooong time to fully absorb.Additionally, I have not seen any marked improvement in my skin, compared to any less expensive moisturizer.At this massive price, I would expect better results, either in the application of the product, or the effect on my skin.
Though I ordered medium and the label on the compact is medium Siena, it is not the same shade as the last one I purchased. I am very disappointed. Otherwise I liked the product very much but would be afraid to buy online again.
I ordered this because I read tons of reviews that described it as the &#34;BEST CONCEALER EVER&#34; but I was a little disappointed with it. First of all this thing is TINY. I was expecting the container to be much bigger but I guess that was just wishful thinking.The concealer FEELS nice and smooth on my finger tips, but once it's applied it tends to get dried and a little chalky- like some of the cheaper  brands I have used, sometimes it gets cakey and cracky- mind you I am 26 and have healthy skin.I also found that it just made my dark circles look a sickly grey.... gross color. ( I ordered it in the lightest color which should have matched my color)  it didn't really blend like I hoped it would.While I think I might finish off the remaining amount, I will not be buying this again, I would not recommend it to anyone, and I think for the price, it should have had a much nicer finish, it just seemed like a cheap product with a high price. Very sad because I really wanted to like it!
I was disappointed in this mascara. I didn't feel as it did much for my lashes. I already have rather long lashes and I just wanted to define them a little more. Unfortunately this was the wrong product for me. Having said that, there was no clumping and mascara stayed on a after a long night of dancing. So good product, just not for my purposes.
Too pricey for what this mask is delivering, which is nothing, a bit of cooling feeling when I have it on and my black heads are right where they' ve always been
I have been using this product for roughly three weeks. I originally purchased it because i have blackheads on my nose and chin area that i was hoping this product would help. I use it twice a week for 10-15 min, i like the cooling sensation i feel as the product is drying but when i was rinse of the product my skin looks really dull. I noticed the first two weeks that it helped to remove some of the black heads but nothing extraordinarily. With shipping this product cost $44, and for the price and results, i probably would not repurchase it again.
I was introduced to the Pores No More Pore Refiner this summer when I was experimenting with ways to cover the blackheads on my nose. After about 1 month of using this I was surprised to see that my pores became significantly smaller AND I had much fewer blackheads!! Before this, the only product that barely helped reduce my blackheads was the Biore ULTRA deep cleansing strips (regular Biore strips do nothing on me).I used the Pores No More Pore Refiner with makeup to cover my blackheads because I had a summer job. I'm a full time student the rest of the year and normally don't wear make up, so when I stopped using the Pore Refiner I saw that my blackheads and pores reappeared.Because this product worked so well, I got excited and tried the Pores No More VACUUM CLEANER (2x/week) and Pores No More cleanser (every other day) for about a month, but sadly those did not remove my blackheads. They did make my pores slightly smaller though, which doesn't mean much to me because dirt is still trapped inside.
I bought this product because I've used the DDF moisturizer before and I really liked it, so I thought perhaps the cleanser would be just as awesome.  I didn't know before I bought it that the directions say to avoid the eyes and I wish I had because I may not have purchased it - I usually use my cleansers to remove my makeup and it just adds an extra step to have to bust out a different cleanser for my eyes.  Anyway, I gave it two stars because I thought it was pretty pricey for not really doing anything different for me than any of the cheaper cleansers I've used.  It smells chemical-y and doesn't seem to help with preventing/eliminating blemishes.  It is a pretty nice sized bottle though and it looks like it'll last quite a long time, but I don't think I'd buy this again.
The product I received was DDF Benzoyl Peroxide, however it was a cream rather than the gel I was used to. It is sticky and uncomfortable on the skin. Buy from a different seller.
Formula changed.  It used to be more gel based, but the new formula is no different from those you can get from a drug store.
I originally wrote back in 2010 that this gel was a good clean, clear, lightweight gel that worked as good as my previous doctor's prescription and it was. BUT today in Feb 2013 about 2wks ago (after not having had to buy any for a whole lot of months) I bought a new tube and all those recent reviews are right, something has changed in the formula. I was hesitant to order seeing the new reviews, but it had been so effective for me before that I had to give the new formula a try.  As a young adult I get mostly spotty breakouts (1-3 bumps at a time).  This gel used to take care of those bumps within 24 to 48 hours or less.  I had a breakout about a week ago that actually seems to have gotten larger and worse after a whole week of treatment with the new gel:rather than disappearing in a day or two like before--it's having no effect, except irritation enlarging the bumps and drying out my skin around them.  Also the cream is thicker, it can be rubbed in but later peels off, especially if applied under sunscreen, lotion, etc.  I'm very disappointed to have lost this gel, now I'm back to square one again and good skin products are so hard to find.
Tried this product for about a month and saw no significant changes in my skin. Too greasy in my opinion
This is an extremely harsh product. It's very runny and pours quickly from the bottle. Breakouts didn't seem to improve that much but they did seem to heal a bit quicker. Skin was softer but if used daily, became irritated and red. Certainly not something I plan on spending money on again.
I have been using this product for a few months now and I haven't noticed any difference.  I still have just as many breakouts and just as much acne.  Didn't work for me.
I purchased both the glycolic exfoliating wash and toner. The girl doing my facial said I needed to start using these to keep my blackheads away.All went well the first few uses. I even notices an overall improvement of skin tone.I only use the product twice a week and ALWAYS moisturize my skin.Some how, after a month of use... my small wrinkles have become SOOO much more noticeable. Mainly at the center of my forehead between my eye brows. Worst part is you can see every black head in great detail!I am very disappointed. I will go back to using biore.
I'm not a big fan of this facewash and after using it for 2 years now, I will finish this bottle and not repurchase it. I don't think it really stays on the face long enough to do anything except clean it, and the peppermint in it is starting to bother my eyes. I'll get my glycolic acid in my toner and face creams and just use a regular facewash.
I wish the item description would have said that it wasn't to be used around the eyes. I bought this as a face wash, especially a makeup remover. I figured this would work fine. It's actually super thick and greasy, which is moisturizing, it's just not what I expected.I want to try other products in this line because the acne cream is amazing. I'm looking into other face washes.
I got this product as a sample in my Birchbox. It feels very velvety going on and smells delicious, but I had to use quite a bit to get what I thought was decent coverage (which means it won't last very long for how much it costs!). It didn't feel moisturizing at all, really. I wore makeup as usual, and washed my face at the end of the day as usual. The next morning, I was broke out. Several very annoying zits on my nose and forehead. I am in my early 20s, so the occasional breakout still happens, but I believe this to be no coincidence. I'm glad it was free, because there's no way I'd pay for this stuff.
I was really hoping this product would work for me. My pores are somewhat large and I  am trying to take preventative measures on the aging process so I decided to try some anti-aging products and I have heard great things about it so when it was reasonably priced, I decided to give it a shot. I used it for about 2 days and my face started breaking out. I had to stop using it. It has a weird smell but I did have a glow after using it. I will just put it in my pile of beauty products that I can't use.
I'm not sure this is worth the money. It may be better at preventing acne if used on a daily basis, but I just haven't seen any proof. When I used it on existing acne, it seemed to cause it to take far longer to heal and disappear. It's like it kept the zit from getting a head on it, bit the bump would stay for over a month--much longer than normal. This also leaves a gross film on my skin. I've seen no benefit to using it.