I have only used it once so far, so not sure how great it will be, but it could only be beneficial.  I am giving it 3 stars only because when I opened the package, it had a Marshalls sticker on it for $9.99, and this is being sold on here for $32.99 so that annoyed me.  Hopefully the product is as good as everyone boasts though :)
This product is a little stinky and very messy!!! However, my skin does feel detoxed after using it.  I have used it twice now...  I would probably not buy the product again but will use what I have already purchased.
I bought this lotion hoping it would help with my extremely dry skin in the winter, but it was no better than the average priced creams and lotions I've bought before.
It is too light to be effective on my feet.Only Kerasal products worked for me until now.But, they are not natural and cruelty free like Ahava.
This shampoo comes in a nice pump bottle and has a pleasant smell. I usually spend $5-7 on shampoo that works just as well as Baxter. Given the high price, I plan on finishing the bottle but in the future I don't see myself buying it again.
Baxter of California's Daily Protein Shampoo works pretty well but I felt like it stripped my hair of its natural oils.  When shampooing it made my hair feel very dry and as I was lathering my hair got a bit tangled since it was so dry feeling.  On the plus side the shampoo lathers well with only a small amount used, smells great (like minty chewing gum), and left my hair shiny.  I also like the convenient pump bottle.For your information - I have think wavy hair that is about 4 inches in length at its longest.All in all... I felt like it was a bit too strong, but if you have very oily hair it may work great for you.08/05/2013 Update: The pump must let water seep into the bottle as you shower, because as I'm getting to the bottom of the bottle the shampoo is getting very watery.
Three out of five stars, my husband tells me. He says he really likes the mint smell of this shampoo because it's invigorating. However, the mentholated effect can be a bit strong, and he says it's a little irritating if it gets too close to his eyes. He likes using this shampoo, but he doesn't love it.
Highlight of this product is the pump on the bottle.  Makes it easy to dispense in the shower.  Downfalls are the price and the size of the bottle.  Upon dispensing Baxter of California Daily Protein Shampoo I was pleasantly surprised at the fresh and minty fragrance that came out of it but was quickly brought back to reality when the shampoo gave my hair a "stripped" feeling - basically gummy.  Overall I wouldn't spend the money,
I've been using Dove mens shampoo as of late and liked it, but had the chance to try out the Baxter of California daily protein shampoo. This shampoo is around $9 more per bottle then what I have been using, the question is.... is it worth it?I'm not a hair person. I wash mine daily and like it to be clean, this shampoo DOES deliver and it does clean while having a very strong mint smell, it's very pleasing while washing your hair. But for me I can't justify the extra cost as of now. I'll continue to use this until it runs out and maybe I'll change my tune. But for now it seems to do the same as the Dove mens shampoo I typically use, but with a premium price for the scent.
This shampoo is featured to do some nice stuff, but there is just one problem: it is irritating. It did not irritate my scalp, but my eyelids and neck started to burn seconds after this shampoo made contact with those parts. It did not get into my eyes, but I hate to imagine what it would have felt like if that did happen. The burning sensation went away several minutes after rinsing it off. As far as my hair and scalp are concerned, it did a very good job cleaning, perhaps too good. My hair seemed dry but no worse otherwise. I don't know what ingredient caused the burning sensation, maybe the peppermint oil. The scent was fine. I do not really recommend this product over other more suitable ones.
Minty, but a bit "rancidy" smell, not the fresh minty smell... but washes out OK. Low sudsing. Usable, but not to be sought after.In conjunction with theBaxter of California Daily Moisturizing Conditioner, 10 fl. oz.:Minty smell of the conditioner is fresh, not rancidy.The containers of both are a PITA. Very difficult to get the shampoo's and the conditioner's pump free. Once free, the shampoo's pump worked but the conditioner's never operated. Had to unscrew the cap/pump to get it out.
The impression I get is that Baxter's is a brand of super-premium toiletries no unlike Kiehl's.  If I had to liken it to a Kiehl's shampoo it seems closest to that company's Scalp Purifying formulation without the anti-dandruff component.  Compared to the Kiehl's then it is actually a little less costly.This is a shampoo aimed for masculine use.  The first thing one notices is the strong minty eucalyptus component.  It smells great, but it's a fact men like this scent better than women like it for themselves.  Women prefer spices such as vanilla and florals like lavenders.  No problem, however, since being a man I really love the scent.  The other component of the mint is the strong "tingling" sensation it imparts on the scalp.  It's truly refreshing.  Be careful, however, as it isn't a shampoo you'll appreciate it it runs in your eyes!  Prudent application is a must, yet I love the smell and the way it wakes up the scalp.Now for the critism.  This shampoo is still pricey and at 10 ounces isn't particularly generous in quantity.  Add to that that that it has a medium to lower sudsing quality and I find I actually use more of it than my favorite Nexxus Hydra-Light shampoo.  This is also more agressive in cleaning which for my daily use is somewhat drying, but may be just perfect for someone with hair that tends to be oiler or washed every few days.  For me it absolutely requires a post-wash conditioner to avoid both tangles and overly dry hair.I must give it 3-star rating.  I love the scent, but have reservations over the criticisms for my personal use.  If one has a need for deeper cleaning it easily rates a full-star more with the last star being withheld only due to the fact that it's just a little bit on the pricey side given the quantity.
This bottle of shampoo retails for about $14 for a small bottle of the shampoo.  This is about 3 times the price of the normal shampoo that I normally use, so I was hoping that it would perform at a much higher level than my normal shampoo.  The shampoo makes a lot of claims about being better for your hair, and I did not really see any difference in my hair after using this shampoo.  To be fair I have short hair so the effects may be different or non-existent for me but I was not overly impressed with the shampoo.The Shampoo has a strong scent to it, and it has that tingling effect on your scalp.  The problem with the shampoo is that tingling effect reaches wherever the shampoo touches, including skin and neck.  It made my skin burn (not terribly, but noticeable).  You have to be extra careful not to get the shampoo in your eyes because it will burn them severely.Overall I gave the shampoo three stars, it is an expensive shampoo that didn't seem to work wonders on my hair, and for that price I would have liked something that didn't burn.
This shampoo has a strong minty fragrance. It reminded me of the product used to clean teeth in dental offices, however, others may find it refreshing. It disperses easily from a pump bottle and claims to add nutrients to the hair. After using it my hair felt clean and nice. I prefer a big volume shampoo though. My husband enjoyed the feel of the shampoo and said it was a nice change of pace from what he normally uses. But he did add that so long as it cleans his hair and feels ok he does not care what he uses and does not want to pay the additional price for a premium brand.
My first impression upon opening the Amazon box is that this is a very small bottle of expensive shampoo.  It's smaller than a regular can of Coke, and about 3x the price of my regular shampoo (Suave or Aussie, most of the time). Although I'm a woman, I used it today, and offered it to my husband to get a man's feedback.Both of us agreed that it seems like regular shampoo - the first ingredients are Water (Aqua) and Sodium Laureth Sulfate, just like most shampoos on the market.  The minty smell is nice, and it definitely cleans the hair and scalp.  It did a good job on my husband's oily scalp (he's got a buzz cut so not much hair to test it on), but over-stripped my normal hair.  We both liked the pump on top, which makes it easy to dispense in the shower, but we both felt this product is overpriced when compared to our regular shampoo.
So far I haven't noticed anything sensational about this shampoo, but we're in humidity season and it would be an amazing shampoo that could help that situation, and this doesn't seem particularly amazing. I like the hand pump. The minty aroma was almost overwhelming in the shower at first. I still like Senscience the best.Oh...wait. This is for men?? I wondered why I needed to be worried about male hormones in my hair.
This shampoo is mild and pleasant but the fragrance is a bit medicinal - smells like mouthwash.  Kind of minty.  So if you want your hair to smell like toothpaste, this one's for you.
Okay, I bought this after all the hype it received at the recent awards shows (remember the JLaw &#34;best wedding&#34; manicure? this was part of it, the other was Whatever Lola wants).  So I put the two together and the effect was...oddly underwhelming.  The color was largely uninteresting and it chipped at about the same rate as any other nail polish on the market (CoverGirl, Maybelline, I'm talking to you).  The dry time was similar as well.  SO I now have two quite expensive bottles of &#34;just meh&#34; nail polish.  But learning to avoid this brand?  Priceless!
Good product, quality is about the same as any dept store brand. Seems to last most of the day.I would consider buying this again.
Nice light foundation. I may like a little thicker make up but this feels very nice on my skin and gives good coverage . The color matched perfectly and it stays on all day.
Not my favorite...I like Avon glimmer stick.  Liner disappears during the day. The tiny bit of shadow (hidden in the middle) does not even show on my eyes.
I bought lillium awhile ago in a kit for light skin. While it was okay I was disappointed that is was so light on my lips. My lips are so much deeper than the blush that when I used it I looked like a had whitish pink lips. I needed lots of gloss to deepen the color. I think this particular shade looks like it has a hint of orange to it. It's not too noticeable unless you are wearing a true pink or your skin tone is pink. If you have fair skin to light skin with light pigment in your lips this should work well especially if you have an orange pink tone. It has the feel of lip stick but not as creamy. I also tried the camellia which was way too orange it also came in a kit a tried. I didn't like the color much on me especially with my light skin. Most people say I have cool tones in my skin but because my skin is light the colors in this kits are automatically warm. I do like some some of Stila's products but so far the blushes don't attract me.
This product is creamy. It doesn't blend well in the skin. I have to really rub and rub it in for it to look sublte. Not worth the price at all!
I love thi8s!!!!! I love the color and everything about this. You need a lip brush to apply and it would be nice if one was included but other than that you will enjoy it.
I like this ok.  It applies well with a stipple brush and the colors gladiola and gerbera are gorgeous.  Only problem is that gladiola seems to fade within the hour on me, and gerbera kind of &#34;sits&#34; on my cheeks and looks very unnatural.  For the record, peony doesn't do that and I like it just fine. For the money, I prefer tarte's stains which look more natural on the skin.
So, I have very sensitive skin and this product didn't irritate it at all, which is great! But...I saw reviews that said "Last me forever! Is amazing! Made my skin feel awesome!"and for me it didn't do that. My face did feel tighter, but other than that nothing seemed different. It also it will not last me long at all. I think those people used it only for their face.  I use it for arms, neck and face. Maybe the more I use it, I'll see different results. Btw, it did come with a sponge, which I found helpful.
i received fango active mud ,green mud,not for delicate dry skin .just so so.i hope it fit my skin .
when i get it , its broken,, i was a little upset.. but the stuff not too bad.. just not adapt to my skin !
The glass case is not clean. I do not know if this product is used or refilled one. I am worry to use it, so I have not try it yet.
This powder was suggested to me as a replacement forMAC Studio Fix Powder Plus Foundation NC20. I did not find that the Stila powder was an improvement. This powder is not very smooth on the skin; it tends to look chalky, and then settle into the pores. I also did not find it to be very illuminating: I wanted something that gave me a natural glow like Studio Fix, whereas this stuff just did not have that kind of glow.] Finally, it doesn't have much coverage, and though I was told that the coverage was buildable, applying more just made me look more chalky. I wouldn't buy it again.For reference, I tried various applicators:EcoTools Domed Bronzer Brush, foundation brush, and the included sponge.
I lover this liner because it applies smoothly, you can wing it out with precision for a killer cat eye, or just keep it simple.  Either way, you get a crisp, dark, defined line that will last all day.  I have had my Smudge Pot (I call my Smudgie. haha) for several months now and it is still creamy as it was on day 1.  Also, you get a good amount, totally worth the price.HOWEVER,  I am a contact wearer, and have found that this liner, in particular, finds its way to my eyes and clouds up my contacts with a waxy film.  I have tried applying liner before putting in my contacts, but the liner still waxed up my vision.  I even tried to "blot" the brush on my hand 1st, so I apply a very thin coat, but that didn't work either.  I did not have this problem with the L'oreal H.I.P. gel liner, but I have have since replaced all of my makeup with products that are not tested on animals; the L'Oreal had to go.  It was a very good liner, though, no problems w/ contact lenses.  I am going to have to try another brand.. MAC Fluidline, or Bobbi Brown....If you do not wear contacts, then I would definitely recommend this liner, but beware if you do wear contacts.  Be prepared to clean (scrub, almost!) your lenses a few times to clean them up.  It can get really annoying. =[ The liner still looks great, though. Wah-wah. =[Oh Smudgie, why can't we get along... I love you. ='[
Shipping was very quick and I had no problems with the seller. The product color is beautiful but it's a little dry and doesn't last long on my eyelids even with primer.
I really wanted to love this product. It goes on smooth and creamy but I have doubts about its staying power. It seems to flake away easily unless you put on 3 or 4 layers. Anyone have tips on how to make this stuff stay on all day? I do put on eye shadow primer first, but it doesn't seem to help.
The Black Cat version of this has sparkles.. I much prefer the basic black.
I've been using the Stila Smudge Pots for the last two years. I love the bronze color - it's not too intense for daytime wear. Beautiful and definitely stays on. However, the last two times I've purchased the Smudge Pots on Amazon (most recently from the seller: The Beauty Box), they have been dried out and flaky. That's no good. I'll have to buy these @ Sephora to make sure I'm getting a fresh product, because they do tend to dry out after a couple of months even if you do get a good/fresh batch.
I don't know if I just don't know how to put it on, or it just goes on to thick, sorry I couldn't help more.
I thought this was a soft pink but it's more of a sparkly gold and goes on cakey.  It wasn't what I was looking for and I don't think the online description is very accurate.  it's too bad because I do line most of the Stila line.
I'm giving this 3 stars because while I didn't have success with it, I think other people will.I used an eyeliner brush to apply this, which worked fairly well. I got a nice line, although it was quite smudgy (as the name implies). This is nice if you're trying for that look, but less so if you want to line our upper eyelid. Still, it was okay.But, it was gone in about an hour. I must have oily eyelids, because this happens with nearly all liners. I'm still searching for one that will stay on. This seems to be a problem with me, not the product. I have had more success with liquid than this type.Overall, I would say that it was just okay. I've used other brands that seem to do a better job.
It stays on and I like that part - but it dries out to fast in the pot, even though I close it every time I fill my brush.
I got this is brown.  First, I want to note that there was weird glue on the jar and the glue melted (my bag was at my feet in the car and I guess the heater melted it) so now I have a messy jar.  I'm wondering why there was glue there in the first place.  I wasn't too pleased about this.The color is okay and it goes on nicely and looks great at first.  I've always preferred brown eye liner over black because of the softer look.  Unfortunately, this is too soft so I'm buying another in black.  Not sure if I'll go with this brand again, though.  I tend to get slightly oily and this doesn't last as long as I had hoped.  I never rub my eye or touch my eyes throughout the day so I can only assume that it's rubbing off as I blink.Previously, I had used the MAC eye pot in blitz and glitter and that would stay on even after a shower.  Anyway, I hope I have better luck with black.
This makeup is really too sheer to have much of an impact.  Dries out pretty quickly too.  Make sure you have a sponge or brush on hand because one is not included.  I am sure if you don't have fine lines, red tones pr disclosure on like me it works much better.
I love experimenting with make up and sometimes think I have tried just about every foundation on the market - from drug store brands to the uber high end cosmetic lines. I was excited to try the Vincent Longo creme to powder foundation and have been using it for about a month. The Bisque color is a nice neutral shade with a soft warm undertone. While it goes on nicely with a damp sponge or brush, I found the coverage to be sheer  - too sheer for my tastes. Directions say to layer and use the damp sponge method for more coverage but even that delivers minimal coverage at best. I find myself using it simply as a finishing powder over another foundation, which is fine but not the intended use (and pricey at that). The cost is also a factor for me - this is an expensive foundation that did not come with any sort of applicator sponge, which is extra, as is a proper compact to carry both in. Add those three things up and you are talking about an $85 product. I would gladly pay that for something exceptional but unfortunately this is a nice, sheer foundation that isn't much different than any other creme to powder foundation on the market.
I was lucky enough to get this product for free, as I would never spend this much on foundation. I was really excited to try it but I just don't see that it is superior to other, cheaper products. It's okay, but I was expecting more.
I've never used a creme-to-powder foundation before, but have heard the benefits and figured, why not?  While I get the appeal of the concept, I might not buy it again--at least not this particular product.I was very pleased when I put it on the first time.  I liked the method of application, I even liked the learning curve required to get the right look, and I was delighted with my face after all make-up was applied.  Smooth coverage, pretty and natural glow, and heck if it didn't match my skin tone quite nicely.But, as the day wore on, I wasn't as pleased. Please note I was never miserable, but the staying power wasn't great (I did use the company's primer with this that was great with my other foundations yet only pretty good here--bad combo?) and I felt my face looked a bit cakey.Okay, not as good as application as I thought.  Yes, there's a learning curve, but on the subsequent days of practice I still had the same results.  Sheer or a stronger coverage, this still has an odd cakey look to it I just don't care for.
I got this foundation through the Amazon Vine program to review.  I am always looking for new and interesting foundations.This is an interesting foundation that is in a neatly sealed package that keeps the foundation moist.  It is very pricey for the amount of foundation you get.It feels a bit weird when you put it on, very cool on your skin because of the water in it.  I applied it with a foundation brush and you really have to dig the brush into the foundation to get enough product on it.The color, Bisque, was great for my winter (sun-deprived) skin.  My skin color is usually light to medium.  When I first put it on I was super impressed.  It doesn't give great coverage, but it does look very natural and glowy and does a decent job evening out your skin tone.  It feels great too once it dries, very light...you barely notice it's there.Unfortunately I was really not impressed with the staying power.  After a couple hours I noticed it had rubbed off my nose and was starting to wear off on other portions of my face as well.  It dismally failed the "nap test"...how my make-up looks after I take a nap.  The whole side of my face that was on the pillow was rubbed off.I tried putting my favorite winter primer right now,Palladio Herbal Foundation Primer, on underneath it but that didn't really help the staying power.  I tried using my summer primer,Cotz Face Natural Skin Tone SPF 40, 1.5 Ounce, under it and that worked better.  The Cotz product provides some coverage by itself and this foundation sat on it nicely and seemed to stay on a bit better.I have somewhat oily skin and definitely needed to use a powder to set this.  I ended up using bothNeutrogena Healthy Skin Pressed PowderandRimmel Stay Matte Pressed Powderto set this...both powders worked fine and helped a little with staying power but not a ton.I don't think I will be using any more of this foundation.  The coverage is just too light and the foundation rubs off way to easily.  The water in the foundation also makes my foundation brush get all clumpy and goopy.  I will be sticking with my current favorite foundation,Tarte Cosmetics Amazonian Clay 12-Hour Full Coverage Foundation.Pros:- Smells nice- Initially provides a nice/natural and glowy looking coverage- Neat packaging to keep the foundation moist- Good for sensitive skin (didn't make me break out)Cons:- Hard to get good coverage, isn't very buildable and doesn't cover redness or age spots well.- The foundation is wet which clumps up my make-up brushes- Horrible staying power, rubs off easily even with primer and powder to help set it.- Expensive for the small amount of foundation you get.- No SPF, so you will have to either get primer/moisturizer/powder with SPF instead
The foundation is very light weight. I loved that it didn't even feel like I had make up on. The part I didn't like was that it didn't cover well for me. I would have liked it to cover a bit more than it did, but other than that, I'm pretty happy with the product. Not sure if I would pay full price for it, though.
I generally don't use creme-to-powder foundations, preferring liquid formulas for my 30+-year-old, oily skin. I was overall quite pleased with this product's performance. It has a silky texture, applies smoothly, and blends to perfection. After a few hours I had more shine than I would like, but that is typical of most foundations.My one main beef with this stuff is the product packaging. It's AWFUL. The container has a twist-off cap which is super difficult to remove, and the package material is the cheapest, thinnest plastic you can imagine. For such a pricey product I would expect much more in the presentation department, especially considering the minimal amount of product you receive. I'm sure there are more effective formulas out there that give you a nicer container and more product for your money.
The actual product is wonderful! It is my favorite blush. Unfortunatley I received it completely shattered! I was leaving on vacation and wanted to take the blush so I had no chance to return it!
I'm little torn in my opinion of this Jouer Hydrating Lipstick, because while it is a nice high-end lipstick, it does not quite live up to its own hype. It applies very smoothly, and the pigment is bright and rich and opaque. However, I don't find it to be moisturizing at all, and that is what the main benefit of this product is supposed to be.My lipstick is in the color "Whitney." Judging from the color on the screen, I expected this lipstick to be a rose color. It is not. It is a bright bubblegum, Barbie pink. This color will flatter a number of skin tones; unfortunately, mine is not one of them.The packaging is a very attractive brushed gold, with a heft that lives up to its high-end price tag. My one issue is that the bullet of lipstick will not stay up. When I try to swatch the color on my hand or apply it to my lips, the pressure on the tip of the bullet rolls it right back down into the base. I'm not sure if this issue affects all Jouer lipsticks or if I just received a finicky one, but it makes the product somewhat difficult to use.Overall, this is a nice enough product, even though I didn't care for the color. If the packaging didn't make this hard to use, I would say that it was worth the purchase price.
This lipstick went on well, felt good going on, and lives up to the hydrating claim, but it didn't last as long as expected.My one real complain is the color.  The color (as viewed on my computer which I know can vary) looks like a rich pinkish plum color, but when I wore it it was much more vibrant and hot pinkish and had more of a matte finish instead of a sheen or gloss.  I generally buy colors similar to Whitney so it was a bit of a shock and disappointment when trying this one on.  I guess I also assumed that since it was hydrating that it would have a subtle sheen to it....not necessarily a gloss but not a matte either.I don't think I'll be getting lipstick online again because there are just too many color variations.
Lovely color, hydrating and nice feel, but the fragrance was very unappealing. Reminded me of an old Merle Norman 'cold cream' product my mom used for years and years. Couldn't get past the scent of the product to continue wearing it. Color wasn't the best shade for my lighter tones either. (reviewed by my wife ;-)
The color of Jouer Whitney is bright pink in the tube but more subtle when applied, since it goes on sheer.The texture is fine but not especially creamy.  The color is better for cool-toned, light-skinned complexions instead of warmer complexions.  It's not neutral but it's also subdued enough for everyday or daytime use.
This lip stick comes in a variety of colors. It goes on smooth, looks moist, and does not stain the lips. The problem is that it does not stay fresh looking long enough for me. Every 2 hours I have to check on it. The price is not great either. (Currently it is twenty-two dollars. That is more than most department stores charge for their expensive brands.)I usually use a Lancome brand. But when money is tight, I have been able to find a few Cover Girls that work just as well - at a lot less cost.Reviewed by Detra Fitch
Whitney is a unique color and one that I would never voluntarily buy for myself. I am of Italian/Hungarian descent and have a `different/odd' skin tone...with an underlying sallowness. This was the only color available to me.That said, although this product does moisturize your lips beautifully, it does NOT last more than an hour or an hour and a half and that is without kissing or even much talking!. It does stain them the tiniest bit though.This color is a very bright yet somewhat pale, pink with a very blue background. I do not think it will be complimentary to many skin tones.Be careful choosing which color you want to buy, based on this particular one I do not think that the photos are telling the real story. Another problem is the names - while they are very cute - they do not give you even the tiniest clue as to what to expect.
The formula of this lipstick is quite good.  It claims to be hydrating and it feels nice and moisturizing on the lips.  It did not dry out my lips at all, and it felt good while wearing.  The color, however, leaves a bit to be desired.  The lipstick I received looks entirely different from the color sample on the order page.  The &#34;Whitney&#34; color on the order page appears to be a medium pinkish-plum.  What I got was really a light shade of hot pink.  It's the sort of shade that can work for a dramatic evening look, but is not really suited to daywear.  That in and of itself is fine, but when one wears a statement lipstick one needs dramatic, saturated color, and the moisturizing formula means that this color is more sheer than saturated.  In the end, there was no way to make this look good.  My skin had definite pink undertones, and I look good in most pink lipsticks, but this one didn't work.  It's a kind of shocking color that's impossible to put on in a shocking fashion.
For everyday wear, I use M.A.C. Lipglass in many colours or Burt's Bee Tinted Lip Glosses, as they are SO very moisturizing to my lips. But, for those "special occasions" where you're dressed to the  9's and want a very impressive lip to go along with those smoky eyes, THEN I'll haul out the lipstick, for the drama.I have several shades of M.A.C. lipsticks and at $15.00/tube, it seems a very good price point. This Jouer "hydrating" lipstick is $7.00 more per tube and sadly, I didn't notice ANY difference in the hydration level. I do understand that lip-STICK and lip-GLOSS are two very different animals, so I use Burt's Bee Balm with honey under both of these lipsticks: the M.A.C. and Jouer. They equally last about 1 hour of time before it's necessary to reapply: the colour I was sent is a brilliantly PINK! shade called Whitney. Fortunately, once on, it is NOT as screaming mimi of a tone that it appears in the tube.I suppose if you're a fan of Jouer cosmetics and want to stay true to the line, then the price point won't bother you. But as for hydrating, well, it was no different than any other lipstick I currently use. On the plus side, it did NOT cake nor dry out my lips so that may fall under the category of "hydrating". But, they did not feel as soft and kissable as they do when I'm using M.A.C. lipsticks or gloss.
I think that lipstick color, much like liquid makeup, has a tendency to react with the oils and underlying skin tones of each individual, therefore as colors go, one shade may vary from person to person.  I received a tube of Whitney and when I used it I found that the color on me was a very pale pink.  A second and third coat did darken it somewhat, but not much.  The vitamins and hydrating ingredients present in the product lived up to the claims offering not only protection but making my lips look and feel smooth (eliminating that dry, parched look).  As for the "staying power" of this product, I found that it wore off easily and had to be reapplied several times a day.In defense of this particular product, I will say that other lipsticks I have used that had great staying power, also tended to be very drying - so it appears that this is a situation where compromises have to be made.  Either you use a product that you only apply once a day and suffer the consequences of looking like you have been trekking across the Mojave Desert for weeks, or you use a product like JOUER that requires several re-applications, but leaves your lips feeling and looking great.  Decisions, decisions!!  It's up to you.  3 1/2 stars
I was very excited to try this lipstick!  However, the shade didn't really come out on me like in the picture.  On my lips, it looked like a bright, cool, pink/purple.  I have pale skin with warm tones so this was pretty much the worst shade I've ever tried on me personally.  I left it on for a while to see how it felt, and after about 30 minutes my lips felt pretty dry and waxy.  I think if you have cool-toned skin and want a bright shade, you should try this.  But be aware that you might need to apply clear gloss to keep your lips hydrated-feeling.  Hope this helps!
When my wife originally put this lipstick on she liked it fairly well saying that it didn't go on very smooth but it gave a nice matte, saturated and very pink coloring. However, after less than an hour the color had started to fade to the point that it was hardly visible any longer. Having to reapply every hour to maintain the saturated, matte pink look didn't sit well with her.
Please see my review for Deborah Lippman in Tiny Dancer.  Long story short, combined the two and was not impressed.  Save your money!
I saw the DL pictures online (no place near where I am to see them in person) and was really in love with this one and another one...I went with this, as it seemed to be a pale creamy pink.  I thought it would make a great every day color.  I didn't know (and couldn't tell from any pictures) that it goes on as basically clear polish shot through with sparkle in a rusty pink color.  No other way for me to describe the color, though description of that sort's not my strongest suit.It not only wasn't what I was looking for, but it also wasn't very attractive (on me).  Granted, I just used one coat, which probably didn't make it look its best (kind of uneven glitter) but I really disliked it when it dried, so I didn't want to take more time to slap on another coat.I'm not saying there's anything wrong with this per se, it just is not for me.  On the other hand, I have a different color by the same brand that I love, so I can tell you that the quality of the polish is excellent and long-lasting.  So if you are attracted to any of the colors it's money well spent.
Very, very sheer.  Far more sparkle than color and poor coverage.  Not what I expected or was looking for:(  Will have to keep searching for that perfect summer shade.
i love the color, but I was surprised by the lack of quality.  It chipped after two days. For $17 I expect more from a nail polish. I will stick with my favorite brand, OPI
I Like the product but cap needs to be more durable. Should be designed as if it's going to be used in the shower. It slipped out of hand and hit the tub and cap broke spilling 50% of my product down the drain :(
My skin type: I have oily skin, black heads on nose and cheeks.  Occasional break outs.Time using product: 2x a day for the last 3 months.As the first face wash I've used in many many years I don't have much to compre this one too.  I read multiple reviews on how well this product works and I can't say that it is the miracle cure all some say it is.  It has helped my complexion a bit, maybe by 1-5%, maybe thats all I should expect.  The biggest flaw I have with this face wash is it leaves my skin super shiny, almost like I rubbed polish on my face.  People comment asking why my cheeks and nose are so shiny.  I considered returning the product but figured I'd just use the product in hopes things would get better, things never did.All in all I will not be purchasing a refill nor would I go out of my way to recommend this face wash.  I understand not every product works for everyone, so maybe this wash just isn't for my bodys chemistry.  I give it 3 stars because I have nothing to compare it too and it has maybe helped my complexion very marginally.
It's worth the buy. Your face gets cleansed by a gentle product while making sure it keeps some sort of moisture. Nothing special here, but it's nice to know you can count on this product to do the expected and nothing more.
Only half way through the bottle, I bought to help with keratosis pilaris and acne prevention can't say at this time if it's helped or not no significant difference. One thing I will say is this product smells like car wax or an automotive polish type product - to me anyway - so if your looking for something that has a sexy man scent this ain't it.
I have oily skin and this cleanses nicely but there are other products I have tried that are better .
As a face scrub for men this is OK. I did not care for the smell (it smells terrible) and I expected more. I have to use face scrub because I have oily skin, but I was dissapointed. I expected more for the price and also it has an awful chemical smell.  I would have to pass on this. I don't understand why they did not add a nice decent fresh scent to it? No one wants to open up a tube and smell a refinery...
I needed to start using a face scrub regularly and decided to go with this one as it had great reviews and I've been happy with other Menscience products I've used in the past.  I did notice all the recent reviews were negative, specifically pointing out a change in formula that reduced the scrubbing action.  But I decided to roll the dice anyways given the longer history of very positive reviews.The scrub feels great for the first few seconds... but then the scrubbing beads breakdown and completely disappear, and it feels like a regular lotion/facewash as someone else mentioned.  You can squeeze more out of the tube but the beads will dissolve just as fast.  It's amazing when it works, and if it lasted I can see why the past reviews were so overwhelmingly favorable.  But for the length of effectiveness it isn't worth the cost at any price (and especially at this price point).
Read all the great reviews of this moisturizer, for me it was fine, not great. Goes on nicely and is non-greasy but if you have sensitive skin or are sensitive from shaving the AHAs in this may be too much and leave skin red and sensitized.
I bought this because of the reviews, and at first I was satisfied. The thing about this is that it leaves a film on your skin. On the face it's not so noticable and makes your skin 'feel' soft, but on your hands it's slick and I always have to wash my hands off as if it were hair product. The other huge downside is the lack of an SPF. I think all skincare products for your face should have at least an SPF15, and I sure did miss it when I went skiing and got burned. I prefer the proactiv moisturizer over this because it leaves no greasy feeling on your face or hands and has SPF15/30. I just don't like giving my money to them, so that's how I ended up trying this product.
I'm not sure how I would describe this product except for very light. It certainly leaves no oily residue and doesn't make your face shine. However, I often feel like I haven't put any moisturizer on my face at all. That is, I still feel like my skin is dry after using it. Not sure if I'd buy again.
Honestly my experience with this product is just average and not worth the extra money. Products that cost a fraction of this gives same or better value.
So I received this item as a gift from Menscience with my purchase. I mean i could never justify spending $11 for chapstick! I usually use the Burts Bee chapstick, it does an amazing job works beautifully, keeping my lips chap free and smooth!So on to the Menscience Lip Balm i have been using this chapstick for awhile now. It has a built in SPF 30 which is the standard oxybenzone and octinoxate. It also has Rosemary and Soy and Olive extracts. Interesting is contains some Cannibis sativa (hempseed) oil! First Impressions, it taste tastes and smells pretty awful. I know Menscience goes the Fragrance Free route for almost all their products and I do love that about them but I really wish they did something about this product. It does offer great protection and leaves my lips protected but the smell and taste is really unappealing. That being said I give this product a 3/5. Its totally not worth the price, and for the same protection you can go for other lip balms such as the Burts Bees(ive posted a picture of all my Menscience products to let you guys know I'm not one of those fake Menscience reviewers. More reviews to come of their products)
I do not see any visible differences by using this very expensive bottle of shampoo. Probably won't buy it again.
I've used this product for a couple of months and it does a good job, butnothing stellar.  It is better than anything you would find at Walmart orthe supermarket (i.e. Gillete, Colgage, etc) but not too different from a some shaving cream formulas from Kiehls or Art of Shaving.  Believe me, i've tried a bunch of shaving creams and gels and this product TOO EXPENSIVE.A better bet would be Kiehls shaving formulas which work well to improve my razor bumps and last a lot longer.I give it 3 stars because of price and also because 1/2 the reviews to date 5/10/08, have come from the South Florida area.  Mens Science is also based in South Florida.  Coincidence - perhaps, but I'm always a skeptic of a small number of reviews.Herbman
I have very sensitive skin and shaving is always a crap shoot for me.  I have to shave every other day because mymy skin is so sensitive.  This product works well but is a bit pricey.
I received this at no cost in exchange for writing a review. Here are my comments.1. I prefer this to shaving cream or gel--much simpler and quicker to apply and evenly spread because it is a lotion. However this does not provide a closer shave.2. It's very easy to shave with this, and less washing of my razor is required. I read one reviewer say that the lotion clogged his shaver, but that's never happened to me and I really don't even see how it's possible.3. But much as I like this, it's way too expensive for me to consider using on a regular basis. Razor burn has never been a problem for me, in large part because I don't have sensitive skin and always shave while in the shower, so my face is nice and moist.Bottom line: I like this, but it's much too expensive compared to other products that I can buy that will work just as well.
I received this at no cost in exchange for writing a review. Here are my comments.1. Razor burn has never been a problem for me since I don't have sensitive skin and always shave while in the shower, so my face is nice and moist.  However, this product does feel refreshing when I spray it on after a shave.2. But there are other products on the market that also feel just as good and cost a fraction of the price, so there is no way I would buy this on my own.Bottom line: I like this, but it's much too expensive for me.
Very Expensive. I have been using it for about 2 months for the sun spots near the side of my eyes and forehead. So far I have seen them fade a little bit, but that could also be due to it being fall and me not being in the sun as much.  I have plenty left and I only use a little bit on those areas so this product should last me a long time.  So only time will tell.
Alright, having reached a certain age group, I have decided to buy some men's products. I just want to ensure that I age.. ummm.. gracefully. Anyhow, I did notice some unsightly blemishes, freckles, sun spots etc that have popped up on my face and forehead, and reading some rave reviews on-line, I decided to give this product a try. Well what can I say? Does it work?I have no idea.I am not noticing any differences in my complexion so I am unable to say so right now. With that said, I am still not finished the product yet and I may revise my review once I am finished however it may be a very long time from now. The size of the container looks small. When I received it, I thought to myself "$60+ for THIS!!!", however, it is lasting forever. There is more than enough product contained within to last a lifetime, maybe 2. I have been using this for close to a year and I still have not reached the middle of the container yet so do not let it's size fool you. As far as effectiveness is concerned, for right now, neither nay or yay. Maybe others will have better results with it but I am still optimistic.As far as the ingredients is concerned, I will not pretend to be an expert, the only ingredients contained that I understand are Purified Water and Aloe Vera, which I am told is wonderful. The scent itself is not too bad or overpowering. I usually put this on after I shower and the scent is mildly pleasant.But by the looks of it, it may take me 2 lifetimes to finish what is left in the container. Yikes.
If the price were only about $5, then I would most definitely love this product! But for $20, it's actually not worth it. It's better than the other lip glosses I've tried, but those had only cost me about $3. Recommend if you have lots of money to spend, but if you're not-so-rich, then don't buy this product!!!!
To me this was too thick & sticky. I prefer a creamier gloss. The taste is also not great. Just not for me.
The color is very pretty and it feels nice but it doesn't stay on very long. I wanted to love this but have to say I won't buy it again..
I bought this thinking the pen would be full when I got it...WRONG..it is LESS THAN HALF FULL..and you have to really work and beat and click ot get it out..then its goopy...and thick and is almost invisible...it isnt the pink I thought it would be and its just a gooey mess..I will not buy this again
This stuff hurts!  I mean the smell is nice with lemon and mint.  I have used Proraso and other aftershave lotions and this one is by far the most painful when applied.  I mean you really feel it and it wears off slowly.  Skin feels soft afterwards but you have to deal with the pain first.  Also, I received a tube not a bottle as shown.  Don't like that but I am not returning.Too funny - I get "0 of 2 people found the following review helpful"What didn't you like?  My honesty?UPDATE:I found out that when you use this product alone it is fine - no sting at all.  However, when used after you use an aftershave your face will burn.
A bit refreshing, but I'd prefer similar scents with less chemicals. With over 20 aftershave creams, balms, and splashes now, this one just doesn't stand out.
I have fairly sensitive skin and need a good alcohol free after shave to avoid alot of irritation. I have used several types in the past and this has been the best. It goes on nice and smooth and does not dry out my face. Nothing worse than have that tight and dry skin feeling after shaving. This keeps my face moisturized for quite some time after shaving. Has a pleasant, manly smell too. I will continue to buy this.Update- I have used this after shave for over a month and I am not really as impressed as I once was. It is not nearly as moisturizing as Proraso after shave, yet it is 3x the price. I will not buy this again because of the price.
I bought it for my man's birthday, and he doesn't use it much. I think he is intimidated by the prettieness of the packaging.
Used it as moisturizer as my skin's been sensitive and acne prone to most moisturizer that I had been using. Someone else who reviewed this product mentioned that it can work as one so I gave it a try.Immediately after applying the product to your face, you will feel refreshing sensation, kind of like salon pas or something. It does moisturizes the skin but I found myself reapplying on specific areas to rid of remaining dryness/ashyness.Obviously, it wasn't meant to be used as moisturizer. Though your face won't experience inflammation or break-out, it leaves a messy complexion and color tone on your face. In plain terms, your face looks messy, lol.It's a good product as after shave balm but you'll have to applying something else on top. It will cause your skin tone to be erratic after prolonged use.
Had read a great review on Jack Black Industrial Strength Hand Healer in a magazine, and with a woodworking, cracked hands husband, it seemed a natural purchase.  I bought 2 tubes, so he'd have instant access.  Well, he's used it diligently for a few weeks now, and we're not seeing any HEALING, which is exactly what's needed for the cracks in his hands.  I'm sorry to say I haven't found a magic potion here.
Based on the reviews and the ingredients, I had high hopes for this hand cream.I love the way it smells, and I love the way it feels on my hands--it's absorbed quickly, unlike Neutrogena Norwegian Formula--but it is not up to the job of keeping my hands soft and smooth. Worse, it did nothing for the cracks at my fingertips, except perhaps to make them worse.Still, I suspect for most, this product will work well--which is why I'm giving it three stars, even though it did not work for me--but for dry, cracked hands, O'Keefe's Working Hands cream is the better option.
This product is good but I have not had the experience that encouraged me to purchase. It was stated that it didn't wash off easily but that has not been my experience. It does do better that some I have used but it washes off like any other cream it doesn't in my estimation last any longer than some much less expensive hand creams I have used as a matter of fact I have used some that even did a better job but didn't cost as much.
This hand healer does soften your skin, but doesn't absorb enough into your hands if you ask me. The smell is just ok too; it has a bit of a weird chemical undertone, but once I got used to it I didn't mind it.
you do most of the work and it makes a mess.  You really have to do a long and vigorous rub down to get good results.  I prefer to use a scrub that does most of the work through its exfoliation properties.
Notice little improvement for my blackness. For the price I didnt see the value. I would question purchasing it again
This products works as promised, my nails became dramatically stronger while using this product.  I use it as a top coat (one coat over my nail color) and it works great, I see very little chipping when applied.  The size of the product is rather small compared to the price.  While it works, I've managed to make it to Sally's Beauty supply and buy a nail hardener at a fraction of the cost. Two base coats and a top coat later, my nails are equally as hard.  The price is why I'm giving this product this rating.  I would happily repurchase as it works great with one coat, but the price is a bit exaggerated, the small bottle does not last long and I paint my nails regularly.
I have been applying this product every other day since I received it 8 days ago. As a nurse, I wash my hands frequently and use an alcohol foam multiple times a day between washes. My nails become dry, form ridges, peel, chip, and break. I have been using Sally Hanson Hard as Nails with some success. Since using the Lipmann my nails are cracking, peeling, and braking at such a rate that I am discontinuing use of the Lipmann immediately and returning to Sally Hanson. I have no idea why I thought paying more money would mean a better product.
I was expecting something fabulous but it was no better than OPI and OPI is 1/3 the price.  I don't see what the hype is about this brand, could someone explain?
This facial wash for men is fragrance free and does not lather whatsoever.  The face cloth I used barely looked like it did a job after I finished washing off the product.  It's hard to tell whether you are really scrubbing off dirt or not.  It kind of had a very faint smell of cheap, dollar store soap.  Though it didn't dry out my skin, I didn't feel particularly clean afterwards.  If you just want to rid your face of surface dirt I guess it will do a decent enough job, but I'm not convinced it is really offering deep cleaning of oily pores.  I got a little in my eye and it didn't burn, so that's a positive thing.  Still, I won't be using this in the future.  I need something with more lather and deep cleaning properties.
In the increasingly crowded market of male skin care products, it pays to stand out. Dove Men + Care, Neutrogena and other brands have made inroads of late. Baxter of California is not something I have used before, so I tried it without any bias whatsoever. This is a mild face wash in all respects. It does not have any lasting scent. This would work well for people with allergies or those who enjoy unscented products (as this reviewer prefers). The face wash left the reviewer's skin slightly dry and tight, something the finest face products strive to avoid. The wash comes out as a moderately thick cream with the same consistency as most other liquid soaps. The bottle is designed simply and tastefully.Although there was nothing offensive about Baxter's Face Wash, neither was anything in particular appealing. It is ordinary soap with ordinary results--look elsewhere for something that will not overdry skin.
This soap is part of a total care package that if purchased separately would take total care of your wallet.  At $15 this is no dime store soap.If you're looking for inspiring packaging you'd best go elsewhere.  What you see in the picture is what you get and nothing more.  Maybe the best is inside?Add depends upon how you look at it.  Although unscented it does carry an odd smell about it -- sort of cheap and plastic-like.  It also has a pearlescent texture not unlike some cheaper liquid soaps I've seen before.Those desiring lather are going to be in for a rude shock --  this stuff just doesn't lather much at all.  My first time using it I had to go back and review the bottle to make sure it wasn't facial cream instead of cleanser.To be fair, the resulting wash is effective.  I have oily skin and this make it smooth and dry and kept it that way for nearly 2 hours in Florida humidity.  Not many cleansers can do that. Then again, for $15 it should also act as a shave cream and hair gel, too.
I made the mistake of thinking this was a typical face wash for women. Upon getting it, I realized it was for men. My teenage son used this. The wash left his face less oily looking. I will say that it is a good wash for the oily skin, but there are cheaper products out there that work just as well
Apparently this product is intended for men. The label even says "gender-specific." I don't know what they are claiming is gender-specific about it, but it is a good basic face wash. There is nothing in it that should irritate most people's skin. It is fragrance-free. It doesn't foam very much (which is fine -- you don't need lather to get clean). This would be a fine face wash for anyone with normal or sensitive skin.There's no reason to spend the money on this product, though. You can get Eucerin for $6 at the drug store. Why pay $15 for this?Bottom line: fine, but nothing special.
The packaging is very simple and understated...very attractive.  My husband uses many different drug store face washes and was very happy to try this product. He said it worked fine, nothing too amazing. He felt it was a little bit more drying than some of the other washes but said he did not mind in the summer since his face is so oily in the summer. He felt like like he did not see any great benefit compared to the drugstore products he has used in the past.
This is a fairly good cleanser -- as effective as one with exfoliating beads, but without the roughness. Unfortunately, to accomplish this it DEFINITELY dries out the skin (or at least, my skin), so if you're going to use this be sure you have a good moisturizer on hand. Also, while it doesn't have the strong cologne smell of a lot of products aimed at men, it still smells faintly musty, like clothes that have been packed away for a while. All in all, I won't be using it again.
This is a mediocre face wash, it is creamy, non-foaming and unscented but can be kind of drying since the primary ingredients are Cetyl alcohol and TEA-Lauryl Sulfate, which in  combination are quite effective at stripping oil from the skin.  TEA-Lauryl Sulfate is an extremely low-cost and somewhat harsh surfactant.  I'm not one to jump on the 'all sulfates are evil' bandwagon, but cheap surfactants like TEA-LS and SLS have no place in a premium skincare formulation when there are so many better options available these days.This facewash works well for shaving though, especially if using an electric razor where foaming shave creams are not ideal.  The high cetyl alcohol content makes this formulation an excellent lubricant.  (Cetyl alcohol is a waxy long-chain alcohol emulsifier more commonly found in conditioners and lotions than in face wash, it is also sometimes used as a specialty lubricant in industry.. I'm really not sure why they included it in this face wash other than to make it seem less harsh since many people think cream cleansers are more gentle than foaming cleansers, although that is not always true, as in this case).A much better facewash marketed towards men is the one by Menscience, or I would recommend either of the CeraVe face washes (they make a foaming and a non-foaming version).
I have been recently introduced to Baxter of California shaving products.  Lately I have been using their shaving cream and aftershave products, and now I've had the opportunity to try their face wash.  I really like their shaving products.  The first thing I noticed about their face wash, though, was its nasty smell.  Thankfully, it does not linger and is gone before you even rinse your face off.  A little seems to go a long way, it lathers pretty easily and seems to rinse off well, my face feels soft after using it, and my shave seems to be smoother after washing my face first with this product.  I can't say that it works any better than lower cost products such as Dove, though.I think Baxter of California Daily Face Wash is a decent product to use prior to shaving and does seem to lead to a smoother shave.  It would be a good value if sold at half the current selling price.  But at its current price point I think there are other lower cost facial washes available that will work equally well.
Didnt do a great job of moisturising. Didnt dry or hurt my skin. Pretty mild.
I didn't realize this product is for men, until it arrived : ) But it can certainly be considered Unisex as far as I'm concerned. I'm guessing it's intended for guys because they shave their face, but the directions don't specify anything other than to gently massage on to skin & rinse thoroughly. It definitely removed all of my make-up, which not every cleanser can, but I did wash with it a total of 3 times to ensure that. The next morning I had small breakouts on my chin, but not so much after continued use.
I got this toner without realizing that it is actually meant for men and I am a female.  The scent of the toner is that classic harsh smell of alcohol mixed with peppermint.  It does a good job opening the pores and giving you that refreshed feeling after using it.  I don't see any reason why it would be targeted toward men alone.  The scent of the product and use is really pretty gender neutral.
A good toner has become an indispensable part of my makeup routine.  I requested a sample of the Baxter of California toner to review through the Vine program for this reason, and also because I find mint fragrances a refreshing change from typical personal care products.  When I requested the sample, I did not notice the fine print on the label that said it was designed for men, but as other reviewers have pointed out, the fragrance is gender-neutral, and I would have no qualms about using it regularly.Pros:1.  Fragrance.  The herbal mint fragrance is refreshing without being overpowering, and quite enjoyable.2.  Good value.  The 10 oz bottle is only $18, which is considerably cheaper than what I have been paying for the toner I usually purchase (Obagi).Cons:1.  The toner feels great upon administering it, but after it dried, it felt a bit sticky/tacky on my skin.  I prefer the Obagi toner in that regard.2.  I had my teenage son try it out, and while he liked the smell, there must have been something in it that he was sensitive to, as it made his face itch and turn red a little. So it may not be for everybody.Bottom line:  I liked it, but not enough to make me switch from my usual brand.
Well, that's not a problem, because I used it and have liked it.  Previously, I had ordered a deodorant from Baxter and found it to be too strongly scented.  My husband tried it out and he enjoyed it.This is lightly scented and even though it's for men, I've used it quite a few nights and it really does a good job of cleaning your face.  The scent doesn't "hang around" and annoy me, which was a concern.  Sometimes I'm really sensitive to scents (I think I get that from my mother!) but this fresh minty scent didn't bug me at all.Now that I know that Baxter is a gentleman's company, I probably won't order anything more from them.  However, their deodorant and this toner are nice additions to our cleaning routines.
This is a nice product and works well. However, I am under the impression that it is the product Seabreeze repackaged. The smell and feel are nearly identical. So instead of spending the 18 bucks for this, I will stick to a 4 dollar bottle of Seabreeze.
Has a floral scent that is nice but not very strong. There is nothing invigorating about this wash and, unlike other body washes, the scent is so mild that after the shower none of the smell remains on your body. I'm going to finish the bottle but don't think it's worth buying again.
With so many body wash products on the market, maybe TOO many, this one from Baxter of California was adequate, inoffensive, but nothing special. It does not have a strong nor even subtle and appealing fragrance, it did not "invigorate" anything, at least not from my experience over the last couple weeks.As someone who showers after cardio at the gym six times a week I go through alot of bodywash, soap, lotions, etc. The skin takes a workout as well as the insides and as I also have dry skin I am careful what I use on my skin. Aveda is my favorite line because they work and they do actually stimulate the skin, such as feet and hands. The various lotions available through Bath & Bodyworks are equally lovely in fragrance but not in the same category as Aveda for performance. This one by Baxter, then, has some serious competition to beat.Bodywash needs to be cleansing without stripping the skin, Baxter's does leave you feeling clean and did not further dry out my skin the way traditional soaps do - but again - Baxer's may want to rethink what the competition is doing if they wish to supplant them. In the meantime I will stay with Aveda.
I have used this wash for a couple of days. Its very gentle on skin.My big disappointment was that it does not have a strong scent. If that's what you prefer then don't buy it.
I know this is geared towards men but I thought I would try it anyway. The scent is very light, I can't really smell the Pear and Bergamot. This would probably appeal to men. I thought the packaging was very plain, almost as if it were trying to seem very expensive and something that one would buy at a spa. I just thought it seemed ordinary and the name pretentious. The wash isn't very sudsy and I ended up using more than I would with another product. If I were buying body wash for a man, I don't think this would be something I'd buy. There are other more appealing products out there.
Baxter sounds like a pets nomenclature not a mens skincare line.This "invigorating" body wash is just okay. It smells really good, bergamot and pearish but I can find that scent in body wash for way cheaper than this on grocery store shelves across the world. What is special about this one? That its for men only? That its for all skin types and "washes away dirt and debris" without washing away moisture? Again...the way the skin care lines are nowadays? There are far too many out there to choose from that all do the same thing, and cheaper.Let me point out that I could not get the darn spout to work, My husband had to unscrew the top for at least 3-4 minutes. Frustrating.It cleans, like a body wash should. But would I purchase this again? No.
This body wash has a pleasing scent that dissipates soon after rinsing off. I did find though that my skin felt dry and tight after using it, something I usually don't feel with most body washes, so I wonder if repeated use will dry out my sensitive, oily skin. For a similarly priced body wash, I think I will stick with Anthony for men body wash. A more minor issue was having trouble getting the pump from unlocking in its shipping position, which could have been just a a dud.
The scent is very fresh but my skin gets hives apparently allergic to an ingredient.  Not very sudsy for those of you who like to see foamy cleaning action.  Price is expensive for the quantity but it is a very nice scent wish I wasn't allergic!
This body wash has almost no scent!  If you purposely put your nose close to the spout you can get a faint smell.  It's a pleasant scent but irrelevant since it's almost nonexistent.  There are no suds or bubbles.  It's the oddest thing to use a soap that doesn't foam much less smell.  My skin felt clean and refreshed however and it rinses cleanly and quickly both off my body and the sponge.  There's nothing terrible about this product but there's also nothing particularly good about it.  One of the benefits of using a body wash aside from getting clean is to experience the pleasant smell.  If you like purely functional washes this is for you.  I think I'll stick with my more luxurious preference made by another company.  Compared to that other brand Baxter is more expensive as well.
This product is targeted toward men, however I think the scent would work for a man or a woman.  As body washes go, this one is pretty thin and doesn't have a very good lather.  The packaging is nice, but since it's pretty expensive for a "so-so" product, I doubt we will be purchasing this product in the future.
I tried and liked this body wash.  The scent was very nice, and both me and my husband liked it.  However, the small size of the bottle and the cost are what turned me away.  When looking for value, I do not think it is worth the extra money.
I'm not sure what I honestly expected. I guess that I, like generations of people, have a soft spot in my heart for tea, earl gray. Knowing that there is bergamot in that tea, and knowing that I like the smell of pear, I was really looking forward to this. And I can say that I was pretty disappointed. It turns out that bergamot will totally drown out the smell of pear, especially if enough bergamot is used to make this potent (and a bit pungent). Not something that I would say is appropriate for women, or most men. But if you're into strongly scented personal hygiene products (think Old Spice level), this might be for you.To find out whether you'll like this soap, perform the following test. First, steep an Earl Gray tea bag in 95C water in a tightly sealed container for about five minutes. Take the lid off and inhale as much steam as you can, paying attention to the almost cinnamony-nutty smell that you detect. Imagine that on your hands and the rest of your body. If you didn't gag (or thought, "Hey! Women will love that, because they think that I'm a bald, French captain!"), then this might be the soap for you. (And, by the way, you're a dork.)As a parenthetical note, one is forced to wonder about the legitimacy of their bergamot oil, for two reasons. First, Wikipedia tells me that over three thousand tons of "bergamot oil" are marketed each year, while only one hundred tons are actually made. Second, bergamot (and other citrus oils) can apparently induce a phototoxic effect on the skin wherein exposure to sunlight causes the skin to redden. That didn't happen to me.It is soap, though, so I can't knock it too hard. I didn't get red and itchy after I used it like I do with some really harsh soaps. That said, it doesn't appear to contain anything all that unusual, and I can't understand either the pitch or the pricing. It didn't dry out my hands after repeated use, and it gets normal levels of soil off. (I haven't tried it with engine grease, but I suspect that it would not be sufficient for that.) It does help get rid of the scent of fish, if you have been fishmongering.As a final note, I haven't personally found it to be liquidy or hard to lather. I think that those people are used to PEGylated soaps and have hard water. But maybe I'm wrong.
This review is about the Bergamot and Pear "flavor" of Baxter of California's Invigorating Body Wash. As you may know, bergamot essential oil is the flavoring used in Earl Grey tea. Bergamot is a type of orange (citrus fruit), and you'd think its rind would have a tangy/citrus-y bite; but it has only a mild hint of citrus, and that's what's made Earl Grey tea such a favorite over the years.Most of us know a pear when we see one and smell one. It's one of the mildest fruity tastes and scents ever "invented"! I love a sweet, juicy pear--especially one that's ripened on the vine and freshly picked, an experience no one should miss.So it only makes sense that if Baxter put bergamot and pear together, you'd get a mild scent. And that's what you get. In fact, it's so mild that I can barely smell it. I've used it for a couple of weeks, and sometimes I start to wonder whether there's really any bergamot and pear essence in the formulation. Other times I just barely get a hint of pear.As for applying it, I still like to use my hands to apply things in the shower, whether hard soap or liquid body wash. (Now, how would that work if I didn't use my hands to soap myself up? I'm thinking about it and will update this if I come up with something.) I found that applying the wash by hand brought up no lather at all. Something about being a guy in a shower makes me want and expect that I'm going to get soap lather all over me, and I won't feel clean unless I do. The experience was more like applying a lotion and then rinsing it off. And because of that, I didn't feel like it really cleaned me. Probably just a perception thing, but there nevertheless.Next time I tried applying it with a terry washcloth. Barely a bubble. Still more like a lotion.The next day my wife tossed me an exfoliating sponge and said, here, try this. Just a few more bubbles.Next morning my wife threw a pouf at me and said, here, soapy boy, maybe this will work.And, voila, it did! Three pumps in that pouf (hmm...does that sound weird?) and I worked up a nice gentle lather all over. It rinsed off cleanly, with no lingering oily or lotion feel, and it was all good. Just as good was the fact that it didn't make the shower floor slippery--something I've experienced in testing other body washes. That's really dangerous, certainly nothing to play around with.I guess I'm just used to the deodorant soap bars with strong scents, lots of lather, and the squeaky clean skin it leaves behind. I just have to be careful to rinse the bar soap gunk off very thoroughly and then apply lotion to the areas that tend to get irritated. The Baxter wash probably leaves some good oils on your skin, and it's probably better for your skin. But I'm just guessing.Finally, the price of the Baxter wash is a bit too high for my wallet. Summary: I'd like a slightly stronger scent, I don't like having to use the pouf, it's too expensive for me, but I think it's a good product.
I am used to showering with wash like Axe and Old Spice, but I thought I would try this wash since it is supposed to be better for your skin. It does not lather as well as the drugstore brands, but I don't mind that. This one has a pleasant smell (a little girly) but it seems to fade away after you rinse. I like Baxter products so I will try some of the other scents to see if I like it better.Update- I have used this wash for over one month and I do not notice a difference. My old $3 body wash has the same results. Will not buy this again, too expensive.
Needs more Lather. Smells great but even with a loofa, you need to use a ton of it to get sudsy and smelling great.
I got this through Amazon Vine and was excited to review an herbal scented shower gel like this.  I am female and did not realize that this is an "Invigorating Shower Gel for Men".  If you read the product description carefully you will see this is a for men product; that however is not stated in the title or in the abbreviated product description.The shower gel comes in a nice pump as pictured.  The shower gel itself is bright blue.  It is quite a bit runnier than shower gel I am used to using.  So when I put it on my loofah it kind of runs all over the place instead of staying where it should.It has a very very strong herbal masculine scent to it.  By very strong I mean the whole bathroom smells like this shower gel after a couple times of use.It lathers up nicely and cleanses my skin just fine.  After using a couple weeks I haven't really noticed any improvement in skin quality or anything.  I have sensitive skin and this product didn't make me itchy or cause breakouts or anything.The worst part about it is that I smell very masculine after I use it.  I tried to get my husband to try it and see what he thought, but he absolutely hates the smell.So all in all it's not a horrible product, but it also wasn't a winner in our house.Pros:- Foams nicely- Nice Pump/BottleCons:- Watery- Very strong scent- Need to advertise better that this is a masculine scent- Doesn't seem to reduce dryness or improve skin quality
First of all, I have to say that the Baxter of California body wash lathers nicely and leaves skin feeling clean and soft.  I also like the handy pump bottle that I can keep in the shower caddy.  However, the Flora and Cassis scent was just a bit too floral for the men in my household, so it stayed with me.  The scent, I believe, is a little too manly for my liking, as I usually prefer herbal or citrus scents.  If this were in a different scent, I think it would be a fantastic product.
This shower gel is perfectly acceptable. It comes out of the pump nice and thick, and one squirt made a good amount of lather on my shower puff. I didn't realize when I ordered it that this product was intended for men. I suppose the scent is sort of manly, but it's not overwhelmingly so. I don't see any reason why women can't use it too, if they want to.I saw "bergamot" and hoped it would smell like Earl Grey tea. It doesn't. It smells like chemicals to me. I'm not a fan of the scent. (Someone should make an Earl Grey scented shower gel. I'd buy that!)There's nothing special about this product. You can get a perfectly good, nice-smelling shower gel for way less than what this stuff costs.
The smell of this is really good. Very fresh, pure, and clean. More pear than bergamot in my humble opinion. Only issue is that is doesn't really lather, and no, our water is not hard. I literally need three pumps to wash my Adonis like frame, which is really two pumps too many.
I must say that I really am fond of the rich cassis fragrance in this body wash. It's quite unique for a male body wash to include both floral notes and the lush black currant cassis. It reminds me a lot of a candle I own by Voluspa. I really like it a lot. The only problem I have with this body wash aside from it's somewhat watery consistency would be the fact that it caused me to break out into an unfortunate and all-together nightmarish rash all over my body. I am not sure if I am allergic to the cassis or whatever plant derived ingredients were used but it was very disastrous. That said, I like the scent. I really do. I wish I wasn't so allergic to this because I would honestly enjoy using it as my primary body wash. I think this will appeal to men (and women) who would like a truly unique smelling body wash. It doesn't really fall into being totally masculine in it's scent so it could be used by both guys and girls. I am taking one star off for my allergic reaction and another for the gel being too thin and watery. I like a body wash gel that has some density to it. It is hard to lather when it is so watery.Overall, great scent. Very unique and different for a body wash. I wish I wasn't allergic :\
As a body wash, this Baxter of California product works fine. It cleans without stripping, and does not leave a filmy residue on the skin. If this Body Wash had been a different flavor, I may have liked it. The Bergamot and Pear is not an appealing scent to me. It is all Bergamot, no noticeable Pear. The scent is very sweet, and almost medicinal. My husband refused to use it as a body wash due to the scent, so we moved it to the sink for hand washing purposes. The cloying fragrance lingers on hands, though, and we ended up trashing it because no one in the household liked the smell.Bottom line - the product is effective as a body wash, but this flavor did not work for me.
Generally, I stay away from scented products. My tolerance for scent is high and scented products make me feel a little ill. So, I approached this product with soem trepidation. But the combination of pear and bergamot is nice. Initially, the scent is strong, but it doesn't linger.My partner says this body wash hydrates his skin, making it feel less dry and itchy, something he says he suffers from a lot.In my mind, this body wash doesn't lather a lot, certainly not as much as the Dr. Bonner's we normally use.Because it costs $15, about $5 more than a large bottle of Dr. Bonners, and it contains about a third as much, I probably would not buy this item.
I wanted to like this product a lot more than I ended up feeling about it. It's a good cleanser and the scent is nice. But the downside is twofold: at 10 ounces this is more of a hand soap than a body wash: I'm not exactly Pavarotti sized but I'd go through 10 ounces fairly quickly. The other downside is that the scent of it lingers a fairly long time. Nice if you want to smell like the soap, not-so-much if you want to smell like your own cologne or perfume.Personally, I'll stick to good old Dr Bonners..
Well, OK.  It's not that invigorating; it's bodywash, not cocaine.  It has a pleasant fragrance and, you know, gets you clean.  The packaging is a bit medicinal:  it looks like something you'd get from the vet to treat your dog's psoriasis.
I tend to get bags under my eyes so I tried this product (since I have bought alot of Baxter products recently). It goes on smooth, is unscented and does not leave my skin greasy or shinny. I have been using it about a week, but I am not sure I notice any difference. I will keep trying though, as it probably moisturizes my skin.Update- I have used this product for over one month and I am pretty sure I do not see any difference. I will not buy again, too expensive for no or little results.
I got this for a friend of mine who was complaining about having dry and flaky skin in the winter.  He didn't want to get a moisturizer from a store, because most of the ones you find there are for women.  He didn't want any fancy flower smell on his face.  He did want something to stop the flaking and redness from exposure to the elements outside. After using this product for week, he actually was surprised to see that it helped.  It didn't happen over night, but it is starting to clear up the flaking and the redness has come down in his cheeks.  It even feels a little smoother.
This may be bias because it says this moisturizer is for men but I didn't know that when I chose it. Though it's a general moisturizer so I'd say it's more unisex anyway and can possibly be used by anyone for dry skin or after your shower. When I say it's probably not better than cheaper ones I mean you could probably find a cheaper alternative on par with this one for less money that works just as well.  Though the product isn't 'bad'. It has a nice neutral smell and is extremely absorbent. That is one of the areas where it is superior- minute it hits the skin it absorbs quickly and has a very non- oily consistency when compared to other lotions.  Other than that I don't think there's anything really awesome about it, but then again it may be a different story for men but I doubt it. Skin is skin. It comes in fancy packaging or looks pretty well presented and is in a nice tube as well.Overall, it's a hit or miss- if you want to pay 20 bucks for some moisturizer- it won't not work per se but it's just moisturizer.- Would be an ok/nice gift. But i'm sure you can find cheaper elsewhere that would work just as good. You also get a decent amount but I wouldn't say 20 bucks worth or that aspect is debate able. For men would be a nice gift/ stocking stuffer or something of that sort but too much for what it's worth in my opinion and not blown away by it. Can take it or leave it.
I read an article online about this face moisturizer and how amazing it was, so I decided to try it.  I have fairly dry skin in the winter and from what I read this moisturizer was supposed to be some kind of a miracle.  After using it for nearly a month I can tell you that it certainly is not a miracle, it's not even what I would call &#34;good.&#34;  My skin stays dry after using it in the morning no matter how many applications of it I use.  I've had better luck with cheaper drug store products and have actually been supplementing my skin with those products because Baxter of California isn't doing the job.
In the interest of full disclosure, I had no idea when I ordered this product that the target market was men.  I decided to use the product anyway...after all, it's only skin moisturizer!  Shouldn't it work for women as well?  So I've been using it daily over the next several weeks...and what I will say is that I've had no noticeable change in my skin.  I have used other products in the past which produced impressive results.  This product, not so much.  Maybe men have better luck.DYB
I was in hopes of liking this lotion / moisturizer more.  Unfortunately, it&#8217;s more like applying suntan lotion and does not absorb well.  It&#8217;s unscented, which is fine, but honestly, I would prefer a little smell.  I use it after using the toner.  If you don&#8217;t let the toner try first, then it&#8217;s a mess.  But even after the toner dries, it doesn&#8217;t absorb well. . no matter how long you rub.  I just wait a bit before I leave my condo so you can&#8217;t see all of the white &#8220;streaks&#8221; on my face.
This is a men's product so I made my husband try it out. He liked it enough to continue using it but he didn't feel it was much different than his Cetaphil lotion. It had a slightly thicker consistency and it did not feel sticky or heavy on his face but he wasn't convinced that it was worth the extra money that it would cost to replace his other lotion.He tends toward oily skin.
I never used to use face moisturizer, but figured I would give it a try since I bought several other products from Baxter. I really liked how this moisturizer made my face feel smooth and soft. It did not leave any oily residue either. Good product, like all other Baxter products.-Update- I have used this for over one month and I don't think I even notice a difference. I have actually broken out in a few places on my face and am not sure if it is from this. I will not buy again, too expensive for the lack of results.
I have tried other moisturizing products in the past.  I'm prone to dry skin, especially around my elbows.  Baxter of California seemed like a good thing for me to try, particularly for the face and neck area.The mouisturizer has a rather unpleasant scent.  It goes on feeling a bit greasy despite being oil-free but soaks in quickly enough.  For me, the mousturizing effect doesn't last as long as I'd like.  After a few hours it feels like I haven't used any product.  I've taken to applying the mousturizer before I go to bed, essentially turning it into a night cream.Overall, the moisturizing properties of Baxter of CA are good, but it needs to be re-applied frequently.  I have had more success with Neutrogena men's moisturizing cream, but this isn't too bad.
I got this for myself only to notice the box said &#34;hydrating lotion for men.&#34; This was a problem since my husband would rather turn into a pillar of dirt and blow away than use any sort of moisturizer. I got him to try it once. He wore it for about five minutes before saying it was irritating his sinuses and washing it off. So, if you're sensitive to any products, check the list of ingredients carefully before purchasing this.So I tried it myself. It's thick and creamy but doesn't feel too heavy. It smells a bit pasty like most fragrance free lotions do, but not disturbingly so. But my skin felt soft.For a product that brags about its plant-based hydration, it has a rather long list of ingredients. It includes no less than 5 different parabens.
I use over the counter oil free moisturizer and thought this high end Baxter oil free moisturizer would be far more superior in its effectiveness on my combination skin, but it is not. It's not greasy or bad smelling, but as one that suffers with combination skin and occasional flakiness, it hasn't performed any better than my $5 drugstore moisturizer.
This is a fragrance-free, oil -free moisturizer for normal to oily skin, unfortunately no sunscreen.  It absorbs quickly and leaves a matte finish.Parabens  are used as anti-microbial, anti-fungal preservatives. (companies used to use formaldehyde) I don't have any way of knowing how much parabens are used or how many studies have been done to study if they're harmful or not but I do know they occur naturally in soy, beans, flax, cherries and carrots. Just be aware various parabens are in the lotion if that's the sort of thing that worries you.I really didn't find anything WRONG with the moisturizer  I gave it three stars (OK) because I just didn't find anything that made it that outstanding over comparable products at a better price.
This is a nice moisturizer for lips and doesn't have a super tacky feeling like some many gloss products have.  The product itself is pretty long lasting and my lips felt great for hours.  I am not a big fan of the fragrance as it is a floral scent and too strong for my tastes.  The scent alone will prevent me from not purchasing this product again though I will certainly use up this tube.  If the floral fragrance won't bother you this is an excellent product with a nice light gloss and just a hint of pink color and very moisturizing.
The Jouer Essential Lip Enhancer makes two claims:1.  it is an ultra rich lip moisturizer protects lips from environmentally damaging elements while hydrating and volumizing to provide lasting results; and2.  it naturally increases the fullness of your lips while decreasing fine lines.In my use of this Jouer product, I found that the lip enhancer, with a consistency thicker than a standard lip gloss, does a great job moisturizing my lips and works as a nice base layer for a tinted lip product.  However, as a lip enhancer and/or volumizer, the Jouer product is a bust.  I did not see any difference in my lips other than they kept moisturized for a slightly longer period of time than a standard lip gloss.Lip Moisturizer, yesLip Volumizer/Enhancer, no
I got this as something to soothe dry lips and it works well for that. Whether it actually &#34;plumps&#34; my lips is open to question. I did not notice a difference but since my lips are not thin, this doesn't concern me.What does concern me are the ingredients. Although the listing mentions &#34;botanical ingredients, Vitamin E, Shea Butter and Jojoba Oil,&#34; there is a longer list of ingredients on the label and also on the Jouer Cosmetics website. Here it is: POLYISOBUTENE, OCTYLDODECYL STEAROYL STEARATE, SIMMONDSIA CHINENSIS (JOJOBA) SEED OIL, OZOKERITE, BEESWAX (CERA ALBA), BUTYROSPERMUM PARKII (SHEA BUTTER), RICINUS COMMUNIS (CASTOR) SEED OIL, TOCOPHERYL ACETATE, ETHYLHEXYL METHOXYCINNAMATE, ETHYLHEXYL PALMITATE, TRIBEHENIN, SORBITAN ISOSTEARATE, PALMITOYL OLIGOPEPTIDE, ISOPROPYLPARABEN, ISOBUTYLPARABEN, BUTYLPARABEN, FLAVOR (AROMA). MAY CONTAIN (+/-): TITANIUM DIOXIDE (CI 77891), IRON OXIDES (CI 77491, 77492, 77499), RED 7 LAKE (CI 15850), YELLOW 5 LAKE (CI 19140).I'm not a chemist but fortunately there are experts on the web who explain what these words mean. Here are the ingredients of most concern.ETHYLHEXYL METHOXYCINNAMATE:  Suspected o of reproductive toxicity, Endocrine disruption, Allergies/immunotoxicity, Organ system toxicity.TOCOPHERYL ACETATE: Suspected of Cancer, Ecotoxicology, Allergies/immunotoxicity.There are also concerns about the safety Yellow #5. This product is actually not as toxic as many cosmetics, but personally I would like something I use on my lips to be totally safe. If I felt this product was 100% healthy I would give it more stars. It has a light scent that is pleasant.
My wife was hoping for something that would make her lips seem a little fuller. After using this for several weeks she said sh saw a slight difference but not what she was really hoping for.
As a moisturizer and protector, this stuff does its job. But as with other lip &#34;enhancers,&#34; there is absolutely no change in the volume of my lips. Frankly, I worry about whatever chemicals are present that would be able to do such a thing. This goes on a bit sticky, something I don't like - when my hair blows in the wind, some strands inevitably land and stick to the gloss. I'll go with something simpler next time. Not recommended.
I like Jouer matte moisture tints and was eager to try another jouer product.  For the price, I wasn't impressed.  This feels like vaseline on my lips - thick and sticky.  It isn't tinted and if I'm going to pay that much for a lip balm, it ought to have a tint.  For tinted lip balm, I find the Fresh lip treatments to be more comfortable and even the Maybelline Baby Lips are serviceable (if you can get past the packaging).  For stickier treatments, I like cheap Blistex that comes in a tub. It works wonders for really chapped lips.  For a basic lip balm in a tube, the $6 rose lip balm from Sephora is good.I didn't really notice plumping with the Jouer Essential Lip Enhancer, but of course the package recommends that you apply 3x a day for a full month to notice that benefit.  I just can't be THAT consistent.
No actually color so you can apply this under lipstick and not worry about any color change.  I didn't notice my lips becoming fuller or the fine lines around my lips decreasing.  You can feel the product on your lips and it seems to stay on until you remove it or it wears off.  It doesn't feel as thick as other Jouer lip products so not as noticeable as others.
My lips have always been one of my biggest areas of concern. As I age and my skin looses more moisture, it becomes more important for me to keep them looking and feeling soft.I have spent tons of money trying lots of different products and I am always looking at the ingredients in them.This lip &#34;enhancer&#34; has some very quality ingredients, but does not contain anything that will do anything significantly different than most lip glosses or balms out there.It did make my lips feel soft when applied,and I did notice my lips weren't as dry as before I started using it.The downside is it's  a bit on the thick side and after a while, I felt more like I had Vaseline on my lips. I don't really care for heavier glosses and treatments .As for the &#34;enhancement&#34; part, after the recommended time of use (29 days), I still do not see any difference in fullness and I am not surprised- the only true way to achieve fuller lips is with injectable fillers such as Juvederm or Restalyne.So my opinion is for soft lips, save your money and go with a natural ingredient lip balm and for fullness or plumping, save up your money for injections from a physician. This is ok, but not great.
This isn't terrible, not by any means. But, it hasn't been an essential go to in my lip balm arsenal. One of the main reasons why is that it's not as decadent as the price point would indicate. For one, the smell is very off putting, it's hard to pinpoint what the scent is exactly, almost chemical but not quite. Whatever the smell is, it's not pretty, and weirdly doesn't dissipate.The texture is nice, it gives a smooth gloss feel that doesn't run, and stays for a long time. Plus, I also enjoy the easy to use squeeze tube with slant tip applicator. But, after weeks of continued use, trying to ignore the scent, I simply don't notice the promised plumping.All in all it's okay, I'm happy to finish it up, but I don't think I would repurchase.
I was concerned when the label said be sure and not take internally. This stuff went on my lips and I&#34;m sure some of it gets in my mouth but it is pretty sticky and stays on.  I don't like the sticky feeling.  I like to wear a bit of lip color but when using this I end up not putting any lip coloring on because I'm waiting for it to soak in.  I appreciate that it's in a squeeze tube and I can get out just the desired amount.  I prefer something more natural that smells yummy and makes my lips irresistible.
I really wasn't a fan of this product. It felt too greasy on my lips and made them way to shiny for my likes. I prefer plain old chapstick to this product.
It runs and leaves black smudges under my eyes.
The product itself I have no problems about except the fact when I ordered said 11.1 oz bar and I ordered two bars and recieved two 6 oz bars.
Is a nice soap to try but I would not buy again, because I'm a soap maker and I can make better than this. For the price you can also make at home an anti cellulite and increase circulation by just mixing some coffee and olive oil and rubbing in when taking a shower.
Size is an issue if you are male.  hard to say if they are working since they don't actual fit.
I don't really have rough toes. just rough heals. So these cover the whole foot and frankly are just more than you need. And they are hotter than hades. I would just get those one from footsmart that just cover the heels.but they are high quality.
feels very weird. Its like a slimy bag on your foot. Use it before you go to bed at night (so you dont have to walk in them) I have EXTREMELY cracked feet in the summer due to wearing flip flops 24/7 and nothing beats a pedicure and a foot scraping (gross, I know) but these really do provide good relief. I've had these for over a year and they still work just as well as they day I opened them. However, its expensive and I dont use them that often (if my feet get that bad, I go get a scrub) and I wouldn't buy another pair if these wore out or got lost. But buy em once and see for yourself...!
These socks do help my extremely dry feet.  However, since my feet are so dry, I still have to use lotions and other things to keep them soft.
The bar is way too big but the soap is amazing.  This super minty soap will leave you feeling clean and refreshed.  Great morning eye-opener!
For the price get l'Occtaine 20% shea butter hand cream.  It soaks in better is not greasy.
Not sure what the excitement is about this SMALL bottle.1. It's a small bottle, 2. It's silky soft when it goes on which is nice, but it does wear off.  3.Not a long lasting smoothing, hydrating lotion.I wonder if one does exist?????
This hand cream is great in that it immediately softens hands and doesn't leave any oily, greasy residue behind. The problem for me is the smell. Although the scent is faint, it's quite unpleasant, and it will prevent me from purchasing this otherwise perfect hand cream in the future.
My wife has used the newer version of this and found the newer version has ahigher concentration of active ingredients.
I am rather torn over how to rate this item. It seems to work very well for my husband, who has fairly deep lines at the corner of his eyes. You do have to be absolutely faithful about applying the product. It must be applied every day to see any results, and the company is very forthright about this. I did see a softening and lessening of his lines in the advertised month of use. It leaves a sheen, and if you use too much it reflects a bit pink, which can embarrass a male user!For me, however- this product is not useable. I have to use an acne medicine to keep my greasier skin in check, and apparently mixing any sorts of cream near the Strivectin will cause an adverse reaction. The skin around my eyes became red and itchy and it resembled crinkled tissue paper. I was extremely alarmed by this, as my eyes only had very fine wrinkles at the corners, and I was simply looking to abate any further deepening. I do not have the option to quit treating my break-outs, so the eye cream was discontinued.My recommendation is to try the cream on a completely clean face and see what happens for you over the course of a few days. If you do not have any reaction, continue for a month and I am sure you will see the promised lessening of lines. It's worth the money to try this, since one eye cream bottle is really only twice the money of one Oil of Olay eye cream, which merely moisturizes your skin, but does not get rid of the lines!
StriVectin is way overpriced if you buy it from major retailers.  It just works as any average eye cream, which will keep your skin moisture but does very little to existing whrikles.
I've been using Strivectin products for a few years now and am very satisfied with the results...however I recently proved a hunch that it's wrecking my eyelashes! They were falling out and grew back not as thick and long...I stopped using the eyecream and kept the face cream away from my eyes and switched eye products....now my lashes are coming back in healthier and not falling out ...can anybody recommend a good eyelash product? :-)
This eyecream is no better than the one I'd been using.  A Loreal product that I paid $20 for.  I was expecting something a little better for 3X the price.
It may not be fair to rate this product just yet, but I have used it for a few weeks and I'm a little disappointed in the results so far.  I used the StriVecten Tightening Face Serum and I was impressed with some quick results, so I expected as much or better from the Eye Cream.  If it's going to work at all, then it may just take a little longer to produce a noticeable appearance.  I have a nervous habit of squeezing my eyes and the squint lines are starting to show, so this product will be challenged to perform as it claims and I'm going to hang in there a little longer!
I think this product is overpriced and will only help some people but if it does help you significantly, it may be worth the cost. A good friend and I both started using this around the same time. We both noticed an undeniable difference in the fine lines on/around our eyes/eyelids. The areas above my eyelids were lifted from use of this product and this made my eyes look years younger.For some reason, this effect was temporary for me. The wrinkles and sagging seemed to creep back for me and my friend. I can't explain why. I stopped using it for a few months figuring it was a waste of money to keep using it if it wasn't helping. When I went back to using it, I saw improvement, again. I can't explain why it would stop working and then work again, but this is what happened with me. If anyone can explain this, please add a comment to my review.Given their competition, I think it would be a smart marketing move for the company to lower the price.
The only noticeable change is that the 2 lines between my brows are almost non-existent, so it does work somewhat... where it wants to, I guess.  I have been using this product for two years.  I am now 40.
I have only been using this prodcut for a few weeks, so I have not ntoiced any significant difference in my eye lines.  But my skin is softer.  My hope is through continued use it will keep new damage at bay!
I got this cream for wrinkles under my eyes. I used it for several months and did not notice any change. I began using Olay Regenerist which does a much better job for a lot less money.
not for me, try it, it might works for you.i have difficult skin, so i can not blame this product.
I bought two pairs of these gloves, for my sons and me.  They are gel-like puffy which should keep any hand cream on through the night, but they were very pricey and not worth the $50 I paid for the two.  If they go down in price, you could consider them, but I'd pass otherwise.
The photo for this foundation is incorrect if you haven't already guessed. THe formula itself is very light and would be better for summer and oilier skin. It highlighted my several dry patches even with a good moisturizer. Saving for when the heat arrives. Also Biscotto is a bit on the pinky side.
First of all, let's deal with the negative. Yes, monitors vary and it's hard to determine color from the "sample" swatch that the manufacturer provides, but here's the thing: the lipstick I bought is called "Cognac" -- not "Island Orange" or "Vivid Tangerine," or such like.  So I thought I was getting a deeper shade, with some brownish tones.  When I opened the tube, I was so pleased to see the color I thought I was buying.  However, when I applied it on my bare lips, it went on as a much brighter orange than the tawny/coppery color in the tube. The difference is so extreme on me that I don't think I"ll be able to use this product at all. That is a disappointing two star problem -- at best. I am reminded of that curiosity from the drug store of my teen years -- the "magic lipstick" that would change color to suit your "perfect" shade. This Borghese one, at considerably more cost, doesn't do me any favors by turning orange, either. Still, the way the lipstick glides on,, and the way it feels when on the lips, is rich and luxurious -- five stars for that.  The basic product is a good one. However, I would suggest trying out these colors at a department store, if possible, before purchasing, to make sure you will be happy with the way the color looks on your lips.  And finally, I really wish companies (clothing and cosmetic companies, especially,) would make an effort to name their colors appropriately. What color, pray tell, does "Malibu" indicate? And "Cognac" isn't a tropical orange.  How tough can this be? Combined score would be a 3 1/2.
Have have several top name primers and Borghese is nothing great. Their line is hit and miss. Their skin care is usually very good.
For $16 it could have included a few tips, such stroke your face in a circular motion and/or don't press too heavily.
This is a good brush, but breaks easily. I dropped this in the bathtub, and the head broke.... But I can't live with only wash my face with my hands anymore after I have known what it feels like to wash my face with a brush, so I spent $150 bought a Clarisonic Mia 2. I suggest u try this brush first, then buy the Clarisonic Mia 2 after this brush broke. Haha.
not worth the price at all, the head peace snapped off while i was using it one morning quite funny actually
I read the reviews and thought &#34;those people have big hands&#34; but I am no OJ Simpson and these barely fit down to my wrist (Caucasian, 6'1&#34;, narrow frame).  Rating average because the size is in no way &#34;Men's&#34;, but the quality appears good.  Looks like sturdy fabric, neutral and masculine color, nice wrist closure.  Too bad I will probably not use them (my fingers are longer than the glove fingers).  Also would be nice to have loops in the wrist like some so i could hang them to dry.Interestingly i replaced a pair of &#34;one size fits all&#34; from a chain store that were larger.  Unfortunately those wore out and anyway were a bit bright and crazy for me.
This items was smaller than I had hoped for-quality seams to be good though, could make it a bit larger
I received this at no cost in exchange for writing a review. Here are my comments.1. This is made in China (there's a label on the inside that says so) though it seems reasonably well put together. But it's small: 8 5/8  x 5 x 4 1/2 inches. When folded for storage it is only 1 inch thick. The bag is too small for me to put in my electric toothbrush or electric flosser without taking them apart.2. There is a pocket on the outside, though it has no zipper. The inside compartment is just one big space.3. This doesn't come with any kind of travel items (like shampoo bottles) as some other travel cases do.4. For about the same money you can buy a larger travel case that comes with travel items (I have one by Toilettree).Bottom line: Better travel cases out there at this price point.
This kit is a bit difficult to rate because there are a few factors you may wish to take into consideration in addition to the contents of the kit, but let me start with reviews on the 3 products.Shampoo: Fairly nice shampoo but not incredibly special. If you want something simple this could be for you. If you already have a salon quality shampoo however I don't believe you'll gain anything from the transition. Does have a nice smell.Body Wash: Best part of the kit in my opinion, but I'd still only give it about 4 stars. Its not something I find essential over something more basic like AXE. Is it better? Yes it is, but I'm not sure if its so much better that I'd want to spend the extra money. If you do enjoy the higher quality body washes I wouldn't be averse to trying it but you may want to consider picking it up individually.Gloves: Worst part of the kit in my opinion. Its not that they couldn't work, its just that they're annoying to put on daily, difficult to hang up like you would with one of the cleaners that comes attached to a string for the shower, and if you do try to leave them on the floor they will get nasty fast. This is one of the few parts of the line where I'd prefer the simpler cheaper solution.Overall: I'd stick to the body wash, but if you want the whole kit nothing is bad enough that I'd expect you to walk away too disappointed.Considerations: You may not think about this when you're looking at the kit, but not included in this price are a body lotion and hair conditioner. Personally while I found the shampoo nice, I'll always be using a conditioner so that's one more thing to add to the price. Similarly the body lotion offered by Menscience is actually fairly good but not included in the kit. I didn't try to take any stars away from the kit because of this but do keep in mind that this kit may not include half of the items you use for your body/hair on a regular day.
I wanted to love this.  I want to love it since it cost so much and for the brand name.  The truth is, I end up using more lotion on my face than I have with other brands.  I don't feel oily with it, but you can tell it's there.  For my skin type (dry) it does fine for moisturizing and the smell is not noticeable.  It dees have broad spectrum SPF 20, which is good. Nothing wrong with the product, but probably going to look at the Kyoku brand or someone else.  For $27 I want to love my facial moisturizer, and this is not love.  Not even lust. Not even puppy love.  More like a mild interest if there were no other options on a deserted island.  Get the picture?
I'm asian and have normal to slightly oily skin.  This product made my face very dry, even after I applied double layers.  I didn't mind the smell though it isn't the best smelling moisturizer out there.  I really wanted to like the product since it's relatively cheap and combines SPF protection.  I went back to my LAB SPF lotion which was fine, but pricier.
Hello,So, I decided to purchase this product after reading the reviews.  I'm generally pretty skeptical about some products when the reviews are generally too glowing, but I figured that I'd try this.  I could always give my own objective negative review if it hasn't met the hype.  I'm posting a 3* review to keep things real. Will upgrade if I notice that it starts to match the hype of other reviews.  So far, no problems. I don't notice the smell that some have mentioned. I don't find it greasy.  It applies and absorbs well.  No complaints at all.  I generally apply at night. I've noticed softer/smoother skin.  Haven't noticed any improvement in terms of erasing/minimizing creases in my forehead or other areas.  Just started using about a week ago though, around 4/15/12.  I will update this review in time.
I get really dry skin in the winter and I found my skin still feeling dry and tight after applying this.  It works pretty well in the non-winter seasons, though.
Would have given it 5 stars but apparently it has ingredients that are comedogenic and irritating to the skin. I have whiteheads which I've been trying to treat for a while now and I'm not sure if this product is helping or making matters worse. I may be wrong and this product might actually be good for my skin but there are articles across the internet that do not approve of the ingredients in this product.
I like to try Jack Black products due to their usual high quality and natural ingredients. However I feel like I need to use a decent more amount if this moisturizer then I do with other products. This is my only complaint but given the price of this it is a pretty big one. Now if this lasts longer than I think it will i shall come back and give it 5 stars because it is a great product otherwise
While the product seems okay its way overpriced for the quantity.  I mis-read this and thought it was 20 ounces not 1.5oz.
Although I'll use the rest of the bottle, I probably won't buy this again. It goes on nice and light, but during the day when I sweat I get a greasy feel on my face.  It takes about six pumps for enough lotion for my face, ears, and neck. Probably better for winter use than summer.
As an asian with oily skin and having some acne problems, I thought this might be a good sun-screen/moisturizer to use.It is a good moisturizer and sun block. My only gripes with this is that it basically has the same ingredients as other moisturizers but it feels worse than them. What I mean by worse is that it's almost like liquid. So when I massage it in, it's like I'm massaging a thin oily substance. I prefer moisturizers that seem heavier.So this wasn't the moisturizer for me but it might be for you.
First, I was a little surprised by the size of the bottle. It's very small container, but very easy to dispense. Jack Black produce quality products so I bought this feel confident. I would say this is an above average moisturizer. When you apply the product to your face, it leaves a white residue that takes about 30-45 seconds of massaging into your skin prior to disappearing. Very similiar when you apply sun screen/block. After using for about ten days, both morning and night my skin feels &#34;okay.&#34; Overall rating for this product: just okay
This came off rather quickly. I was hoping it would stay on for a while but came off within a couple of hours.
This seems like a great eye liner, but I thought this was going to be similar to the smudge sticks, which I've used for years and swear by. I think this eye liner requires a sharpener. I'll adjust my review once I get one and try it. At first, the eye liner was great but I ran out after a week. It's very soft and smoky and glides on very easily. You don't have to press hard. It's great- like I said, I thought this was just another version of smudge sticks. If you want a smudge stick- don't buy this. This is however, a very very nice eye liner. And I'm sure once I experiment with a sharpener I'll enjoy it more.
I ordered this eyeliner after hearing Kim Kardashian rave about it on a make-up video for creating her "smoky eye look".  After anxiously awaiting for my order to arrive, I couldn't wait to try it out! Initially, I was really impressed with how easily it glided on & the darkness of the liner. However, it started to bleed shortly after I applied it, so I quickly smudged it with an applicator sponge. The overall effect was nice, but it did not last as long as I had hoped/expected for an eyeliner that cost almost twenty bucks!!  Unfortunately, my attempt to look like an Armenian sex goddess was not as successful as I had hoped for! I guess I'll go back to being the Asian sensation with my tried & true Almay liner from Target!
The. Overall color is good but the liner smudgdes on too much....i got mine a few weeks a go and its almost finished. Plus everytime i sharpenit, the pencil tends to come out!!! No bein
This color is pretty and it's fairly light. I use a Stila tinted moisturizer before this and usually a little bit of Stila bronzer on top of this though, otherwise I wouldn't have any color.I feel like this may be causing some blackheads (not a lot) because I was fine before with just the moisturizer, but I felt I needed this for a little more even powder coverage.My biggest issue is, it's basically already gone and I've only had it for a month and a half! I'd say I use it once a day - every other day on average. I hate the applicator pad because it seems unsanitary, but even with a blush brush, I hit the bottom of the powder really fast! And then after that of course as all pressed powders do, falls apart and you end up using more even faster.I love Stila, but for what I'm getting for how much their products cost, I may try something else for a pressed powder.
It works well for covering up dark spots and it's great under your makeup.Yes, I would purchase this product again.
this is a good concealer! I don't like the texture though, it's really thick and heavy! you have to really blend it if you don't want to look like you put a mask on, but it has great coverage!I blend it with 224 MAC brush and it goes well!Also if someone finds this helpful, I bought the D shade because the others looked really light, but I could have bought a C perfectly!I'm a MAC NC30
I tried Shade B of this concealer, and it was OK. The color match was good.  It neutralizes under eye shading well.  I wasn't crazy about how it set once dry.  On application it didn't seem to settle into creases or cake, but as it dried, it did.  It became almost dusty where it blended into my skin.  I didn't like how that felt, and it didn't fade into my foundation well.  It's worth a try, though, especially if you are concerned about blue tints under the eye.  It's really hard to find a concealer that can actually neutralize that.  If you aren't concerned about under eye shading, this product may be great.In the end, Lancome's Maquicomplet Complete Coverage Concealer blended better for me without settling in creases, though it's also more expensive.
Ordered it twice, so I do like this lotion. However I have two gripes. One, it is pretty expensive. Second, it doesn't last for the entire day. It feels great while applying in the morning, however, by evening, my skin becomes dry again, and I have to reapply.
I love Jack Black products, but I can't bring myself to give this more than 3 stars.  While it is a light lotion, with a great scent, I don't find that it moisturizes all that well.  I get very dry in the winter time, and I'm finding that about 20 minutes after I apply this, I'm just as dry as I was before application.  I really hoped this worked better, and I wanted to also use it on my face as well as my body.  On the positive, it is a light based lotion, which I like because it doesn't make me feel hot like a lot of lotions do ,add in the the cooling feature, and it feels great when you put it on.  Just wish the moisturizing properties lasted a lot longer.
Product is nice - fragrance is very appealing......however having the bottle arrive in a plastic bag coated in product doesn't seem like I got my monies worth.  Don't believe I will purchase the product again through Amazon - too expensive to waste softening the packaging material.
I've been using Jack Black products for awhile now. They're all very high quality and do the job well, and this is no exception. However, generally their products have a very neutral scent, but I found this one to be a bit too floral for my liking. Even my wife commented that I smelled like I had gotten into her body lotion. For the market they're targeting, they really could have chosen a better scent. If you don't care about smelling like a flower this lotion is great, otherwise I'd recommend Anthony's Hand and Body lotion over this.Anthony Logistics for Men Glycerin Hand and Body Lotion, 12 Ounce
I love the Jack Black Epic Moisture lotion, and since this is more economical I thought I'd give it a try.  The product description says &#34;clean, natural fragrance leaves skin smelling subtly clean&#34;, and most (but not all) commenters said it was a mild scent.  I found it to be quite intense.  I recognize that many, many other reviewers have said otherwise, but I can't argue with my own nose. If you're the sort of person that only uses one spritz of a light cologne, because anything more would be too intense, then this lotion might be too fragrant for you.  At the risk of sounding over the top, I actually had to use mechanic's hand cleaner to get the scent off of my hands after I used this lotion the first time. It was driving me crazy, and regular hand soap did nothing. It smelled (to me) like I'd dunked my hands in cologne.But that's my nose.  Otherwise it has a nice consistency, and isn't greasy.  Only three stars because I found the description of its scent as a &#34;clean, natural fragrance&#34; to be misleading. To my nose, it would be more accurate to say that the lotion has a &#34;distinct, masculine scent&#34;.I've returned it, and am going back to the more expensive Epic Moisture lotion, which has only the faintest scent, and does not smell of cologne.
Extravagant considering the small size. No way it will last more than 60 days even using quarter-sized portions. Scent is just barely detectable. Caveman maybe, but Purell sanitizing gel (pref aloe) works just fine.
I don't think this product works, at least not for me. It doesn't feel refreshing, or the redness does not go away. It also doesn't feel natural, but that is expected (it is a gel).
Leaves my skin with a &#34;sticky&#34; residue/feel.  I wear a dress shirt and tie everyday so that &#34;stickiness&#34; feeling is a little uncomfortable.  I've resorted to use far less (smaller than a pea size) and it seems to be sufficient to avoid the sticky feeling but still soothe the skin.
First of all, at $20 this product is too expensive for daily use. For a little more than $20 I could have bought 4 bottles of Nivea, which makes more sense for daily use. I figured I would try it though, as it got many good reviews. It does have some good ingredients and doesn't have an offensive odor at all. However, as several others have noted, there is a tacky, sticky quality to this product even after it dries. You can feel the tackiness of it on your skin hours later. It's not wet, but it does feel oddly sticky to the touch and doesn't leave my face feeling as smooth as other products. I'll use the bottle I have, but I won't buy it again. It just isn't for me. YMMV
it is not dangerous, but so far it hasn't done anything for me but smells good on my face....I don't know what can I can use it different that apply on my face.???
nice oil....simple to use...nice smell .....does not linger...would recommend this product....heard about it on the Internet...I am pleased with it
I was surprised when I received this as the bottle was smaller than I expected.  It smells nice, but not enough to fall in love with it.  And I will use it, but at this price it's not worth a repurchase for me.  When I splurge (this is a splurge for me), I want to really be impressed.  Makes me question all these &#34;best of&#34;  lists.
Eh... found this cheaper on Amazon than in Europe. Not sure what all the hype is. Hard to jigger out of the bottle. Will just stick with coconut oil.
The best thing about this product is the gorgeous smell - it's really soft and sophisticated. I feel very pampered whenever I use it. The moisturizing properties of the oil itself aren't amazing, but it's light enough feel comfortable on the skin and it gives a nice sheen to your legs for the summer time. I would repurchase this as a treat for myself but I would get the spray version next time. The plastic top with small hole in it is kind of awkward for application - you kind of have to shake it out into your hand and it's a little runny and messy.
Although this is a nice oil with a very nice smell, baby oil does the same exact thing and cost a lotttt less than this product.
I've used several beauty oils; Tarte, Nude Skincare, Bobbi Brown, Nars...and this oil didn't impress me BUT, it didn't break me out, doesn't smell bad and it lasts quite a while....I don't know yet, may need to try again to really decide.
This would be a fantastic oil for your face if it wasn't so heavily scented (or if it was fragrance free). I used it on my body and enjoyed very soft, supple skin. I also used just a few drops on my hair ends to help manage fly-aways and prevent split ends. The fragrance itself isn't bad, it's just a bit too heavy for my taste.I put a little bit on my face, in a test area. It caused my facial skin to react and turn red. Too bad, as I was hoping for an all-in-one product I could use after my shower and travel with.It is a nice oil, but if you do suffer from sensitive skin, keep in mind that the fragrance might cause a reaction.
I have used loreal eye cream before but it's a little thick and burn if it's near the eye. I then switch to Clinique All About Eye, which goes on velvety and moisturizes, but is too greasy for me except in dead of winter. I'm combo skin, 20s, in New England.I then tried this. It have a gel/cream consistency that glides on very easy, and sinks into the skin pretty fast so you can feel it moisturizes. If you rub your eye cream in (*gasp*) instead of dabbing like me, the eye cream can get a bit warm and uncomfortable right as it dries. Yes it moisturizes and helps dehydration lines. I don't have dark circles but do have puffy eye bags and wrinkle/crease under my eye bad, and there were no change/improvement when I switched from All About Eyes to Icelandic Relief. It's a nice hydrating eye cream for combo/oily skin, but not effective as antiaging measures or for puffy eye bags.
Not sure if this is one of those creams where 'a little goes a long way'. It is very light, which is nice but it is unclear if it's helping my eyes at all.
I've been using this eye cream for about the last year, mostly because I already have it and it's easier to use this one until it runs out.  When it does, I'll probably buy something different.  I think it's a good product and it feels good to apply it.  Skyn Iceland products have a bit of a fresh zing to them and it's very nice.  As to whether it works or not... it certainly does moisturize the eye area.  I tend to apply it under my eyes as well as from my eyelids to eyebrows.  It keeps that area smooth and looking hydrated.  However, I'm pretty sure it doesn't do a thing for my dark circles... which aren't too bad but less visible would be nice.  I also have fairly young skin and no wrinkles yet but if your skincare needs center around that, there are far better products out there, like DDF or Fresh eye creams.  Good eye creams tend to be very expensive so I've somewhat avoided them just because it isn't an immediate concern for me... but I know it will be in the future so I try to do what I can now.  This cream is a good moisturizer but I'll be trying something new when it runs out.
I'm still on the fence if this does anything !My skin use to be oily, but now I noticed it was getting dry as I'm getting older, which this should have made my face dryer with Salicylic acid in it.That said, it made it more oily, much to my surprise, although I like that it did..I have used it for about two weeks.The information that came with this does not say if you should use moisturizer over it, and there is not much info at all to speak of !Although it say's to use more of there product.After using it for a few times, I started using my moisturizing cream, over pores no more. I just noticemy face feels smoother.I did have a white head under my skin by my nose. I was amazed that it came to the surface and is now gone!I was ready to make an appointment with my Dermatologist, now I do not have too.I still cannot say if this is helping my pores! For the money I think I should notice something more happening to my pores after two weeks.!This jar should last quite awhile. You do not have to use much..I finally found the ingredients on the bottom of the box!The good ingred. that are mentioned, are at the end..There are Ingred. I have never heard of, but I'm sure there all chemicals!Salicylic acid is the second to last ingred, although it is mentioned on the box.If I notice my pores are getting smaller, I will update this review.
Me and my son both used this cream. He has extremely oily skin with white heads and black heads and my skin is very oily in the T-zone area, so I was looking forward to trying it too.We both used the cream for almost two weeks and while I couldn't really see a big difference on my face my son's cleared up in some area's but in others he was really irritated.  He was not using anything else on his face, but this cream, so it had to be the cause.  Since the irritation we have stopped using.  All other reviews are mostly fantastic so I think if you don't have acne just oiliness it should do the trick.Dr. Brandt has an excellent reputation so it is probably worth a try.
I've been using this product twice a day for almost a month now and I have noticed a difference in pore size. I dpn't have huge pores to begin with, but the area on my nose and chin is sometimes a problem. The other night I looked into a magnified lighted mirror and was very pleasantly surprised by the difference. The skin was tighter and the pores much smaller and not clogged at all. I have also been exfoliating more faithfully this month so I'm sure that helped too.The only complaint i have about this product and its a big one, is the smell. It is awful... Really awful, almost indescribable. It smells like something that shouldn't be anywhere near a persons face. I have to hold my breath when i put it on. Luckily the odor dissipates quickly but because of this, there is no way I can stick with this product for much longer.
Cream works fairly well.  Doesn't clear out all the pores but definitely gives my T-zone a smaller and cleaner pore look.  Kind of exacerbates the oily skin though.  I have to blot the areas with cream during the day.  Pleasant eucalyptus scent.
Overall, this is a thick cream that smells strongy of tea tree oil, has a non-greasy finish, but it doesn't seem to do much for my pore size.  I use it nightly, and every other day I use a salicylic acid scrub.  I can't say my pores seem any different since adding in this cream 3 weeks ago, but it has a nice finish and seems to keep my skin moisturized without causing acne, so I'll keep using it until it's gone  At $45 a jar, I don't think I'll purchase more, but that may change when I look for an alternative when it's gone.  In the past, I used whatever I came across, if anything, as my skin is naturally fairly oily in the T zone.
Good for oily skin, does help with pore size in the long run.  Thick, creamy cream and very luxurious container.  The only thing is that the smell is a bit annoying.  At first it was kind of nice.  It has a citrus tinge to the smell, but there is that chemical odor too in there.  It didn't bother me too much at first, but when I got pregnant, I had to stop using it.  It helps if I just don't apply it around my nose, but I worry about what my nose is telling me.  I had issues with the smell of other products by this company and I would be wary to try any other products by them because of the strong chemical smell of their products.
Not a fan of powder and whatever flowers are in here...not for my chemistry anyhow.  I dont get "light" as others stated, I get heady.  I like Poison, Coco Mademoiselle, and Billionaire Boyfriend for my strong scents and Amazing Grace, Jennifer Aniston for light scent.  But the bottle is a collector item...beautiful on dressor.
I really love this perfume but the staying power is horrible. Literally does not last even half an hour. I don't know if its my body chemistry, or if the bottle is watered down, but honestly I can't wear it as often as I wan't to because the staying power is not good. The bottle is gorgeous though.
I'm not sure if this is watered down&#8230;.I can't smell it even 2 minutes after spraying it on.  I gave it 3 stars because It smells great&#8230;it just doesn't last more than a few minutes and seems like it could be a fake perfume.
It arrived and one of the shadows was a little broken in one corner. I was going out of town and couldn't wait to send it back. I love this eye shadow however. I love the color too!
I got this when I was first getting into bronzer and blush, and while the product is nice, the packing is just too bulky to travel or be comfortable. The little brush in the packing is useless, and then you have a whole compartment under the blush and bronzer pan being wasted. The colors are actually pretty, but not anything I don't already have. It's a pretty peachy/pink bronzer that we're finding everywhere from makeup companies lately, and the bronzer is just your normal matte bronzer. However it's not *quite* as pigmented as I'd like it, and it doesn't seem to build well. The clasp also broke a few days into receiving this. All in all, I love Lorac products, but don't think this one made the cut. I reach for my Jouer bronzers over this one every time.
Well, I think I over estimated what this product was capable of. I didn't do much for my skin except to make it feel very dry and tight. I ended up having to use a moisturizer on top of it which was way more than my face could handle, causing break outs.I thought this would balance out my skin - since some areas are a bit shiny while others are dry. I wish I could say it did that for me, but it didn't.I wanted to love this product, the bottle is pretty and the cream smells fabulous and Borghese is a well known brand.I do think this would work well for others. My skin is sensitive, I have chemical allergies, and if I apply too many skin care products my face will break out.
The seller gets 5 stars.  I love the way this feels, but I have developed a rash that I can only account to this.  Please note that I have numerous allergies, dry skin, and I get fever blisters on my face.  If you are sensitive to soaps, facial masks, shampoos, laundry detergents, sun screens, lotions, etc then use these products with caution.  After using this twice daily for two weeks I haven't noticed much difference except for acne and an itchy face.
It sort of has a sticky feel to it. Also, the color chart seems way off to me. I look like &#34;Powder&#34; and I am fair complected to begin with.
I am using it since I paid for it.this is kind of a thick sticky ,foundation.after it is on for a while it gets better.i. Don't know if I would order again.
the Immortelle cream is good for dry skin and works well as an hydrating mask. But leave it longer than 20 minutes on my face leaves my oily combination skin break out. Smells good. after using it for a year as hydrating mask I don't see why ppl are raving about this product. For the price tag, there're better out there. Will not buy again.
I have used L'Occitane products for years. There is some intangible that makes me care less for this. The scent is just too much, a bit off and there is no control of the mist delivered.  Thus I get overwhelmed with the scent and hardly use it.
Perfume nozzle has broken, and the perfume totally leave out, I'm disappointed.
light foam is ok, but seriously lacking in scent, not pleased! no more orders from this customer
I bought this for my dad and he thinks it is better than others . However he expected more from the describtion written with it
I felt this should have out did the Degrees, Old Spices and Speedsticks but function just the same in my opinion but to each his own... try to find out.
Since I just got this, I cannot yet say if it works thus the three stars. However the list of ingredients on the box is missing an ingredient mentioned online here and on the MenScience site: the somewhat controversial Triclosan. I called them and they said it was removed just three months ago and they haven't updated their website yet. The rep couldn't tell why they removed it, or if it still works, but he stated the other ingredients were more important. I'd say that is possibly true, but at this point, none of the previous reviews are really valid.
It has a nice, mild smell, but it definitely is not fragrance free.  The packaging on the deodorant even says fragrance free.  They lied.  I have also noticed, which others do not have, a rash.  I also tried Anthony Logistics-2.6 oz and it too is not fragrance free.  The only alcohol free and fragrance free deodorant which I have ever found that does work is Trader Joe's deodorant (the one in the blue and white package) (and if Amazon sold it I would buy it from them).
I bought this deodorant two months ago after searching for a natural deodorant to replace the stuff i got from Big Stores. I was tired of the caked on feeling that the Degree/Old Spice/ect. deodorant-antiperspirants gave me. After reading the reviews i figured that the MenScience Advanced Deodorant would be worth the rather expensive price ($17). However, after regular use i found that the reviews were too good to be true. In any situation where i had to do the slightest degree of work i could literally feel myself sweat. I work retail at a busy clothing store and am constantly moving around, but i had no idea that the MenScience Advanced deodorant wouldn't be able to do the job. i'm not a heavy sweater, so i dont know how good MenScience does on preventing wet armpits, but as for odor blocking i can say that it only does a marginal job and in turn is a deal breaker. On the other hand, if i'm not doing any type of work this stuff works like a charm and leaves me feeling clean. But to be honest i'm a little disappointed and i'm currently looking for a replacement.
Clear and smooth but it needs more astringent. I would recommend this and all other Jack Black skin products. Okay.
This is a good cleanser but did not work for me.  It dried my skin too much.  I still like the jack black face buff better.
It fell below what I expected. It is an okay product and probably would be better suited in the summer. It leaves my skin slightly drier than I expected and feels like I need to put on lotion afterwards.
Its a nice face wash, but not worth the price. On the high end of face washes but I don't think the quality matches the price
Cleanses well enough, but my face is left really dry. Full disclosure, I do have naturally dry skin. I guess it's the toner that's the culprit.
For the product itself, I will give it 5 stars. I really like it because all the facial wash that i have tried before always left my face dry but this product doesn't and for some reason I also noticed that I didn't break out as much as I used to. But the reason for the 3 star rating is that the 16fl oz that came, the nozzle was broken and the product was leaked a lot inside. I wanted to upload the picture i took right after opening the box but i don't know how to. I could not contact the seller either. I will be ordering this product again but not in this size.
This is okay but overpriced.  No better than Nivea I have used. Wouldn't necessarily buy it again.  Overpriced  it seams.
I like this facial cleanser.  It has an agreeable scent and a decent lather.  It's not a scrub though so it doesn't have any &#34;beads&#34; or &#34;grit&#34; to it, which would provide better exfoliation etc.  Overall I like it but may go back to a scrub type product instead.
I loved the pencil when I first used it but as you sharpen it, the point keeps breaking off and it becomes quite frustrating. I wish it could be made into an automatic pencil.
Pencil was waxy and did not go on smooth. It didn't last the day I was so disappointed I went out and purchased another eyebrow pencil that did work and was less money from the mall.
Upon using the Jack Black Oil-Control Lotion, I was initially impressed. It goes on very smooth, and left no white powdery residue that some other reviewers mentioned (I suspect they were applying way too much). My skin was left soft and dry. However, I found that the oil-control portion wore out relatively quickly for being touted as "all-day." I'd say, it lasted TOPS 4-5 hours. That's being generous. If this product weren't so expensive, I wouldn't mind. But for the price they're asking, especially for a 3.3oz bottle, I was disappointed. Not sure if I'd buy again.
The lotion does not fully absorb into the skin. There for leaving white residue on the skin. Also skin feels dry. Not good 4 blk men or men with breads.
I am not really using the bottle that I bought. Really only intended for emergencies... but I think that usually, if I have time to take care of my face, I don't need it.
It works pretty good. However, the next day it burns and leaves redness to the areas where it was applied.
Good lotion. Didn't ruin my complexion like some face lotions. But &#34;All Day Oil-Control&#34; is pushing it. But my face gets super oily so maybe I am just to much for it.
I've been on the search for the best product for my combination/oily skin that is made specifically for men.  The product in theory should work well.  However, I use it after I wash my face twice a day.  Washing first takes the oil off the skin.  This product then over-dries the skin.  Within an few hours, the oil comes back.  Many reviews complain of a white residue which you will not have if you simply rub in the skin.  I have had far worse products but I've also had better.  The best so far is Dermalogica Active Moist.  I am still on the search however for one that works even better....
It's an exaggeration to say that this product controls oiliness the whole day....4 hours tops , maybe!But, it still is a whole lot better than most other products out there.
This product is chalky, watery, and has little grains in it. I suppose it keeps my face looking matte for a few hours, but it's very drying, and the grains are a little irritating on my sensitive skin as I rub it in. I expected more out of this product, but I'll finish using the rest of it. It's not that bad. I actually hated it at first, and thought it was defective, but it grew a bit on me. Make sure you rub it in well or it might look chalky.
I pride myself on my nails being healthy despite all the polishes I wear.  So I haven't seen where this is the greatest thing on the face of the planet yet.
It burns when you put it on and it has parabens in it so that's why it gets three stars.Good points its not oily like it says and it does tighten the skin and moisturizes to a point for what it worth it does its job...
Goes on easily, is not oily, and has no scent. What more could one ask for? Would not buy it again though. You can find an equal product for less money over the counter at your local drug store.
I'm skeptical of the claims that this will smooth and reduce wrinkles and after a full bottle, have yet to notice any significant difference. In general, it's a fine moisturizer that will stop dry skin dead in it's tracks and won't leave you too oily, but is hampered by the fact that you can't use it immediately after shaving. The fruit acid extracts that they claim will help reduce lines and wrinkles, stings when applied directly after a shave.
delivery was very quick but the pump on the bottle doesn't work after a month.  Not the sellers fault though...
Body wash is good, but it wasn't anything I couldn't buy for a lesser price.  Anyways, I'm still glad I tried it out.
This stuff smells great and it feels great, but it definitely left my shower floor extremely slippery.  And yes, I did fall! :(  But, luckily no major injury.  So do be careful!  It's no longer allowed in my shower.
This item was purchased as a gift. Unfortunately it was mailed to the wrong address & therefor a bit of a disappointment because it had to be re-mailed & arrived late for Christmas.
I bought this product for my husband who says that he felt it was a little below his expectations. In particular, it didn't lather very well.
I travel for work often and thought it would be nice to have a 3 in 1 product to save some space.  The product seems to have the consistency of a face wash and not like other 3 in 1 products I have used. I would rather pack shampoo, body wash, and face wash.I own many other Jack Black products but this one doesn't seem to be worth the money for me.
Great soap no problems but when I opened the package half the bottle had leaked out all over inside the box...
I had been considering this product for a long time and finally decided to give it a try after reading the positive reviews. It  is a nice product but not as good as other products I have tried.  The scent was not as powerful as I thought it would be.  I would suggest Molton Brown which is excellent,  or one of the products from Bath and Body Works which is not  as expensive.
I've been using a facial scrub for years now.  Normally, I buy St. Ives Apricot Scrub or an Equate (Walmart) Aricot Scrub.This Baxter Facial Scrub works well and has a similar consistency and ingredients to those two.  Baxter felt a little coarser than the other two, but I liked that.  My skin feels clean and smooth after using this scrub or the other two mentioned scrubs.Considering the price at the time of this review, Baxter costs $3.75 per ounce, while the other two scrubs cost $0.34 - $0.50 per ounce.  I do not think the benefit is there to justify the 8-11 times cost increase.
I want to start by saying;I like Baxter products and use them daily.  I am a huge fan, but not particularly a fan of this item. I don't want to be too harsh on Baxter, after all it is a Face Scrub, but this product is a bit too gritty. I don't want to give the impression this product doesn't work, it certainly does.  It washes easily and leaves the skin smooth, but the grit is a bit heavy for my liking.
I decided to take the plunge and try a type of product I had never used before.  The pluses were the understated scent and the consistancy.  The product was not greasy or oily at all. It did seem to do a fair job of cleaning and exfoliating my skin.  I just can't say the results were all that dramatic. I had to post this review in to meet the Vine time frame.  I will add an update when I have finished  the tube.
I've been desperately searching for a scrub to replace a discontinued product that I loved. Baxter scrub is nice, but not really what I was looking for. It has a very "retro" feel about it, which I kinda like...it reminds me of a scrub I might have bought in the 80's (in a good way), with natural, corse grains in a creamy base, similar to an old fashioned apricot scrub, and it has a really nice honey-almond scent that takes me back. This is a decent scrub, but a little too creamy for me and that combined with the larger grains are not as exfoliating as I wanted, but if you don't have super oily, clogged skin this is probably fine for you. I might buy it again just for the scent though.
This scrub worked well enough on my skin.  It's not my favorite facial scrub, but it did the job.  The scrub consists of fairly coarse grains in a clay-like base.  It smoothed easily over wet skin.  It took a bit more oomph to rinse off than some facial scrubs I have tried.  After using, my face felt clean and tight- the way it does when I use an astringent facial product.  It smells quite strongly of sweet almond oil, which I find to be a pleasant scent.  All in all, I would use this once or twice a week, not everyday.  I would recommend it to those who like a stronger exfoliator.  Those with sensitive skin will likely want to give this a pass.
Baxter's gritty facial scrub is deeply gritty and great for exfoliating like a man. I happen to be a woman (and completely missed the &#34;for men&#34; in tiny print when I ordered this). I don't really believe there is such a thing as men's or women's skin care products since we all have the same basic skin, but perhaps for a man, a grittier scrub for the face might feel more manly.This actually is very similar to my Apricot Scrub that I have been using for years, but definitely more hard core. I don't think I'd suggest to anyone that they use it daily, but for a once or twice a week sloughing it will perform well. I would also suggest that if you are using it in the shower you take a nice, long time rinsing, as I found myself picking pieces of grit off my entire body after showing, though I was sure I had rinsed it all off. This was never a problem with my other scrub, even body scrubs, so those walnut shells, etc, must be pretty hardy.Lastly, my good old Apricot Scrub is about a third of the price. If you want a cool steel-like tube and a fancy name, this is it, but you'll pay quite a bit more..
This gritty face scrub reminds me of an apricot scrub I used to use a long time ago. It has walnut powder and cornmeal in it so it is fairly gritty. I've used it twice and it is effective for ridding your face of dry skin. You probably only need to use it a couple of times a week. I have fairly sensitive skin and it didn't irritate my skin too much. This would be good as an all over body scrub as well. I think it is best to use this scrub before you use face wash. Face wash will then remove any residues left behind. For dry flaky skin this probably can't be beat.~The Rebecca Review
I have discovered that this facial scrub is a great all-around exfoliant. I was afraid that it wouldn't be gentle or fine enough to use on my face (I'm a woman with somewhat sensitive skin), but after pairing it with loofah gloves in the shower, I realized that it was gentle enough to use anywhere. My daughter loves it on the keratosis pilaris on her upper arms. It's a great way to get rid of dead skin before using a self-tanner. The only person who hasn't used it yet is my husband. It smells fantastic, too!
I bought this for my husband. He really likes the smell, which reminds him of Jergen's original hand lotion (almond), but he's not a fan of the grit. He thinks there are relatively few pieces of large, rough grit suspended in the scrub, and he would prefer a more abundant, finer texture.
I got this for my husband, but he wasn't too happy with the smell. They tried to make give it a manly smell, but eh... It works just as well as any physical exfoliating product. It does leave a film on your skin like a moisturizer.
As the title says, I love their other facial products (I'm 44 and my skin has NEVER been clearer than with their products), but unfortunately their facial scrub is a bit too abrasive for my skin type. I need something with a finer scrub, but you shouldn't let that stop you from trying this.Neat company. Someone bought the facial care set for me as a gift, I tried and and my dry / oily combination skin became pretty normal with much reduced acne. Mega impressed. Thanks Baxter.
I am a bit of harsh critic when it comes to facial scrubs. My favorite being the Kiehls. However, Kiehls grounds up shells into tiny, tiny granules that gently scrubs away dead skin. This is a little more intense than that. Not worse, but definitely not better. It kind of felt like I was rubbing sand all over my skin.I am sensitive to fragrance and I found that this has a very intense Almond smell. However, inspecting the ingredients I could find no trace of Almond anywhere. I did, however, find perfume as one of the listed ingredients and I believe they use an Almond perfume for their facial scrub. Not sure why. This doesn't need to smell like anything! Just keep it natural.It also contains parabens, which have been proven to be toxic. Until they get rid of the fragrance and parabens I'm not sold that this is a good buy.
love this stuff!!!  been use'n it for months now!!  nice, clean shave without any clumps or clogs in the razor or irritation on my neck!!  thank you!!!
Somewhere between a cream and a shaving oil, this shaving gel works well enough, but I actually miss the &#34;guide&#34; presented by lathering solutions. I gave it to my fianc&eacute; for her legs and she loves it.
I think Kiehl's works  much better.  It's been a while since I used regular shaving cream/gel so I'm not sure if this is better than that.
does it make your shave smoother? yesBUT its very tingly like VapoRub and its very smelly.....Like VaporubIf you use it it corrupts any nice smell from your shave soap or after shave lotions
I got it on basis of reviews.Yes, its good but not awesome.I am looking for something even better!And if your face is not well washed or if you have not taken a shower and try to shave, using this cream will not help you avoid cuts and abrasions on your face and neck.Buy it but don't expect it to be sensational.Having said that, Jack Black is a awesome brand.
Though it's likely I've run the entire course of shaving preparations, gizmos, and gadgets, I'm always up for a better shave.So I bought this stuff. It works well enough, though I do notice, when I use it, the presence of some nasties, those unpronounceable words in the ingredient list, as well as some booze (alcohol), to all of which I am rather sensitive.So, without further ado, let me to those of greater sensitivity recommend "Shave Deluxe", a simple shave solution of natural oils packaged in a most unpretentious little plastic bottle. You use 5 drops mixed with the water in the palm of your hand. You can buy it online at their website, and I've seen it at Whole Foods. It's very nice to use, leaves the skin feeling well-protected, soft, and well cared for after shaving, and seems to have none of the nasties.Sensitivities vary, and for a lot of men, Jack Black will work just fine--it's better than most of the familiar stuff. But it's not Shave Deluxe.
I have nothing BAD to say about this product.  I just didn't like it compared to other shave product I've had and used.  I guess maybe I just don't like cremes.  I purchased several items at the same time as this to compare them all and the other win out over this. It has good ingredients, doesn't smell overly powerful, gives your skin good protection but gums the razor fairly easily.  I prefer Dermalogica Invigorating shave gel for men, and Bald Guyz clear shave gel.  They get a much closer shave and are the razor is very 'smooth'.  I shave my head every day so a superb product is necessary for a bump free head!  Still searching for the perfect product thought.
After trying Jack Black's hand healer and being impressed with it, I was expecting this product to make my beard as soft as the hair on my head.It is a pleasant product but it is no more effective at softening beard hair than regular conditioner for the hair on your head.I recommend the hand healer.  The beard lube is not worth bothering with.
I recently tried the Beard Lube (3 in 1)...mediocre at best for use with a straight razor. It simply does not provide the lubrication that one needs with a straight blade. It might work better with a safety razor. I just find that a pre-oil with a solid shaving cream is better. That being said, it might be good for travel (i.e. carry on)I have not used the shaving cream, but I hear that it is terrific!
The wax itself in this kit works really well. however after one use the wax that drips on the side of the cup hardens and is impossible to get off, so after using the cup 2 times, you have to ditch it. If you try to use the refills in an old cup it becomes a mix of crusty old wax and new wax and its a disaster. so if you dont mind the mess of the cup, the wax will work well!
The product works good.  The things that are not that great about the product is that it does not come with enough sticks to spread the wax and I already ran out, but have lots of wax left.  The wax is only melting in the middle and the sides are not melting which is a lot of unused wax.  Otherwise the kit works out fine.
I had this product before years ago when it came in different cup you had to put in a pot of boiling water. I really like this product only thing that I don't like it can be messy when waxing.
My first use of the kit was great and the wax worked well. But during the second use I noticed that wax was stuck to the side of the cup and wouldn't melt evenly resulting in a loss of wax. Third time was even worse as even more wax was stuck to sides of cup. Since the kit was on the pricier side I was hoping for more wax and less mess.
I get my brows waxed on a regular basis, and turned to this kit as a time-saver.  Unfortunately, despite several attempts, I found this kit to be messy and not very effective.  The sugar paste/syrup that is the wax substitute is difficult to apply with precision.  You need just the right amount - too little, and the hairs will not come out.  Too much, and the syrup smears everywhere and the hairs still do not come out.  Even if the right amount is applied, quite a few stragglers are left behind, so the overall effect is not as clean as I'd like.  It is ok in an emergency - but despite positive reviews I would not strongly recommend this.  I think I'll go back to tweezing as a quick fix.  The soothing balm that comes with this kit works pretty well, though - I use it after having my brows waxed.
The wax splattered after stirring upon removal from the microwave and caused a burn to the hand.  Know what you are dealing with when you buy and heat up wax.
It's ok.  Messy to deal with.  I bought this because I figured that it would be cheaper than professional waxing.
I bought this at the recommendation of a friend. I found that it was very messy to use and took very long to warm in the microwave.  I would not recommend this.  Go to the salon, it's much easier
Kinda disappointed that this didn't actually get &#34;foamy&#34; for me... Although I did like the wash itself I wish it said what it was supposed to do, foam... Oh well... probably won't buy again
I got this in order to be able to apply my lipstick quickly without having to fish in a makeup bag reading labels.  It's great to have all my lip color in one place.  The wells only hold a small amount though, so before crushing your whole stick, maybe start with the lipsticks you have that are worn down to the nub.  That said, even the small amount of lipstick the wells hold will smudge up on tray dividers and, as the product softens, run into the side wells.  The black plastic tool it comes with is almost useless whether you're using it to apply color to your lips or using it to transfer lipstick from its original tube to the tray. Also, even though there's a space for a lip brush, my brush handle is always covered with lipstick, which makes it difficult to use.  I'm thinking of storing my brush elsewhere.  A smaller, 4-well compact would be nice.
Tiny palatte but holds a lot of product. I use this for my lipsticks and keep in my makeup kit. Makes it a lot easier to pick colors when working on my clients.
It is too small for the powder puff purchased but its still good for travel for any expensive perfume powders
I should have read the description. My DA bad.I bought it on a 2 item special.WTF, I was just as well off with the powder container.I did get a bag thing with it. I'll never use it but the thought is nice.
I am a fashion stylist and like to keep my kit close at hand for last minute touch ups, pin ups and wardrobe fixes.  This apron appears to have enough pockets and compartments with out being too bulky when I add products.  Have not used on the job, but looking forward to it.
This is much smaller than it looks in the picture.  I thought it would be about 3 inches in diameter but it was only about 1 inch.  I was shocked when it arrived.  Dimensions should be included. They did send me a small free bag.
This was way smaller than I pictured. My own fault because I didn't measure it correctly but this will hardly fit anything. It seems well made though.
I bought this cleaner because I ran out of my previous product, MAC's brush cleaner.  I absolutely loved it, but because I couldn't get it with free shipping, I decided to try something different.  Well, this is different.Does it work?  Yes.  But it seems difficult to use and wasteful.  I assume that part of cleaning a brush is saturating it, so it doesn't make sense to me to use a spray bottle (gotta clean the bristles on the inside too, right?).  It takes several rounds, and a lot of product goes places other than on the brush thanks to the spraying.  Since it's not used in conjunction with water (I tried that, too), it also seems to take a lot of product by the time you give it the couple of good soaks it takes for the brush to come clean.  After cleaning my brushes twice, I'm almost half way through the Japonesque.  Maybe I'm just not using it right.It *does* get the brushes clean, but I'll go back to MAC next time.  It's easier to use, and one bottle lasted me several years.**later notes**Ok, I get it a little more now.  It's not great for daily brush cleaning in most instances, but since I started using a smudgepot eye liner, this is the ONLY product that gets the brush clean quickly and easily.  I'm buying another bottle just for that.  My Sephora daily brush cleaner is useless on the gooey eyeliner.
The smell isn't unpleasant (citrus-y) and it works okay.  However, I think you can find something better than this mediocre product to clean your brushes.  I have had better results using Dr. Bronner's peppermint castille soap.  If you just want a quick clean in between washing the brushes, then this may work for you.
This works well but the smell is very strong and I rarely use it now because of this fact... but it does work.
I enjoyed the fragrance the spray had. Ive had other cleaners that work a little better but it does the job
I'm torn on this product. On the one hand it definitely works: It cleans a makeup brush perfect and leaves it absolutely clean for the next use.But on the other hand, I really really disliked the smell of it. It was a kind of sharp chemical smell that didn't go away or evaporate even after the brush was completely dry by the next day. So I really didn't like using it as I could smell the sharp unpleasant odor the entire time I was using it around my face. So I switched back to the Clinique brush cleaner which smells much better.
Not wild about this cleaner, I don't recommend using it for deep cleaning your brushes but for quick wipe downs on paper towels in between deep cleaning it works well. I found the oil to clingy when I did a deep cleaning and I had to clean the brushes again in baby shampoo. I prefer using the baby shampoo for deep cleanings still.
Has a weird scent, not really the best, but not horrible either.If I were you I would probably buy something different.
I've been searching for a more affordable brush spot cleaner to break away from using my normal MAC one. As far as cleaning goes, this one works very well. However, the smell is a fairly overwhelming fruity/floral that makes me a bit nauseated after a few minutes of use. It's also on the oily side, which I'm not crazy about. I will definitely finish this bottle up (with windows open) as it does work well for its intended purpose, but most likely I will not be re-purchasing.
I use this to clean my brushes whenever I remember to.They spray bottle is of poor design. It leaks sometimes. When you use it, expect to have an oily index finger.This stuff is basically a citrus scented oil. It cleans well, just spray it on and brush the brush along a paper towel until it wipes clean. Then let it air dry overnight. No water needed.I like it but it's overpriced in poor packaging. I would repurchase but only if they update the spray bottle. It's really annoying to avoid oily fingers by using a tissue on it all the time.I recommend, but I would rather use soap and water to clean my brushes when I finish my bottle.
I typically use the mac brush cleaner which works amazing it is just a little pricy. I tried this stuf and it sort of works definitely dries rapidly perhaps to rapidly? I tried using the spray top but it quite often gets stuck in the down position before I can spray enough to clean the brush so I took of the lid and started pouring it onto a rag to clean my brushes more effectively. Works smells very citrusy as it dries and careful getting it on your fingers. IT WILL DRY YOuR SKIN OUT A LOT. So just be careful. :)
This bottle does not sealing well, whenever I use it the liquild remover came out, little annoying and smells like orange.
Pros:Removes product from brushes quicklyOrange scentQuick dryingCons:It leaves a greasiness on your brushes, and hands, and table (wherever you managed to get any of the cleanser)The orange scent can seriously overwhelm. Use in a well ventilated room.
I bought it on the basis of the review titled "It's super effective!" It's not really, it's the same as any of the others (Gillette, Sure, Old Spice, Mennen). Meaning, it won't keep perspirators dry.After two hours --in a/c-- armpits were just as wet as with any of the anti-perspirants/deodorants half the price.I'm still looking for the silver bullet. This isn't it.
I do like this deodorant, the price is a little more than usual I like to spend on toiletries, but I wanted a unique product. The scent isn't too strong, but it does seem to help in stopping the sweat. The scent is pretty plain, was expecting something a little more unique in that sense; but overall a decent product especially if you want something plain without an overpowering smell; only question then is it worth the premium price.
but not now. You can see the &#34;New and Improved&#34; on the front. Since the &#34;New and Improved&#34; it doesn't seem to last as long. Quits mid day now where before it lasted all day. I still like it though. May still use it in the winter months but looking for replacement.
this does a great job of keeping me dry but my underarms get very itchy. i knew ahead of time that it's due to the aluminum and i've had some products that were more itchy and some that were less. i'll keep looking for the right one.
Mediocre at best. I've spent half of this price for better performance. Leaves underarms sticky, and doesn't provide whole day protection. Clinique was far superior without the terrible fragrance.
This s better than the stuff that I have bought at the store, but it is not as good as I expected.  The problem for me is that it does not always last all day.  For this price it better have some staying power.  There are days that it does.  I have had to use more than the one swipe and your done approach to get this stuff to work.  Would I buy this again?  I don't know.  I need to try some others before I can answer that one.  Bottom line is for this price it better live up to its billing every time, and it doesn't always do that.
So, since this is a grooming product, a small amount of over-sharing may be required.  I used to use clinical strength antiperspirants.  Got on a health kick, and decided to eliminate the excessive chemicals in foods and cleaning agents, etc. (I would underline excessive here, as I am not some Monsanto hating tin foil hat hippie).  That kind of took on a life of its own, and next thing you know I find Jack Black products, which for the most part are wonderful.  This product however leaves a bit to be desired.  As a deodorant, it's fine.  Not a signature scent like most of the JB line, but not overly feminine.  It had LESS chemicals, which I liked, and the active ingredient was identical to what I was using both in compound and in percentage.  Unfortunately, for reasons unknown, it is not as effective as what I was using at keeping wetness at bay. While it fit what I was after lifestyle-wise, from a utilitarian perspective it was a complete fail.  So, this $16 stick does not work as well as a $7 stick, AND the scent doesn't match the other JB products, which for me equals no reason to re-order.
In the photo this looks like a white, but is actually more of a very light skin tone with a hint of peach.  Pretty for day wear.  When worn dry it does flake on to your face and did not last 1/2 day on me.  Even seemed to run under my eye by the end of the day.  Maybe with a primer it would be better.  Wasn't too impressed with dry.  When worn wet It had a lot of shine and lasted longer, but still wore away a bit in the crease.  The color is just ok.  Still looking for the perfect eye shadow.
Product foams up once you apply it to damp skin. But I am not really sure what this does. I will say my skin does feel soft after I use it. But I haven't noticed any long term effect.
I have very dry skin and this is a very gentle cleanser.  It doesn't dry my skin out at all.  It doesn't cause any noticeable irritation.The product is a gel, but when you apply it, it foams up and fizzes.  I quite like that sensation.  I find that it applies much better to dry skin than wet.  The gel needs to be able to cling to your skin or it'll just slough off.I've been using it 2-3 times per week for about three months and honestly, I can't say that I notice any difference.  It's kind of fun.  It smells good.  It doesn't dry my skin.  But at this price point, I won't be purchasing it again.
Not my fav. Very fancy, very expensive...but not great resuts. I wont buy again. It is funny to use...all that foam in your face but once you rinse...same thing before.
I bought this because I heard so much about it and maybe it was BECAUSE I heard so much about it that I was kind of disappointed. I do love the fact that it only takes 5 minutes though. It makes me be more regular about using a mask which is good no matter what.
Aside from bubbling, I dont really know what else this mask does. Skin feels more energised but it doesnt look different and for this price I would expect a little more. I would opt for the Steep Clean by Bliss instead. Same price but better results.
The product slides off the face before the five minutes are up and I haven't noticed any results, even temporary ones after two weeks of using it the recommended three times per week. The only thing I felt was the sting of wasting over $50.
This is a good facial scrub.  I did notice smaller pores after using is several times.  It's better than most things you can pick up at the local store, but it's overpriced.  You can use less to make the product stretch for a longer period of time and it still works well.  I would recommend it, but for someone on a tight budget, don't let the pricey tag fool you into thinking it'll completely transform your skin.  It is a good product.
My face definitely feels cleaner after using this product,but I'm not "WOWED" by the effects. I've been using the product for almost 3 weeks and I don't see much of a difference. Considering how much it costs, I really wish it was mind-blowing. =/
When I purchased this I thought I was buying a newly packaged of Dr Brandts microdermabrasion which came in a glass container.  It is not the same.  It started out thick and about 3/4 through I was getting more liquid that the abrasion particles.  It lasted much less time than the glass. I'm now trying Derma e microdermabrasion scrub, it's closer to the original Dr. Brandts and it works better than the tube
I bought this based on the reviews and have been disappointed. I've used Neutrogena Microdermabrasion kit with cream since it came out and haven't found anything that works better for my skin. This was nice but VERY overpriced for what you get.
So if you look through the reviews for most of the menscience stuff you realize that all these posts are from the same people and all they have reviewed on amazon is menscience. Okay, menscience, if you're going to put fake reviews at least vary it up a bit and try to hide it.Anyway, I actually used this product along with other Menscience products. I actually went through 2 bottles of this stuff and it's not cheap. Overall, it's just okay, I really didn't see much of a difference. But to be fair, I've been using Lab Series and Anthony products for the past 10 years or more, so my skin is probably in good shape. I used this product once in the morning and night, just one squirt per time, it lasted me a month at the most and one pump is very little, I had to spread it very thin. I went back to Lab Series Age Rescue because it was cheaper and one pump of that is enough for my face and it lasts longer. I don't notice a difference between the two but like I said, I take care of my skin.
Most of the reviews on here are fake.  However I did actually purchase this product and its pretty good.  Smooth's skin surface a little bit.  Its not too shiny.
I have used this product for some time now. I think it is ok, but expensive. I really don't like the bottle and that's why the 3 stars and why I'm looking for a substitute product.
After I purchased, I read that clay is actually better than mud.  Who knows. . .  Makes my skin tingle, which I also read isn't a good thing.  No other concerns, but not sure about the mud v. clay issue.
I totally prefer the day replenisher for extra dry skin.  This formula is very greasy and didn't take away the itch from my dry facial skin.  Now I use the day formula day and night!  Great brand though!
I tried the Ahava shower gel at my mom's house and loved it. She found it at TJ Maxx. I thought this was the same but now that I have it, I'm not so impressed. The pump should allow larger amounts in one pump. I have to pump it about 3 times to get enough on my sponge. It is not ideal for the shower. The scent and lather are mild if that is what you like. It does the job but I won't spend this kind of money on it again.
Doesn't suds up very well and not near as good as their Dermud intensive hand cream. I find the shower gel very drying. I prefer Shi-Kai products for shower gel
everything is very goodbut delivery is a little late
I was shocked when I applied this to my face. I'd been using a small sample of AHAVA Smoothing Moisturizer on my face for over a month and just loved it. It has normalized my oily t-zone skin, so next purchase I'm going back to Smoothing Moisturizer.I don't hate Matifying Moisturizer. I kept trying it and now have found a method of applying it that I can live with. When I first used this, it was on skin I'd just cleaned with AHAVA 3-in-1 Mineral Toning Cleanser (love it!). It has a completely different texture from what I was used to from my other AHAVA products. Now I use my Aveeno Agess Vitality and a vitamin c topical cream first and then apply the Matifying Moisturizer. It goes on much smoother and I get the benefit of it's matifying properties. I haven't used makeup over it yet, but I expect good results.I might try the Matifying Toner with the Smoothing Moisturizer. I can live with this till my next purchase. It isn't something I'll send back, but I won't buy it again.
I am 30 and have adult acne and generally oily skin.  I was excited that this moisturizer would create a matte look.  I was dissapointed.  For some reason it actually made my skin feel a bit oilier.  Also, it doesn't have SPF
They sent the wrong Ahava hand cream (was a brown tube, similar, but not what ordered).  Won't return, however, because I had to pay shipping to me, would have had to pay shipping for the return, and then pay again for the correct product.  So obviously I kept the wrong tube,
Ehhh it was alright.  I Didnt see much difference in my oily skin. Im still using it, but probably wot purchase another one
This soap smells nice but hasn't created a noticeable difference in my skin except drying it out a little more than usual.  This is not an oily skin cure so if thats what you are looking for go see a dermatologist because this is just plain old soap if you ask me. It is only good because it doesn't OVERLY dry my skin like regular soaps do and it doesn't irritate my skin either, so thats a plus.  I just don't think I'd go out of my way to order this again because it didn't work any miracle for me that I can't go to the store and buy(oatmeal soap or something along those lines).
First the good:This scrub is incredibly gentle. If you have sensitive skin or Eczema, this could be really great for you.It does what an scrub should do and gets rid of dead skin.Leaves skin really soft.Now, the bad:The smell is completely awful. I am not sensitive to smells, but this scrub smelled like minerals mixed with rotting vegetables. It is so overwhelming that it is not pleasant to use this product. You find yourself scrubbing it on and off as fast as possible just to wash the smell off.You are paying a luxury price, but not getting a luxury experience because of the smell.Final verdict:If you have sensitive skin or Eczema or anything else that requires super gentle products: this scrub could be worth the money for you.If you have normal skin with concessional dry patches like me, look elsewhere. I recommend Soap and Glory. Their scrubs smell amazing and work just as well at getting rid of dead skin and leaving you silky soft.
I think it works okay, but not amazing.  I don't see anymore dramatic results than other facial lotions.  I read another reviewer that uses this similar brand in the hand lotion version on her face.  I think I'm going to try that, since I just bought the hand lotion version of the Ahava Dermud, and it seems like a better value if I'm using it on my face instead of the hands.I hate the bulky dispensing bottle, and find it bulky and a waste of plastic.  I think a little tube would have been fine.  I tend to pump out too much, so this bottle hasn't lasted as long as I'd like.I won't be buying it again unfortunately because it's just not the best brand out there.  I fell into the trap of trying EVERYTHING Ahava simply because I love a couple of their products.  But they're just like any specialty company that wants to branch out to other products to generate more revenue.  I don't think this brand for the face is exactly their forte...not for me anyway.  I have fairly dry, sensitive skin, and tend to break out from heavy creams.  This one only made me break out a couple of times during an unusually warm spring week.If all else, I think this is a product better for the cool, dry, wintry months than the warm ones.  I know older women need more moisturizers, but we just need one that does the job without clogging.  This might clog the pores of people who are prone to a shiny forehead.
This product does a great job of moisturizing, but it has a strong odor.  The smell disapates over time, but for an hour or so after application it is very noticable.  My wife finally asked me to stop using it.
A very nice product; however, I've recently come down with rheumatoid arthritis and have a really HARD time squeezing tubes.  I'm currently  in the process of replacing tubes with either pumps or jars.  Did enjoy the product when I was able to use it.
This one is too sweet smelling for me, I feel like I have candy on my lips.  Still like the product, just prefer the other variations.
I bought this product because I needed something that would work for my lips and add extra protection. It is a good lip balm but it gets really annoying how buttery it is. For the price it is better to just buy the Chap Stick or Carmex because I feel like they do a better job at moisturizing and protecting my lips. For 7 dollars I am not impressed and I know that I would not buy this product again and neither would I recommend it to friends or family.
I kept seeing this product popping up in every magazine stating this is the lip balm to get, so I decided to get it once to see what was so great about it.  It feels like any other lip balm I've ever used.  I'm sure you can find cheaper lip balm that uses spf 15.  So 3 stars because it does its job and has spf protection, but the price keeps it from getting 4 or 5 stars.
Mehh... pretty much describes how I feel about this product. It got a ton of great reviews on beautylish.com and it got some fairly decent review on amazon as well.. and I'm always looking for a great lip product because I have very dry skin, especially in the winter, and I've got pretty big lips so I really need to make sure they're not flaking and dry. This winter is starting out pretty harsh already. My skin has had some dry patches, and I've had chapped lips some mornings. I was really excited when I got this, but I'm pretty much kicking myself for not getting the peppermint one. I feel like this lip balm just coats my lips with a standard waxy film, but there really doesn't feel like there's any intense therapy going on. Sometimes, I really need treatment on my lips when they feel dry in the mornings and I really need to get my lips looking healthy again. I feel like even the standard Blistex medicated ointment works much, much better for healing. I feel like if I had gotten the peppermint, I might have liked this product a bit more. I feel like the Vanilla & Lavender is really bland. I was hoping i'd smell the lavender a bit more. I really doubt I'll be buying this product again, but it's not bad. I'll finish the tube, but it pretty much ends there.
I have previously ordered this lip balm in Mint flavored and i prefer it more this this flavor. I mean the product works well in hydrating and everything, BUT....the flavor of Mango & Mandarin taste/smells like soap.... It smells good but until you put it on your lips it feels like I put soap on my lips because it had such a floral smell to it. =/ I wish I had bought the mint flavored one.
I added a tube of this as an afterthought before checking out one day.  Personally, I'm glad that I did.  I don't use a lot of lip balm because it's hard for me to find one that I like the feel, smell, and taste of.I like the consistency of this lip balm.  It's won't pour out of the tube when it gets warm, but it isn't so firm that it's difficult to squeeze when applying.  For myself, a little goes a long way.  I enjoy the feeling that it leaves on my lips after rubbing them together.I really like the smell and the flavor of the black tea & blackberry.  It isn't overly fragrant and the taste is pretty subtle.  I haven't tried any others, but I'm low on this one and plan to order a variety next time.The first drawback that I have found is that this balm does not last as long on the lips as other products.  The second is that the packaging makes it difficult to tell how much you have left before it's time to get another tube.  It also leaves what I can only describe as a &#34;shimmer&#34; on the lips which will fade but may be noticeable right after application.Overall, I think that this is a pretty good product. It works for me and I would personally recommend it to anyone.Overall, I
One of the best lip balms I've ever used. Feels great. Long lasting. Deeply moisturizing. Not too glossy.My main problem is that it smells like lemon pound cake or a lemon cookie. It's too sweet and starchy smelling. When I think of lemon, it should be fresh and really burst with citrus essence. But this is more like a sugary sweet dessert.
I used this when I was in the desert and it worked wonders for my lips. So I bought it for use in the winter. I don't really feel like it does anything for me in this situation. A bit pricey not to be applicable to multiple environments but oh well.
This lip balm was great!!  I bought it for my daughter who has very dry/chapped lips and this kept her lips ery hydrated.  No need for numerous applications of chapsticks.  I will stick to this product and try the different flavors
I purchased this balm as an add-on item due to reviews I read for the product.  Initially after trying it I thought it wasn't any different from the Carmex lip balm that I've purchased from Wal-Mart in the past.  After a few minutes though, I will say that my lips did feel much softer than I was anticipating.  The balm does require reapplication as often as any other balm I've used though so I can't say it works any better than any other balm I've used before.  I'm fine with my purchase but don't plan on buying it again due to the cost & no dramatic difference from other balms I've used.
It's ok but a little expensive. Not really worth the price. I've had better ones that cost the same or less.
I have been using this for 2 years and love it. It keeps my hair in place all day without feeling too crunchy or sticky. You really need to distribute it evenly around in your hands before putting it in your hair.Update January 2013: Unfortunately, this product has gone downhill since I initially started using it in 2009. About a year ago the manufacturer changed the packaging. The new container is prettier, but an ounce smaller (same price). Moreover, the recipe recently changed. The pomade doesn't feel or smell the same anymore, and I don't like it as much. It's pastier and feels "cheaper." I'm afraid I can no longer recommend this product.
Product seems to work fairly well with regard to keeping your hair in place, ( I have shorter hair.) It's not super heavy, but it does feel weird when first putting it on.The smell is a bit odd, not bad, just unusual I guess. As of now, it's a product that will probably last me quite some time, and I would most likely order again.
A very good product but grossly misrepresented.I would consider this to be one  of the pricier men's grooming products.  It was advertised at 2.5 ounces.  However an Amazon sticker on the bottom of the jar tries to conceal the fact that the jar clearly states that it is only 2 ounces.......20% less than advertised.Had Amazon been honest, I would highly recommend the product, but given the  gross misrepresentation and the cheap coverup, this is a total rip off!!
This stuff certainly tames it.  But it's aroma is too strong.  It takes some getting used to, but for that certain photograph or special occasion, this is good stuff.k
I was expecting less of a hold. Product is defined as pomade, but holds hair really firm. Hair does not flow and move easily, and feels like it &#34;sticks&#34; to your head.Product is defined as a firm hold, so it's more of a fault of mine to expect other then that.
I was disappointed because not all 6 items fit into the zip top bag that it came with.  You can fit 4 items in without breaking the zip top.
Little gift packages are a nice idea, but this travel set is over the top. In total, it contains only 4 ounces of Ahava creams, in types that I love and use regularly.However, three of these four creams are available in 3.4 ounce sizes at considerably less per ounce.If you need a desperately need a gift, this would work, but Ahava has other gift packages-- like the quartetAhava Body Quartet Set, this terrificAhava Body Trioand even one 8.5 ounce jar of body lotionAHAVA - Mineral Body Lotion (8.5 fl oz), all of which seem to me better values.Suit yourself.
I've actually had this gloss for a long time, but I'm only now reviewing it because I wasn't always in the habit of reviewing things I buy from this site. But since I've become an avid book reviewer here on Amazon, I've decided that I should go back and do a review for the few make-up items I purchased from here (admittedly they are few because I usually buy my make-up from the company sites).Anyway, from the time I first bought this I kind of had mixed feelings about this one from the Lip Glaze line. Stila Lip Glaze was something I always wanted to try since I always saw this gloss featured in the teen magazines I used to read back in high school (and I don't know how it got so popular - I was broke as a joke as a teenager and didn't have 20+ dollars to spend on a lip gloss). So this brand was my first introduction to the high-end make-up I tend to prefer now that I can afford it.With this one, it says its a plumper. Well, I don't really think it plumps. Granted, I'm not really in to plumpers - I don't think I need it - but since it clearly says that it supposed to right on the packaging (hence, the name), I think it should do so. Unfortunately for this line of lip glazes, it has fallen in that all too familiar category of so-called "lip plumpers" that dupe you into believing your lips are swelling because of the menthol in it. I only know this because I've bought lip-plumpers unsuspectingly before - by that, not paying attention to the labels and just wanting to try something new - and was surprised to find that Sally Hansen's lip Inflation worked better than this one.Also, I don't know if the plumping ingredients have to do with this or not, but the texture on this one feels weird. It doesn't feel as creamy on the lips like the regular Stila lip glazes, but feels somewhat - I don't know, pasty. That's the only way I can describe it. And maybe not as sticky.At the time I bought this, I had only done so because I had wanted to buy another Stila lip glaze and at the time this one was for cheap - 8 dollars or something. Fact is, I love Stila, but they give you way to little product for the 20 dollar price tag. Luckily for me I own so many other lip glosses that it would take me a million years for me to go through even one of theirs - although I had managed to finish two of my lip glazes over the course of a few years. But, still, I have become a bit more conscious of the money I spend on high-end make-up and sometimes these lip glosses are some of the biggest offenders when it comes to scrimping on the product, but inflating the prices.I wouldn't recommend against this if you can find it for cheap like I did, but if you're buying this for the promise of fuller lips, then you should probably look elsewhere.
I read many raving reviews about this product and was excited to receive it. I like that the oil absorbs quickly and the scent is nice. While I don't think the gold shimmer is stripper-esque, it is a bit too noticeable for me. It leaves little gold specks that resemble glitter. I will be trying out the shimmer-free version next.
I am only reviewing to correct a misconception - the description for the Nuxe Dry Oils say "no silicones" but the very first ingredient is a silicone. Not that this is a bad ingredient - silicones are used in scar removal products and many lotions and I don't think they are necessarily bad for skin - but the description is misleading and incorrect.  So instead of "no silicones" I think "mostly silicones" would make more sense.
I like the way this oil looks on my skin but 1. the scent is not appealing and 2. it's not good for sensitive skin.  I made the mistake of putting some on my neck & chest and broke out in welts.  I've found that I can only use it sparingly on my arms (only the tops) and legs without breaking out.
When I compare this to other palettes that I have used it feels flimsy. This can be good for the total weight it adds but bad because the white plastic inserts don't seem like they would hold up in air travel well. I did not hot pour my lipsticks into this because I was afraid it might warp. I just used a spatula and swabbed in into place, then used a label maker to add the swatch names to the divider. I think this is just ok, nothing to rush out and buy, there is probably a better option out there.
I read about this in a magazine a few years ago. They recommended it as a way to consolidate lipstick tubes. I had a TON that had added up, so I figured it would be a good idea.The instructions said to use a little dish to melt down the lipstick, then pour them in the palette. The first one i tried melted a couple of the palette spaces. I figured it was my mistake for heating it too hot, but it really wasn't THAT hot. A couple of the other ones warped the palette a little, but it is barely noticeable.Once they were all hardened, certain ones would pop out all the time. I think they might be no-smudge lipsticks, so maybe their chemistry keeps them from sticking to the palette. I would definitely recommend using a makeup brush to apply the lipstick; if I use my finger, it just doesn't look as good.Even with all the trouble, I love that this case is easy to toss in a bag and so compact. The outside is nice and durable, and I haven't had any problems with the clasp. It would be really great if they made this would a more durable palette. If they don't do that anytime soon, I would probably buy this again. It is better than anything else I've seen out there.
When this palette arrived, I almost sent it back as a knock off! I have other palettes & items from Japonesque & the quality is completely different. It just looks cheap, but i guess it does the job for now. I don't know how long the cheap metal clasp will hold out. The wells are too shallow, so the divider sticks easily & gets all messy. Not to mention the fact that I can only fit a fraction of a lipstick in each well, so I have to keep and store all those lipstick tubes.
its a nice bath product but did not realise how little you get for your money.  Way too expensive for me.  Only going to get 3 or 4 baths out of the jar (2 if you do what it says on the jar!)
This body cream is lightly scented with a very nice green apple scent- crisp and fruity with a slightly spicy undertone.  For those who can't deal with much scent, the fragrance really is quite light (I'd actually prefer if it was a bit stronger).  The cream did a good job of moisturizing my legs after a shower, and it was fine to put on right after shaving.  My main concern was that the texture is a bit runny and slimy.  I prefer a thicker cream.  The texture issues are definitely preventing my full enjoyment of the cream.
I truly love Ahava products, and their mud happens to be outstanding for revitalizing your skin.What bothers me about this is its size. I could see if this were for a face mask, but for an entire body? (unless you're 21 inches in height)I would recommend their larger mud bath packs instead. I DO recommend AHAVA Mud Bath - the product is excellent. This size (only 4 ounces) is way too small though.
My skin is more dry than rough so I don't know if this was the best product for me to begin with.  Also, I think the directions need to be a little more clear as to whether or not you put the product on dry or wet skin...
I ordered it almost a month ago... I just got it a little over a week ago.  So far I like it seems to clear my dead skin but I'm not sure how well it actually works yet  since I haven't been using it long. I guess time will tell me that. My only regret is doing the lowest price option because it took forever to ship.
It is OK. Not worth the money. I probably will try another product next time.
I cant find this one anywhere in NZ. I want the Pure Silk one - multivitamin dry oil spray - mandarin and cedarwood. Any advice?
This color is great and exactly what I was looking for.  The formula, however, seems different than the other Borghese eye pencils. Since this is not one of their classic colors that they carry consistently, it's hard to say whether this color always applies the way it does.  It goes on rough, does not glide on and feels waxy.  The oval shaped tip disintegrated immediately.  The color is fantastic, just need more time because of the difficulty in applying.
I, first of all, had significant package design issues with this product. It took me quite a while  to even get the pump to work correctly.Secondly, though the quality felt good, the fragrance was very overwhelming to me. The minty part stung my eyes.I think for some people this may be a fine product, but for that price, the bottle should open.I suppose the minty burning my have just effected me, but it was so overwhelming I can't finish the bottle.
My hair drives me crazy.  It's baby fine.  It breaks.  It resists styling.  It's been colored and blow dried far too many times.  It has a mind of its own.  So I'm always looking for a miracle product that will make me look like one of those Breck Girls in the ads in the 50s.This sounded like it might be my miracle.  "Protein-enriched formula restores moisture as it helps rebuild the hair. Botanicals and vitamins promote hair manageability, counteract dryness and add shine."I had to try it.So I did.  It smells nice - minty fresh.  With enough diligence, it will detangle your hair.Then I started reading the more --- like "Nutrient enriched conditioner for men."Oops.  Didn't see that in the description I read.  I was kind of hoping it would be Nutrient enriched conditioner for women who want to look like the Breck Girl.  In fact, the instructions definitely show some butch guy massaging this into his hair.But conditioner is conditioner, right?Then I read the ingredients.  I was hoping it didn't contain whopping amounts of testosterone.It didn't.  It does contain Methylparaben.What, you ask, is Methylparaben?According to Wikipedia:m Methylparaben is produced naturally and found in several fruits, primarily blueberries, along with other parabens. There is controversy about whether methylparaben or propylparabens are harmful at concentrations typically used in body care or cosmetics. Some studies of breast tumors show a build up of methylparabens in the breast tissue.Which is something I really don't want.So I threw my conditioner away.But my hair smelled minty fresh.
I really like the creamy conditioner with a moderate mint scent.  When left on my scalp for a minute or two, I felt a very pleasant tingly feeling.My big issue is with pump.  After 5 minutes of twisting in the direction indicated on the pump, I gave up.  One of the helpful reviewers mentioned that you need to pull the pump out of the bottle to pop the pump.  I used a napkin to clean off the conditioner that is on the clear area of the pump.  Then, I had to use much force to twist the pump for it to pop up.  It worked but that was a lot of effort!
I had my brother-in-law try this product for me since when I agreed to review it I didn't see that it was for men. He used it for about 3 weeks, he liked the minty smell, said it rinsed out well, and conditioned his well but he thought his previous conditioner (Pantene) which was a lot cheaper actually conditioned his hair better. He has really thick hair.I have ultra fine hair and when I used it, it weighed my hair down and I didn't feel it was rinsing out fully. Just something to be aware of depending on your hair type.Do I or my brother-in-law recommend it? Can't say that we do! For him the pantene worked better at well under the price of this, and for me it just weighed my hair down.
After use, my hair is manageable and soft but not limp. The minty scent is nice but not too strong. This is what I expect from any good conditioner. The pump doesn't work. At these prices, that's the very least I expect. So if I got it at the drugstore for $4.99, I'd recommend it. But it's not as exceptional as the price warrants.
As a conditioner, it works. But after using it for a while, I didn't notice it to be anything amazing. Perhaps at the cost I expected more. Not that there is anything wring with it, but honestly I just thought it was a typical conditioner.
The bottle is a rather simple design, the pump is actually welcome since you can control how much of the conditioner comes out (although it was a pain to get to function in the beginning), but I'm not at all a fan of the scent (mint).  I've been using this conditioner for over a week but I can't say I see much difference from what I was using previously (a cheap conditioner that I actually really liked).  My hair felt like some volume was added, but again, it was a similar outcome to what I had with a cheaper conditioner (whose scent I enjoyed much more than Baxter's).  Can't say I'll be buying another bottle when this one runs out.
I was shipped the wrong size (250 instead of 500) and amazon compensated me for that.  This is great, but it's still a pricey product and I don't feel it's strong enough given the cost.  It smells good too, but I just don't think it's a good value at all.
The smell is perfection in the beginning and then it almost disappears after a short time.  I forget they are there and wonder if they really work and are worth the money.  I thought it might be me but in the beginning I could smell a wonderful faint smell when I would open the apartment door and now, nothing at all even when I get near the bottle.  It just fades too quickly.
I have been a faithful customer of this product line, butProcesso is the best fragrance in the line for the entire line
The scent of this product is fresh and appealing.  However, the liquid fragrance evaporates at a rapid rate.  For the money, a better choice for a similar product is Alora reed infusers.  They last for over a year.  I don't think this one will make it five months.
I love the scent, but, as other reviewers noted, the sticks included do not all wick the solution evenly. Some of the sticks barely wick at all, so this diffuser is not as effective as some others I have used. Great scent - they just need to upgrade the delivery system.
Pleasant fragrance but you need to keep inverting the reeds frequently or the oils do not diffuse. I have this placed in a teeny powder room and, if I have not inverted the reeds within a couple of days, I don't smell the fragrance at all.....
very good scent, but the reeds doesn't work good, the smell can not spread. Thus, I have to rotate the reeds every two days.
The smell is absolutely amazing, but it evaporates really fast. I'd bought the smaller size from an expensive department store it ran out in about 3 weeks. Then re-bought on Amazon because it was a great deal. Added a bit of mineral oil to help it last longer, but the smell really broke up. I probably won't purchase again.
Just received it and still trying to determine if I like it or not. It appears to be a quality product.
I wish I would have paid more attention to the size. It's pretty tiny. The description probably said that, so I maybe shouldn't criticize the product for that. Smells nice. Just seemed a bit pricey for what you get.
the scent is very good, one of the better ones.  the problem is the reeds, they dont hold the liquid anddry out, making the scent disappear.  you have to keep turning them over to keep them wet with liquid.
Great Odor, but really don't last and absolutely don't spread around. I bought the small and the large bottle and they are both in the living room, but you barely notice it. I know it has to be very discreet, but in that case it's so discreet that you can't even smell it.
It smells warm and amazing, but the scent isn't very strong. I purchased the 500 ml bottle and I only smell it very slightly when I'm within a few feet of it. I purchased the prosecco scent before and it was so strong, sweet and overwhelming I returned it, but I can barely smell this one even though it is in the same space and is the same size bottle as the prosseco.
The scent is really nice. But it does not last long. I am surprised it does not come with a cap or something to prevent unnecessary evaporation.
positve:doesn't stain like other self tannersdoesn't smell quite as bad as other tannerseasy to applynegative:doesn't last as long as other self tannersyou have to apply a lot of coats in order to see the color which makes the can not last too longAll in all I would not buy this self tanner again.
I tried to like this.  I love the spray option but for some reason most tanners turn me orange.  I think the fake bake works best on me
I LOVE this Bliss Tan For All Seasons... first time ordering it here.  I usually pick it up at a local cosmetic store, but was ordering in advance and wanted to save a little.  First bottle arrived and it was almost a year expired... bummer.  They did reship me a new bottle right away though.  Only knew to check the date because I've purchased an expired one before that was the wrong color when it sprayed out and I am NOT willing to have a faulty color product on my skin and take the chance it doesn't turn me some funky color.  So, came expired... but did fix ASAP.  Overall time was almost a month due to Storm Sandy shipping issues, which I understand.
This texture cream works really well with my hair and leaves it feeling smooth. The only problem is that it smells like old ladies perfume. Seriously, every time I use this stuff I have an unpleasant odor of old ladies perfume for about an hour until the smell goes away. Besides that it works great.
My hair is somewhat thin and requires a strong hold to stay reasonably in pace.  If I sweat a little bit with this product in my hair, it all starts to stick up.  Too much cost for too little result.The product itself isn't bad per se.  It's just not right for my hair.
My face gets white after I put it on. How come to get white?I only used it for a couple weeks and I hope this will help my skin better.Sun protection and moisturizer together is what I am looking for.[Ahava Sun Protection Anti-Aging Facial Moisturizer, SPF 50, 2.1-Ounces]
Yeah, white face for sure. it does soak in and fade after a bit, if you really rub it in, but if you have some color already in your skin you're gonna feel a bit ghostly. Being pretty fair, I'm ok with this, i just top it with some bronzer and call it even. As a moisturizer, its ok. has a kind of heavy, sunscreen type of feel and stays dewy for hours. I'm ok with this too though, since my skin is super dry and sensitive. gives really great sun protection- I live in Miami and can lay out in peak sun for a few hours and my face will hardly see a change. For the size, its a good value and will last awhile. I don't think I would order this again though.
Love this product even tho it goes on a bit thick.  Super that its animal friendly.  Buuuut....its so expensive that I won't be buying it again.
The three colors are a good combination and may be used together or individually. I used the NYX primer and the color lasted for 6 hours. It may be a bit too shimmery for daytime. I still like it and think would look great at night. It may be a bit pricey. I think there are drugstore brands that are the same if not better quality than this. I think Bourjois has a similar eye shadow palette and it is less expensive than this one. I won't buy this again.
pretty colors, just as shown and what I was looking for, but it came without a case and became very messy to use.
I like the eye shadow a lot, but I cannot take it in my makeup bag because it came in a flimsy plastic container and no lid.
its good for a night out not regular day wear. its really shimmery and the highlight color is one that u have to put on a bit heavy becasue it is too light.
Nice color good quality ... Package is alright, I like it will get something more from this brand...it is so nice
I was surprised to find that this was a refill. No one seems to be able to assist me with finding a case. The shadow is nice but hard to use without a case. Not happy.
I love the colors, but they are very sheer, and if I try to layer more on to get more pigment, I end up with glitter all over my cheeks. There is a lot of shadow in this little container though.
While I have used many of the other products from Menscience, this one just leaves me feeling like, huh?  I didn't notice any dramatic changes and for the cost, well I think the money would be better spent on other acne treatments.  (Stuff I used while a teen worked better to tell the truth...otc product available at any grocery store)I don't have an acne issue, was looking for something to just use once in a while when I get a zit.  This is not the product for me.
It is a good product and I've found it to be very helpful in my quest to loose a little weight. It does leave a little tingly feeling but It has worked after 2 weeks time
Considering other comparable products on the market, Bliss Love Handler is a good fetch for your money.  However, the results are very minimal.  I'm very active and was hoping this product would tighten my tummy, love handles and inner thighs.  The product does make your skin super soft, but the "tightening" was not really noticeable.  It didn't really smooth out the cellulite on my butt and back of the legs.  I just recently finished the entire bottle and I'm curious to see if I see a regression in the shape of my body.  My guess is that any results that I've seen is really due to the increase training that I've been doing for an upcoming half marathon I'm training for.  I'm not sure yet if I'll make another purchase of this product.  Considering the the results that I got from this product I imagine I may get the same results from a firming cream that I can purchase from a drugstore...at probably half the cost.
It didn't smell as &#34;Rosy&#34; as I would have liked it to. I expected more rose scent. It's not &#34;bad&#34; - just ok. It does suds up well and lasts a long time. L 'Occitane puts out good products, I just wasn't excited about this scent.
I tried  this product because of friend told me about it, it did nothing for my hair and I am will never purchase it again. I could of used a bar of soap,it would of been better.
I have had so much trouble learning how to do my brows with eyeshadow and achieving that perfect matte natural look. I come out looking like Oscar the Grouch and this kit made it to be no exception. When it says it's dark brown, it means DARK brown, almost black. I have red hair but when my roots coming in their dark brown and I like to match my eyebrows to it however, this was just too dark! Not only that but it was hard to use, everytime I dipped the little brush it came with into the product and onto my brows the powder would fall off onto my cheeks. May be a user error but it would be cool if it came with a little instruction booklet or something. Back to the pencil I go!
At least for me. I didn't realize it would be quite so sparkly/shimmery. It was a bit much for my taste.
It's a great product for pedicure purposes. At least, that is how I use this product. It's really great. The reason to give just 3 stars is the way how it was sent to me. The seal under the lid was opened. The container itself had a strange plastic wrap with the scrub smudged all over the container under the wrap. I would never buy something like this in store, but had received it by mail. I left it using for my purposes, but will never buy it on line again.
When I bought this I wanted it to be HOT.  It isn't and maybe even only slightly warm.  The scrub is great though with a pleasant scent.
The hot properties of the scrub only lasts seconds. Smell is somewhat therapeutic. Scrubs dead skin cells, but does not leave skin as soft as I'd like.
Nice fragrance, good scrub, doesn't heat up for me as described, though.  Kind of pricey for the results in my humble opinion.
I love the smell! I just wish it lasted a little longer.  It exfoliates pretty well, but I think next time I will go for a sand/coconut fiber/or walnut scrub.  My skin feels a little dry, and the salt dissolves fairly quickly.
This does a decent job of moisturizing my lips and the faint mojito taste is very pleasant, but it just sits on my lips instead of absorbing into them. This is more like a lipgloss and it's just too shiny for my husband to use. That being said, we prefer Burt's Bees or Jack Black lip balms because they do a much better job of conditioning our lips and keeping them healthy and soft.
With a fragrance more reminiscent of a lime flavored green lollypop than the iconic drink, this mojito inspired lip balm applies easily. The slant tip applicator is easy to use but I would describe it as a gloss rather than a balm. It does make the lips feel soft and smooth but it is a bit sticky and shiny. It does not last which mandates frequent application.Although Baxter of California produces skin care products for men, I think this one misses its mark. I know few men who would wear a lip product this glossy. The need for constant reapplication makes it impractical.  Additionally I did not see an SPF which would render it undesirable for outdoor activities. While it does contain some healthy natural ingredients (aloe, macadamia nut, coconut, jojoba and grape seed oils, butchers broom), it also contains retinyl palmitate, a potential carcinogen. While the container design is appropriately spare, its print and its packaging are almost impossible to read.This is an acceptable gloss but wanting as a balm. I wasn't crazy about the lime scent and I think most men would be put off by its shininess.
Regardless of the season, my lips always get dry and chapped. Thus, for years I've always had a tube of Chapstick (or the various Chapstick-like products) in my pocket at all times. Effective, but they do need to be re-applied fairly often to maintain protection.This lip balm is liquid and, as such, has a more immediate impact on chapped lips. However, after trying it for a few days, I'm sticking with my tube-type balms. This is more messy to apply - very easy to put on too much and have your lips feel as if they are encased in plastic. It goes on glossy and takes a bit of time to "fade in" and look natural. The taste is also not that appealing - I prefer zero taste balm. This has a taste that's hard to describe - not horrible, but I'd rather not taste anything.On the plus side, the liquid format is more soothing on really bad chapped lips than the stick balms. For that I'll give it three stars, since it will be a product I'll use when I need extra protection (such as when sailing or for winter sports). But for daily use, it's not nearly as easy to use or manageable as a stick type balm. Plus, it costs substantially more than even the high-end stick balms.
When I first seen the Baxter of California Hydro Salve lip balm, it immediately reminded me of Bath and Body Work's C.O. Bigelow line. The packaging and font, etc are almost identical. I also didn't realize that the Baxter line is marketed directly to men. First me say that my husband would never use this product. It's lip balm but leaves a pretty high sheen on your lips like a lip gloss does. This is definitely not Chap Stick. I will gladly use it but to wear this, you have to be the kind of person that wants to look like you have lip gloss on.This is listed as mojito flavor but I didn't think it had any flavor but I do smell a lime and mint scent to it. It does goes on a clear.If you're interested in a high quality and natural lip balm then I suggest Burt Bee's or the C.O. Bigelow instead. They are both cheaper and I just like them better. If you are interested in this because it's marketed to men, I think the high gloss of the product kind of cancels that out.
I was eager to try this Baxter of California Hydro Salve Lip Balm.  Living in Southern California, keeping lips moist is a daily battle and I was hoping this product was up to the challenge.When mine arrived, I tried reading the ingredients to see what wonderful natural things were in here.  But the print was too small.  I put on my reading glasses.  Nope.  I added another pair of glasses over those.  Still no luck.  While I searched the house for an electron microscope, I applied a layer to my lips.  It felt like something that would last for a while, and I went on my merry way.By the next day, I still had not located an electron microscope, but it did occur to me that I might be able to find the ingredients online.  In fact, I found them right here on Amazon, big enough to read.And what I saw, in the endless list of roots, berries, and oils, was Retinyl Palmitate (Vitamin A Palmitate).Uh-oh."What is Retinyl Palmitate (Vitamin A Palmitate)?" you ask.  According to Wikipedia (and here I am editing out some of the duller parts), "Retinyl palmitate is a synthetic alternate forretinyl acetate in vitamin A supplements... It is a pre-formed version of vitamin A."And there are some studies that link retinyl palmitate to cancer.Environmental Working Group and New York Senator Chuck Schumer have called attention to the fact that high doses of topical retinyl palmitate were shown to accelerate cancer in lab animals.So I threw my Baxter of California Hydro Salve Lip Balm away.My lips sure felt soft and moist and smooth, though.
This is a good product.  It seriously softens your lips and the effects of using the product last for quite a few hours.  A few drawbacks:  Mine came in a bubble pack which had gotten squished in delivery and about a third of the product was squeezed out by the time it got here - a bit of a mess.  Also, the flavor is a strange 'mojito' flavor.  It was so unusual, I looked up what 'mojito' means, and it is a cocktail made with rum, lime, and mint - I love it, but I doubt everyone would love this unusual flavor.  Anyway, the product itself seems top-notch and I would be interested in trying some more of 'Baxter of California' products.Now, I have just read reviews by other smarter people, and maybe the ingredients in this lip balm are not so safe.  I think I will not use it again.
I had no problem, as some other reviewers have had, with the fragrance of this lip balm, and I found the consistency fine.  The fact that it gives a lip gloss appearance was a plus, I found.  It did moisturize my lips well enough.  I was troubled, as some others appear to have been, with the very large list of ingredients, illegible to the naked eye but available online, and am a bit leery of some of them.  But for now, at least till I use up this tube, this will be my lip balm of choice.
I have dry lips, and over the years, I've tried quite a few brands ranging from cheap (Chapstick, Vaseline, etc) to higher-end (Burt's Bees, Jack Black, Kiehl's, etc).  Jack Black is my current go-to lip balm.I've used this Baxter lip balm for over a month, and I have mixed feelings on it.  I do really like the mojito smell- it is basically lime.  The nice thing is that you can smell the lime when you apply the balm, but it is not too strong.  So you won't be smelling lime all day.In terms of performance, it works well.  It does a capable job of keeping my lips moisturized.  Unfortunately, it does not include any SPF like Jack Black does.One big negative of this lip balm is that it is very wet-looking.  My wife commented that it looked like I was wearing lip gloss.  I noticed this even when I only applied a small amount.  So I only apply this when I'm not going out in public.I know other reviewers have commented on the high price, but it is actually a good deal as it contains 0.5 fl oz.  Jack Black is only 0.25 oz, which makes it basically double the price of Baxter.  Of course, you'll think it's expensive if you are comparing it to a tube of Chapstick.In summary, it's not a bad lip balm, but I'll spend the extra money and stick to Jack Black.
This prodcut left a very greasy feeling on my lips as well as my hand when I apllied it. Felt very oily and water based and it did not last very long when it was on your lips after you applied the product. It does have a nice smell and taste to it. The small bottle that it was in was very nice and convient too.So so lip plam product.
After using the Baxter lip balm for a couple of days, I like it, but I prefer the heavier tube-type lip balms like Chapstick and Burt's Bee's. The taste was pleasant enough, almost neutral, and the aroma was very pleasant. It definitely added moisture to my lips, and I'm sure if I applied it several times a day, it would be very effective, but with the tube-type balms, a couple of applications usually last all day, except on the coldest, driest days of winter (and we have fairly short, mild winters here). My wife also tried it, and she liked it a bit more than I did. She didn't mind having to apply it several times a day, and she really liked the fragrance.My verdict: It's a good product; for those who are used to liquid rub-on salves, it's definitely worth trying. I think men tend to prefer a heavier salve and may not like this as much.
i bought this as stocking stuffers for my whole family.  since we're a mojito-loving bunch, i thought it was a perfect touch.  i wouldn't have minded the price so much if the scent had been more appealing.  i found that the artificial lemony-lime was a bit too strong.
I use chapstick on a daily basis and figured I would buy this since I recently bought several other products from Baxter. It feels nice on my lips, but it does not seem to last any longer than the $1 chapstick I have bought at Family Dollar in the past. For 8 times the price, I figured it would be miracle lip balm, but I was wrong. Probably would not buy again just because of the price.
This product is a cheap luxury.  While most of us aren't able to use it while lounging on the upper sundeck of our private yacht, we can afford a higher-priced tube of lip balm in our more mundane lives. But is it worth it?Not in my opinion.  I love the smell and taste of it, and it has lots of nice natural ingredients, but it also has some that don't sound so nice.  The first ingredient is isododecane, and I couldn't figure out what that is other than being a hydrocarbon.  Is that good or bad?  Because this claims to be a "natural lip balm," I wish Baxter had explained this ingredient.Okay, I'm no chemist, so I'll have to judge this on how it works for me.  Again - smell and taste - I love it.  Efficiency?  Medium.  It seemed to wear off fairly quickly, but it did leave my lips soft.  It was easy to squeeze too much product out of the tube, so care needs to be taken not to do that.Now, the main reason I won't get this product again.  I really, really don't like the sticky feeling it leaves on my lips.  For those who don't mind that, this might be a good product, but for me, it's a deal-breaker.  I'll probably use the rest of the tube at night before I go to bed, just to not waste it, but I'm going to stick to my non-luxury, next-to-the-cash-register bargain lip balms.By the way, Baxter of California started by creating a gender-specific product, one for men, and continued in that direction.  This product didn't say anything about being just for men.  I am not a man.  If I continue to use this, am I going to grow a mustache and have to learn how to spit?
I got a sample of this product through the Amazon Vine program to review.  I am a girl (I didn't realize that this is a male intended product line) and use a ton of lip gloss.The packaging is pretty typical for lip gloss and this is definitely more of a lip gloss than a lip balm.  The product makes your lips look very glossy when applied.  It is also a very slippery product (not sticky).  It has a very strong lime smell to it, which I didn't really like.It does do a good job of moisturizing my lips and wears off well (doesn't leave any cakey or sticky residue like some glosses do).I have a very hard time imagining my husband wearing this, it is just too glossy.Overall I am kind of ambivalent about this lip balm.  Most likely I won't use it again since I didn't like the smell and it doesn't have an SPF.Pros:- Moisturizing- Wears off lips without caking- Very glossy (which I liked)Cons:- Very glossy (my husband did not like)- Strong lime smell which I didn't like- no SPF
I've used Chap Stick lip care since it was reintroduced in 1963; especially since I moved to the Midwest (winters here can be brutal on exposed skin). On occasions I've experimented with the latest lip product on the market, like Blistex, Nivea and Carmex, but I always came back to Chap Stick.Recently I tried one of the grooming products for men from Baxter of California, a lip balm called "HYDRO SALVE (Natural Lip Balm)." Baxter of California produces an entire line of men's grooming, skin care and shaving products advertised under the snappy little tagline "The evolution of men's grooming." A half fluid ounce tube of "HYDRO SALVE" comes packaged in a slender and rather dull in appearance 4" x 1" x 3/4" box. Considering this is a California company, I was surprised they would package one of their products in such an unappealing container. Doing so certainly wasn't what inspired the company's "evolution of men's grooming."Almost everything on the box and the tube is written in five different languages (English, French, German, Italian and Filipino). The decision to do that is probably the most California-like of anything about this product. The following brief instructions are printed on the back of the box and also on the tube:"USAGE: Apply to lips, as needed""WHAT IT DOES: Natural moisturizers and vitamins soothe dry skin and keep lips soft and hydrated"Besides a couple of cautionary statements (for external use only and don't stick it in your eyes--I paraphrased that second part) the rest of the information on the containers is an extensive list of ingredients (all in multiple languages). It wasn't until a few days after I received "HYDRO SALVE" that I discovered what I thought was simple silver graphic design work on the side of the cardboard container was actually the most interesting and informative characteristic of this product: A brief biography and purpose statement of the Baxter of California company! Except for the product name, which is printed in reasonably readable lettering, the rest of the printing on the box and the tube is so small I had to borrow my wife's large loupe (a magnifying cup used by jewelers, watchmakers, photographers and graphic designers) to read what was printed. Then throw in what looked like silver bands and white lettering printed on a cream-colored box, this could be considered a graphic design and promotional disaster.The applicator on the top of the tube is cut at a 45 angle for easy application. Underneath the product name on the box describes the balm as a "Mojito flavor/vitamin enriched formula." Just to show how out of touch I am, I had no idea what a Mojito flavor was. So what do you do then? Google it! I discovered the word Mojito traditionally refers to a citrus fruit-flavored cocktail or a Cuban highball. This product was getting more California-like by the minute.Equipped with the information in the paragraph above, it was time to apply HYDRO SALVE externally on my lips and not in my eyes. I quickly discovered that though the applicator was well designed it was still easier (and more frugal, considering there is only a half ounce of liquid in the tube) to apply a small amount of the gold-colored salve to my index finger and spread it over my lips. The citrus Mojito smell is very pleasant and the taste is just as enjoyable (and non-intoxicating, too). The salve went on very smoothly and I was able to cover my lips with a very small amount with ease.Some of the reviews I read indicated this balm didn't last very long on their lips. I found it was just the opposite. It went on easily and stayed on for quite some time. I even noticed that when I woke up this morning I could still feel and taste the HYDRO SALVE on my lips, thought not as much as the evening before. I was impressed with that. I'm not sure I can be that complementary about my old standard, Chap Stick. A half fluid ounce of HYDRO SALVE sells for around $8. Doing the math, that's $16 an ounce for lip balm! Though I liked the product more than I thought I would, it's just too expensive when compared to what other lip balm products can do at a much more reasonable price. If you are planning a trip to California anytime soon, take along some HYDRO SALVE with you. When in California, do as the Californians do!Post Script: Please relax. Before anyone gets too heated up over my subtle, tongue-in-cheek treatment of California and its residence, I must let you know I was born in California and lived there for almost 45 years before moving to the Midwest. Any perceived barbs or jabs were all intended in the good spirit of literary humor.
I was not expecting a lip gloss when I received the product as the packaging stated it was a lip balm. Balm sounds a bit more matte than gloss, maybe? Regardless, I tried the product on myself before tossing it to my spouse for him to try out. When he saw it on my lips he refused to even try it due to the super high gloss finish.After a couple of minutes with the product on it does dry out a bit and lose some of the gloss, but leaves my lips a bit sticky. I don't mind it too much because it helps me keep from licking my lips - a bit cause of chapped lips for many folks - but the spouse doesn't even like to kiss me when I'm wearing this because of this.The flavor is mild and not overwhelming and it does not carry a strong smell, all positives in my book. The most negative thing for me about this product is the ingredients. It's got a decent listing of ingredients and they are printed in this strange silver on white that just makes it more difficult than it should be to read an ingredients list. It turns out there is some good stuff and some bad stuff in there, but enough to make me a bit hesitant in using this.A couple days after I got this, I ended up leaving it in a friend's car on accident and never saw it again. I was not sad and did not ask for it back.
My lips get chapped pretty easily, so I'm always looking for new chapsticks and lip balms to try. What I like about this one is that the minty scent isn't overpowering, it's very easy to use, and so far it seems to keep my lips moisturized for a couple hours before I need to reapply. However, I should note that my lips felt almost a little greasy when I first apply the lip balm and makes me look like I'm wearing lip gloss, which isn't always the look I'm going for especially if I want to apply lip color on top of my chapstick/lip balm.
This is a good-sized tube of lip balm. It goes on easily, has a nice subtle "Mojito" flavor (doesn't bring mojito to my mind, just kind of fruity). It does not have any SPF built in, and has a ingredients list a mile long. The only objectionable one that I could discern was propylene glycol, "a synthetic liquid substance that absorbs water." Why a water absorber would be in a lip balm seems strange, and it is certainly not natural. All in all a pricey lip balm, that is perhaps not as "natural" as it claims.
Baxter's "California Hydro Salve" lip balm is a product targeted for men which is why I found it a bit strange at how glossy the balm looks on the lips - I'm talking sparkle in the sun type shine.  This may or may not be an issue for you but for myself I found the appearance overly glossy but managed to tamper things down a bit by blotting with tissue after applying.  Other than that this is a fine, daily use balm with a subtle minty, mojito flavor and decent moisturizing capability.  If you don't mind a bit of gloss on your lips, give this one a try.
This stuff works quite well and I like the scent of it. It also lasts quite a long time and seems to be one of the best lip balms I've tried.But, it contains  Retinyl Palmitate which I understand from some recent articles I've read, can cause skin irritation and lesions especially when going in the sun with it on!I will therefore not be buying this lip balm again and have switched toJack Black Intense Therapy Lip Balm SPF 25 with Natural Mint and Shea Butter .25 oz (7 g).
This product is marketed towards men (hence the mojito flavor), and it smells like a little like lime and menthol.  However, the two men in my family (and adult and a 17 year old) both found that it was too slick and shiny for their taste.  It really looks like lip gloss when applied.  The teen wiped it off seconds after applying. The teen also remarked that he would not be caught dead applying lip balm with this sort of packaging as it is "for girls".The adult woman and teen girl did like the sheen and the moisturizing effect, but we have been told by the dermatologist to use lip balm with SPF, and this does not appear to contain any sort of sunscreen.  I do like how it feels and so will use up the rest of the tube, but it is back to stick lip balm for the men.
This is my first purchase of the Deborah Lippman line.  I think the quality is the same as Essie or OPI, but much pricer.  If you are a name dropper, you won't mind the price difference for the same quality product.The color is much darker than the photo. The photo appears to be a turquoise color and the name of the color "On The Beach" makes me think turquoise water. Would I purchase this line again? Maybe, but I would have to see it in person before purchasing to verify color. I was looking for something "close to" Tiffany Blue.
Most of the recent reviews seem to be written by women who ordered this product before noticing the "catered for men" selling point, so hopefully I can provide a good male perspective, but I've been relatively unimpressed so far. I would probably see better results if I also had the company's facial scrub, not just the clay mask, because it doesn't do much on its own. It may prevent pore clogging to some extent, but even when using it 3 times in a week, no miracles are done. My skin felt pretty good immediately after washing it off, but the effects don't seem to be very long-lasting.The product is fine, but I think that a better product could be found for less. And after comparing my experience to the other reviews, it may (ironically) actually yield better results for women! I'll continue to use the mask for as long as it takes before it runs out, but I won't seek it out again.
When I was a teenager suffering from acne, one of the products I used was Mud, a sort of clay mask that promised to "zap zits." It had its merits, and somewhere along the line its manufacturer positioned it as a more upscale product with classier, less comic bookish advertising. Baxter of California Clay Mask has that upscale look and an even more upscale price ($18.00 for a 4 ounce tube).Is it worth it?I would have to say no. This product, primarily designed for men, isn't bad, but I can't say it's outstanding either. Yeah, it tightens the skin for awhile after use, and I suppose it purifies the skin, as the product description says, but I don't know about the claim that it "deep cleans." I'm not sure if you can "feel" a deep cleansing, but I kind of expect to and did not.This is an average product at best and I can't recommend it with any enthusiasm.
I've used other mud masks designed for me before (such as Zirh) and in comparison this one seemed pretty tame. It certainly removed a lot of dirt and oil from my face and my skin felt good afterwords, but it didn't seem to penetrate or stimulate my skin as much as expected. Still, seems like a good product. It takes a bit of mud to cover an entire face and neck so bear in mind that 4 fluid ounces isn't a whole lot.
Overall, not worth the $18 price tag for a clay mask.  I will say I don't normally or hardly ever use anything other than a mild soap for the face.  After I used this mask, while it did leave the face feeling clean, I wasn't overly impressed with the results for pores.It is a rather large tube, but again, for $18 not gonna do it.
There are 2 types of face masks: those that clear up your skin and make it glow, and those that make you break out. Let's just say my skin wasn't glowing after I used this mask.
I guess a few of us ladies didn't realize this product was for men. I'm not sure why a woman wouldn't use it as there is no "manly" fragrance. It's a white creamy clay mask that comes in rather generic and boring packaging. I don't like that there are parabens in the ingredients so I wouldn't purchase it just based on that fact. It's manufactured in the US, not China, so that's something that pleases me. I don't see anything about "cruelty free" so I assume this has been tested on animals.As far as the product, you apply a thin layer and it dries pretty quickly. You leave it on for 5-10 minutes before easily washing it off. My skin did feel a little softer but didn't feel moisturized.
I haven't been able to partake of the Vine newsletter offerings for a couple of months now because when I requested this particular product, I thought it was for me.  But Baxter of California Clay Mask is a product for men.  Now men and women's skin probably isn't that different but who knows what cosmetic and skin care manufacturers think?  And frankly, given that they are selling this to men, I decided to heed its warning, err, instruction.The problem was getting the one male in my household to use this.  What's this? he asked.  A mask, I told him. A what? Like for Halloween?No, a mask to put on your face.What's it supposed to do?Make your -- wait, let me check the container - make your skin feel cleaner, fresher, more supple.I don't know if I want that.After some back and forth, he succumbed and rubbed the clay colored goo on his face. I watched him carefully to see if the mask would change him but it didn't appear to. He watched SportsCenter with the same enthusiasm as any other mask free night.  Later when he washed the mask off, I asked how he felt.  His response was "fine.""I can't write a review that you felt 'fine'.  Is your skin tighter, cleaner, fresher? More supple?""Why don't you tell me?"I feel it. It feels...like his skin. Only a little colder because apparently he doesn't want to wait until the water gets hot to wash off the product.  I feel ill equipped to write this review so I convince him, using various methods, that he should try this one more time.He's a quick learner though because he returns to me after this second time. "My skin feels clean, fresh and supple."As I turn toward my computer, he leans down and says "that's the same thing as fine."So there you go, he used it twice. He says his skin felt clean, fresh and supple. Or "fine".
I was expecting something better for just under $20.  It works well, and hydrates as the company says.  However exotic the ingredients, I just do not see this simple product being used by men in this fast-paced world. Maybe I'm wrong, but my husband just said, "Nope", when I asked him if he thought he would use it.  Maybe there are men out there who would, but, even the package apologizes for it's product's simplicity.  I say, if you want a great masque, and you are a man, I would do more research.  This product is very average.
When I got the mask I figured out it was for men. Well, my husband would not use it. I used it on myself. I have used quite a few masks in the past. I was not very impressed with this one. I seems to separate when applied. It would not cover unless I dabbed a bit more onto the open spots. It also stung a little in the beginning. I did use it according to the instructions. My skin was soft after I washed the mask off. It took a bit of washing, it stuck around the nose and chin area. The smell is not bad. I don't think I would buy it, if I was looking for a facial mask for my husband. There is better masks at any of the drug stores.
Like other Vine reviewers have noted, this product wasn't presented on the Vine list as one for men, so I was a wee bit surprised when the package landed and saw that on the label. Oh well, as another reviewer has mentioned, skin is skin and I always did love those old mud-pack style facial products (been having a hard time finding one at the local stores). It's pretty easy to apply, just spread it on your face, let it dry (it dried fairly quickly, but it is hot around here), wash it off, etc. It sure felt nice and tight on my face as it dried, and I haven't noticed any irritation or breakouts like I get with some facial products - that's a plus. I also didn't pick up on any strong odors, another plus since I'm sensitive to stronger scents and perfumes. The list of ingredients reads like Greek to me, but it looks to be a lot more chemicals and not natural ingredients - YMMV whether that is a deal-breaker or not in a product. I'm not overly fond of the packaging, the cap is very small and this will not stand up on its own on vanity or in the cabinet. - and for one with limited bathroom space, that is a deal breaker.
I can't comment on how this mask works in terms of cleansing yet, because I haven't been successful at getting it to dry. I typically do face masks in a long bath, and the heat from the bath seems to keep this one wet. I've never had that problem with another face mask, so it's quite unusual and inconvenient.
This brand is sold at many on-line retailers.  I personally have not heard of this brand and it appeared to be on the higher end because of the price.  I did not realize this was for Men so I tested this on my husband's face who had a 5 O'Clock shadow at the time and a fresh clean face.  He does get quite oily in the T-Zone area and was happy to give this a test run.  It was white and had very little smell to it and easily applied to my husband's T-Zone area.  After about 5 minutes he said he could feel it starting to dry and he felt no tingling sensation but only that it was starting to dry out.  After 10 minutes he rinsed it off.  He said his skin did not feel dried out but really he said he did not notice any real difference.  The next day he said his skin felt just as oily as it did the day before. The mask says that it will deeply cleanse and purify the skin with extracts that soothe and hydrate. My husband thought it certainly did hydrate his skin and did not feel like it dried his skin out.  But with a face mask I personally like a squeaky clean feeling and refreshed and tingly.  This didn't do it.
I'm a facial mask noob. Like others, I kind of poo poo the idea of gender specific skin care. Mostly, people care about the scent they are left with, the price, and the results of the product.So, before anyone makes me turn in my girl-card, I don't moisturize (oily skin), Pantene products are as pricey as I go, and I think Noxema and Ponds cold cream are pretty cool stuff. But, as I said, oily skin.Enter the facial mask. It has something of an earthy smell to it. I consider it a pleasant smell, not overdone, and certainly after you rinse the clay off, it leaves hardly any scent at all. Noxema certainly can't make that claim. .I first tried this on a weekend that I'd spent in the sun, sweaty with sunblock and bug repellent for skin care. To say that it was soothing is an understatement. Soothing only lasts as long as it takes for the mask to dry of course, and extends a little bit past the rinse off.The ingredients include a lot of things that you might expect to find in a mask, like glycerin, kaolin and witch hazel. And clay. Looking at other similar masks, sure enough it's not unusual.The mask directions indicate that your skin should already be clean before using it. My skin does feel great immediately after rinsing it off, and for a few hours after. Oil free, and toned, but not dry.A lot of people my age might feel slightly ridiculous using their grandma's skin care routine, but I guess I'm not one of them.  The clay mask was great to try out, but better than using Noxema with a witch hazel chaser? I don't know that it is, but I feel slightly ridiculous using a mask that gives me the same results at $4.50 an ounce.
I'm not sure why this product specifies For Men since nothing in the Directions indicate why that would be. Definitely seems that Women can use it too, which I did considering I didn't notice the label sooner : )  It's a mask for sure, staying on after 5-10 minutes where regular face creams would evaporate long before then. I apply it generously though because a "thin" layer doesn't feel like enough. At least it doesn't get crunchy when dried up or immobilizing the way some masks can do once it's on. And it's clay versus gel so it washes off instead of peels off. I'm not exactly convinced of it's hydration efforts because I used a tissue shortly after & tiny remnants were visibly left behind around my nose, which makes me think of a drying factor versus moisturizing.
It works well however it's far more of an orange based color than is shown in the picture.  The picture that showed for me for treasure was clearly a cooler tone with a slightly purple undertone rather than an orange one. Initially I thought it might be an issue with my computer screen, however the eye makeup I bought at the same time is almost exactly the same colors as shown in their picture. It's a nice product, goes on smoothly etc. It's just not the color I intended to buy.
I purchased this lipstick because it was advertised as long-lasting. Although it has a nice smooth satin texture, I did not find it to last more than a couple hours--and comes off easily when eating/drinking. It tends to work better on dry lips; doesn't "stick" otherwise.  Also, it needs some kind of gloss or chapstick over it, otherwise it dries out your lips.
The color was much lighter than I expected - it would be helpful to have a description of the shades - not just swatches which can be deceiving.  The texture is very nice but, for the price I paid, it should be!
my skin tone is medium...I chose the color Serenade and the color looks OK on me.  I use it when I'm lazy to put my regular lipstick on since it sort of glides on like a lipgloss for me.  But, I am giving 3 stars because it does NOT last long.LONG WEAR = NO
this feels good goes on well and is suposed to stay on longer then some.  I like it fine.  it is not a MUST HAVE for me.  nice size and packaging but not a lot of product for the $20.
The color does not last very long after applying but it is creamy, glides on easy and a pretty nude color.
This Stila Long Wear Lip Color, In the Nude isn't sold in stores anymore but I really wanted to try it and found it on my favorite website.  However, the color just doesn't work with my skin tone (it's more of a beige than a nude color that I would have hoped for) and it really doesn't last like some of their other products.  I will keep it though as maybe it will work if I need it in a pinch.
I was disappointed that this lipstick did not have much staying power. Seemed to wear off after a very short time.
I got these for my daughter, she says they are just OK. She can be very picky.
Smells great and seems really gentle to my very sensitive skin. The apple peel seems like the only thing that really is helping my acne though. This is a good alternative for people looking for an organic solution for MILD acne, but cystic acne sufferers might need a bit more of a helping hand.
I received this polish for Christmas and was so excited to try it. I pulled the brush out of the bottle and all I saw was a very dark blue polish that had almost no glitter in it. The glitter was all stuck to the sides. I hoped that if I kept shaking the bottle long enough, that the glitter would come off the sides. But, it never worked. The picture is deceiving to me.-YET, it was very smooth when you put it on and dried nicely. It just needs more glitter!
I had been eyeing this polish for a long time, but was always put off because of the price. So finally I just decided to get it. I really do love the color, and the uniqueness of this polish, I've never really seen anything like it. It is a little difficult to apply, and it takes about 3-4 coats for it to be completely opaque on the nails. I'd recommend wearing it over a black or dark blue polish instead. The lasting power is HORRIBLE, it was chipping pretty bad after only one day. For $20 I expected the lasting power to be at least as good as my other polishes, but it wasn't.
My wife liked this at first because it was different, but there are other products that give a much better shine and sparkle.  Maybe it was just the color choice that was off?  Either way, it made her go out and experiment with getting similar results on her own.