My mother really loves these bath salts. AHAVA is her favorite. I know there's others like Honey Herbal etc. but she prefers something without a strong scent. This is perfect for anyone who loves to just soak in a warm bath at the end of a stressful day. Great product, but a bit pricey. So it's not something I buy for myself. Some people love long, luxurious baths. If you know someone like that, they would appreciate this.
I like the package so easy to use. I live in the south so when I use this I go out side in my back yard to rinse off. It makes the skin feel like silk. I do see the issue about the mess, I am not sure if I would do a full body mask in my own shower, since I would not want to have to clean it up.
Smooth and gets you very clean.  I still need lotion after.  Would only buy again if my search for the perfect toxin free moisturizing shower cleanser leaves me empty handed.
Lots of eye gel/creams offer alot. This product is good, a little sticky after you apply but goes away. No scent and appears to help moisturize the delicate skin... but no promises on eye bags!
These are great soap bars. They have a strong smell in the shower that is pleasant in the morning. The scent basically rinses away completely so it wont interfere with cologne. They are definitely on the pricy side. I wish Amazon would offer a 6 or twelve pack at a bit of a discount.Update: I've now tried both scents and while both are nice I would recommend the lime scent I much prefer it to the bergamot scented version.
Great product. Great quality. They just don't last long. I've used before, so this was my expectation. Expect each bar to last 2-3 weeks. I'll still buy again.
Modern wisdom has pushed a mentality on most men. Namely, to wash your hair less, such as every other day, and allow the natural oils to come forth.Baxter's Daily Protein Shampoo seems to walk the line of daily usage and hair enrichment. On one hand it is more than effective for daily usage. The natural oils of ones hair get reduced away in mere seconds with this frothy, minty lather that appears so smoothly.  This is great if you have naturally oily hair. Yet if your hair is super fine,Look, if you are considering Baxter products anyways, you must obviously care about your hair. If you are on the oily side, go for this in a heartbeat. If not, buy it anyways and only use four times a week for that perfect rest and release of hair oil.
First things first, I would not advise ANYBODY to use this shampoo DAILY. Everybody should make it a habit to skip a wash once every two days. It will help build up the natural oils in your scalp and let it reach the hair shaft. Not to mention, this shampoo tends to dry your hair much more than other shampoos.The minty scent is also not MILD as advertised. It's rather strong and almost overwhelming, so much so that it has made me want to close my eyes on more than one occasion (as if I was peeling an onion).The shampoo also doesn't produce much lather, so you will most likely end up finishing it much quicker. I did see some volume, but that took more than two weeks to show. Just remember that a Protein Shampoo will not promote hair growth. It will only help with repairing and mostly strengthening.
I've been buying this shampoo since the old formulation and bottle decades ago. While normally, I could care less about shampoo, this one ain't bad. No fruity smell, does the trick and overall, I think it's worth buying.
I find Baxter of California Daily Protein Shampoo to be best when used once or twice a week or when my hair gets really dirty.It pumps out well and has a minty smell, sort of like other products that have Tea Tree Oil but perhaps more minty. If lathers, cleans and rinses out well, but if you leave it on too long, there's a definite tingling sensation on your scalp. To me, I like this part as it gives you a sense that it's working. Indeed, your hair comes out completely clean - though in my case, perhaps a little too clean. I have dry, brittle hair and although the Baxter of California shampoo helped get it thoroughly clean, it did tend to make my hair even more dry and brittle looking than it usually is, even when I use a good conditioner after shampooing.Worth a try if your hair gets really dirty, or if you like a strong, deep cleaning shampoo.
I have very dry brittle thinning hair. I'm in the look out for a shampoo that cleans my hair well but gentle. I'm ok with the quality of the shampoo. Here's the run down.I admit the first time i used this shampoo I didnt find it anything special. On a scale of 5 I would've given it 2. It was really the bottom of average on my scale. I have decided to use it few times to get a better judgement. Motto mention i wanted to give an accurate vine review. After using it for few days along with my conditioner I found myself improving my first impression.The pump bottle isn't something I look forward to, so naturally I opted for opening up the cap and squeeze the shampoo out. So can't really comment on the quality of the pump. However i found the minty smell to be less offending and unisex (after all I ordered the shampoo mistakenly thinking its for the ladies). The shampoo is thick and leather up really well. I did have a clean feeling after washing my hair, although it didnt clean like my prescription shampoo but it wasnt harsh like that either. Especially with the conditioner My hair was still soft and manageable. That is something very hard for me to achieve.Overall i found it to be an ok shampoo. It works well with the conditioner. 3.5 star for the shampoo alone and an additional half star for their excellent conditioner as a pair. Looks like i know what I will be buying my dad for shampoo and conditioner.
I ordered this hoping that it would be a sulfate-free shampoo since I tend to be sensitive to sulfates (I get itchy from them).  It is not, but it does not make me itchier so I used it for a number of days.  The scent is lightly minty, it does not lather up too much and my hair was definitely soft and manageable afterward.  The pump bottle squirts out a small amount of shampoo - you don't risk pouring out way too much shampoo that way!
This shampoo is reminiscent of a Malin + Goetz shampoo ((Malin + Goetz) Peppermint Shampoo), only not as strong.  (Personally, I prefer the stronger mint smell of the Malin + Goetz version, but to each his own.)  Nevertheless, the Baxter shampoo works well.  It doesn't lather up overmuch, but gives my scalp a nice tingle.Some reviewers, I noticed, slammed this product for containing parabens, which have been linked to cancer (like just about everything else on the planet).  If parabens are a concern of yours, there are alternatives you can seek out, like Burt's Bees products (supposedly).  Caveat emptor.
I love the soft mint scent and retro-styled, but convenient, pump bottle of this shampoo. I hate the strong rotten fruit smells so popular in inexpensive shampoos, and hate paying a lot for a product that is pretty generic. This cleans very gently, but left my hair squeaking clean. I have baby fine hair, though, and it left my hair pretty limp, as if if it had been washed in baby shampoo.It doesn't lather much, which you have to expect in a &#34;natural&#34; shampoo. It leaves your hair soft, shiny and clean. If you have limp hair, though, expect to add product. I did not need any conditioner, either!
I had never tried Baxter products before, and this was a nice surprise!  It has a nice minty smell, and lathers nicely without drying out your scalp.  A great shampoo!
I'm a very big fan.  I'm not much of a reviewer, so this must be a good product.  The $15 price tag is well worth it considering the quality of the product.  A little bit goes a long way, so I imagine that this smaller container could easily compete with a bulk shampoo/conditioner product.Do your hair a favor and use this product.
I've been using Baxters of CA since when they had the old bottles and formulas and it was hard to find. The new formulas are better and this shampoo is good.Two negatives: it is overpriced and the bottle size seems smaller in volume than the older bottles.Overall, it is a good selection for men's shampoo.
This shampoo smells really great -- like peppermint, which is a nice thing to smell when you're in the shower.
My husband is using this and I noticed a difference in the texture of his hair.  He says it makes his scalp tingle and really cleans, bringing out the natural wave in his oily hair a little more.  But it may be a little too drying, so it's not a product he'd use in the winter.  Great for summer, though, so he says he would use this again.
Shampoo has a very pleasant scent reminiscent of eucalyptus.  A small amount seemed sufficient and after rinsing my hair was squeaky-clean.  I think it is advisable to use a conditioner after shampooing, especially if you tend to have dry hair.
I have been using regenapure, which I like for its lack of sulfides. I don't think I will change. The peppermint scent is a little medicinal, which is enough for me not to come back. Still, my hair is very soft and silky after using this, so if you don't mind the scent, you may like it.I can't say if it helps with hair fall, because I haven't been using it long enougn.
While this shampoo smells almost exactly like a mint moutwash, it leaves your hair with a nice and fresh scent and feel and not overly scented, which is good. It did not seem to dry out my hair either.I'm not typically very picky about the shampoo that I use so I can't say I have necessarily found a new favorite one, however nothing sticks out as a negative for me with this shampoo other than the fact that it is a bit high priced, although a little does seem to go a long way.
Ok...so I know this shampoo is geared towards men, but I decided to try it myself anyway. I love the smell of this shampoo, a nice minty smell and makes your scalp tingle a little bit too when applied. I have long fine hair and this shampoo is a little bit on the heavy side for my hair type. It does tend to weight it down. Almost feels like a residue left in my hair even after it is dry. It leaves my hair feeling soft and smooth though. Overall I like this shampoo and think it would be much better for people with shorter hair.
You need a base color under this polish, a nude or a neutral tone if your just wanting the glittery look. Lovely color, a bit pricey but still nice. Make sure you have the time to spend doing your nails because 1-it's a jelly base & 2-you need to take time if you want the larger pieces of glitter to be placed on your nail. Nice nail polish and I do recommend it because they're aren't many polishes(personally I've not seen one before) with blue and pink sparkles like this before and it's nice to have in a collection.This was my first Deborah Lippmann nail polish and I do like the formula of the polish and will purchase from the brand again, just not a glitter because it seems they tend to run a bit higher is price but again it's worth it.
Comparing &#34;Amazing Grace&#34; to &#34;Like a Virgin,&#34; you will find that &#34;Like a Virgin&#34; is more a cream white where &#34;Amazing Grace&#34; is a starch white.  The only problem with &#34;Amazing Grace&#34; is that it needs to be thinned as it is very thick.  Both are beautiful whites, just depends on the look your trying to achieve, i.e. french -- &#34;Amazing Grace.&#34;
This was my first &#34;expensive&#34; polish, and when I was putting it on I'll admit I was skeptical. Fifteen bucks and it took three coats for most of my nails and four for a couple? Plus a top coat. I was about ready to write a bad review. But I decided to wait and see how long it took to chip. I bet on three days, max.Let me tell you, I took off the nail polish before it chipped, and that was two and a half weeks later. I was amazed. I'd never had a polish that lasted that long and I was impressed.The color is a nice neutral nude. I have cool, fair skin and it worked well. I think it would be good as overall color or as part of a design (though you may have to go over it a few times for the color to be opaque).Overall, I'd recommend this color. 4/5 stars given, one taken off for the number of coats I had to put on.
I really like how the powder is applied with the smaller brush end - gives enough coverage but doesn't feel heavy.  The only thing I don't like about the brush is the quality of the brush hairs.  After washing, the brush hairs stiffened a bit so the first use after cleaning is a bit rough.
I love Stila. It's a nice weight and feels nice on the skin. Runs lighter than recommended shade which is usually the opposite problem I have with their makeup. I just add a bit of a darker color and it blends well. Much better prices on Amazon than department stores or Sephora.
This blush is great.  It goes on really smoothly even when you don't have time for moisturizer and full make-up underneath.  The color is nice too.
This is the second time I've purchased this product.  This rarely happens with makeup.  However, it is so convenient and works so well that I couldn't resist.  I apply with my fingers or with a brush, over foundation or directly on my cheeks.  Looks really natural, stays on all day.  Also the case is great- it never breaks and the mirror is handy.  This color in particular is very nice (I have a natural beige tone of skin).  My last one of these lasted almost a year!
Love the color!  Goes on smooth and lasts!
I am a pale, freckled redhead, and this color is great.  Peachy in tone.  Sometimes I have to put on more that I would like to deposit enough color.  This lasts for a long time.  It is a cream, so if you're looking for a powder, this is not for you.
This is my first cr&egrave;me blush and lip tint.  I'm medium tan and I like the lillium color.  It's not too bright and a little goes a long way.  Since easing into a BB cream and using less makeup this is perfect for the natural look.
i just used it once. it is good for moisture, but it is a very little hurt on my face. I am not sure if it is because this is the first time I use it. And there is no sponge coming with it.
The product was ok. I have sensitive skin. I don't break out after using this mask. But there is tingling sensation after applying it.
My skin is a little sensitive, but this one works well. I gave 4/5 only because of the price. Just after I ordered one, the seller decided to decrese the price! What a pity. If you want to buy one, wait and compare the price!
I try it once and feel good. It feels like peppermint on your face. Not too dry. I use it with moisturizer. Good to use.
i used this product in my hometown. but it expansive than my hometown. however, i have to speak this product is very well!
I like this eyelash definer because it is a nice size (not too big and bulky) and does a good job of removing mascara clumps from lashes. I also like the fact that it comes in a soft plastic case for everyone's protection!
I love this tool so much but 3 of the lash defines have come out. But it's really great if you want the perfect separated lash with no mascara clump.
Gives great even coverage. I don't wear foundation often, especially liquid unless it's an occasion. This I can use more daily and it lasts! Really great even coverage.
I really like this powder because of its great coverage and it seems to be of really good quality. I only wish it lasted longer... i dont use much when i wear it and its run out pretty quickly. I have fair skin and this color worked well. I am very picky about powders because of their drying effects on skin but once ive applied a light moisturizer i have had no problem with that issue. hope this helps!
I quite like this eyeliner but it dries out so quickly that it becomes unusable WAY before it runs out.The good: the liner stays put on my oily lids, which until now manage to eat up all but the most waterproof liner. It applies very intense color (the grey is nice and dark), and it is possible to get a very sharp, crisp line as well as a smudge. If it didn't have the drying out problem, it would be an easy 5 stars. It can be challenging to apply, but I find it easier than liquid liners. If you can do liquid liner and have a decent eyeliner brush (I use the MAC angled one), you can use this easily. I wear contacts and it has never bothered me (Although it can, at times, flake off once it is dried out). It removes easily with waterproof eye makeup remover, and a bit less easily with non-oily eye makeup remover.The bad: it dries out in the pot over time (not that long!) and becomes a hard cake that hurts to apply. It shrinks down and pulls away from the sides of the jar, dipping the brush in water does not do much to help at that point. The first Smudge Pot that I bought was completely dried out when I opened it brand new, thus requiring me to exchange it. The next one was fine at first but significantly dried out after a few months even though I have been careful to close it immediately after dipping the brush in. Based on reading reviews about the drying problem, I didn't even keep it open during application but reopened it every time I needed more product, which is a bit tedious.  Furthermore, it dries out in seconds on the brush as you are applying, requiring you to wash the brush to get rid of the hard, caked-on liner in order to continue with application on the second eye.When it's new, this is a wonderful liner. But now that it's dried out, I'd have to repurchase. This is a waste of money since most of the liner is unused, and the liner is expensive. I am not sure if I'm willing to spend the money to replace it.
You def. need the right brush for this product. I suggest Sephora for such a purchase. However, when this item is on it is staying on, it does not smudge when it is dried, even if you sweat....Overall, great purchase and worth the money spent.
It is good except the  color is a little bit too dark. I thought i would be somewhat sparkle for I knew the product from youtube makeup tutorial and it looks darker than the one the person what uses in the video. But anyway it is good.
Will last a long time! Goes on easy with eyeliner brush. Lasts all day without smudging. I do put on urban decay primer first.
Love this eyeliner, color is perfect ( I ordered the bronze ) it's like a REAL brown with some shimmer.  Does not come off all day.....WORKS!
Ive been using smudge pots for at least a few years & love them, i think its super easiest eyeliner to use thats versatile and looks really good. I love that they last forever too, the only problem is a little goes such a long way that the remaining product dries up after several months (and does NOT apply well once it kind of dries up). So really one smudge pot could last me over a year if the container was able to preserve it longer.
I really like the light weight feel of this foundation. I can smooth out my skin tone and remove any redness with little foundation. I love that once applied it does not feel like it's caked on there.Unfortunately, the packaging is quite cheap, especially for the price. The plastic is thin, and I sometimes feel like it could break when I'm unscrewing the lid.
So here's the reason for 4 stars on the best foundation I've ever used: the product itself is fabulous, feels so light and unique in it's texture and goes on beautifully, not cakey and blends right in, but...1. I have to fight to get it open each time (doesn't get easier with time)2. it doesn't come with an applicator brush or sponge (for the price, I think that's ridiculous)3. the price is so prohibitive, I don't know how many people can afford to spend this much on a foundation (I can't)I understand that due to the products moisture qualities that it needs to be stored in an airtight container, but there are lots of airtight containers I open which don't involve a struggle each time.Fix the container, throw in an applicator and make the price a bit more reasonable, and I would definitely be posting a 5 star review.
Rating this foundation has been a bit of a challenge.  I am experienced in using a lot of different makeup foundations, as I am a makeup artist.  One thing that can make all of the difference in the world is to have the correct color.  You can have the nicest texture, but the incorrect color can throw off the way that foundation looks a great deal.This color (bisque) is not the correct color for me.  I tried it on several people before I found someone that was an okay match so that I could evaluate it more precisely.WHAT IS THIS FOUNDATION LIKE?This foundation comes in a flat pan which has a lock cap on it.  Despite the lock cap, it is not as air tight as I would like it to be.  The foundation itself is a cool creamy feeling pan of foundation that has very little odor to it and no added fragrance.  There is good pigmentation.HOW DO YOU APPLY THIS FOUNDATION?The best way to apply this foundation after much experimentation is to use a Beauty Blender sponge which is dampened and then bounced onto the face (after moisturizing skin) using the various shaped curves of the blender.  Using a brush does not seem to make the finish go on as smoothly.  Using fingers does not apply the foundation evenly enough.When using the Beauty Blender (or similar sponge) dampened, this is good for multiple reasons.  It causes the foundation to melt nicely and evenly into the skin, leaving a very natural type finish.  Using the dampened sponge also extends the life of the product which tends to dry out over time, making it more difficult to apply.HOW DOES THIS FOUNDATION PERFORM?Although the color was off so much that I found this foundation unflattering, the texture and surface of the foundation is nice.  It does melt into the skin, leaving a very natural finish.  Using with the Vincent Longo Water Canvas Primer does help it to look even a bit nicer, but I also used it with Lorac Aquaprime primer (used under moisturizer), and Swanson Vitamins Hyaluronic Acid serum under moisturizer primer with equally good results.The foundation stayed on well all day into the night and did not seem to settle into the creases or turn uneven through the day. I did not experience any oxidizing of the foundation (turning orange) either.Removal was easy with Yes to Blueberries cleansing cloths and did not leave any problems with residue, as well as Yes to Blueberries Cream Cleanser and Clarisonic.PROSNatural FinishGood for mature skin or younger skinWhen applied with damp sponge, airbrush finishNo fragranceCleans of wellStays on all dayCONSExpensiveInexpensive style container (should be nicer for that money)Container not as airtight as should beNot sure if they have the correct color for my skin tone (which is important)May not work well on some oily skinAll in all this is a nice textured foundation.  When applied with a dampened Beauty Blender, it looks very natural, does not settle into the creases, and does not seem to oxidize.  I am not sure that anyone with oily skin would do well with this, but normal to dry skin would do well with it.  I would recommend a primer with it, but only a water based one.  I particularly liked the Hyaluronic acid serum under moisturizer combination best.For the price, this foundation should be in a nicer container.  I can see this drying out before you finish the pan of makeup.  I only wish I had been given the correct color to test as it really was unflattering on me.  It is difficult to test a foundation that looks so obvious on the skin.I have given this four stars due to texture, application, time of wear, and performance for the price.
I gave this product to my wife and this is what she has to say about it:My first impression was that such a pricey foundation product does not even come with an applicator. The packaging looks fairly cheap too.The product has a good quality feel to it. It is wet to the touch. When applying with a sponge, I have to press hard in order to get it on the sponge, but it seems to dry instantly on my face. It feels light and looks quite flawless with no visible lines. It also looks natural and smooth. There is no visible build-up. It lasts throughout the most of the day. I generally use it once in the morning.Overall, this is a high quality product, made in Japan, although it would have been better if it came with an applicator.
My girlfriend has been using this foundation and she likes the consistency and the feeling of it on her face while wearing it. She said it blends in with her skin tone well and feels its moisturizing benefits.It 's staying powder was adequate wearing through an eight hour work day just fine.The one problem was that application took longer than with  fluid foundations. Because she isn't used to applying cream foundation. She was happy with the matte finish.On the whole, aside from application, she has been satisfied with the product.
This is super nice but with a magnifying mirror I could see it was on top of my skin and the pores were obvious. So what it needs is some moisturizer or something wet to smooth into the pores and not be makeup-y looking. Other than than, great. Very nice compact.
I found this product comparable to the BB cream that I've been using. It is lightweight, and easy to build up in certain areas where you might need a bit of concealment. It's just a bit too lightweight for winter use for me, though it might be perfect for summer usage. It can also be hard to get it open and to make sure it is tightened correctly. No scent that I could detect, and even though I have sensitive and dry skin, it did not make me break out or dry out.
This foundation is a cream that turns into a powder on the skin. It is light to medium coverage--I'd say light, when applied with a brush and medium if you use a makeup sponge. But there is no sponge or brush included and there is no compartment to store a sponge. The bisque color is a medium, yellow-toned beige. If you are very pink and want a cooler toned color, this may be a bit more yellowish than you'd need--it's hard to tell the shades online. It worked well on my skin tone.The compact is a bit hard to open the first time; it is tight because it dries out if not closed completely. There are two detents: one as you initially unscrew the lid, then a second one about a centimeter or two after as you continue to turn. So after you pass the first stop, you still can't open it--you have to continue past the next one and then the lid will lift off. This is supposed to make a good seal when you close it again--twist past the two stops.The consistency is light and soothing, very cool-feeling. It goes on almost like water or lotion but changes to a semi-matte powder. It makes my skin feel very natural.  It is not drying, but it also doesn't make my skin feel shiny, so it would work for oily complexions more so than liquid foundations. I have not had any negative reaction to this foundation yet--and it doesn't have a strong perfume, so it seems to suit a sensitive skin.On the downside, there is not a lot in the compact (maybe 2-3 month's worth at most) so I think it is on the expensive side.
Very sheer coverage in this creme to powder foundation from Vincent Longo. I usually use a liquid mineral powder, so this was the exact opposite for me.  The compact seals tightly and fits nicely into the palm of your hand. A faint scent that is not too over powering. I am very translucent and found this to be a good match for my skin in winter. I do need to use a moisturizer underneath as it did cake a bit around my eyes because my skin is so dry this time of year. I'm excited to try it in summer, where I'm sure the sheer coverage will be more welcome!Edited to add: I used a standard make-up sponge to apply and had no problem.
This makeup feels weird.  If I were rich I might buy it just to poke it with my finger.  It's kind of fun that way.  It reminds me of a cold gel shoe insert- it is VERY different.It actually is a seaweed based product so it is mostly water with the pigment suspended in it.  This is the most natural looking makeup I've ever worn.The color is great.  I used Bisque # 5 on my fair skin.  Usually I would go for an ivory but the bisque is what was offered.  It works great - I suspect it will indeed work well over a variety of skin tones in the light to medium range because it is so very translucent.I am aging and have some fine lines when I first wake up, and this does not do a thing for them.  IN fact, it maybe makes them look a bit worse.  I think this product would be better on younger women.  It is non-comeodogenic, and hypoallergenic, fragrance free and - I like this one - CRUELTY FREE.It is made in Japan.The product comes in a container that looks a bit inexpensive at first glance, but when I consider it carefully, it is a container that is designed to keep the product very moist.  The container locks to a seal and has a pad at the top to help keep the moisture IN the container.STUPID ME did not know how to go about using it.  I did not read the ample instructions that came with it.  That's just my style.  So I sat there poking this weird feeling makeup, giggling, until I poked a hole right in the top of it.  I later found out that was a no-no, but other than making it look ugly sitting in the container, the makeup is still working fine.I've put this on with my fingers, a Bobbi Brown stippling brush, and a sponge.  Of all the methods I've used, I like putting this particular one on with my fingers best.  Besides the strange poking addiction I have with it, I actually found that using my fingers give me a very, very nice finish with this product.  There's never a line of demarcation - it just blends right in.  I don't need powder either.  It's just very natural, with great coverage that is really amazing considering how little pigment is actually going on your face.  It's very unusual makeup.  It covers REDNESS like a dream!I developed some shine but only after about 4 hours.  This makeup lasts on me as long as the Vincent Longo blush does - about 14 hours in cold weather.  That's all I've got to test it in, it will be interesting to see how it will do in Georgia's hot, humid summers.I'm only giving it 4 stars though because it doesn't do much to hide fine lines.  My face is fairly smooth but I do have those lines, and this product seems to settle in to them a bit and does nothing.  It might be better with primer but I did not test this with it, so I can't say.  I did use moisturizer under the product.  If your skin looks smooth and young, this foundation should even up your skin tone and make you look fabulous.  If discoloration and making your tone more even aren't your only concerns, you might want to try something else.
This is a great foundation, good coverage, long lasting, great finish. It was a little tricky to apply at first, but worth the effort, I tried with my fingers first, then a brush and found it was best for me to use a damp sponge.  I wish a sponge applicator was either included with this compact or that there was a space to add one.  Does not clog pores, provides a flawless, long lasting finish.I had a difficult time opening this the first time.  My son was able to get it open after a couple tries.  The lid has an airlock seal, which is to keep this fresh and moist, however, if someone has arthritis this would be a real issue.  This compact needs improvement to justify the cost.
First of all, this does not come with a brush or &#34;sponge&#34; thing. You either have to buy a brush/sponge separate or use your fingers. I used a brush. I must say I found it difficult to apply and spread. Not much seems to stick to the brush and it took many applications to get anything even remotely like a light layer of makeup to my skin.That being said, once applied, it dries to a very nice finish. This particular color will go on a variety of skin tones from light to medium. But while it may be good for oily skin, it does nothing to hide the shine.I don't doubt for a moment that it contains microwater as it felt wet when I applied it.I have sensitive skin and did not break out while wearing this, but in all honesty I can't say anything about it impressed me to the point I'd make this my daily makeup choice.
I was super worried when I ordered this that the color would be too pinky for my reddish toned skin but this has a really nice tint to it.  I use Vincent Longo Water Base before application.  I tried three ways to use this:  Once with a foundation brush (which was awkward) and then with a dry sponge, finally with a damp sponge ( I used a face cloth to take most of the water out of it).  The best application was with a lightly damp sponge.  This provides a light coverage and if you are looking for something heavier, this probably won't work for you.  I can see that this will be amazing for summer when I have a bit more oil in my very dry skin.  I did really like how this felt (super light) and how it looked once I got the hang of a good application.  I normally use a liquid foundation so this was a bit of a change for me.
This is a great foundation that was really lightweight and easily blendable.  It went right into my wife's skin, and she loved the fact that it felt silky.  It combined excellently with the VINCENT LONGO Water Canvas Blush, and came in a small & convenient compact that was easy to throw into my wife's bag.The line has a lot of colors, but the bisque seems to be one of those colors that could work for a lot of different women.The only downside to this was that when applied with a foundation brush (as recommended) but without using Vincent Longo Water Canvas primer (recommended for longevity) it evaporated.  My wife is going to try using this with the primer to see if it really does last longer, but without it, by the end of the day it had evaporated to the point where she had no makeup to take off (which could be a bad thing).It's such a lightweight coverage, it's easy to see this being someone's goto everyday makeup.Oh, and it's a bit chinsy for this to come without an application sponge and make users order that separately.
If you're accustomed to creams, lotions, and powders, this interesting microwater foundation formula -- the company calls it &#34;Water Canvas&#34; -- will surprise you. It's spongy and springy -- if you can imagine that mermaids have some little sea creature they use to even out their skin tones, this could be it.Use a brush (synthetic bristles are less likely to leave you with crumbs of foundation and bristles in the product) or a sponge to apply this foundation. Patting and building up layers of coverage will work better than trying to sweep it across your skin, because it is dry rather than creamy. I'd say it requires a bit more time and skill to apply well than other formulations. It gives you a natural look and a powder finish. You won't feel it after application.The packaging is great. An airtight, lock-tight lid makes it easy to carry and good for travel, though there's no mirror. The company makes a travel compact with mirror and you can use this product as a refill for it.The product is made with wholesome ingredients. It's hypoallergenic, fragrance free, and cruelty free, and boasts sunscreen, though it seems as though the coverage might be too light to really protect.
I rated Vincent Longo water canvas creme to powder foundation 4 stars because it is a nice foundation. It slides smoothly and looks nice, it has a light coverage. I apply it using Eco tools brush.I am not impressed with the cheap packaging, even Loreal has nicer, sturdier packaging.Overall, I'm not sure this tiny product is worth the high price when you could get other brands like Bare minerals or Laura Mercier etc.
I have only applied this foundation using a brush so I cannot speak to other application methods. I have some age spots and red blotches on my face that are most noticeable during the winter months. I liked that this foundation smoothed and evened out my complexion quite nicely. I also liked that it didn't seem to settle in my fine lines, as I predicted. The only downside that was that the nicest aspects (evening out of skin tone, masking redness, etc.) of this foundation didn't seem to last as long as the liquid Cover Girl foundation I usually use in the winter. I found myself applying touchups (with the makeup brush) a couple times per day and then had to lightly reapply my cream blush for some color.Very nice product and I have recommended its use to friends.
I love this product, but to be honest, I think it is for those with few skin problems like dryness or constant breakouts.  The coverage is outstanding and it looks flawless when it sets, however, if my face is dry in certain areas or if I'm having a "bad skin" day, it can enhance it, which is why I gave it a four.  Be sure to use a light moisturizer prior to use.
I like these eyeshadows I have two of them I really like. I have Harmony and Cocca. They are very similar but both look great. Cocca is a light brown with a slight salmon under tone. And harmony is a salmon with a slight brown under tone. I think they are very buttery and very pigmented eyeshadows. But they don't feel as good quality as Urban Decay.
Love the quality of this shadow and they stopped carrying it at my local Sephora.  So glad Amazon carries it and at a cheaper price too!
It is a beautiful lipstick and I love how it glides on my lips. It is soft and long-lasting. I love how it doesn't make my lips look &#34;old.&#34; It does hydrate my lips and the color stays on for a long time. I love lipstick and lip glosses and this is the first time I have ever tried Jouer and so far, I like this brand. I normally don't spend this much on lipstick as a mom of tweens, I just don't have the time to even swipe on lipstick before rushing out the door. I might reconsider that decision now that I have tried this brand.The only problem I have with this is that Vine gave me this shade, which is a lot brighter and a lot pinker than what it seems on the screen of my computer. I am not a bright pink lipstick kind of lady ... I am more into the roses and mauves. So fair warning, this shade is a bit brighter than what it seems on the computer screen.Other than that, I am pleased with this product. Who knows? Maybe the bright pink will grow on me.4/23/14
First the color:Looks fuchsia in the tube but on my pigmented lips it has a Violet tinge. Nice bright shade for the summerFinish: not glossy, not matte. A very nice natural finishColor payoff: nice intensity with one swipe, two swipes gets you intense colorFormula: Lovely! Not drying, but wouldn't call this super moisturizing, very comfortable wear.lWear time: 4 hours with some fadingNo scent and no flavor.Overall a nice formula but $$ seems steep, so one star deducted.If it was not for the price, I would definitely buy other colors.
This is likely the most luxurious lipstick I have ever tried. I previously did not have a favored brand, I've used Loreal, Max Factor, Lancme, and Est&eacute;e Lauder with no real favor to a brand, just the color.  I've had such dry lips recently, Chapstick, EOS, and my other lipsticks just weren't working in the moisturizing category, let alone keeping any added color on my dry lips.  This does! And my lips feel silky and nourished, this particular color, Whitney is a bit more in the pink/white brightened pigments than I care for (very Spring like and probably better on a Lighter-Blonde, I'm a red head, so I , as I usual have to applied a much darker shade and blended a bit to make it a wearable color for me.  Honestly this lipstick feels wonderful on. I have just ordered a second, darker color, "Sophia" more my usual color.  I gave this four stars because the color came out quite a bit lighter than what was pictured here on Amazon, "Whitney" is a very pink shade.  Overall the lipstick itself is velvety smooth, holds color very well and feels wonderful on my lips.
This product holds moisture exceptionally well and the color lasts all day.  I'm not sure it's worth $20 a stick but it is good lipstick.
I really liked this JOUER HYDRATING LIPSTICK in the color Whitney.  (Whitney is a very bright shade of light pink...something you might have seen in the sixties.)  Whitney works well with my skin tone (especially if I have a tan), so I really lucked out there.  JOUER HYDRATING LIPSTICK glides on smoothly, does not dry out my lips, and it stays where I put it - no color bleeding outside my lip line.  It has a very nice creamy texture, as opposed to the slippery, slick texture of a gloss.  The color has real staying power, and I do not need to reapply as often as I do with other brands.JOUER HYDRATING LIPSTICK keeps my lips soft and supple while lasting all day long.  Works for me!
I like this color. It's a slightly cool, bright pink.  It is also very buildable.  The first swipe is pretty light, but you can get a really intense color.  It also lasts well.  On my best day, it lasted through the entirety of my work day, including a meal and a cup of coffee.  You can easily go four hours with minimal fading.The one downside is that it's slightly patchy.  There's a tendency for the lipstick to pill as the day went on.  Not hard to fix, but not perfect either.I'd be willing to try another color in this line based on Whitney's performance.
This is my third lip product from Jouer.The case is elegant looking, and the shade Whitney, I have a medium complexion, not too light or too dark.  I love this shade, I find it very flattering.  A not too dark or too light shade of pink.  It also feels very moisturizing on my lips, Iam sure due to Brazil's Cupuacu Butter, and Vitamins A & E.  It is also paraben free.
This is a nice lipstick, but the color doesn't look at all nice with my skin shade.  My skin has been described as caramel with yellow undertones.  I tried the Whitney shade and found it looked very unattractive with my skin tone.As for the lipstick itself, it has staying power and did not need refreshing during the day.  It's creamy, but did not feel particularly moisturizing.  However, it was comfortable and the overall finish was nice.  It looked high quality - just the wrong shade for me.I would be interested in trying a different shade, but would probably supplement it with a little lip balm for moisturizing purposes.
This is a rich, moist traditional lipstick that will see you through the morning even if you have a cup of coffee or two. (Reapply after lunch.) I'm giving it four stars because it has a rather heavy feel, like Chapstick, but it also hydrates and protects your lips like Chapstick, so this may not be a bad thing.There are dozens of colors; the names give no clue to the color, so you have to rely on your monitor to give you accurate color info. The brand website does have color descriptions, so you might want to pick your shade there (or at the make up counter) and come back here for your refills.Nice packaging!
For years I've been more of a gloss and balms kind of gal but lately I've really wanted to move toward more lipstick wear to look more polished and put together. But finding a lipstick that doesn't get dry and rub off within an hour is proving difficult. I live in a very dry climate so moisture is a must in any lip product. While Jouer Hydrating Lipstick wasn't very moisturizing it went on smooth, had a nice finish and didn't feel too dry or too goopy.The color I received, however, left a lot to be desired. Whitney is a very blue toned Barbie pink. I've got skin that runs fair-to-light and has neutral undertones so it wasn't hideous but I did not care for it. It's very... Nicki Minaj. lol Just not my personal cup of tea. I would definitely try this again in a hue closer to what I like, perhaps Kate, Ava, or Lola.
This goes on well, and stays on reasonably well (if not truly long-lasting). I like the gold tube, even. The color was a much lighter pink than I expected, even though I viewed it on two different monitors before ordering, and I'm not thrilled with how it looks on me. I also prefer a smoother finish than this provides.But this is still a solid four-star product, provided you know this is the color you want.
This is more of a rose pink..kind of like bazooka bubblegum when you first open the wrapper!  I prefer a darker shade but this looks  good on and for what it makes my lips feel like..it was worth ordering.  I don't think I've ever had a lipstick that I put on at 6am, drank coffee off and on and finally ate some late lunch...still can feel the protection on my lips.  They're soft and smooth and I haven't reapplied during the day.  I can't really notice that the color is still there but my lips feel &#34;coated&#34; and soft and smooth as I said.  I'm thinking all the colors may be a bit lighter than what they show up as online.
I got "Don't Tell Mama" as part of the "Trendsetter" gift set from another store and I first must say that I really love the quality of Deborah Lippmann nail polishes. They have great shine even without a top coat and they apply so well. As for the color, "Don't Tell Mama" dries a little darker than I would have anticipated, to the point where it looks black indoors under most light; that's why I'm giving this nail polish four stars. I will spend the extra money to buy Deborah Lippmann polishes in the future. I am generally an OPI and Essie fan, but I think I have converted!
Love the color! It's the reason why I bought it. I saw this at Sephora and they were sold out. I'm glad I found it on Amazon! I also noticed that with this particular brand, the coat lasts longer than ones found in other cosmetic stores.
This is a beautiful rich color, covers well, and lasts a long time without chipping.  It's rather pricey and I have seen several others in mass market outlets that were less expensive that would probably work just as well.
Lavender, frosted, hard-to-find shade co-developed by Ms. Lippmann and Zac Posen. Given the nearly absolute lack of metallic lavender polishes (I've tried the Essie &#34;Nothing Else Metals&#34; but it lacks sheen), I'm a bit confused as to why they'd discontinue the color, at least in terms of brick+mortar stores. Pretty, moderate staying power.
Menscience Androceuticals was kind enough to provide a bottle for sample and review. Note that this face wash is generally most effective as part of a larger facial care kit along with a scrub, brush and lotion.The lotion does contain salicyclic acid, so if you are sensitive to that I suggest looking elsewhere.  However you won't find a more effective face wash for managing breakouts.  Using it once every morning as part of my shower has yielded solid management and kept my skin from gettinng any bumps or breakouts.  If I stop using it, even for two days, I'll start  seeing bumps again.The only real downside is the smell.  It's not horrible or pungent, just smells like plastic or something 'chemical' if that makes sense.  Hopefully they will consider making the formula without any sort of smell in the future, but I know sometimes it's unavoidable.Still recommended, and again, best used with the scrub and brush.
my favorite face wash. price is a little steep but im willing to pay because i like it. i found that it works better than many others that ive tried. its not drying but cleans well.
This face wash does a good job of cleaning your skin and keeping it in a good condition. During winter use it with a face lotion or your skin will get too dry. Overall it is a nice product and I would recommend it!
My skin feels super clean and fresh after I use this product. It has that weird medicinal smell but it does magic on your face. Very good cleanser. Recommended for men
This is a very good product.  It cleans well, without heavy perfumes or scents.  It's very good for dry climates -- keeps my face from drying out and getting flaky.  Use it once every morning and after workouts.
This is still one of the best face scrubs, however it used to be the best before they changed the formula some time back.  I have since switched brands because of it.
First of all, I'm not a dermatologist, I'm just a heterosexual guy with sensitive skin who has tried many products and done a lot of research in the search of the right products.  I offer reviews of Clinique, zirh, menscience, art of shaving and baxter of California, hope my reviews are helpful.this product is a great scrub, it really makes a difference on the skin.  My skin feels very smooth and bright (not shiny). the downside is that you have to use a sun screen while using this product or you'll get a huge skin burn.  Nothing major, but it's a bit annoying knowing that you have to use it.  I only scrub once a week because of this
not perfumy, and it works well to make your face feel like new every morning.  Good part on my morning routine.
leaves my skin feeling really smooth
This lotion works. Face feels soft after application. The tube does last long but for me i cant put it on right before bed because it seems to keep me awake. Most likely the green tee. Smells light and absorbs fast.
I've bought the whole menscience line and their products are very good. I've been using Lab Series for many years and decided to try something different. I'm going back to Lab Series for a couple of the items because they fit my skin better. The Advanced face lotion is a bit too light for me to be used alone without the anti-aging serum. I also did not like that almost everything in menscience has a alpha hydroxy.
I travel a lot and sometimes the water is very hard and air is very dry.  I've used an array of other face lotions/moisturizers in the past but they have all seemed to clog my pores in some way or another which result in blemishes or pimples.  This face lotion is perfect.  It's light, non-greasy, and does an awesome job at keeping my skin moisturized without causing blemishes or clogging my pores.  It is pricey, but a small amount lasts a long time--well worth the money.
very good lotion and it absorbs quickly, and doesnt leave a greasy feeling.I do have two minor negatives to bring up, the moisturizing doesn't feel like it lasts as long as other lotion I've used. And this product is supposed to be scentless, but it has a weird chemical smell to it. While this smell is not intrusive, I would prefer to have a light scent of something nice (lemon/sandal wood) than have a "scentless" product that smells like chemical. Once they come up with a formula/scent to mask this chemical smell, it would be a 5 star product.
We all can agree this lotion is super expensive!but is it worth it?In my opinion.. yes!I have been looking for a good face lotion that wouldn't go on all greasy, wouldn't leave a residue and would keep my skin hydrated and smooth. This product delivers what it promises. It is one of the only products out there that has it all.. AHA/BHA/Hyaluronic Acid/Glycerin/Green Tea and your main antioxidant Vitamins A, C, E. The only thing i wish it had is an SPF.. that would make it complete.Though its on the expensive side, a small amount of this lotion will go along way, literally under a dime size will take care of your whole face! I recommend you purchase the item from the actual Menscience website, since they offer a money back guarantee..
very good product, helps keep my face look not so greasy for a longer period of time. The only reason Im not giving it 5 stars is because the price is high.
I researched ingredients favored in a facial anti-aging lotion & this seemed to have the most for the best price. My husband has been using it for awhile now & it really has improved his skin. We did also buy an eye cream by ROC that has retinol. Between the 2 there's been excellent results. Only thing I suggest is wearing a cologne or something with it. It has a slight scent but not like a real fragrance.
Have been using it for 2 years now.  I can't think of anything extra ordinary to say, but no complaints either.
Okay, when I got the bottle, it was smaller than I expected.Now, the product is pretty good. I'm asian, and I spent most my childhood in tropical climate so my skin is very oily all the time. Even in dry or cold days, my face turn even more oily to compensate. My problem with a lot of moisturizer are that they are sticky after applying which clogs my pores -which are quite large and visible- and I ended up with lots of blackheads.This product works very well. I felt to residue after applying. In fact, silky skin... which I never had... It is surprisingly good. Just absurdly expensive so use very sparingly. I also wish they have sun block with this, because of the high cheek bones, my cheeks turns red when spent time outside for too long and my skin in that region is very rough the next morning... Though application of this moisturizer negates that quite well.So, 5 stars for quality, 1 off for high prices.
This lotion absorbs well into the skin with no greasy feel or look. It is smooth and feels good on the skin. It would be 5 stars if it was less expensive. I am currently searching for comparable product that is less expensive.
This product does what it says it will do and unless someone personally introduces me to a better product, I will continue to use this lotion for a very long time.
It works very well. Very light and doesn't feel greasy. You don't have to use a lot of it each time, little amount will be enough and therefore it will last a long time. So you get your money's worth. I would recommend it!
I tried this and the Kiehl's Facial Fuel lotion. The MenScience brand definitely worked better for me, less greasy and light. My only complaint is it's too pricey, although a little goes a long way.
Great Product! I wish Men Science could send me a free one! I would recommend it to all my male friends.
This is a good body wash for men. The smell is not too fragrant like most store bought body washes. It is on the expensive side and you do have to use a lot of soap. It does leave my body clean and soft. I looked forward to continue using this body wash in the future. Another thing is, that I wish I could purchase this body wash in the store instead of having to wait for it through the mail.
This is a really good daily body wash that left me skin feeling super smooth and soft.  Very clean feeling.  The downside is it has a bit of a chemical smell.  I would prefer no scent or a scent that smells a bit better.  It is also expensive.I prefer to use the once a week product to deep clean my skin and get it smooth:[...]
This MenScience Daily Body Wash has been helping to balance my acne, but it's still not totally getting rid of my current acne.
This line of products is good...After I had a bout with chemo, off the self products didnt seem to work anymore...One day was on a mens magazine online and checked the reviews..Spent about 200.00 on a line..and that was history, wish I could use a less expensive product but until then, oh well...4 stars only, the wash doesn't lather well...
I find the shampoo to be a big improvement over the many store varieties that I have used over the years.  My hair feels light and clean.  I will continue using this!
...the directions include the advice: "shave in the shower".  Some may shave in the shower, but others (including me) prefer to save water and increase the precision of the time in the day when applying sharp metal to skin by standing in front a sink...and a mirror.As a shaving product, this gel expands very little in your hand or when applied to your face. Very smooth, and permits a close shave with minimal pulling and a very neutral scent. You'll notice a slightly oily feeling until fully rinsed from your hands and face.Long ago I discovered as a time saver that there was little difference between a directly-after-showering shave without shaving cream and a one with shaving cream. I employ this sometimes as a time-saver when running late. Given how long a can of "standard" shaving cream lasts, I never considered this approach to be a true money saver. As a result, I use it only when I'm pressed for time AND need a shave. The pricing of this product might change that equation!This "advanced shave formula" comes at a premium price compared with more common shaving products. You'll have to decide for yourself if the exotic pricing of this adds enough improvement over your shaving to make it worth it for you.Note: This item was provided for review purposes.
Effortless application and rewarding. Kind for those with sensitive skin. Makes shaving a pleasure especially for those who must use it daily.
I am very picky about things I use. Upon some time spending on finding a quality product and contemplating on getting expensive facial product, I can across MenScience. I read review of other users and gave it a try. This is the second shaving cream bottle I purchased (I originally bought a set that came with after shave treatment). It is a perfect product for me because:Pros:- Avoids cuts- Allows for a smooth shave (reduces shaving time)- Allows for close shave- No smell- Reduces frequency of shave (went from daily to every other day)- No in-grown hairCons:- The only that I can think of is no smell/ fragrance. I know some people may like to prefer to have some fragrance in their cream, so if that is something you are looking for, you might want to look for some other product.
Bought this product after my brother recommended it and it is working great so far.  I recently moved up north for work and with it being very cold, my skin tends to dry out more than it did in the south.  This product has helped get rid of my razor burn after I shave.
This post shave repair is very soothing, cooling, and most importantly does not sting my face after I shave. However, I would say that the post shave spray does clear up razor bumps and burns. The bottle of this razor repair is expensive but it will last you for a while. I may not purchase it again because there is another product that I use and like called SkinTight that I don't have to wait on and I can purchase it at Walmart - Mart. If you like MenScience products like me then this certainly will not disappoint and is worth the try and the money for those who don't mind the price.
I got this product for myself (female) because I was getting a lot of ingrown hairs/razor burn when I shaved my legs.  The product seems to be helping quite a bit.  It's a small bottle, but just a couple sprays on each leg is all I need.  Would recommend to anyone with razor burn/ingrown hairs.  (Also be sure to exfoliate each time before you shave).
Gave this to my husband for Christmas and he says he can definitely feel a difference after using only once. He has very thick hair and suffers from ingrown hairs all the time. He says that his face feels smoother and hasn't had and problems since using it. He also loves the smell.
I have not seen great results as of yet, and i've been useing it for several weeks (3 weeks so far). I will keep useing it and see how it goes.
I just expected another sticky, uncomfortable lip gloss that either smells bad or smells too sweet.  Stila's lip glaze is just right!  You have to turn the bottom and wait for it to come up through the brush applicator.  It goes on so smooth and light.  Your lips don't feel glued together like they do with some lip glosses.Apricot is the only color that I have tried, and it is pretty.  However, it is very expensive for lip gloss, and you don't get very much.
My favorite ASB so far. I just wish it didn't contain parabens. Other than that one minor issue, the stuff is great!
This is a very good after shave balm. My skin really reacts well to it. If you have used Every Man Jack, or Art of Shaving you may prefer this. You don't need much and it really reinvigorates my skin after shaving.
Great product from BOC. Just started to double edge shave and this after shave came highly recommended from a barber friend. Love the cooling/tingling sensation that almost immediately comes after applying. No alcohol which is good for not drying out skin. Also this aftershave does not leave you feeling greasy at all. It absorbs nicely.
This balm feels good to apply. I think the tube is going to last a long time. I feel some other reviews I read overrated it. It's nice, but it doesn't transform you life. I don't know why it needs to cost so much. If you the price was better it would get five stars.
I've been using this for a couple weeks now and I'm still on the fence. Great scent, reminiscent of wet-nap or moist-towelettes. The scent doesn't last very long and the product doesn't quite moisturize either... Which in turn, begs the question, "why use it?"
This product does still have some cool heat due to the menthal and tea tree. A Nivea replacement it is not. It is superior to Nivea once you get past the cooling heat feeling due to its soothing and longer term comfort.  Other balms leave my face either dry or coated 30 minutes after. I personally mix 1part Baxter and 2 parts aloe gel. If this came without the menthol it would be near perfect.
I placed an order through The Grooming Lounge based on the item description of 6.7oz. I got the 4oz. tube. After I informed them of the problem the very promptly explained the problem and corrected the listing on Amazon for future customers. The Grooming Lounge also extended an discount on my next purchase. It's good to know that some company's know that their greatest assets are the cumstomers.Baxter's is great too!!!
This is a pretty good after shave balm.  It has a great scent and it refreshes your skin.  I will definitely buy it again.
Works great. Really restores hands. After washing dishes I use it since I don't use gloves. Keeps my hands like I don't wash dishes.Hands feel a bit slippery for about 10 minutes after use. Refrain from using touch-devices and/or maybe keyboard or mouse. Will leave things a bit "slippery" and product will transfer from hands to object. Wait 10 minutes to fully absorb product.Don't recommend using before brushing teeth or shower. Don't wash hand for 20 minutes after apply will become more slippery.
Maybe I have weird skin, but this stuff doesn't seem to soak in as well as others have described. My iPad gets all greased up even after I've applied it 30 mins earlier.
My mother recommended this product for my eczema. SHe has it as well. It seems to help for the condition.
Sorry, no opinion - - it was a gift for someone else (long distance) and I went purely by prior ratings and reviews.
Bought this item for a friend. I wished this was in a bigger container. He said he liked it and it is already empty. Not enough time to decide if he really really liked it... but it was good enough..
My husband is not a lotion kind of guy, but he loves this lotion (got a sample for him) and now uses it every morning and night!
I used a small sample size of this hand cream.  The first week, all the skin on my hands pealed off.  So, it was clearly doing SOMETHING.  I'm just not sure what.  I read the reviews and it seems that it has stronger ingredients than typical hand creams and will heal very, very dry hands.  But I don't get the sense that it has anti-aging properties, which is what I am really looking for.  So, I will probably keep looking for a hand cream.  Or use my face creams on my hands.  Though my hands seem to have different issues than my face...
Every winter my husband complains of dry knuckles that crack and bleed and I always give him my leftover lotions which never seem to do the trick. For Christmas, I decided to try Jack Black's Industrial Strength Hand Healer, and he's very thankful I did!.
I have what people call very aged hands and dry.  This product has done wonders and I'm not constantly reapplying after washing.
I bought this for my husband, when I was ordering the Jack Black Lube Conditioning Shave product. He does a lot of wood-working, and his hands get very rough, and most lotions don't correct the situation, so I thought I'd see if this one would help. He has used it, and his hands are no longer so rough and cracked. He likes it. Based on that, I would recommend this product for men.
The product is excellent, but very expensive.  If it were less, I'd buy it agian.  Thank you, Mark Hays (Consumer)
This is a very effective hand cream for men. I bought this for my husband, and he has been using it daily. With the first use, there was a noticeable improvement in his hands. He's not crazy about the smell--eucalyptus, I think. It's pretty subtle, though.
My office is in a poorly insulated room inside of a warehouse and so my heater is constantly going in the winter which dries my hands out pretty badly. I needed something to keep my hands from drying up and cracking better than a regular lotion could. This works pretty well, but don't use too much of it as it seems to hang around even after washing up if you use too much. Overall, a very good product.
I love this lotion on my hands and only gave it four stars instead of five because it is quite expensive. However, it is far superior to other lotions I have used.
I would prefer if it we thicker.  Is not the best I have used  but I would buy it again.
I love the Dr. Brandt product line. The facial cleansers are great and non-drying. I hate the feeling of tightness after washing my face and you don't get that with the Pores No More Cleanser. My pores are less noticeable. This product is great for my oily skin. I normally don't spend a lot of money on facial products but this one is definitely worth it. Will be cleaning my face with Dr. Brandt products only from now on.
great product and price.  would buy again!  really is rock hard and can use as a polish too  soo great
I always had very thin and brittle nails. I used acrylic nails for many years because I couldn't grow my nails to a reasonable length. Recently I decided to do away with the acrylics because of all the inconveniences associated with fake nails. This left my natural nails paper thin and painful to deal with. I used the Lippmann nail hardener and was very pleasantly surprised with the results. I still have ways to go before my nails are "hard rock" but I have normal nails. I do have to use the product every day, as directed or it's not as effective. And I do have to replace my nail polish every four to five days, but that's quite an improvement from what I was doing before. I can't wait to see the results once the part of my nails that was covered by the acrylic grows out. I think this product is worth a try.
Baxter of California is a growing brand in mens beauty products. While not in most stores, their boutique status has gained a heckuva cult following. Instead of dolling things up with marketing campaigns and taglines, Baxter keeps focus on elegant design and a simple product.Which brings us to this Daily Face Wash. Scentless and of a mild demeanor, one or two squirts from the pump produce enough soap to create a heady lather. It is NOT a heavy face wash or an exfoliant, so one cannot expect those "microbeads" or "deep cleansing" feelings. Instead it does what it should: remove sweat and grease from the face and leave it lightly refreshed.Strong enough to leave ones face feeling fresh after the shower and mild enough to be used 7 days a week, this might be one of the safest and efficient products on the market. Worth trying to switch up ones routine.
I began using facial scrubs about three years ago after experiencing a tremendous improvement in my complexion while on vacation with a family member who loaned me some version or other of Biore Pore Unclogging Scrub. Huge.After that I pretty much stuck to Biore, but when Vine offered this Baxter of California variety, I figured I'd give it a try. It is not quite as effective as the Biore "benchmark," if you will, but it's very nice all the same, especially since one gets twice as much for considerably less than double the price.
The daily face wash from Baxter really helped keep acne down. It's main purpose is to be able to clean and hydrate your face, and in my experience it also did great as a facial cleanser. I had little to no acne while using it, but the hydrating end is only so-so. I would imagine if you lived in an area with humidity, this face wash would be more than enough for for keeping your face from drying up, but I live in a very dry area, and I still needed to use face lotion afterwards. On a final note, I couldn't find if it uses silicic or glycol acid (from what I understand silicic is a lot better for your face) so if thats a make or break deal, you might want to call their product information because it's not listed on the product label.All in all a good but not fantastic product.4 stars
I've been trying a couple of the Baxter products including the shampoo and body wash.  Of the three, the face wash was my least favorite though still nice. Both the shampoo and body wash have very appealing scents while the face wash is more subtle. Its okay and probably by design, but as a result, doesn't really stand out as much as the other two products.I did like that the face wash didn't dry out my skin much if at all. It came across as very mild while still cleaning my face very well. I'm wearing a lot of sunscreen this summer, and it took care of that.  The pump container is kind of nice also.I'm giving this product four stars mostly because of the price. Its a few more dollars than the Nivea face wash I normally use. I'd still consider buying it again.
Quite a good buy. Its not scented. Gets rid of oil, dirt, etc.Does not dry skin after washing.Only a small amount needed to wash the face.
Like the body wash, this is a product for men that more than delivers. Leaves your face clean and fresh, without drying out your skin or leaving a film that needs strong soap to remove. Highly recommend this product, especially for men who would normally never thing of using a face wash.
Although this product is marketed towards men, I am a non-girly-girl and it suited me perfectly!  The face wash is gentle and effective.  I'm in my 30s, and I have the misfortune of having oily skin while living in a hot environment.  This combination leaves me with frequent break-outs.  Although others have stated they found this wash to be too drying, I felt it was just the right amount.  I use a daily moisturizer that has sunscreen in it, and so I often find that moisturizing face washes add too much oiliness.  I would recommend this product to anyone who wants a gentle, effective face daily facial cleanser.
I gifted this Daily Facial Wash to a friend, who works outdoors in the intense heat of AZ. He uses it everyday, and said it's very gentle, leaving no irritations, or burning of the skin. A very small amount is needed to massage into the skin, and it's fragrance-free. In comparison to other products he used, he would continue to use this Facial Wash in the future. He likes the results of this product creating a mild foam, finding it comforting and soothing. Highly recommended!
I have fairly sensitive skin and this works well with my face. There is barely any scent to this, which I don't mind. It seems to wash my face very well too. It is a little expensive, but I think it will last longer than the drugstore face washes I used to buy. Will buy this again.
When I was a teen, I had zits fairly frequently and went through the rigamarole of sulphur soaps, medicinal soaps, antibacterial face washes, spot treatments of salycilic acid for breakouts, etc. Now I'm in my 30's and, while the breakouts are since past, I'm at a time when I'll occasionally get a pimple in a painful spot - under the ear lobe, corner of the mouth, side of the nose, etc.The old routine is too rough - products that are formulated for adolescent skin and adolescent hormones. Baxter of California's Daily Face Wash is, I would think from my use, something formulated for men. I can't say anything about its use as an acne treatment, but I can say that it really helps clean out the dirt, sweat and oil from working in the yard or going for a run. It is barely scented (gently of aloe perhaps?) which is perfect, I don't need something to smell pretty, just to clean well. And it does what it says - using this in the shower after a wet razor shave, my face is smooth and feels clean, the oil gone. I'll note that this product is thick in consistency and difficult to get a lather, but it still seems to clean just as well without. Perhaps I'm using too much. In the week I've been using it I have noticed that the pads of my eyeglasses don't seem as dirty, and that my face is definitely not as oily, which is difficult to do in July.I'd recommend Baxter of California's Face Wash for men in their 30s who are not struggling with the same acne they were hit by as teenagers.
I got this not realizing it is for men but really, does it matter? So I've been using it each night to wash my face. Others have said this about the product and unfortunately it's true: no lather and weird plasticky smell. BUT! It does work well. I can't complain about that but I am willing to admit I do like my foam. Took all my make-up off and left my skin feeling clean. Not sure it's worth the money, but it does what it's supposed to do.
This product is perfectly described. It has a great texture, feels clean and light on your face, and washes away easily.This unscented face wash is certainly mild and would seem to be a good choice for daily use.
I ordered this for my daughter without realizing the product was for men, so I passed it along to my son.  He does not usually use a specific face wash, but he said that the product has been a good addition to his grooming routine.  He likes the cleaning effect of the product, and says the fragrance is better than most other face washes.  We recommend the product.
I quite like this facial wash.  It has almost no scent whatsoever, and despite it doing a good job of cleaning my face it doesn't dry my skin out like many other facial washes I've tried.  My only real complaint with this product was that I had a bit of difficulty opening the container.  Most containers of this type open simply by twisting the top part of the pump while holding onto the base.  I kept turning and twisting this top and it wasn't opening.  I even tried pulling on it and trying to push it up to no avail.  It finally did open, but it shouldn't take several minutes to open a container like this.  I wasn't even able to use it the first day I had it because I couldn't get the container open and I didn't have time that day to fiddle with the mechanism!
I like Baxter products they work well! The face wash is my everyday wash and I really like it. I will repurchase.
After I had ordered this product I noticed the review that warned about phenoxyethanol. This is a product used to kill bacteria in organic products and from what I researched, it appears safe if the product contains 1 percent or less of phenoxyethanol. As this is listed at the bottom of the list of ingrediants, I would not be too concerned about it as it is a good product. As far as my research went, I found out there was a scare about phenoxyethanol but nothing conclusive was agreed upon. Do your own research on this one.
For better or worse, I've been a soap and water dude (yeah, I said "dude"), but pushing 50, I thought I'd try something that is supposed to be better for my skin.  The Baxter Daily Wash is nice.It has a good texture and covers the areas easily without needing tons of product.  The scent is minimal during and non-existent afterwards, and yes, this is important to me. The product also rinses clean, leaving my face to feel oil free and without a lot of harsh scrubbing that comes along with other facial cleansers.I will say, while I like how it makes my face feel, I hate the fact that I have to put on lotion with SPF 15 after washing my face.  Maybe I just need to use the cleanser at night.
This is a very nice cleanser that doesn't leave your skin feeling dry or like it's been scrubbed raw. Your skin feels (and is) very clean, but with enough oils and suppleness to also feel fresh.We did have one issue with the pump which didn't wind up working. We opened up the bottle and were able to use it that way, but the pump is obviously the best way to dispense a wash, so it was a bit frustrating. Otherwise 5 stars.
This product is great if you're sensitive to scents. However, those with dry faces might want to use this sparingly or look for another product.What I like:-unscented (not really, I like floral scents, but it's a plus for some)-pump for easy access-cleansing abilities- it got the job done.-rinses off easily and no residue-a lot goes a long way-got rid of some milia (little pimples) on my eyelids-works for women tooWhat I didn't like:-left my skin a little dry-priceIf your skin is a little oily and can afford this face wash. It might be for you. If your face is dry, then you might want to look elsewhere.
This herbal mint toner has a very nice feeling to it.  It refreshes, rejuvenates and makes skin feel as though it is able to breath again.  The scent is very light and not over powering.  Though geared toward men, this is a product that can easily be used by women as well.  Great for all skin types!
I have been enjoying Baxter toner for several days now.  This is my first experience with such a product and I'm glad I tried it.  I use it on my face at the end of the day and it really helps my face feel fresh and clean.  I like the minty scent.  The first couple of times I thought it smelt like mentholatum or vicks.  But, for whatever reason, I just notice the mint, now.  It's becoming part of my nightly routine.
I like this, it has a very calming effect. I use it after i shave and it feels great. It helps with ingrown hairs/acne
I bought this because I wanted to start including toner into my daily face care routine. I was attracted to it by the reviews and the possibility that it would smell like mint. While the witch-hazel refines my pores as it is supposed to, the scent smells like dirt. Luckily the 'dirt' smell does wear off. I don't understand the need for the dye as well. When I run out, I may search for another option.
I actually didn't realize that this was billed as a &#34;men's&#34; toner when I ordered it.  That said, my husband, daughter and I are all using it and have been quite pleased.  The toner has a lovely scent and a nice feel - it does the job, leaves your skin feeling pleasantly refreshed but is NOT overly harsh.  The toner is an attractive shade of light blue. I would certainly purchase when we run out!
Seems like a great toner, not overly drying, great minty smell.  You can really see the dirt when you clean with a pad.  It has a bright blue hue, kinda like mouthwash which is a little odd but besides that great product.  I have pretty oily skin though, not sure how it would work for people with dry skin, no alcohol is nice.
I bought this to use after shaving as an alternative to the alum block which was making my skin turn bright red after a shave. This seems to provide a similar function and is very soothing instead of a slight burning sensation from a alum block. If your looking for something to replace alum I'd definitely recommend this product. My only complaint is this would have been much better in a different type of bottle. The smell is a pleasant mint smell that dissipates as soon as the product dries.
This product smells great so it's nice aromatherapy-wise.  doesn't dry, but does sop up oil and decrease pore visibility.  Really a nice product. A good deal.
When I requested this product, I didn't realize it was an astringent for men.  I love the herbal minty smell of this toner and so decided to put it to another use.  I live in Hawaii and often wear rubber flip flops which can develop an odor.  I now put some of this astringent on a cotton ball and swipe the insides of the flip flops and rub it on my bare feet.  Feels terrific and keeps odors away!
Normally, I am not a fan of &#34;men's beauty products&#34;.  This toner may change my mind.The purpose is to clean and tighten the face.  It feels like it does this, especially the cleaning.  Unlike many products, it has only a very mild minty, herbal fragrance.  This may be the best thing about it.  The toning and tightening piece is a little harder to tell with only a few days use.  On the other hand, I have worked hard for my lines and grey hair, so I don't want to throw them away casually.I keep using it for a while, but the jury is still out on whether I'll get another bottle.E.M. Van Court
This toner has a &#8220;reasonable&#8221; scent.  (I guess that&#8217;s why the moisturizer is scent-free).  By &#8220;reasonable&#8221; I mean it&#8217;s &#8220;herbal / mint&#8221;.  Not overpowering.  Of course the main ingredient in many toners like this is witch hazel, and that&#8217;s the same here.  Overall I like it.
Toner is great for your skin. its something i never really got into till someone purchased it as a gift for me, but it helps keep my pores small and my skin looking tighter and smooth. 10oz is a generous amount, it will usually last me 3-4 months only using it in the mornings after showers. When a breakout occurs the witch hazel in the toner helps them heal MUCH faster. I would recommend everyone use toner, once you try it, the difference is remarkable.
I have been using this toner after I go to gym and sweat a lot. It seems to keep my &#34;t-zone&#34; clean and smooth. It has a nice masculine minty smell, but is not too strong. Does not leave any kind of residue which is good.
This is a nice alcohol-free skin toner that doesn't dry out your skin.  It leaves it feeling clean and tingly, and the minty smell is nice (the smell does not linger, though).  I've been using it as a sort of after-shave, and my skin is feeling much better (it was starting to feel very dry, even with an electric shaver).  And even though this is a product for men, my wife and daughter enjoy using it occasionally, too.
This is probably best applied with cotton balls, but absent that I used toilet paper, which makes it a little hard to gauge how much too use, however, I'm happy with the results.  A very fresh and tingly feeling on application, without burning, even after shaving.  Very nice, barber shop quality smell, of light mint, that fades after use. Leaves a lasting clean feeling.
Although it says mint, the smell, while pleasant, really smells more like licorice. As for effectiveness, there are no complaints here. It seems to do a great job at cleaning the face. Even with my husband's sensitive skin, he loves it. Leaves his skin feeling fresh and soft.
I'm a fan of BoC's (admittedly pricey) products, and their Herbal Mint Toner is no exception. I wish it had a bit more *kick*, but I'm sure this alcohol free formula will be a godsend to some. As it is, it's quite refreshing. I don't usually use a toner on a pad or cotton swab, so I primarily employ this as an aftershave, for which it works well. The minty scent fades quickly, so it won't interfere with cologne. I like the basic design of the plastic bottle too. The simple to open snap mechanism will likely outlive the contents, which I consider a good thing.I'm not sure why Baxter decided to make the liquid blue. That would seem to eliminate the need for questionable ingredients like Red 33 (CI 17200) and Blue 1 (CI 42090), and isn't necessary in an opaque container.That's a minor thing though. I will likely get his again. A little goes a long way, but you can uses a healthy dose without fear of "overdoing it". Just be sure to shake the bottle thoroughly before use to disperse the essential oils evenly throughout the mixture.~ Kort
I really enjoy how this &#8211; for me &#8211; seems to work as a cleanser (a &#8220;cleaner&#8221; of sorts) and a moisturizer/refresher. With most liquid face products, my face tends to dry out, but with this product, I have yet to experience my face drying out. In fact, it practically moisturizes and softens my face.Recently (February 2014), I was in a wedding, and the gal who was doing my makeup was putting on the foundation &#8211; I think&#8230;.can&#8217;t remember at what stage in the process she decided to say something &#8211; and she commented, &#8220;You have a really soft face.&#8221; *I had been using this toner for about a month.While it is not &#8211; to my knowledge &#8211; a form of acne treatment, this toner has done a splendid work (of sorts) at keeping my face free of acne, nice and smooth. I love how the scent is enough to enjoy a &#8220;freshness&#8221; sort of aroma, but is not too overpoweringly strong that it is an overwhelming scent or is so strong that one cannot stand to use the product. The toner itself, too, is not too overpoweringly strong. There is no &#8220;acidic&#8221; feel (as I&#8217;ve experienced with many other facial products) but does not have that &#8220;watery&#8221; feel, as if you are only adding scented water to your face. The slight scent not only smells of &#8220;freshness,&#8221; but my face also feels quite [re]freshingly&#8230;.new(?). It feels clean and like it can breathe again, that something has been added to help/aid with the overall health of the skin.*Side note: I had NO IDEA initially that this was supposed to be for men(????) &#8211; don&#8217;t remember reading that in the description, but the bottle makes mention of it being used for the male specimen. Nonetheless, it works&#8230;..and works well&#8230;.for females, I wish to add. Not sure how well it works on the men folk, but I don&#8217;t doubt that it could/would work just as grand for them as well.Truly, there is only one thing that I don&#8217;t like about it, and, even then, it really isn&#8217;t a huge deal. Here&#8217;s what &#8220;bothers&#8221; me: if you don&#8217;t shut the lid just right, there is a chance that some of the toner can leak out. Granted, it isn&#8217;t hard to close the lid, but every now and then, if I &#8220;untwist&#8221; the lid just right, or I don&#8217;t snap on the top just so (either carelessness or being in a hurry), a wee bit will leak out. However, other than that, I truly cannot think much about what I do not like about this particular toner.I honestly and truly enjoy and appreciate this product and would recommend it to anyone who might be interested. I&#8217;d just make note that one should allow at least a week &#8211; if not two, depending on the skin type&#8230;and each individual being so very different &#8211; if not two before any kind of &#8220;results&#8221; are noticed. Even then, I forewarn against any black/white difference or change to take place, &#8216;cause, well, for me, this wasn&#8217;t the case, and with most skin products that help/aimed to help with the health of the skin, these changes happen not overnight.
This Baxter of California Herbal Mint Toner is marketed for a man's skin but as a woman, I like it so much more than any other toner I have tried. It removes leftover make up residue from my face even after washing with my Clarisonic. I have acne prone skin and I have noticed less breakouts on my chin since I have incorporated this into my nightly routine. The smell is very faint, not at all masculine or perfumey. It has afresh, clean and natural smell that I find relaxing and calming. I love the way my skin feels after using this.
Baxter's toner is a nice product to slap on after shaving.  It is a mild astringent that slightly tightens your skin and leaves you with a nice, comfortable feel.  If you've experienced razor burn, it does a nice job of alleviating it and doesn't have a harsh after-burn due to excessive alcohol.  If it has any fault, it would be that I would have liked to have had a bit more of the mint odor.  I personally enjoy an even cooler face wash; however, I was satisfied with this one and would purchase it again.
When I ordered this Baxter of California Herbal Mint Toner, I didn't know that this product was made for men.  What attracted me to the product was the &#34;herbal mint&#34; fragrance and  that it was an alcohol-free astringent for normal to oily skin.  It does a very good job removing dirt and oil, but if you are wondering if this removes make-up, it does not.  I use this toner primarily in the morning, as it is very non-drying but great for normal to oily skin.If you don't care for alcohol based products or are wanting a toner that has a unique and unisex fragrance, try it!
Baxter's 'Herbal Mint Toner' for men is an alcohol free product that does a great job cleansing and toning your skin without leaving it overly dried out.  It can also be effectively used as an after shave wipe down without any of that wincing alcohol sting.  The scent has pepperminty notes and is reminiscent of a mouth wash but is relatively mild and nothing too overpowering.With 10 oz per bottle the supply should last for several months+ even with once or twice daily application on a cotton ball.  Good all around product that should be a component of your daily skin care rituals.
This Baxter of California Herbal Mint Toner works well and is non-irritating since it is alcohol free.  I have rather sensitive skin, and this doesn't burn but still gets the job done.  Great at reducing oil and refreshing after a shave.  Smells very clean and refreshing.
The toner over the last 6 weeks has made my skin brighter and more clear. The only thing I don't care for is the smell. It smells of licorice.
I really like the BAXTER OF CALIFORNIA BERGAMOT AND PEAR BODY WASH.  Someone claimed the scent smells exactly like those Japanese scented erasers that are made for children and I agree.It has a smell that is clean, bright, and yet slightly warm, as well. I love it! Unfortunately the scent doesn't linger after you rinse off and it isn't overpowering at all.I use it with theSalux Nylon Japanese Beauty Skin Bath Wash Cloth/towel (3) Blue Yellow and Pinkand find that it lathers very well with this wash cloth.The reason I knock off one-star is because the bottle seems rather small for a body-wash, whereas others that are marketed toward men have much more product and cost less.Also this product contains SLS or Sodium Laureth Sulfate which can cause skin irritation for those who have sensitive skin. I've had no issues with the BAXTER BERGAMOT AND PEAR BODY WASH, but I thought I'd give you a heads up.I just wished that it came in a bigger bottle!
My husband relished the body wash.  He stated it didn't dry out his skin (which occurs often) and the scent was appealing.He'd like to try other products by Baxter of California. Although, I've never seen it in the neighborhood drug stores.
My teen nephew is a big fan of those body sprays for men and nothing fun about walking into that cloud as he's getting ready. This was a great substitute. He loves the smell and it's not over powering for the rest of the family. I'm planning on ordering more of this for him.
This body wash lathers really well and smells incredible.  You can't put your finger on what the smell is - because the scent is so complex.  I love it.  The only down side is that the pump is small and so you have to really work to get the soap out (especially once it gets low).  Otherwise this is wonderful!
My boyfriend really loves it. It smells really fresh and clean but also not powering. It's unique smell is really nice.
I've been using Baxter Body Wash for the last year and I really love their smells...this one however...the smell is absolutely amazing.The only problem with it that I have is that it doesn't lather as well as one would hope, so you may end up going through it pretty fast.
I'm glad to find out that I wasn't the only person that didn't realize this was a men's product until it arrived and I saw the fine print on the bottle.  Flora and cassis immediately brought to mind a woman's product.  The scent isn't at all a feminine smell, just a light scent of rose and cassis.  My husband did as instructed and applied directly to his skin in the shower and said it did not really lather which he really likes.  He started using my shower sponge to get lather and seems happier now.  I've used it several times since I like the scent so much but it does leave my skin dry.  I think the current asking price on Amazon is a little too high in my opinion.  For the right price, I would order it again.
I had previously heard of the Baxter of California brand as a quality product, so I ordered their body wash, with very satisfactory results.  I wasn't looking for anything too fancy (bergamot?), but I know what pears smell like, and it's a scent I like, so I thought I'd give it a try.When I saw the packaging, I was surprised at how plain it was, but that wasn't a major concern.  The long list of ingredients was, however.  I'm not a scholar on what to or what not to include in a body wash, but there are some that I knew aren't so great (Sodium Laureth Sulfate and parabens, in particular), and I thought perhaps fewer ingredients, but all-natural ones would be of more benefit to a body wash used every day.  It also doesn't produce much lather, but as long as it cleans well (which it does), that's not a major concern to me.Overall, however, I was glad I tried this. It does smell VERY nice.  It has a woodsy, citrus fruit-like scent of oranges (the bergamot), and pears, that anyone can use.  I found it a more sensual rather than an invigorating aroma, but a VERY pleasant one, and it did leave my skin feeling clean, smooth and smelling great. What more could one want from a body wash?
I had originally bought this item as a gift but decided on something else for that person once I tried a little of this myself. I had to keep it. It is pleasantly fragrant and not over powering. It doesn't smell like the typical products geared towards men. It washed clean with no residue or unclean feeling. I felt refreshed after using this. It is something I may not buy often due to the price but I will definitely spoil myself with this!
Baxter of California Invigorating Body Wash, Flora and Cassis, is a nice body wash with a very refreshing scent. I used to wear a cologne called Wings and the scent is almost identical.I have only two complaints about the product and the first and foremost is the price. This is far too expensive for the average consumer. The second is that it doesn't suds up as much as I'd like.
Baxter of California is a really refreshing body wash.  It smells great and isn't overly drying to your skin like most washes.  It also doesn't leave a slimy feel when you rinse it off.  I'd recommend this product.
Wonderful product. Clean, fresh scent without being overpowering like many other body washes. After use, your skin will feel clean and fresh, without any residue or coating that makes you want to take another shower with strong soap to remove the leftover film. Highly recommend this product.
I'm a bar of soap kind of guy, so I was a bit apprehensive in givng Baxter's body wash a try.  I am impressed.  The wash has a slightly fruity aroma, with the earthy undertones of the bergamont rounding it out nicely.  I like it - its not overpowering, nor is it feminine, but rather it has a subdued quietness about it that appeals to me.  My sweetheart likes the way it smells on me as well, which is really the final test in these matters.  The wash rinses away cleanly and I do feel refreshed when I step out of the shower after using it.  My only complaint is that the lather is a little thin - I prefer a thicker foam.  The scent isn't overpowering, and it won't linger around you like some other bath products do.  Recommended.
Baxter's Bergamot and Pear Body Wash is the first product I have tried from this line, and I wasn't disappointed.  The liquid soap is easily extracted via pump and has a pleasant, not-too-strong, scent.  After you rinse, lather and repeat, the bottle claim promises users soft and silky skin.  I had to admit that because I have sensitive skin, which can't read and sometimes develops what are politely called "adverse reactions," to new skin products I try, I was wary before using this, but it agreed with my skin and appeared to do exactly what it promised.  My Vine sample comes in a 10 ounce plastic bottle, which should last awhile as it takes little soap to work up a good lather.  The body wash also comes in other scents like lime and pomegranate which I plan to try, too.
I had never heard of Baxter of CA but wanted my husband to get to try this body wash.  I used it as well because it has a very mild fragrance although a decidedly masculine one.  It does not lather extremely bubbly with a loofah and you can use it with or without one.  The bottle is small but you only need a few pumps so it lasts for a very long time.
About twelve years ago, I discovered a bergamot body wash for men at The Body Shop.  Bergamot oil is very good for the skin and has a clean refreshing fragrance that is bracing in the shower, but doesn't leave you with a cologne or teen age body wash smell as you go about your day.  Unfortunately, the Body Shop stopped selling this product and other bergamot body washes are hard to find and can be expensive and with most of them, you can barely smell the bergamot.This Baxter of California product is one of the better bergamot body washes available.  The bergamot fragrance is notable without being cloying.  Unfortunately, the addition of pear does sometimes make it a bit too much for a man.  I'm not sure why companies are reluctant to offer a quality body wash for men with only bergamot.  Properly marketed, i think it would be very popular.  However, until some company decides to produce such a product, this body wash from Baxter is the best alternative i've found.
I understand this product is marketed towards men, but as a non girly-girl, it suits me perfectly!  The scent is light and not too overpowering, but very nice.  I find that with a lot of body washes, especially moisturizing body washes, I don't get that squeaky-clean feeling I'd like.  Not so with Baxter of California.  My skin is left soft AND clean-feeling.  The only gripe I can make, if I had one, is that there aren't a ton of suds/bubbles.  But really?  Who needs 'em?  I would recommend this product to others.
got this product and went right in and took a shower.  lathered up good, cleaned the body good.  do really like the pump for it gives you a little at a time instead of big globs like the bottles do.  the sent though-i am not fond of it but after about a hour at work sweating and working around dirt, grease and diesel.  the smell goes away.
The main draw for me and this body wash was the scent.  And that delivered.  I quite like the aroma.  As others have mentioned, this body wash could go both males or females, really.  I don't think the scent pushed stronger towards either gender.  Aesthetically, I think the packaging needs work.  It is very plain and industrial.  If I were passing this on a shelf, I don't think I would give it much of a first glance, let alone a second.  I didn't have any trouble with getting the body wash out of the container, which was a nice plus. While it's hard to judge if something really makes you clean, I felt clean after trying this product out.  It didn't lather as much as I would have liked, but it seemed to get the job done.
This is made for men, which I wasn't aware of at the time that I ordered it, but the scent is lovely enough for a woman. It has a light clean scent, not to sweet and not too strong, that I find very pleasing. It leaves you feeling fresh and clean. My hubby on the other hand wasn't impressed. He said it smells alright, but he didn't feel that it got him clean and didn't lather up very well.I will be using this product for myself since I do like it. But it wouldn't be a great review if I didn't add how my hubby felt about it.I gave it a 4 star rating only because my hubby didn't like it and since it is made for men, I feel that his opinion of this particular product, matters more than mine. :)
Since smell is something very personal, this probably won't apply to everyone but I love how this body wash smells.  Been using it for over a year and love it.Have to be careful when ordering to not order a different version as the defaults sometime differ.
I wish I could give it 3.5 stars.  It really is not much different from any other body wash product, so that puts it in the 3 for me.  The extra half-star I would give for the scent.  So far I have gotten several compliments and many have asked about the scent and the product.
First let me say that I enjoy the fragrance of this body wash which I find better suited than some of the obnoxious men's body washes in the market.  The lather is decent not too much and not too little, I personally prefer a little more below too much but that's just me.  I feel and smell fresh after using this product and depending on your wallet would recommend.  Although I'm still partial to Kiehls or Pangea Organics.
this is a nice body wash, it has a nice scent. It doesn't leave a residual on your skin. The handy pumper works well. I would recommend this body wash.
This body wash has a pleasant scent and works well. You really need to use a body wash sponge since it does not lather well enough to use with only a washcloth(I tried it both ways).That is my only negative criticism of this product: it could lather better. For the price, I see no advantage to selecting this over others.
I didn't realize until after I requested this product that it's for men. Oops! I got the flora and cassis scent. It's clean but quite noticeably fruity, and so not a scent the guys in my house are into.  My daughters and I like it a lot though.  I deducted a star for the low lather.  I like body wash to lather a good amount, but this behaves more like regular soap.  It rinses well and smells nice and overall I'm happy using it.
When I ordered BAXTER OF CALIFORNIA INVIGORATING BODY WASH, FLORA AND CASSIS SCENT, I did not realize that it was supposed to be a "men's" product.  But once the 10 oz bottle of BAXTER OF CALIFORNIA INVIGORATING BODY WASH, FLORA AND CASSIS SCENT arrived, we really did not care.  My husband, younger daught, and I all love it.BAXTER OF CALIFORNIA INVIGORATING BODY WASH, FLORA AND CASSIS SCENT has quite a lovely smell.  It smells clean and fresh and light, not at all frou-frouy.  In my husband's words "It gets me clean, doesn't make me smell like a girl, and washes away completely."  In my 8 year old's words, "I love it!  It smells nice and makes me feel pretty."  Mom, here, likes the gentle, pleasant scent and how nice it lathers when I put it on my body puff.  And, a little bit of BAXTER OF CALIFORNIA INVIGORATING BODY WASH, FLORA AND CASSIS SCENT goes a long way. You really only need one pump from the bottle to clean an entire body.The only reason to give BAXTER OF CALIFORNIA INVIGORATING BODY WASH, FLORA AND CASSIS SCENT 4 stars instead of 5 is because my family does not find it particularly "invigorating." Soothing and relaxing are better words.  But other that that, this family really loves BAXTER OF CALIFORNIA INVIGORATING BODY WASH, FLORA AND CASSIS SCENT.
The product has a very nice, clean scent, and worked well...but I offer there is a minor issue with the packaging. The pump on the bottle is too small, and I had to pump it repeatedly to get an amount in my hand large enough to be useful.In the end, I took the pump out and put a cap on the bottle.
The bottle said it was for men but since the scent was not specifically manly I decided to try it and I liked it. I am kind of a foo foo person and love floral scents but I did not mind using this shower gel. It left my skin smooth and moisturized which is something hard to find in a shower gel or soap as both tend to dry out the skin but I found this to be very refreshing and gentle on my sensitive skin. I would not say it was invigorating but it did leave me feeling clean and fesh. The color blue of course is a manly color in my opinion as like I said I am a foo foo person and prefer the pinks and mauves but since the color really is not transfered to your body in any lasting way it will do. I would imagine men would find it appealing and if you are a woman and want to try it to --go for it.
When I ordered this bodywash to review as a member of the Amazon Vine program, I didn't realize ( because it was not in the description given) that the product is designated for men. I am NOT a man . . . am a very feminine woman . . . but I like this body wash a lot. Baxter of California has produced a concentrated, great-smelling body wash in its "Flora and Cassis" fragrance. The scent reminds one of lavender and herbs and is not overwhelmingly "after shave-y" or masculine. Nor is it feminine. It is clean and natural, that is all; so a woman can use it without smelling like a guy, and a guy can use it without smelling flowery. There isn't a lot of residual fragrance. The texture is nice - concentrated and smooth; just a quarter-sized dab on a pouf is very foamy, enough for the whole body and for shaving one's legs at the same time (women). The only negatives I can note are two: (1) The pump is smallish and even seems a bit flimsy. I think Baxter of CA could do a much better job and supply a sturdy pump, especially considering its (2) price, which seems to me to be exorbitant for 10 ounces of very nice but not remarkable body wash. But if you are into upscale body washes, by all means, try this one, no matter what your gender!
I'll start by saying the scent was unique and subtle. It was neither masculine nor feminine. I saw this as a big bonus. It seemed like I had to use quite a bit more than a normal wash to get the lather I wanted. It didn't dry out my skin which is another bonus. I would say that overall, if it was comparable in price to other leading washes, I would be more apt to purchase this. It's priced a little to high for a wash I found to be just average.
I like the use of this Baxter Body Wash. It lathers well and feels good on my skin. I did not feel itchy after the use of this product. A good use and I would use again.
I am looking for something to transition my 12 year old son to regular - or at least semi-regular - hygiene practices. Axe is not an option.  This body wash smells really good, but it is a natural smell.  Not overpowering or perfume-y or fake at all.  My son has very sensitive skin, and this has sulfates.  He gets a mild rash from this if he uses too much of it, but he seems to do okay if he just puts a little on a wash cloth.Use sparingly if you have skin allergies/are prone to rashes, but I can attest that it smells good and cleans dirty tweenagers just fine.
I've been using this product for 19 days and I honestly do not see the difference since before I started using it.
I was not aware that this is a male fragrance.  The smell does help one to wake up. It lathers up easily and rinses clean.  Certainly lives up to the description "invigorating body wash".
There's not a lot to say about a body wash. This one smells particularly nice and feels gentle and like it's easy to wash off completely.
I like the smell and the product! Baxter has very good products and this scent is my favorite out of the three.
Although this product is for men, I decided to try it because the description of the scent (flora and cassis) sounded interesting.  I liked it a lot.  The scent was a strong, non-citrus, unisex  one, but not overpowering.  I liked the good clean feeling it left and it did not dry out my skin. The body wash was a little watery but it lathered up well with my body scrubby and rinsed off easily.
I've always disliked gender specific grooming products. Maybe it's because my mum always swore by men's razors and such over the ones marketed toward women? Whatever it is I'm always on the lookout for a way to declutter my shower with products that work for both my husband and I. As it happens I didn't notice the gender specificness of this Invigorating Body Wash until it arrived at my door, and I'm quite certain that this one is perfectly gender neutral enough to please anyone looking for something luxurious.As much as I've begged my man to try this, the word Flora was enough to send him heading for the hills. That said, I find the Cassis a bright, almost spicy contrast to the Flora making it an unusual but eye-opening scent. If you're a gent who finds floral notes like lavender pleasant I recommend giving it a try. And ladies... this is one to steal from your man! The only thing I don't care for is that this isn't marketed as a unisex product.
Be sure to read the fine print on the product page --- this is a body wash for men, something that you might easily overlook (one star off for not making this clear).Beyond that, though, it's a really good product, which unlike some others in its category actually delivers hydration benefits. No drying or scaling of skin like you get with most soaps and alas, many other body washes.I did wonder about the scents, as strong scents in products for men aren't really to my liking. I was happy to find that this product has a mild and pleasant scent that is more like "freshly washed" than "perfumy."Definitely recommended.
The package says this is for a man, but it really can go for either gender.  This has a rich full bodied scent that has a primary Cassis note followed by a less pronounced floral note profile.  This lathers up wonderfully.  I really liked this even though I am definitely not a man.  I don't know if your man is looking for a manly scent if this would be right for him.  This reminds me of 'ck One' in the sense either gender can use this scent.
I was surprised at how much I enjoyed this product and how nice it smells. When I initially ordered it , I had planned on giving it to my little brother but he decided that he didn't like the floral scent of it which isn't that strong at all. So I decided to use it myself, this actually makes a really good "unisex" beauty product, especially if you are a woman who prefers a more masculine scent, which the cassis definitely gives. The body wash isn't too strong in terms of scent, it lingers behind for a little bit after you shower. It is a bit more on the watery side, I prefer to have my body washes be a bit thicker but this isn't necessarily a deal breaker.
I've been a long time fan of most of the Baxter body washes so when this new one became available, I jumped at the opportunity to try it.It has a bit of an earthly flowery scent, but masculine and not too strong, which I like and it seems on par with their other scents. I think my favorite is still theBaxter of California Invigorating Body Wash, Italian Lime and Pomegranate, 10 fl. oz.however this one is a close second.It's a bit expensive, but I think it's worth it for the unique scent. The nozzle was a real pain to get open however and I think Baxter should switch to the design they use their shampoo, which is a better design.
This body wash works well. What can I say, it gets you clean. No soapy film. It leaves you feeling clean.Two things, I could not get the pump to work--tried everywhich way--it just wouldn't pop up like such pumps usually do, so the top  has to be screwed off to get soap out. But that is probably an accidental defect. I doubt that all the bottles will have that problem.One more thing, it would be better, I think, to advertise it as a man's body wash, rather than generally. I ordered it thinking it was for the gals. My daughter tells me it doesn't come across as a body wash for the ladies.Recommended.
This product works really well, and just as advertised. Performs well under the eyes with no irritation whatsoever.  Not many products can make the claims that these guys do and have it be true.  I would recommend this product to others in a minute.  You really just need a drop on the end of your finger for it to be effective so this tube should last quite a while.  I have been using it for about 3 weeks now and am extremely satisfied.
I've reviewed other Baxter products and so far I find them to be a good line.  The advantage of this moisturizer is that it is subtle, easily absorbable and quite smooth feeling.  Nice hydration.
Make no mistake: Baxter of California make great mens products. This is far above your over the counter, drug store moisturizer. You won't feel greasy, you won't feel sticky after using this product. I'd say its in the top echelon of great moisturizers, good for after a shave or simply a rough day of work. While this moisturizer doesn't really stand out from that top shelf pack of competitors, it doesn't need to. Get it if you want something better than your local drugstore stuff but don't want to pay through the nose for the boutique status.
I was really surprised at how well the BAXTER OF CALIFORNIA OIL FREE MOISTURIZER performed on my skin. I have combination oily and sometimes dry skin, but mostly oily in the &#34;T-Zone&#34; area, which is the forehead, nose and chin.This moisturizer immediately absorbed into my face and my skin felt hydrated. It left no oily shine or texture and it doesn't feel oily or leave your face with a greasy after feel. And my face was pretty much shine-free for the rest of the day at work.BAXTER OF CALIFORNIA OIL FREE MOISTURIZER has no scent and is formulated for men's skin. I don't know if I really believe that there's that much of a difference between guys' and gals' skin (research says that there is and men tend to have thicker, oilier skin than their female counterparts) but this moisturizer works much better than other &#34;oil-free&#34; ones that I've tried.I'm also experiencing better performance from other BAXTER OF CALIFORNIA products like the body lotion, so maybe there is some difference in how a product is formulated and whether it's designed for male or females.The only reason I don't give a full five stars is because the moisturizer doesn't contain a sunscreen so you'll have to do an extra step if you're going to be out in the sun at all. Also, for those with really dry skin, or patches of dryness caused by chemical peels or acne medication, this moisturizer won't be able to do the job on those areas.I break out occasionally and use acne products that contain Benzoyl Peroxide, which my skin can handle most of the time, but every now and then the medicine will cause me to get extremely dry patches of skin and the BAXTER OF CALIF OIL FREE didn't help in those areas.Other than those two issues this is a great product line for men!PLUSES* Safety Sealed* Non-Scented* Large &#34;Toothpaste&#34; Sized Tube* Hydrating Matte FinishMINUSES* No Sunscreen* Won't Help Extremely Dry Areas
I must admit...I am NOT the target audience for this product, being a woman, however I used it anyway.  I was very pleased with it.  It has a light fragrance that is not &#34;manly&#34; or overbearing.  It does not leave my face oily or greasy.  It absorbs nicely and leaves my skin smooth and soft.  It did not irritate my sensitive skin.  I really really like it.
I've tried to be more diligent about using moisturizer as I've gotten older, and I have to say I was pleased with Baxter's oil free moisturizer.  I'm not going to rant at length here, so let me just quickly list what I liked about it:1) Oil free!  Doesn't leave your skin looking greasy and doesn't clog up the pores.2) Fragrance free!  Honestly at first I wasn't sure to make of that, because it really has very little and no lasting odor.  I've used other face lotions though where the scent on my face was just too overwhelming.  I'll take this version.3) Made for men!  You won't mix this up with your wife's or girlfriend's and neither will she.4) Simple dispenser.5) Absorbs quickly and refreshes.I'm not sure what I think of the price.  $18 is a little pricey, but its a decent sized tube which should last a little while.  And you can easily spend $7 on nivea or neutrogena at the drugstore.  So if an extra $10 doesn't put you out much, go for it.
He works in a refinery where sand, grit and everything else gets into his skin and make it really dry, with patchy skin especially on his face. This is definitely oil free and it does hydrate his skin (and mine too ... with winter being a bit rougher this year, my skin has dried out, especially my hands). It is a bit thicker than women's moisturizer and it goes a long way to put on a man's face and neck.Since he just started using it, I haven't seen the long-term result of this yet, but since my husband doesn't care for lotion, this is definitely tolerable for him. His skin has improved in the few days he has been applying it, so there's hope yet that this is what he needs.1/13/14
This lotion works very well. As per the instructions, it is meant to be applied on the face and the neck area. I use it only on the face. I don't have too much of an oil problem. But this lotion feels very nice and it makes my skin soft.One other thing - about the smell. It's supposed to be fragrance free, but it has a slight odor to it. At least my nose detects a slight chemical smell. But it's not strong, nor is it bad or anything. Just mentioning it.Overall, for 20 bucks it seems pricey. But if it ever goes on sale, I'd recommend getting this.
Baxter of California Oil Free Moisturizer is an extreme quality product.  It is an extremely dry time of year and my house gets even drier when the heater kicks on as much as it is. Therefore, I have needed this product badly. Unlike most moisturizers though, I noticed an immediate difference as the oil free and substantial nature of this product immediately went to work and hours later I still noticed it doing a quality job. In fact, it did so well that I completely forgot that I was wearing it or that I had a dry skin problem.It has a thicker feel to it and I'm not sure what that means, but I know that when it applies to the skin, you feel it working and it is comforting; as opposed to a store bought brand that probably helps as well, but is lighter and doesn't last as long. The problem is, you can buy a store bought brand from anywhere to $3 to $7. This product is $20.I'm not sure if the difference in price is $13 to $17 better or not, but I can easily say that Baxter of California Oil Free Moisturizer is the best I've ever used. Although, I'm not the type to spend that much money on something like this. I would say it would depend upon the seriousness of your dry skin or your discretionary income whether or not this product would be something you would need.
This past week we had extremely cold weather and my hands were very dry. Put some of this product on my hands and worked it in. Went on/in fairly easily. Neutral scent at most - which is as I prefer. Could feel something there, but not greasy. Good result overall.Haven't used it very often yet, so can't say much about long term benefits. I'm hopeful. Seems there would have to be at least some to justify the $20 price for 4 ounces - not expensive but more than the usual drug store mass market stuff. This product is made for men.
I'm not one to use a lot of moisturizer products: that's the bottle in the hotel bathroom that sits there, untouched, throughout my entire stay. That said, I'll try to do my best to provide some helpful information.This product is nice because it is not greasy, has no harsh or persistent scent, and vanishes into the skin within a few minutes. That, and it seems to do a great job moisturizing, too.The product is a thick, white lotion and a little more than a pea-sized dab seems to be enough to effectively cover my entire face. I was worried a little that it wouldn't blend in, but a little work makes it disappear and it dries to a matte finish within a few minutes.If this had sunscreen of some sort in it (SPF 15 or higher), I'd probably buy a tub of it...
This moisturizer has a very silky and smooth texture but is not as light as I might have expected it would be based upon the item's description.  For extremely dry skin, this would likely be the perfect moisturizer.  The scent is very nice... just the faintest clean smell that makes it very appealing.  The packaging for shipping could have been thought out a bit more... by the time it arrived in my mailbox the retail packaging was pretty mangled and the moisturizer tube was also a bit squished.
OK, I have very dry skin. I am always looking for products to help with this problem and have tried a lot of products from brands like Jack Black and Kiehl's. The common complaint is that they can leave your skin moisturized but greasy. When I saw the description as &#34;Oil Free&#34; I decided to take a chance. I did a little experiment - I put the Baxter product on one side of my face and my regular product on the other and went about my day. To my surprise, the Baxter side felt less &#34;tight&#34; and dry than the other side - the one with a product that has been working OK for me for a while. Also, it did this without leaving a greasy or oily residue. Like I said, a surprise.Here is a twist, I was rushing out of the house and decided to use a dab of the Baxter product on my hands. A little went a long way and left my hands smooth, moisturized and not greasy. Probably not the designed use (especially when you consider the cost) but it worked very well on my hands. I guess skin is skin!This little 4oz tube is pretty expensive but high quality &#34;boutique&#34; products do command a premium.Recommended for anyone with dry skin.
I'm a fan of Baxter products.  They tend to be light, with mild, pleasant aromas.  This is a nice cream, but my skin is particularly sensitive to any product that feels greasy.  Since they made a big point of &#34;oil free&#34; I assumed this would be a very light cream.  It is very moisturizing, but doesn't feel oil-free, and it a little heavier than I would normally prefer.  If you like a really light cream this might not be the one, but for most people it will probably be terrific.
This is a great product and a good value. The tube is pretty large and is a great deal for only $20. The moisturizer is non-greasy, fast-absorbing, and unscented. The husband really likes it. Perfection.
This is a nice moisturizer that works well on oily skin. It keeps the face moisturized but not oily. It did not cause any breakouts in the whole month it was used (and this has always been a big issue with other products).
This is a good moisturizer for after shaving and is pretty decent for dry hands and feet too. My skin gets oily during the day, but this didn't increase that problem at all.The price may seem a little steep, but I still would recommend it if you're looking for a good quality oil-free moisturizer.
When I ordered this I had no idea that the product was aimed at men. I'm not a man, and I'm currently single, so I can't speak to that aspect of the product. Still, I don't think there is anything in the product that makes this especially unique to men. I've tried this daily for about a week. The pluses? There is virtually no scent at all. I am extremely sensitive to perfumes, and most products aimed at women are heavily scented. This, alone, is an incredible selling point. This is the third product from this line I have received and tried, and all of them are refreshingly fragrance free! This, alone, would cause me to purchase this (and other items in the line) again. As far as a moisturizer, this works well. I'm not terribly picky, so I can't give an in depth review comparing this to other ones on the market. Basically, its not super greasy, it absorbs quickly, and it does the job! And, the lack of scent makes this a winner!
You usually don't find products are exactly as advertised, but this product fits the bill.  If you are looking for a good moisturizer and are sick of spending your hard earned money on product after product that doesn't work for long, then you can't go wrong with this product.  I did find it to be a little bit greasy at first, but found that if I used less of it, that problem seemed to disappear.  Very nice indeed.  Am going to consider their other products in the line.
This is a good daily moisturizer. I use it daily mixed with Elta Md Sun screen, as this product has no sun screen.It is not greasy, has little shine. And does not cause breakouts, for me.GOOD STUFF!
I purchased this moisturizer for my brother to use. The cold, dry weather we've been experiencing has dried his skin out, but as a man, he was very hesitant to use moisturizer! I finally convinced him to use the product. He liked that the moisturizer went on smooth, and it did not leave an oily residue behind. The product being oil free was a benefit, because he has sensitive, acne prone skin, and this moisturizer didn't irritate his face at all. After only a few applications, he noticed a difference in the quality of his skin: it was no longer dry and flaky. Altogether, he really liked this product, but it does have a big negative: the cost. Four ounces of this product will set you back $22 plus shipping. I use a moisturizer from the Simple products line, and I get six ounces of moisturizer for $7, and it works wonderfully. If money isn't an issue, then this really is a great product. Since I have to stick to a budget, I'll be purchasing my brother a less expensive option next time!
it's a little thick, but a small amount goes a long way. it will keep the oils off your face for a while but don't be surprised if you have to reapply later on. perfect when you go out at night when spf is not a necessity. will look at other products though to compare, but i would buy this again.
A great, non-greasy moisturizer marketed to men. Perfect for after shaving, but really good as an overnight treatment. A winner.
I have tried numerous moisturizers for men, everything from Clarins to Kiehls, to Naturopathica. As a man all I am looking for is a moisturizer that hydrates while not smelling too much and doesn't leave my skin feeling oily.This Baxter of California Oil Free Moisturizer does the trick. It is nearly fragrance-free, with no discernible smell. The moisturizer is thick enough to feel like it's hydrating, but not too thick that it will make me shiny for my day! The last thing I want is to go into a meeting looking like I just got back from the gym!My only complaint is that it has parabens in it, which have been proven to be toxic. Get rid of the parabens Baxter and you'll have a lifelong user!
I have serious dry skin during the winter --- to the point of eczema. So of course when I saw a facial moisturizer up on Amazon Vine I HAD to snatch it up!What I didn't know was that this product was geared towards men. Oops. Oh well, a facial moisturizer is a facial moisturizer, right?!?This product does a fairly well job at keeping my face moisturized and preventing the dry patches from bothering me like they normally do. It's too early to say how long this will last as my skin seems to get use to certain products faster than others but as of now, I'm really loving how soft this product makes my skin!If you're looking for a great moisturizer I would highly suggest this one. Plus for the price, it's a great deal. This tube is HUGE!
I'm not a big lip treatment person, but lately I've had horribly chapped lips so I needed something rich to heal and protect them. This fits the bill perfectly. It's on par with the texture and feel of the rosebud lip salve I typically use, maybe a bit more shiny and sticky. Very light fragrance/taste, not overly pleasing but it's not horrible. I'd prefer maybe a hint of peppermint oil for a fresh feel. This was very conditioning and hydrating. My lips are back to normal. Nice stuff!
Overall, this is a really nice lip conditioner.  It's seen me through two nasty DRY Santa Ana's so far, and my lips are not dry and cracking as they usually are when haven't been using this product.  I keep it at work, and reapply it several times during the work day.Pros:MoisturizingColorlessNo scentCons:A bit on the sticky side
I'm not sure it really does anything to enhance my lips, but I love it as a lip gloss. It does a great job of giving me moisture that lasts for several hours.
I like this lip balm very much.  It doesn't have much scent and has no flavor or color.  It is just on the acceptable side of sticky (I hate sticky lip glosses).  I usually wear it over a lip stain and it keeps my lips feeling good and looking great.  I also like the ingredients.
Jouer Essential Lip Enhancer exceeded my expectations as a lip conditioner. The feeling is quite nice in application, and it lasts for some time. I love the way it looks on top of a touch of lip color. However, the price is just a bit off-putting. I love cosmetics, and have purchased items over the years from bargain-bin to Bloomingdale's. The truth is that (sometimes) there isn't that great a difference from one to the other. It's all in what you prefer at the moment.The odds are good that I will choose to repurchase this item when the tube is empty, but I'd like to make it known that I'll be praying like mad for at least a slight reduction in the price!
I am loving this product as a lip moisturizer/conditioner.  I hate the feeling of dry lips, and ALWAYS have some sort of lip gloss/lipstick on - but now find myself reaching for this instead (unless I need lip color when I am going out).It goes on very smoothly, yet doesn't feel slimy.  There is a slight taste to it, but nothing I found unpleasant or overwhelming.  In addition, it had some staying power, so I didn't have to reapply it as often as other lip treatments.Results are less conclusive in terms of it improving lip fullness.  It may do so a little in that dry lips tend not to look so full - but I don't think anyone will feel that their lips have been transformed to a fuller pout.  On the up-side, however - no trout pout.  In addition, I have tried other purported lip enhancers that made my lips burn - this product does not do so!
Not sure this works so well, I am still using it but can't tell if there is much difference. Do you sell a larger tube? Jonathanarland@yahoo.com
This product really works! It makes me lips look nicer and indeed plumper without the intense irritation that other products I've tried tend to do. It even reduces the appearance of the fine lines around my lips! Most products such as this do not do what they claim!However, it smells and tastes too much like a skin lotion. I don't want that on my lips! So, I give it three stars, and put some nice tasting lip balm on top. Still, I can smell it, right under my nose, and unfortunately it's a smell I associate (badly) with babies and grandmothers.Note: I came back to give this product another star. Yes, it tastes awful, but it does a great job. I contacted the company and have not heard back. I hope they read these reviews as others have complained about both the taste and the scent. If Jouer corrects this, they will have the best lip product on the market!!
Enjoy using this balm at night before bed and in the morning under lipstick.  This tube will last a while as I only need to apply a small amount for my lips to feel moisturized and appear glossy.  I really love the simple packaging and find the subtle tint and hint of rose appealing.Love the idea of a lip plumper that doesn't sting, but after weeks of use I haven't seen the results.  So only 4 stars.
This is a nice product and does seem to plump up my lips without any strange feeling.  Doesn't do anything for lines, however.  I do like that it acts as a lip gloss as well.  Shiny, not a matte finish.
I have been using this for a few weeks and it is a good moisturizer.  I am hoping it will help with some fine lines and know it will take awhile longer to see results.  I will buy in the future if I see good results from this!
This lip balm is very smooth and silky.  I was intrigued by it because it supposedly can enhance your lips and I have rather thin lips.  As it turns out, that doesn't happen immediately upon using it, but after weeks of using it 4 times a day.  I haven't been able to really evaluate that aspect of it, but unlike some other products that promise enhancement, I will say that it doesn't make your lips burn and tingle, so I was pleased about that!  I will continue to use it as it is a nice squeeze style lip balm.
Overall this &#34;lip enhancer&#34; is pretty good, but not particularly for enhancing my lips (I highly doubt the anti-aging properties as I don't notice any change after a month of daily usage); rather it is very conditioning and lasts a few hours before I need to reapply.That said, there are other, more moisturizing lip balms out there. This one also serves as a lip gloss, which looks nice but has a little bit of that stickiness to it. I don't mind, and the taste is good (subtle) but I'm not sure I'd recommend it over another lip balm.
This is such a great balm! I love his smooth it is and how it just glides across my lips. I will say that it is very moisturizing and slippery but the results are worth it! It has a light scent to it but nothing overpowering in any way. It lasts for quite a while so reapplying is minimal.
I know this is called a lip enhancer, but really, anything that moisturizes your lips well will make them look bigger.  Luckily, this one doesn't sting like some lip plumpers, and it does moisturize well.  I don't usually wear lipstick and just like to wear a good moisturizing chapstick, so this works well for me.  I doubt I would buy it again, though.  It doesn't seem to do anything better than a cheaper chapstick would do.
I get dry lips very easily, and I HATE it. Looking at someone with chapped lips bows my mind, because I can't concentrate if mine ever are. That said, I've been addicted to lip balm for years and have tried almost every kind on the market. I was excited to try Jouer Essential Lip Enhancer because it wasn't like anything I've ever tried or even seen.The consistency comes out of the tube very much like a thick lotion or sunscreen. Smooth a small amount on your lips, and it instantly soaks in instead of sitting on top of your lips. There is no shine, so this is a great item to try for men who have chapped lips but fear glossy lips. It actually seems to give almost a &#34;blur&#34; kind of effect while it sinks in, which I think is pretty cool. :) It moisturizes wonderfully, and I've had to reach for balm significantly less since I've started using this. This is scentless and tasteless.Highly recommended for those who hate the feel of product sitting on their lips, men, the chronically dry lipped AND it's great for lipstick! You can heal your lips before lipstick application and this actually sits the lipstick very well, instead of sliding it around or changing the texture like most lip balms do.
This product works well for healing and softening  dry lips and preventing them from becoming dehydrated again.  It also claims to make lips more full which is the main reason the product interested me.  Unfortunately I have not as yet seen much plumping of my very thin lips but I will continue to use it and see if there is an improvement.  This product is virtually odorless and tasteless which will be a plus for many consumers.
i love this soap. it was a part of my gift basket for my b-day. it smells amazing. i am an avid tennis player but as most women i have some cellulite related problems. i am not sure how to attest to the cellulite action of this soap but it feels good on my skin. it offers good foaming action and cleansing properties. i like it a lot, just wished it was a bit bigger.
Love the smell of this soap. It lathers up better than I expected. I can't say much about the massaging parts of this soap only because they rub off pretty quickly. Often I take shower 2 times a day after exercising and those bumpy massaging parts lasted only about a week. After that it becomes just a soap. But I like it anyway.
Pretty nice invigorating soap. It feels a bit scrubby on the skin and skin feels good afterwards. Although I wish it was a bit bigger and more polishing. I will try body scrub next time.
I think it is helping my circulation in my legs, I love the smell, I swear its helping to also clear up my rough bumpy arms! However, it does scratch the hell out of my skin, no matter how lightly I use it! I look like I lost a battle to a field of shrubs! I have scratches all over! So, I love the smell and how it feels in the shower just not what it does to my skin afterwards!
Ive been using this product for a while now and I must say it does make a difference... I use it on the back of my thighs where I have most of my problem and it does help...
I've tried the slipper kind of gels socks before, but I like these better. I have size 12.5 feet (mens), and these stretched enough to be comfortable and wear just like a normal sock.They produce the same results as any gel lined sock. I like to wear them overnight now and then, or for an hour or two while I work in the morning. I put a light layer of moisturizer on first then the socks and it really helps, especially if you do it religiously right after a shower.
The winter has been very cold and dry.  Though I have only used the socks a couple of times, they seem to work,  I think it will take continued use.
Couldn't believe how well these worked. Just used my own lotion and could tell the difference in time. Going to get the gloves soon.
It does soften my feet, but I think it is because it creates a good environment for the lotion, rather than anything in the sock is doing it.
I use them once a week or so to keep my heels from getting all rough from summer sandal wear. Feel a bit funky but I like them. I put them on and then put my feet under the electric blanket - a bit like going to a spa.
It is a HUGE bar that exfoliates with a very strong peppermint scent and leaves you feeling tingly all over.  It is not drying as other peppermint soaps I have tried.  It is expensive, but well worth it!
makes you feel good and fresh. i trust and love bliss products!! i will try more products apart of the scrub.
And it's getting harder and harder to find! Great minty smell without being too much and lasts a good while
Bought this for hubby dearest and he loves it. It really wakes you up (it does tend to sting, so be careful when you use it!!!). I would use the soap on hot summer days rather than in the dead of winter like we'd been doing...it can leave you feeling pretty cold after a shower!
As a fan of the Bliss brand I had tried this soap in a sample size and really did like the soap. Left my skin feeling clean, no leftover residue...just nice, clean and refreshed. The reason for the 4 stars is strictly due to the size. The bar didn't fit on my shelves in the shower. I ended up cutting it in half.
A little pricey, but well worth it.  Gives me a charge in the morning and really wakes me up!  Makes you feel cool and tingly all over and I find that I just want to keep on scrubbing!!!  Great product for the summer, b/c the cool feeling you get even lasts for a while after you get out of the shower.  Also, it seems to be concentrated so you don't need a lot of it.  Would have liked it even more if it were a little more moisturizing.  If not for that, and the price, I would have given it a "perfect 5" score.
I already knew I loved this product and when i decided to try locating it online and not in the past mall locations I was beyond pleased with the price points.They arrived on time and you could tell that they where new with the seal still in tact.
I've used this cream before and I am a fan.  Love the fresh, clean smell and it's not greasy.  The only downside for me is that it doesn't last long enough.  I have severly dry hands and although this cream hydrates, I need something to treat.
Makes your eyelids feel very smooth and wrinkle free.  You can wear it alone or put on eyeshadow and see a beautiful flawless lid.  Takes 10 years off your eyelids. The only thing that was disappointing was that the tube is quite small.
This cream makes my skin SING w/JOY when I use it on my face!  I IMMEDIATELY see & feel a distinct difference!  I am one of those people who almost never use the same product more than once or twice, figuring, it's all basically going to perform simularly; plus I don't believe that just because something costs a bunch of cash, it must be much better quality.  I stumbled on this product as a duo bargain purchase through groupon along w/the exfoliating scrub.  The scrub worked pretty well, but if not for this little jar of cream, I probably wouldn't have have looked up Dr. Brandt products.  When I applied this to my cleansed faced, my skin seriously behaved as if I'd been wandering the Sahara for at least a week & immediately sucked it up!  I'm 38, turning 39 later this month & have fair, combination skin.  There are a plethera of moisturizers out there that are not for me because of my combo skin-can be dry but also very oily so I always have blackheads but a lot of moisturizers make me break out.  My skin was immediately softer & smoother-I'm talking like an 80% improvement just on the first application.  I hate the $$$, but it gets the job done right!!  And I hate, even more than high $$, products that don't do what I purchased them to do.
It lasts forever, which is great. I don't think it's a miracle cream or anything, but my eyes look better and feel much more supple than before I used this. I've used it for two months so far, every day.
I like this eye cream.  I am  till searching for an eye cream that is a bit thicker, but I do like this one.
I waited 3 weeks before I wrote this to give the product a fair chance.  I didn't notice anything at first, but after about 2 weeks of twice a day use, I could tell my wrinkles were not as deep/less defined.  I didn't have any of the burning/rash that others had.  However, on the very inner areas of my under-eye skin I did have a few more milia (tiny white pimple bumps) than normal.  I wouldn't consider it a break-out at all, just a few more bumps than usual.  I only got these on the inner soft area though, not everywhere I applied it.  This cream did not help my dark circles as it claimed, but since it helped my wrinkles and helped the puffiness I give it 4 stars.  I still use it.  I am now using this for the outer under area and corners of my eyes, and another cream (clinique all about eyes - great product) in my inner under eye area.  It is hard to find a cream you like - so good luck to all of you looking. You might need to use two products like I do, and there's nothing wrong with that.  I think this product is helpful for light wrinkles and overall a decent purchase.
StriVectin-SD Eye Cream, 1.3-Ounce TubeStriVectin-SD Eye Cream is a product I use with confidence.  It diminishes lines and wrinkles.  I tried the new product for a week and was not impressed.  As long as I can get this product, I will continue to use it.
Very nice product. Its thick and I dont suggest wearing it under make-up. Helps eyed look nice in the AM.
Very popular in Europe for it's wrinkle fighting ability. The price is a bit high, though. I would recommend it to others.
Over the years, in my constant battle with aging, I've tried many name department store, expensive name brand, products.  I heard about Strivectin eye cream and decided to try it.  I've used it for several years and have no intentions of switching to any other product.For price, it cannot be beat.  It costs a fraction of what I paid and the results far exceed those of the department store products.  Using it morning and night, the fine lines at the corner of my eyes are diminished along with the dark circles at the inner corner of my eyes.  It is well absorbed and not too greasy.For all these reasons, I have rated the product as 4 stars.
I like this product, but am not sure it is worth the money. I have bought other products for $5 at my local store and I seem to have similar results.
I have used the SD cream in the past and this seems to work well for me.  It does last a long time.
This has been my eye cream for going on six years and I highly recommend it.  It takes about a month of twice daily applicaton to see a difference in the dark circles and fine lines but once you've got your baseline, the maintenance is easy.  I had forgotten how well it worked when I abruptly stopped using it while I had to undergo some surgery (hysterectomy)and found the dark circles reemerging after a couple weeks... Obviously it's a cumlative effect that you must keep us with.
I order this item for my friend. I received this item very quickly and my friend love this stuff she think it work for her.
but i can see more results here then in the neck cream.  i think all these products need some time and consistent use to really show if they are worth the money or not.
Strivectin products are wonderful. Strivection eye concentrate seems to work just a little better than this & is concentrated so you don't have to use very much.
Each time I used this cream before bed, my eyes would hurt haft of the next day. I could see that it was helping to diminish wrinkles around eyes, but it was too strong for me. I decided to use it on my hands since they looked dry and old. It made a miracle. I don't recognize my hands, they look smooth and much younger. No others creams were helping my hands, this cream started to help immediately.
I had tried all kinds of skin care systems, with different levels of success, but in the end, the Derma Step system works the best, with long lasting results. You can get a free trial and see for yourself here:  [...]
My friend has used it for a long time and told me it's useful .So I bought one to have a try.
I bought this after watching a youtuber recommend this. I've got to say, the first time I used it I was like ??what??This thing has a slightly weird smell and it is very thick and slightly oily to the touch. The exfoliating beads are also barely there. But, the ingredients in this are really good so I decided to use it for a little while and see.After I used this for about 2 weeks, my skin seems to have adjusted to this and I genuinely like it. This makes my skin very soft and smooth. It's really moisturizing and it's cured the flakiness of my skin that usually happens during winters. This might not be as great to use in the summer though but I've really enjoyed the gentle exfoliation of the jojoba beads. Overall, I'd say I'd buy it again next winter to keep my skin baby soft.
I've been using this for the past few weeks now and I like it. I've had no bad reactions to it and overall my skin feels and looks nice. I'm experimenting with cream vs gel cleansers and I like this one, but not sure if I'm completely sold on the cream yet. I do like the beads which help to exfoliate while cleansing.
These gloves, which I find for the most convenience, are best worn when going to sleep at night, are particularly helpful for ezcema suffer's like myself. In the morning my hands are noticeabley more moisturised and they definitely help my ezcema as a result.
Im a fool for most things Borghese. What a diference from American over-priced garbage which do nothing. Dont like wearing much make-up here in Texas. Too hot. So this is light weight, does the job and was the exact color for me.
Borghese lipsticks are one of the best lipsticks on the market. They keep your lips moist and the color stays on.
Really like this lipstick.  The color is lovely and admired by friends.  It is not dry, has moisture.Have  given it to friends, too.Thank you.
I am new to Vincent Longo products.  This is a great color for a sheer SPF15 lipstick.  The name of the product is misleading because this is not a lip stain. This is more like lip gloss in lipstick form.  The application does give the appearance of a natural look; not an opaque color.  It does have to be reapplied several times throughout the day just like any other lipstick.  I like it, though for the color and the creamy natural look.  No fragrance and keeps my lips protected from the sun.  That is a definite plus.  I also apply it to cheeks as a translucent blush.  Planning to purchase the other color Americana.
I like the color and texture and that it is SPF. But the color doesn't stay on your lips after the lipstick wears off, so it's not a stain (which I don't mind at all).
I really like the color of this lipstain.  I have been trying to find one that when put on, it looks like my natural lips except much darker in color.  The only problem I find with this lipstain is that it does not actually stain the lips.  I wish it did because it doesn't last long.  Need to keep applying it throughout the day.
It works pretty good. It definitely helps a lot to use before a shave. The price is good and I'm happy with the purchase.
The brush is great; even my girlfriend uses it. The case in which it comes, however, is useless as it doesn't drain water.
I notice a difference in the smoothness of my face after trying this brush a few times. The build quality is ok and that is why i gave it 4 stars but it actually works on my tough beard. I use in in conjunction with face scrub and the combination works well.
I like the body gloves. They are rough on the skin at first and it does take some getting use to but it does buff away dead skin that we accumulate. I use the gloves once a week and I would recommend using it only once a week because if you use it a lot then you could be harming your skin because of the excessive buffing of the skin. That's my opinion though. If you are having doubt about purchasing the body buff gloves, just give them a try and see if you like them first.
It is smaller than I expected.  The description does not give the length of the travel bag.  The one we're replacing is larger.
I like this product a lot, and would purchase it again if it was cheaper. But I feel that it is overpriced by comparison to other lotions.
I'm a fan of a lot of Jack Black facial products. This moisturizer does the job preventing dry skin. I typically have oily skin, but it can dry out in the winter. Putting this on does not feel too heavy or oily, and the SPF is a nice benefit. Applying this every morning during a full week of skiing, my skin never got red, from either sun or wind burn. My girlfriend likes using it too. I've bought it from Sephora for myself, and got one for her and one for my dad as gifts from Amazon.
Tough to find an after shave lotion that has sun screen.  This product has a slight "sun screen" smell.  Also must pump several times (usually 3) to get enough to cover the entire face.
Good lotion, far better than Dove, Nivea, etc.I've been on the search for a better face lotion for years, where I gradually increase in price to see where the balance of cost/quality is -- with this Jack Black lotion, I feel like I'm closer but not quite there.Much better than the &#34;first tier&#34; of $5 lotions, but I still wind up having to apply it at least 2 or 3 separate times to make my face feel hydrated.Not oily, which is nice...and the smell is very light and fresh, not flowery or unpleasant at all.
This goes on wet and dries in about 1-2 minutes.  Once dry it is not greasy at all.  It does a good job making your skin feel moisturized.  Some have mentioned the smell, but it is very mild and seems more refreshing than anything.  The only complaint is that the pump mechanism didn't work on the bottle I received.  I'd buy this again.
The lotion isn't greasy and has a nice smell to it. Works into skin easily and overall a nice product.
I really like this product. Goes on matte, has a light and neutral scent, and per the manufacturer doesn't have some of the ingredients that have raised health concerns. It is very, very light as a moisturizer so feels more like just putting a sunscreen on. That would probably be preferable for the person with oily skin. I tend to be a little dry so would prefer more moisturizing power but that's me. I would definitely recommend this product for anyone who only wants a very light lotion.
Jack Black is quality stuff. Love their colognes. So when I was looking for a face moisturizer, I took a look at their stuff. This one is a decent moisturizer. Expensive. It feels nice and not oily. Dries up good. I can smell and sense the SPF product in this, as sunscreen products always bother my eyes. For the most part, after I spread it, I'm OK. I only use about a pea size worth, spread it between my hands and rub all over my face and upper neck.
No oil, not thick. Light and smooth with sunscreen. Wish it came in a larger size. Will buy again. Get it
This is what I use daily after my shower to moisturize my face, it's not heavy and doesn't leave my skin greasy. The smell is light which I like, so my cologne or body spray come through and I don't get all these mixing aromas. It gets rid of the tight skin feeling I get if I don't moisturize after showers, and since it's double duty with its sunscreen it adds that bit of extra protection, since I'am outside quite a lot it's a plus.
I am very satisfied with the product as a whole, especially the SPF 20 aspect.  It does not cause any eye irritation while sweating in the sun, as opposed to a regular sun tan lotion.  The only down side, and it is not that significant, is the scent, which could definitely be improved.
First off, I love this product.  Living in Southern California, I need a moisturizer with SPF and this fits the bill nicely.  My only complaint is that a little doesn't go a long way; in other words it takes two-to-three pumps to have enough to rub all over my mug.  Maybe that's just picking nits.  In any case it kind of smells like light baby powder, which I like, and it works like a charm.  I'm a big fan of Jack Black products and this will likely be in my rotation of moisturizers.
Bought this for my husband who is as low maintenance as you can get.  He uses it daily with no complaints and no breakouts.  That's good enough for him and me.
My face has both very dry and very oily places.  This moisturizer works very well.  I use it right after shaving in the morning.  It keeps my skin, especially the dry areas of my cheeks from looking dessicated.  Ok, that's a bit of an overstatement, but I can tell by looking in the mirror this moisturizer does the trick.  And the fact that it protects against sun damage is an added bonus, especially on weekends when I tend to be outside more.  It takes about three pumps to get enough to massage into my skin.  The amount that comes out per pump is very small.  I've been using this for a few weeks and am guessing at this rate it will last a couple of months.  The price is reasonable compared to other products out there.  And it doesn't leave any smell on my skin.  And it doesn't hurt at all even if I put it on immediately after shaving.
I've been trying kihels stuff and other &#34;good&#34; brands but this one is way better!It's very light and goes on great. My face does eventually get oily so not a 5.
This is my favorite thing to use for my skin.  Living in AZ I need sun protection AND moisturizer, so this product supplies both, and does both well.  Some say they don't like the smell, I happen to like it. The smell is crisp and fresh, but it dissipates quickly. I now use this alone, with no need for a separate moisturizer and sun block.
Really good stuff.  When you put it on it doesn't feel greasy or thick like some of the other moisturizers or lotions I have used in the past.
I got a sample of this product a while back and really liked it.  It absorbs good and also is SPF 20 to help from the sun.  Been using it total time of about 2 months.
I have purchased 2 bottles already. The lotion is light and quickly absorbs. It does not leave my face with a &#34;shine&#34; glow, which is what I shoot for.  The SPF was definitely a plus,
I have been using the Jack Black Face Moisturizer with SPF 20 for over a month now. I pump the bottle five times into my hand and use half for each side of my face every morning. The lotion absorbs quickly and does protect my face from the sun. It smells slightly like baby powder but the smell goes away quickly. I'm not certain I will buy this product again once I run out but I will have no problem buying it if no other product fits my criteria: SPF, face lotion, won't burn my eyes if I sweat, designed for men, and has a neutral smell.
This is a smooth and pleasant cream that leaves the face feeling soft and moist, but not sticky. Mine came in a small bottle with a dispenser top which measures out just the right amount of lotion. I use it as an after shave product because the Jack Black post shave product is crappy.
This is a great moisturizer/sunblock. my skin tends to form those "skin flakes" after shower/shaving and this item takes them away instantly using only a few amounts of this product. it feels light on my skin(it can depend on how much you use per application). you will notice a difference to your face after putting this product on. from dull flaky skin, now a there is little bit of "shine" in some parts of the face right after using this product. i do not think this is greasy. i have used other face moisturizer and this one is my favorite(at least for now). its overpriced tho.
Seems to work well.  Great seller.
I first used this product when I received a sample of the Jack Black Double Duty Moisturizer and used it for a few days. I didn't realize it is a "men's product" (but apparently, a lot of women use the brand too).  I liked it so much, I ordered a tube from Amazon. It's not greasy and goes on smooth and makes a great base for my foundation, probably because of the rice algae and sea parsley ingredients. It's a great daytime moisturizer. I will probably switch off occasionally because my skin is 50+ and sometimes needs a little "plumping" with a richer cream.  It does have a scent. I don't find it mediciney like other reviewers have mentioned, more like a faint reminder of Noxzema. I find it pleasing, but maybe it's because it makes me nostalgic for my teen years.
I've used this Jack Black product for several years and decided to purchase the larger version as it was a much better price per ounce.  The moisturizer is an excellent product - light weight on your face, just enough moisturizer, good sun protection and it doesn't clog my pores.  Would have been 5 stars except the shipping was so slow (arrived a week after promised date).
I'm not entirely sure it's worth the $48 price tag, it's difficult to tell how long the bottle will last, but it's definitely a very high quality men's moistrurizer.  Not at all greasy, and in fact, leaves my skin feeling taught.  Used with the Jack Black facial wash, exfoliator, and peeling pads, it's made a noticeable difference in my skin.If price isn't a major concern (and look, folks, we're talking about spending $48 on moisturizer) this is a pretty darn good product.I'll likely buy it again.Update:  As of Dec. 2013, I'm still on the first bottle.  DEFINITELY worth the $48!
I just received the moisturizer yesterday and used for the first time this morning. I'll update my review as time goes by. First impressions...I was hesitant to spend so much for a bottle this size but if it works as well as the reviewers state then it would be worth it to me. A few have complained about the smell but I did not find it offensive or overpowering. I can best describe the smell as &#34;soapy&#34;. It did not take very much moisturizer to cover my face but I may have to use more in the future since it is a light moisturizer.More to come as I use it over the next month....
Excellent product. A little expensive for the amount you get. Had to quit using becauseit seemed to clog pores on my face and make me break out. Went to a greaseless skinmoisturizer and have been pleased.
I love the color of this topaz kajal eye liner but I don't feel like it lasts very long in the waterline and that's what i wanted it for.
This eyeliner is the best it's truly black and stands out. It smudges a little bit but it lasts for days on end. that is a good or bad thing considering it stays but when i try and wash it off it's still there..
I tried this product based on a recommendation by Maria Menounos.  It is a very dark eyeliner which I like.  It smudges by the end of the day.  I still recommend it though for the way it makes eyes pop.
Searching for a replacement for traditional kajal and kohl, I tried this. It works well enough to make a nice travel eyeliner. Kajal is applied to the inner most edge of the eyes, not all eye liner will work. This goes on pretty well, pretty dark, gives a smoldering look, and seems to stay put. I'm not a fan of pencils though, be they self sharpinging, or need to be sharpened by hand- because I can never get that perfect point back. This one is OK so far, we'll see how it works when I need to sharpen it.Additional- It sharpens great and has become my favorite fast Kajal.
UPDATE #2 - Just manually sharpened for the first time and it sharpened well. A very tiny bit broke off, but is OK in the end. I still wish it was a "twist up" style. Nevertheless, I use it often and like it. Seems like it may last longer than I originally expected.UPDATE - I just realized that this eyeliner pencil has to be sharpened, not twisted, to expose additional product. I guess I shouldn't try new products when I'm tired...In general I prefer automatic (twist) eyeliners to those that need manual sharpening. I'd give it 5 stars if it was self-sharpening.Original comment: This product itself seems to be very good. Works on lower inner eyelid perfectly. However, the one I received might be defective, because it is impossible to twist the pencil to expose more liner. I'm thinking that even though the pencil is about 7" long, the liner is only about 3/16 of an inch...I used it once and it seems like I might get two or three more applications before the pencil is depleted.
I bought this eyeliner in Topaz for my waterline and I have to say, it goes on really damn smoothly. I barely touch it to my skin and it just glides on. I've never had any problems with eye irritation or itching while using it. Only problem is that it can smudge or smear a bit, especially if you touch your eyes.
I watched a makeup tutorial where it recommended this Stila Kajal Eye Liner in color, &#34;Topaz&#34; to brighten the eyes but applying it to the inside/water line of the eyes.  I used it this morning and really notice a difference.
This is a good soft pencil for lining your lower and upper waterline. It stays on amazingly well. I don't use it as my main liner, so I'm sure it will last a long time for the money spent.
I have used many concealers through the years due to the dark circles under my eyes. Stila makes a great concealer. I have light skin, and I really needed a shade or 2 lighter but for the price it is good enough for now. I have blonde hair and light skin....this shade reminds me of a foundation color that would be good for me.
Doesn't last as long as I had hoped.  Like the coverage for the most part and it could be just that it is summer and sweat etc makes it hard to last long.
Since I am a enrolled in PRIME as expected, package arrived 2 days later. At first I decided to use this product over my tinted moisturizer and that backfired. It looked cakey underneath my eye where the crease was. Not too happy but I didn't give up. The next time I used it under my tinted moisturizer and this time it covered really well all day. Haven't got the chance to take photos with this stuff but so far I am happy. Is it worth the 20$ I'm not so sure yet.
I am new to Stila and purchased the Perfecting Concealer after reading the reviews. I typically don't use concealer since I'm a foundation user but the price and reviews were right. I'm thrilled that you only need a tiny dot to go a long way! This will last me quite a while and I'll be sure to buy more when the time is right. The coverage is very good but you need to (again) use a very small amount and really blend it in good. Too much and your skin will look yellow in spots.
This is a great hand and body lotion. Absorbs quickly and smells great. Has a nice masculine scent. The only drawback is that it contains parabens. I hope Jack Black takes the parabens out at some point. This would perfect the product.
As a gift for my son in his 20s, he is pleased with the product.  Claims it is not greasy and has a nice scent for men.
I meant to order the Beard Lube but clicked and ordered this by mistake.I use a lot of their products.  It does a good job moisturizing while smelling great.  I get lots of compliments on the smell which is nice to find one that smells more masculine.
Very light, grease-less and easy to use moisturizer. Light masculine scent doesn't overpower. Smells fresh and clean. I love it!!
Its got a refreshing scent, but leaves much to be desired in terms of actually moisturizing my skin. I really want to like this product more, it smells great but simply does not provide the protection I need like my gold bond does
I grabbed this for my bikini zone and it works well enough. I don't mind the smell and, unlike many other post shave gels I've tried, this doesn't leave my skin feeling sticky or coated in a weird film. I haven't noticed any 'cooling' sensation after using it, but it does seem to help with irritation after shaving sometimes. It -is- a small bottle, but I only end up using a drop for each side of my bikini zone so I'm sure this will last quite some time.
This is a fantastic aftershave in the sense it doesn't leave your skin raw and dry. It is one of the better moisturizers and you only need a small quantity to cover the whole face.The downside, is, of course, there is no "cooling" sensation, so I don't get that claim. Alas, the product works well otherwise, so it isn't that big a deal.
I bought this knowing it was not going to be a "cooling sensation" aftershave. However, the actual product works wonders on my irritated skin. I usually use a pea size of this stuff and gently massage it into the skin. I usually wait about 15 minutes and then apply the daily moisturizer.I would TRULY recommend that you use an exfoliating cream in the shower before shaving, as this will greatly reduce the amount of ingrown hairs after a shave. (I also use it the very next day to keep the dead skin cells off my face after a clean shave.)If you need a cooling sensation, look elsewhere. But if you want a quality product that truly softens the skin and soothes it with VERY little needed . . . look no further.
I've not used any kind of post shave product before, so I wasn't sure what to expect when I bought this product. It smells good and applies easily and definitely soothes any kind of irritation almost instantly. As others have said, it doesn't provide an actual &#34;cooling&#34; feeling on your face but I wasn't expecting that when I bought the product so no disappointment there.Overall this is a solid product and if you want to spend the extra money to take care of your face then I'd recommend this product.
Nice, soothing and fragrance free aftershave gel. It is a gel and not a lotion so there is no oily residue. A little goes a long way, dime size squeeze is all you need
The product works well enough, but I'm just not sure the price is justified, there are others that do the same for less.  If it were priced lower, I would certainly buy it again.
This is great aftershave, does a good job at cutting down on my razor burn and makes my skin feel very smooth all day. My only complaint is the cost. Although it works better than most cheaper products, I feel like the additional price is a bit steep. It doesnt have much of a smell, which I don't mind but some people may.
This aftershave is great.I do notice a little of that &#34;aloe residue&#34; feel.  It's not horrible, but I do notice it now and again throughout the day.  That's just me.I think it's tad pricey, but it's a great product and certainly cheap enough to try once.  Who knows - it may be your favorite and worth every penny!
Excellent texture, non-greasy, pleasant smell, very soothing and refreshing, but... small size and high cost. I started looking for alternatives and found at a local international (Korean) supermarket a Korean-made 92% Aloe Vera gel in a very large plastic jar. It is sooooothing and smells nicely, although not as nicely and is not as cooling as Jack Black.If it were about half the price (e.g. $10), I wouldn't look for alternatives...
good cooling gel, but the price was no better than getting it at the store. so, next time if the price is the same, i'll buy it at the mall.
I have two bottles...one with the mica sparkles and one without.the product description says it's all natural and silicone-free...that is inaccurate...the first ingredient is cyclomethicone which is a silicone...these are harmless silicones however...btw, cyclomethicone is in 90% of beauty products and it is safe-- (check it out online, etc.).the smell is lovely, elegant, understated, daily wear...the oils would be better blended if jojoba was added but oh well...still nice.
This is the first dry oil I ever used. Very nice. Not oily at all. Can even ruin my hands through my hair with it.
Smells great and is very nice on skin, but hardly the revolutionary product I had read it was. I have to apply a couple of times for moisture.
I don't usually wear makeup, so I'm not sure how this would work under foundation. Without makeup, it gives me a bit of a dewy look. It definitely helps with the extra dryness caused by winter, but I'm curious as to what it will do to my skin in humidity. If you use it on your hair, use it sparingly!! I still haven't found a good way to use it on my hair since I always let my hair air dry.
Based on good reviews, I decided to try this product. Very impressive. This product is exceptionally good for an oil. It does go on dry on your skin if you apply right after the shower. It does not feel greasy at all like baby oil after applying. The fragrance can be a little overpowering when you first apply it (that explains 4 stars),but not to worry, the smell evaporates after 10 minutes or so. You could apply little bit of it to hair too..makes my hair shiney. Overall..would recommend this product.
i was dubious in buying this product, but after i saw all the great reviews i decided on buying it. i was not disappointed.I usually use Rosehip Oil on my face in the evenings. But ive heard said that you need to "mix up" your beauty routine or your skin gets used to it.So i noticed my skin looking a bit dull, i wanted to find another face oil.I started using this whilst i was pregnant, and my skin was in desperate need of some TLC. When i had used rosehip oil for the first time, i noticed a difference the next day in my skin . With this i did not notice anything "amazing". But that could be due to pregnancy?But a few days later my skin was not dry anymore and it had taken dry patches off my face and hair line.Also, the day of my c section, i used this on my face in the morning, and everyone was telling me i looked really good and had glowing skin.I still use it now and a little goes A LONG way.Its also really nice on hair.It makes ones hair look really shiny and luxurious.All in all, when this runs out i will definitely buy it again.It also smells lovely too.Oh and great price! It also came beautifully packed by the seller i bought it from too.
the citrus smell of this oil is fairly strong so beware if you intend to use other type of perfume. otherwise, not a bad investment for daily use for dry skin/hair.  supposedly it can be used on face as well, but how many people will actually spray chemicals onto their face near their eyes? sometimes the French are not the most practical...
Does exactly what I'd hoped.  Great for dry "ends".However, I DON'T like using it with the flat iron, as the ends seem to get "fried" as opposed to conditioned.IMHO, better to style your hair first, then apply to ends as final leave-in -- NO heat necessary, as it absorbs very quickly.If you've got super long hair and dry ends, try this:Squirt or spray ONCE on fingers and run thru to the ends.Roll hair in a bun overnite.Next day -- works like a charm; leaves hair nice n' wavy with lots of body n' bounce.It's a fab skin oil too.  Fabulous fragrance.Love it!01-16-14 UPDATE:  BE CAREFUL!  I dropped the bottle!The bottle has been leaking and it's taken me a MONTH to figure out why!About a month ago, the bottle slipped out of my hand.  I never saw the "chip" in the glass and couldn't figure out where the oil was leaking from until today.So, BE CAREFUL when handling.  Can be slippery!Unfortunate -- considering the price.:>(
I tried a sample of this product and reall liked it. I went ahead and purchased a bottle and I am very pleased with my purchase. This oil is not greasy and helps moisturizer my skin  during  this very harsh winter. I would get this product again.  My only complaint is the scent is a bit strong at first, and I wish it came in a pump bottle instead of shaking it out of the bottle top like you would salad oil.
I love the sweet, beachy smell and how quickly it dries. Main deterrent is the price tag.Skin feels softer and more supple right away, but I'm not sure about the long term benefits of the natural oils on the skin as I've only used the oil for a couple of weeks.
Hard to describe the scent..fresh and bright, yet soft.  On me the scent lasts all day.  Seems to absorb into my skin quite well but using it in summer will be a better test (my skin is much drier in the winter).  Nice heavy glass bottle, which of course becomes slippery as soon as I have the oil on my hands.  I don't wear perfume, but for those who do, this would definitely compete or be a substitute signature scent.
I really like this product - it moisturizes the skin but it's not magical stuff (ladies know what I mean by magical). My eyes are very sensitive and this product causes NO irritation.
This feels cool when applied which I like. I don't know if it gets rid of wrinkles or anything. It is moisturizing without being greasy which is important to me.
Just some up front info - I am in my mid-thirties, caucasian and have combo skin. I am not breakout prone and spent a lot of time in the sun as a kid and teenager and in tanning booths as a young adult - WITHOUT SUNSCREEN. I know. And now I live in the desert so the skin around my eyes gets particularly dry. Anyway, I find this kind of info helps when evaluating a beauty product since what works for some doesn't work for all. I have tried lots of different eye creams/complexes (Estee Lauder, Strivectin, Kinerase, Peter Thomas Roth, Origins, Dior, Clinique, etc.) so I know whereof I speak on this topic. This eye cream is great for a few reasons. 1) I find it satisfactorily reduces dark circles for me. I don't have very dark ones but I do have them and they are worse when my kids have a bad night. This helps. 2) It noticeably reduces puffiness around my eyes. I look at a computer screen some of the day and love to read so the eye strain shows in the skin around my eyes. This helps. 3) It is sufficiently moisturizing for me. It goes on smoothly, is absorbed well, is not greasy and seems to plump out fine lines and wrinkles. A little goes a long way. So if those sound like your issues, this cream may be great for you as well. I do recommend the pen form of this product as my jar product dried out dramatically before I could get through it all. It was like trying to spread clay on my eyelids after a while. Probably just my climate causing that issue. The stuff in my pen is still golden.
I have been using this moisturizer for a couple of weeks now and while I haven't noticed a dramatic difference in my pores I do like the cream.  It seems rather heavy at first but goes on smoothly and absorbed very quickly into my skin.  There is a rather strong odor of tea tree oil which doesn't bother me bit and I like knowing that I am getting the benefits of it on my skin; if you are unfamiliar with this odor and want something light and perfume-y this odor might be off-putting.  I have found that with the colder weather setting in that there are some dry spots on my face that need a second application of this moisturizer but at the end of the day I am pleased with my skin's overall appearance and don't find it to be extra oily or super dry, which means this moisturizer seems to be doing it's job!
This dr. brandt Pores No More Pore Effect Refining Cream comes in a gorgeous blue container with a screw on lid. The cream is white, thick and has a tea tree scent to it.The scent is unfortunately a problem in my household. I personally think it is fainter than other tea tree oil products I have used, and I do not mind it. However, my Husband and my dog do. When I wear it my dog goes crazy and tries to sniff (and possibly lick...) my face. I have to fight him off. At the same time my Husband has a hard time kissing me because he says the smell is strong and awful. I have made them deal with it for the last 2-3 weeks in order to do this review, but I do not think I will be buying this product again because of the scent. If you are sensitive to smells, this may not be the product for you.With that being said; it does work! I have definitely noticed a difference in my pores. I have particularly focused on my nose which gets blackheads. They are so much smaller now. I wouldn't be surprised if continuous use of this No More Pore cream eliminated them.I also have oily skin and I am very sensitive about what I have on my face. This cream did not make my skin oily or gross feeling. It actually seemed to have helped with my oil control some. The cream feels light and airy and a little bit goes a long way.Overall, I really like this cream. I will not continue to use it because of the scent. If you like the tea tree scent, then I would recommend this pore refining cream.
I liked the product very much. Non greasy texture, moisturizes your skin. Helps keeping pores clear. I still have black heads, but they are definitely smaller. Now remember there's no miracle cream, don't expect clear pores from day 1.... you need to be consistent with your skin care.
I've been using this cream for 3 weeks. The non-greasy cream is easy to apply and feels smooth and soothing on my face. I've already had problems with pores, and my skin is on the oily side. So far I've seen some positive effect in cleaning up some of my pores, but the jury is still out on whether it'll work on the more stubborn ones -- I've never found a product that works consistently in the long run.  I hope to report back after another few weeks -- and I need to decide whether to buy one of these or not once I run out of the sample sent to me by Amazon Vine.
dr. brandt's Pores No More Pore Effect Refining cream is designed to reduce oily skin and clean pores.  On the whole it actually works rather well in this regard.The cream is housed in an attractive container.  The cream is white and has a pudding-like texture that quickly thins when it hits the heat of your skin and spreads thinly. Very little cream goes a long way--my 14-year-old daughter and I used this together on a daily basis and the container is still mostly full and will likely last 3 to 4 months.  The cream does have an astringent smell to it--most likely because of the tea tree oil--but it's not too bad once it is spread over your face.The active ingredients are likely the salicylic acid and tea tree oil, ingredients that you can certainly find in other products.  The major difference between this and less expensive products is probably the base, which is extremely smooth and easy to spread.The cream definitely reduced the oiliness of my skin and did so without causing excessive dryness or any irritation.  Although not touted as an 'acne cream,' my daughter hasn't had any breakouts from her acne since using the cream and is incredibly satisfied with it.  As to making pores disappear, neither my daughter or I noticed any decrease in pore size (but certainly our pores didn't get bigger).At its present price it does seem costly, but it really goes a long way--if it lasts four or five months when used by one person it is probably inexpensive compared to lesser creams that have to be used in larger quantities for adequate coverage.On the whole, this is a product that delivers on its promises. As to a product endorsement, once we are done with the sample my daughter wants me to buy her more.  Recommended.
This is a decent product to help improve cell turnover and prevent breakouts.  It does contain salicylic acid, which is good for preventing blackheads.  I found the product a nice creamy consistency.  My only complaint is that I found it a bit drying on my combination skin.
I liked this cream as a general moisturizing product, and I could also see that it has some impact on my pores.  However, I am not sure if it is just my sensitive skin or if it is a side effect of the pore reducing, but I had some problems with breakouts when I used it.  I will have to use it longer to really see.
Dr. Brandt's Lineless Eye Cream really does reduce or eliminate fine lines around the eyes, as well as reducing puffiness.  For that, it is well worth the money.  However, it's dispenser leaves a little to be desired:  the cream left at the end of the pump hardens between uses, thus wasting product.  Also, the small .5 oz. pump dispenser is shipped in a box about 5 times its size, which is also a huge waste!
This is great at removing all those fine lines under your eyes.  Definitely looks better after use. Just wish it would do more for the dark circles.
I purchased this eye cream to use in the winter. It has some decent amount of plant oil in it. It goes on smoothly and sinks in smoothly. It moisturizes very well. I don't have any negative reaction to it. I also prefer the pump packaging over jars. Skin scream packaged in jars generally go stale quickly because repeated exposure to air.
This is a very feminine scent...the vanilla (at least on me) seems to be the most noticeable note.  The bottle is a blast, however.  Again, on me, the scent does not last for a long time - unlike the other scents I typically wear, but this is light and I might even say reminds me of powder.
I loved it on my daughter she received a small bottle from her aunt as a gift and I always love it on her, for me it was a wowza ! what's that you're wearing experience. Not so much when I wear it, different chemistry I suppose.
THIS IS AN EXCELLENT PRODUCT VERY GREATEST AND BEAUTIFUL. IT HAVE ESPECTACULAR FRANGANCE AND VERY GOOD. VERY VERY VERY GOOD
Just love this intoxicating parfume. Actually, I haven't opened the package this time and I have no reason to believe that the contents are any different from previous purchases. From order to packaging, it was flowless.
This has got to be one of my favorite perfumes.Shipping was fast and item was well packaged.The scent lasts for a long time on me.Next time I will order the bigger bottle
I love this perfume! It's quickly become my favorite summer fragrance :). I didn't give this 5 stars cause unfortunately the scent wears off quickly :( but I still love it.
I bought it for a girl and was a bit skeptical but when it arrived, it smelled great and when I gave it to her she absolutely loved it.
Smells just like the perfume and lasts surprisingly long for a deodorant spray. My only problems are that it evaporates from the bottle very quickly and that the bottle itself is a cheap plastic material. Almost make me question its legitimacy.
I have used this product before.  It is creamy and sets semi matte. I wear my foundation moderate to full coverage and like to use this for touch-ups (T-zone mostly) for the following reasons: it goes on quick and easy. For my budget it is expensive and try to stretch the life. For more coverage in spot areas, I will dab with my fingertip as using a sponge (I believe) absorbs 50% more product. The micro-screen over the foundation is effective in controlling too much product being transferred to the sponge at once.Results are beautiful!
Beautiful finish, but doesn't last more than a few hours. I still buy it because it's the only makeup I've found that provides decent coverage without looking like a mask.
I've used several of stila's foundation and tinted moisturizers and wasn't very impressed. so when I ordered this one (it was on sale) I didn't have a high expectation. However it seems to work very well for my skin. I have combination skin with some sun spots on my cheeks. This foundation is light enough to let my skin breath yet has enough coverage to minimize the look of the dark spots. The bottle looks nice too. I wish it comes with SPF though.
NICE PRODUCT, NO IRRITATING SMELL, NOT QUITE AS MATTE AS I WOULD HAVE LIKED, BUT DOES COVER REALLY WELL.  I WOULD RECOMMEND IT HIGHLY.
Still like the idea of the combination compact and like how it goes on.  I do not carry this with me and use a &#34;poof&#34; style brush with it.  Be careful about dropping it though--the pressed powder just turns into dust.  Guessing it has less &#34;something&#34; (oil?) in it and it doesn't stick together as much.  No one intends to drop their compact on the counter but it does happen.  This one takes the hit really badly.
Does a nice job for older skin. shades are hard to decide on by mail. I do like the coverage. And good for my skin.
I did like this makeup once I figured out how to use it. It goes on pasty. I am fair complected and the latte was still too light for my skin. You have to work with it more so than any other foundation I have tried other than pancake. I use it as a backup and will not repeat this purchase. It went on pastey and had to be blended and then repeated several times before I achieved a desireable finish...not flawless but desireable.
This is a nice cream mask.  Makes your face feel very hydrated after using.  I use a few times a week and it has improved my complexion in the last month.
i've been buying this for years - first found it in Paris - the only thing is that the refreshing scent fades quickly.
Does this work as long or as well as the aluminum laced extra-strength antiperspirant sticks sold in the supermarket?  No of course not.  It is however the very best preforming deodorant I have used to fight the bacteria causing 'pit stink'.  If you are working out or your day job is more strenuous than sitting at a desk, you will probably need to reapply at least once a day.  For me, I can put this on after my morning shower and make it to bed 14 hours later without worry.  If I really stick my nose in my armpit and pull in a big whiff, I can maybe identify a slight odor.  This is a big improvement over every other tea tree oil, eucalyptus, or even regular store bought deodorant I've tried.This won't stop you from sweating but will nearly eliminate any odor from normal perspiration throughout the day.  It does so without any aluminum which is now strongly being linked to Alzheimer's Disease.  I can't live forever, but I'd rather it be my heart or liver that goes before my mind!My wife has found this to be a great product to use during her pregnancy.  She sweats way more than I do, and while dedicated to reducing her chemical intake during her pregnancy, was getting sick of the end-of-day stink with every other natural deodorant she tried.  The lack of scent made it easy for her to start borrowing my stick.
I didn't start buying this because I'm picky about personal products, or due to a phobia about antiperspirants. I bought it because I was tired of my Ts and wifebeaters getting stained from the residue that antiperspirants leave. In that respect the product has performed well and probably pays for itself. It also has the virtue of being scentless. As a deodorant it's OK, but if you have a stressful day (e.g. being chased by a pack of wild dogs, strangers brandishing handguns, etc.) you'll probably notice that it has stopped working. It comes in a nice package that is sized to be TSA compliant and, for being so small, lasts quite a while. My only complaint is that it feels somewhat greasy when applied.All in all a good product. Like I said, I keep buying it!
Really digging this deodorant. I have found it difficult to find a natural product that works for me. I care about being a healthy human and really don't like to use or eat processed crap. I admit that I have to use Right Guard Clinical Strength during a very active day though... or night out. MenScience is great. I always give myself a smell check after putting it on and it smells salty. Then it goes away and smells like nothing. Not great with the perspiration, but controls the smell and makes you feel clean. Overall, would recommend the product. Worth the price.
Aluminum-free.  That's the most important.  Yes, you will still perspire, but you won't stink!  It doesn't have much of a smell at all, and I like that.  The less ingredients, the better.  It's very slick, almost don't know if you've put it on or not, but rest assured you did.  No need to slather it on either, just a quick swipe or three and you're good to go.  4 stars because, man, it sure is expensive!
I'm not a big sweater and have always hated the choice of either no protection or yellow undershirts.  No more do I have to make that choice.  This does as advertised, although when applying fresh out of the shower do leave some discomfort for 10-15 minutes.Works as advertised, I'm happy.
This is a really good deodorant without all the harsh chemicals that are in most deodorants out there. I have been using this deodorant for a while and I must say I'm very pleased with this product. It goes on the skin clear and the smell is fragrance free which is good. I must say that this deodorant is a product that i plan on purchasing over and over again because it is such a good quality deodorant.
This is really good aluminum free deodorant. It works all day for me!! The only thing I don't like about it is, it costs way too much!!! When I first bought this it was $17.00 and now it costs $19.00 If the price goes up again I will not buy it again!
If you are looking for a fragrance free (no parfum), no aluminium, no alcohol deogerant then look no further. This may be the one for you.
product is good but look like it was returned and sold to me. brought before came in plastic bag the one I got looked it was open yes had seal on it
I have used this deodorant for several months now.  I find that this guy is easy to apply, it glides easily onto the underarms.  It is unscented which I like.  It is not sticky or powdery.  It works well for me.  It seems to be long lasting and I am even able at times to have it last for two days rather than one (including shower in between).I bought this product for underarm sensitiviy.  I have struggled with several other brands.  This one has not irritated my underarms or caused a reaction.Nice product.  Price point is high but good quality and performance.
I bought this a few months back, along with another supposed alcohol free deodorant. I prefer this one over the other, Anthony Logistics one.This one goes on smoother. The other kind of grabs onto my skin when I'm applying it. This one doesn't have much of a fragrance, but that's fine with me, because that's why I use cologne.For decades I used old spice high endurance deodorant and didn't think much of changing. About a year or two ago I noticed that my armpits were really itchy at night. After my fiance mentioned something about companies of skin products using a lot of alcohol to make their products, I began to think of my deodorant and how quickly it evaporated from my skin. Although it provided good odor prevention, it definitely contained a lot of alcohol and I'm sure that's what caused my itchiness.So i set off looking for an alcohol free deodorant and found this MenScience stick.I've only bought one stick and have been using it for a few months, but in that time, I've become a fan. I believe I will purchase this again, and even though it is expensive, it's worth the money. My armpits aren't nearly as dry and itchy at night and that means a lot. Oh yeah, I've worked outside in the 90 degree heat with it on and it's been just as good as old spice for eliminating odor.
This is a very good product and works fairly well.  Long days I can tell it can't quite cover a long day.  However, I think it works better than anything I've used.
Definitely a great product.  Lasts all day long (although I've yet to test it on a hot day or after rigorous activity), and doesn't have any scent at all to speak of.  Take note that this isn't an antiperspirant, so if you're a heavy sweater, you might want to look elsewhere.  The natural ingredients are also great.  I used to be an Old Spice user and would occasionally experience a sting or some discomfort after applying it.  Nothing of the sort happens here.  Will be buying again.I do wish it lasted a little longer.  I sweat when I sleep and some mornings I wake up and this has definitely worn off, where the more commercial products endured.  However, I'll take a little pre-shower smelliness over the heavy perfume scents from the other brands.  This also doesn't leave any traces (smell or visually) on my clothes, which is awesome.
on my search for something that doesn't cause me to itch this does a pretty good job. only a little itching but the residue makes me knock off one star. the material sticks to the hair and doesn't get to my skin as easy. overall it works though
5/5 protection, even after intense workouts.4/5 The construction on this is sturdy and in some weird way heavy - which is nice.  However the push design on this is not the most reliable.
fragrance free, lasts all day long and does not irritate my skin. For me it is more than enough. Perfect.
I have tried numerous natural deodorants and prior to using MenScience the only one that worked for me was one I had purchased in Australia. Great product.
This worked really great for a while it has no smell to it at all and would keep B.O. At bay without any perfume smell masking it like most deodorants. I now use arm and hammer which is much cheaper and still works great.
I decided to use this deodorant for about a year before writing a review.  I'm impressed!This deodorant has the features I'm looking for.  It is unscented!  It does NOT contain aluminum salts.  It works VERY well for me, even in small amounts, and I usually require something strong.  It DOESN'T leave cakes of crap under my arms.  It' lasts all day.  It works great in the humid summer months!If you are coming from an antiperspirant, then be warned, you will sweat some.  This is NOT an true antiperspirant!  It's a deodorant.Some sensitive people will feel a stinging sensation under the arms from this deodorant.  I feel it every once in a while, but most days I do not, and if I do it doesn't last long.Let's talk about the real issue here.  The price.  You get a little bitty stick for a whopping 17$.  Yeah, it sucks, but it's worth it to me.  I find that I can get away with using less with my armpit hairs trimmed down, then the stick lasts longer.  I subtract one star for the price.
Pros:-Non-scented (ideal if you don't want it to clash with your own fragrance)-Sturdy packaging-Eliminates odor fairly wellCons:-A bit expensive-Slightly burning sensation when applying for first time, barely noticeable now-Doesn't offer 12 hour protection, probably requires reapplication after heavy sweating
I have used many natural deodarants and I must say that this one is the best so far. It will keep body oder at bay much longer then the less expensive ones. I will warn you that if you have very sensitive skin it may not be for you. It can make your arm pit skin a little red but it did not irritate me. Other then the redness here and there it is the best natural deodarant there is. I have used it for four months and will continue to use it.
Works great as a deodorant and will not irritate the under arm area.  I have been using this product for 2 years.
i'm just another guy leaving a review. this product is a lifesaver!! i wish i knew about it sooner.all i can say is when your tired of smelling like a homeless person at the end of your workday,this product will help you.
I prefer this over my thai crystal.  It's more expensive, but it's less sloppy to apply.  At least your armpits won't be dripping water down your torso until it dries.Lasts about 8 hours of average activity for me, which includes commuting through Manhattan and attending classes.Make sure you apply a generous amount, not just 1-2 dainty swipes.It'll never be as good as an aluminum deoderant as far as odor protection, but it's a worthy substitute.
The deodorant did not irritate my son's armpits. It works okay. It doesn't have an odor at all. The price is a little too high, but worth it in the long run.
This deodorant has been a great find.  It effectively prevents underarm odor throughout the day.  Would be nice if it had wider availability.
I have suffered with razor bumps for decades and was surprised to find a liquid that works. The downside is that you have to use it often to keep the bumps away. This might cause over drying.
This product has the same ingredients as some of the expensive acne treatment products but at a much lower price.  I don't have much acne but I used to use a $60 prescription gel to maintain a clear complexion and this produce works just as well.  The only thing I don't care for with this product is that the product is a water like liquid and I would prefer something a little thicker but other than that it's a great product for me to maintain a clear complexion.
I have had trouble with other acne treatments clogging my pores and actually making the acne worse.  This product did not do this.  It helped more than many topical treatments I have tried.  I use it once a day at bedtime and I did not have any problems with over dryness.  It is non-miraculous though.  I have cystic acne and most of the topical treatments (including antibiotics) did not help at all.  It has a pleasant herbal smell.
The best one I've run across yet. good smell. doesn't overdry skin. leaves you feeling clean.  better than some other jack black products
I really like this face wash. It works and I won't have to buy face wash for awhile. Woot woot!
Noticeable improvement in face being less oily and I thought it was spendy but just a little nickle-size amount on the hand is all that they recommend using which means this will last quite a long time and I think it is cool that they don't recommend overusing it just to get you to buy more, which they kind of do that with their moisturizer.
Does the job. I use some of the other Jack Black products, and especially like the electric pre-shave. Don't know if I'd use this every day though, as I'm afraid it would dry out my skin too much.
Good Daily facial cleanser.  Works very well after shaving and is gentle enough for daily use without drying my skin.
I have sensative skin that drys out easily so finding a daily product has always been difficult for me. The pure clean does the trick for me. I read about it in Men's Health and gave it a shot. A little pricey but I feel you get what you pay for. The product is gently and cleans well yet does NOT dry me out, which is unlike EVERY other product out there. I would definately recommend this to anyone who has skin issues such as sensativety and oilyness. I also really like the smell!
simple facial cleanser, no overpowering scent.  Not overdrying and the pump dispenser works well in the shower.  Another quality Jack Black product
This cleanser is mild enough for everyday use yet strong enough to remove oils and clean pores.  I would recommend this product to any guy looking for everyday clean and protection.
I purchased 6 fl oz pack and 15 dollars is good price for that stuff.  this cleanser is not bad but it's just a cleanser.
Great facial cleanser.Remove grease effectively without drying my skin.The only down side is the packaging.It's very easy to squeeze out too much because of the soft tubing.I would recommend the bigger bottle for better packaging.
I liked this product very much. I feel refreshed after cleaning my face with this. But after few minutes my skin becomes rough and I feel little burning sensation on my face.
While this is an excellent product, I'm not sure that it's worth as much as they're charging for it.  Nivea and Neutrogena both make face washes that I think are just as good for half the price.If you're going to splurge on a Jack Black product, I'd recommend trying the beard lube (shaving cream), which is the only product they make that I find really superior to the less expensive options.
I bought this product because my previous Clinique face wash was getting watered down in my shower towards finishing the bottle.  I guess shower water was seeping into the bottle somehow.So far, this product works great.  I only need a quarter  size amount to work up into a pretty good lather to wash my face and neck.  It doesn't dry out my skin and it smells great - like sage.  I will most likely buy this again!  The only downside is that it's $30 but I don't know what this translates to cost wise per day.
I like this pencil a lot although it is too warm in color for my hair. I still use the pencil sometimes in combination with other products and I love the spoolie tool on the end. Good quality.
Easy to use - not as soft as I prefer but it goes on well and blends very nicely with my eyebrows.
This is a great product.  The color is not too dark and not too light.  Goes on easily and stays put all day.
For years, I've meddled with different eyebrow pencils, gel liners, powders - all for the common objective of finding a colour that actually suited my auburn hair. My natural hair colour is auburn but for the past year I've been dyeing it ombre - mulberry at the roots and fire engine red at the tips. Because auburn eyebrow products are quite limited in Australia, I've always ended up having to use a dark blonde or light brown eyebrow pencils (usually Australis brand)... I've never found anything that truly matched. I have literally non-existent eyebrows - lots of hair, but it's blonde (thanks to the Irish ancestry). Because of this, since I was a teenager, I have been drawing in my eyebrows on a daily basis. I decided recently to investigate auburn eyebrow pencils online and found great reviews for the Lorac creamy brow pencil in auburn. I ordered one straight away off Amazon and it came relatively quickly (within about two weeks). I'm a school teacher by trade and literally the first day I used it, I had a number of compliments from staff and beauty-savvy students that something was different about my face and the colour tone of my face was a lot warmer and softer. This eyebrow pencil is definitely the best I've ever used. I'm so used to hard, scratchy eyebrow pencils, that this pencil was a nice surprise in it's texture - glides on smoothly and extremely easy to use. The only mishap I have is that because it's so smooth in texture, It's easy to make mistakes if you're not fully concentrating, so make sure you're fully awake in the morning when using this pencil. I'd also ensure to keep this product out of direct sunlight or hot temperatures, as I'd imagine it'd melt quite easily. Within the first couple of days of using this pencil, I ordered four more from Amazon and intend to keep on using it as part of my daily makeup routine. The reason I gave it four stars was because it's pricey (shipping costs to Australia don't help), and I don't believe any beauty product is ever 'perfect' - while this colour suits my features better than any other pencil I've ever found, no one shade of auburn is ever going to perfectly suit every girl with auburn hair.
For my reddish eyebrows, to go with my hennaed but naturally strawberry blonde hair, this color is a little too red. However, it applies and blends very well and looks natural.I would really like it if the brush were detachable, so that the makeup could be applied to the brush and then brushed through the brows.
Sexy lady is a beautiful, subtle mauvey-rose color.  It is long wearing.It lost a star for price...it is overpriced.
Even though it's called "summer fragrance" I plan to wear it year-round.  I hate heavy perfumes, but like to wear some sort of fragrance, so this is perfect.
It's yummy, but it disappears pretty quickly. I also hoped that the Verbena scent would dominate but the citrus does.. It's summery and light which is what I was going for. Still love it, but next time will get the basic Verbena fragrance.
it seems work for my teens. Not oily at all and for my teen boy, he is willing to apply to his face. Good enough for me.
I have become a Vincent Longo fan.  This foundation provides great coverage without being too heavy for the warm climate that I live in.  It stays on all day and blends well with the other VL products.
This product seems to work pretty well... I use this product in the shower and then the Jack Black Conditioning Cream before shaving and I get a pretty good shave.
Overall a good product for pre-shave conditioning. The menthol is a nice touch as it addes a clean refreshing touch.It is ok as an exfoliant, but nothing like the best I have found... Clinques face scrub - that stuff will remove your skin to the bone if you wanted. The Clinique scrub is an extremely thick sandy paste which works far better as an exfoliant.However for an everyday pre-shave wash the Black Jack Buff is a really good quality product. I do really like this product but seems a bit overpriced as it appears more similar to the $5-$8 tubes of beaded face scrubs than an exfoliant.I will likely continue to use Jack Black as it does work so well for pre-shaving (and I like the scent and menthol)
As usual, Jack Black products do the job!  My face feels energized after every wash.  Doesn't dry your face out either.
One of the better face scrubs I've used.  Many are too abrasive or smelly, this one is not.  A lot of other scrub come in tiny bottles, this one is more man sized.
Great scent and works well to take of oil. I, however, like the grains in the scrub to be a little bit bigger. Neutrogena's cheaper scrub works better, I believe.
Very effective scrub -but let the scrub do the work and don't rub too hard! Very coarse mix, but does the job very well. Nice but light scent.
in my opinion they are a bit overpriced. This is why the 4 stars. This face buff works better than others I tried. It also has a nice scent and makes your face feel really refreshed.
I supplemented this product for a more expensive. I love the smell, has enough grain to the mix to give a deep clean. Not quite as good as my other product but less money and twice the size.
This stuff works great. I have dry skin on the sides of my nose, and the small exfoliant particles in this are the only thing that keeps it at bay. Feels great, too- the menthol is really refreshing.But it smells weird. It's got like a "Brut" scent to it or something. It's a light scent and doesn't hang around too long, so it's bearable, but definitely not the scent I expected from a higher-end product like this.
Very nice product. I love the menthol, but my boyfriend thinks its a bit weird. The exfoliation is very light, it's not intense at all.
Works well for a few hours, but usually shiny by noon time...
This is a great product for those who are going out or have an appointment they don't want to look shiny for.  It lasts several hours, depending on how oily your face is and whether you wash your face just beforehand.  When applying after washing, it lasts a good 4-5 hours for me.  If applied just before going out, without washing beforehand, I would give it 3-4 hours.  Bottom line if you need a shine control lotion for occasions it will work well.  If you need it for all day shine control you will be dissapointed.
Works as described but for only about 4 hours for me.  Still the best product to stop oil shine I have found.  Will buy some more.
I was a little hessitant thinking that this producduct would work after seeing its advertisement.  After the product was given 2 thumbs up from "Men's Health", I decided to try it.  The product does an effective job at controling that "shine" factor that sometimes happens throughout the day.
Chances are that if you are spending this much money on a small amount of oil control lotion, you have oily skin. If you have a shinny forehead, nose, and cheeks with oil-free facial moisturizers, then this stuff won't keep you shine-free all day. It will matte your skin for 5 or 6 hours, and then you'll have to use oil absorbing sheets or wash your face and reapply. On a purely economic POV this isn't cost effective, so it's really about convenience. It's the best matting lotion I've ever used, but it's no silver bullet. Oil absorbing sheets are so cheap that the lotion only saves you about two a day (if you use 2 twice a day). I have to say that once you use the sheets maybe 6 hours later you're good to go for the rest of the day/night. So, if you have the money then definitely give it a try, but if you're on a tight budget then just use an oil-free lotion and 2 extra sheets a day. This stuff also helps pull oil out of your pores, so it reduces blackheads. I imagine that having oil on the surface or your skin is probably better than in your pores.
i've always had oily skin and wanted to try this in addition to my usual regimen. although its super expensive and the bottle is small, it does work pretty well. A little bit goes a long way and it will keep the oil under control for a while. Not all day but for a few hours which for me is fine.
I tried looking everywhere for this stuff and it was sold out! i wanted to get it for my boyfriend for christmas..so he hasnt used it yet cause its a xmas gift..but it must be pretty good since it was sold out almost everywhere!
I just received this yesterday and started using it immediately.  It stings when I put it on, but I knew it would.  That's why I bought it, for the glycolic acid.  I think with constant use this product will make a difference.
As an African American male I deal with razor bumps.  I searched and found this product to be useful in the treatment of my bumps on top of a bump stopper I use.  It has also made my hair softer and skin feel smoother after about two weeks of use.  On top of a facial scrub.  I know it is advertised as a line smoother but it can be used to help with bumps as well.  A little pricey but you get what you pay for.
i like it a lot it leaves a nice clean feeling and it has a nice scent that definitely works well for me
Excellent product. Like how it smells. Works well as a shampoo also. Would have given it 5 stars but it is too expensive.
Easy,that's all there is to it. This stuff can be used all over, just like it says.It smells good and makes it easy  for us guys that like good stuff but don't wanta ton of girly products. A bit expensive, but it DOES last awhile, especially if you keepyour hair short.
This stuff smells awesome. My girlfriend loves it and the scent lasts all day. I also won't have to buy body wash for a long while.
Won't dry you out so much in the winter, but leaves you feeling clean. Use it everyday, head to toe.
This product works very well as an all over body wash and even to shave my legs - Yes, I am a woman and I use this. I bought it for my husband, but he insisted on sticking with bar soap, so I am now using it. He'll come around......The product does not have a strong odor of any kind, does not leave behind residue, does not dry my skin, does not require a lot for each shower yet it DOES leave my skin feeling clean and refreshed with no cloying fragrance to assault my senses all day.I have not attempted to wash my hair with it. - I'll leave that up to the guys.Why 4 stars and not 5? Expense. In my view all of the Jack Black products seem a bit expensive. However, of the several that I have tried, none of them require using copious amounts so each product seems to last a good, long time.Also it would be unfortunate to see a company cut quality and content corners to make a specific price point on a beloved product such as this one.
I do like the product. It does not have a strong smell which I prefer to the over the top walmart brands. It also feels very rich. So its a good product. I am having doubts about re-ordering though. I keep asking myself is it 30 dollars good. I havent answered that yet.