I love AHAVA products.  These bath salts do an excellent job softening your skin. The scent is very mild and pleasant.  I often avoid bath salts as they tend to be highly-scented and give me migraines.  This does not.
Don't have time (or the dollars) to go to a spa?  Try these Dead Sea Bath Salts.  Chock full of natural minerals (the same minerals found in a body's own moisturizing factor) these salts provide a rejuvenating and exhilarating bathing experience.I've found that a 20 minute soak two or three times a week provides optimum results for sore muscles, and even chronic back discomfort.For a really special occasion, treat yourself by lighting a scented candle or two to enhance bath time.  Ahhhhh - Ahava!
I love my bubble baths. I add these salts to my honey bath and it is very relaxing. With epsom salts, you have to mix the water to get them to dissolve. Not so with these dead sea salts!A product I will buy again and again.
I broke my hip in '99 and since then it seems I have tried everybath product there is to soothe my aches and pains.AHAVA is the best there is. As AHAVA is somewhat pricey, I usuallykeep on hand, the old faithful-Epsom Salts.  With AHAVA I can getout of the tub without my hip hurting at all. Epsom Salts helpsbut there is nothing to beat AHAVA.
I first tried Ahava products when I visited Israel and fell in love with their products and the way they made my skin feel and look. Made from the invigorating Dead Sea salts, all of their products are incredible and worth the price.  Although I should have stocked up more when I was in Israel since they're cheaper there, this isn't too much of an increase in price and its worth every cent. The Dead Sea Bath Salts are wonderful- very calming and soothing and leave your skin feeling silky smooth. You don't need much per bath - a little goes a long way- so the 32 oz. bottle should last awhile. I highly recommend this product!
I would not give it any stars yet if I didn't have to.  I have not used it yet but wanted to comment on the pricing......I found AHAVA Dead Sea Salts at TJMaxx by accident (though I was wanting it anyway).  It's a 32 oz. container just as the one listed here for $9.99!!! That beats the heck out of $25.49 for the same thing! I've not used it yet but I feel much better about spending ten bucks on something I might not like instead of the other price.
If you want a spa treatment at home, you cannot do better than taking a mud bath with Ahava's Dead Sea mud. Heated in a microwave for a bit, this mud also soothes tired and aching muscles.The one downside is the mess. You should not use this mud without having handy some towels you don't mind messing up---just in case.But a mud bath is about a 15 minute affair. The muck dries, and you wash it off in the shower, and come out with the silkiest skin---and relaxed muscles. In Israel, one can buy mud packs single or in boxes. But this is so luxurious that a box of four would be a special treat. Much less expensive than a single visit to a real spa, too.[Update, 2/20/2011: Regarding false comments of a political nature, please note: Ahava has done and is doing nothing illegal under international law, or otherwise, regarding its production facilities, regardless of the opinions of pro-Hamas folks. Obviously a campaign is afoot --- having nothing to do with Ahava's products or their quality --- to delegitimize Israel through boycotts like this.Here are the facts, both historically and according to established international law. There is no final settlement in the disputed territories. The Palestinian contingent has repeatedly rejected at least five final settlements offered by Israel and its predecessors since the 1920s. The last formal proposal came in 2000 although several more attempts since have been made to arrive at final terms between the disputing parties.Alas, current Palestinian Authority leaders are just as hard line as Hamas. They do not recognize Israel's right to statehood at all, and regularly so state in official media of every kind. A rhetorical question: How should Israel negotiate with people who openly envision another genocide? I have no answer, and those who boycott Ahava clearly do not either.Historically, the last internationally recognized High Contracting Party in the disputed territories --- now known as the "west bank," as in "west bank of the Jordan River" --- was the League of Nations. In 1922, the League established a Mandate for Palestine, entrusting its administration to the British government, which withdrew in 1948. The world's nations voted on this Mandate after World War I, (and Arabian royals in the Hijaz agreed), just as they voted on Mandates for Iraq, Syria, The Lebanon and so on. This land was intended as part of a national home for the Jewish people. The plan established by High Contracting Parties, and therefore international law, remained in force until Britain unilaterally and illegally established Trans-Jordan to appease the Sharif Feisal of Mecca, whose offspring unsuccessfully attempted to rule where originally assigned. The Palestine Mandate to establish a national home for the Jewish people included what is now generally called the "west bank." In 1948, after the United Nations recognized Israel as a state, Jordan rejected the settlement offered at that time, attacked the nascent Israel and illegally seized that land against dictates of international law. Jordan illegally controlled the land until 1967.Jordan then bombed Jerusalem --- despite repeated peaceful Israeli attempts through diplomatic intermediaries to persuade Jordan not to do so. Israel counter-attacked --- a perfectly legal measure under international law for any established, recognized nation that is attacked.Israel won the land in self-defense, and has repeatedly attempted to reach a final settlement with those people who claim it. Alas, any final settlement between the parties to the dispute must include an agreement to peace between them --- something the Palestinian Authority refuses to do, as this would require recognizing Israel, which it openly states it never will.Therefore, under international law, Israel's presence in the disputed territories remains legal. Israel stole nothing from Palestinian Arabs. If their leaders choose to reject a final peace settlement, it's a shame. But international law requires that they do so for there to be any final settlement at all, much less a valid one.]--- Alyssa A. Lappen
I like to use Ahava mud couple times a month. It removes impurities very well, relaxes my skin and leaves it clean and glowing. I do recommend this product!
Warmed to 100F in a microwave or hot water this is amazingly relaxing. The mild adhesiveness of the mineral silt removes dead skin and restores hydration and blood flow  to the tissues underneath. I agree it is messy but it's well worth it and a lot cheaper than going to the spa! Of course it's not a cure all for ageing or  disease, but anyone who claims it has no benefits at all either hasn't tried it or hasn't used it properly.
I use this product for my psoriasis on my arm & legs, & I love it!  I have used it for several years with fantastic results.  I have mild psoriasis so this does this trick.  It takes away any burning and dryness from those areas.  I plan to continue using it as long as I can.
A friend rec this and I am well pleased...I have trouble some skin and afyer 2 weeks I see a difference
This is not just a lotion this is a healing cream for most skin conditions. Right now in this dry time of year it is so helpful for itchy dry skin. We have been to the Ahava factory in Israel. We bought tons of Dermud we were there because the locals said they use it for EVERYTHING! I have given to anyone who mentions a skin issue an everyone said it's great!My one complaint is it has a bit of a strong perfume smell & I prefer no smell, but that doesn't effect how well it works.
This is the best lotion for dry skin.  I bought home a suitcase full of this lotion from Israel.
My husband has very dry skin.  We were in Israel and went to the  factory and my husband was introduced to Dermud.  I was very skeptical because he has tried so many lotions.  This has really helped with his dry skin.  I don't like the price  but if it helps my husband I am all for it.  He doesn't need a lot because it is so effective.
I found Ahava Dermud in the 90s. I use this lotion anywhere [not just my hands] I need/want. I love it! My skin is so soft. It's a bit pricey, but it's well worth it. On top of being incredibly nourishing for my skin and quite non-greasy, it's *cruelty free*.
I Have had psoriasis since I was 16.  For years I stuggled finding something that would help. This Product has been  great for me. It has allowed me to decrease my normal treatment,
A friend gave me a tube of Ahava Dermud with Dead Sea formulation. I really loved it and when it was gone I ordered for myself on Amazon.
Ahava means love in Hebrew.And as the Software Tester noted, it's pretty hard not to fall in love with this cream. The product actually contains a kind of love-in a tube, for your hands of course.I was skeptical of the Ahava Dermud line---since it's a bit more expensive than regular Ahava mineral hand and foot creams. BUT, the Dermud hand cream, as I too discovered, is extremely rich, very healing and extra long lasting, making the higher price well worth it.
good moisture source .. not as greasy as most over-the counters like Lubriderm or Eucerin or Nivea  ... very expensive but worthwhile if  you have an extreme dry skin problem
Reviewing a "lotion" is a bit strange for me, but I just couldn't help it.  I have very dry skin on my hands and it is normal for my hands to become so dry each winter that they crack and bleed.  I've tried all the usual brands  of lotion sold in the stores with varying degrees of success.  Generally, they leave my hands feeling slimy and the moisturizing effect only lasts as long as the lotion is actually on my hands.  I am a chronic hand washer, so this isn't long.I stumbled onto Ahava hand cream and am totally loving it.  What I love most is that despite all my hand washing the effects of Ahava are lasting.  I've found that I can go about 12 hours between applications.  My hands feel so much better and my skin is actually healing.  I am totally sold on this product.
Ahava makes marvelous products and this is no exception.There is no other hand cream that feels so amazing. From the first second you apply it you know that it is something special.
I have tried many different brands but Dermud foot cream is the best - extremely effective and yet without the annoying greasiness!  Only a few applications and you will see the good result.
Ahava Demud Foot Cream I think is the best foot cream on the market. I discovered it in Israel, and use just a little bit on the bottom of my feet  it every day after a shower.
I've tried different foot lotions and this one is by far the best. It is thick and you only need a little each time so it lasts for a long time. I only use it during the winter but it works really, really well. Highly recommended!
I have lived in Israel for 10 years and can buy this product at most of the big pharmacies for 30-40% discount for 100 NIS or $25.00 maximum.  I don't think anyone who lives here would pay the inflated price that Amazon and other internet companies charge.  Like I said, this is an excellent product for the $25.00 I pay in israel.
Until I tried it, I shied away from Ahava Dermud products. Dermud sounded unappealing. But this cream is even richer, and more soothing than the Ahava products for normal skin, and I'm particularly fond of this body milk. It's a thirst quenching, vitamin and mineral enriched drink for the skin. Wonderful stuff.
I'm south Asian and tend to have dark bags under my eyes that constantly make me look tired. I was skeptical of this product, but tried it anyway after a friend strongly recommended it. I'm not the type to use many products on my face, but this stuff works like magic. It instantly clears up most of the darkness under my eyes and makes me look much better.I was worried the 1oz. was a tiny size, but I use it daily and a bottle takes a long time to go through. You only use a tiny dab so the 1 oz. size is pretty perfect.  The bottle instructions suggested that I put it in the fridge for a cooling sensation, but I didn't think it was that much of a difference to warrant the walk to the fridge every time I needed it.
911 eye gel helps a bit when you need to compensate for a poor night's sleep or just want to improve on tired looking eyes.
My case of bags is not severe, however pronounced.  This gel does the job 100% of the time.  It takes about ten minutes to dry and take affect, and is a bit sticky, however after 20 minutes you will forget you put it on.  It is not uncomfortable.  It gives me the confidence that I need when interacting.  Thank you 911
I have been using Menaji's 911 Eye Gel product for dark under-eye circles for more than one year and have been very happy with this products results.
We had been looking for a glycerin soap made for men -- one that does not smell feminine or flowery -- for my boyfriend.  This product fits the bill perfectly.  He loves it.  It smells very pleasant without being perfumy and washes off easily.  Would buy again.
I decided to purchase this product after doing some research on skin elasticity. After losing some weight, and have a little excess skin, I found out that Vitamin A, D, and E (and few more) help the skin bounce back. This soap has helped a lot with my skins and because it is a soap I can apply it all over my body. Great stuff.
Smells good and goes a good job making you clean. What else do you need? It would be nice if they lasted longer, but even with that, these are good bars.
Baxter makes good products. This soap has a pleasant smell, and adds swag to your game. Nice citrus smell that the ladies love.
I have sensitive skin, allergies and sometimes dandruff.  Basically, everything but Head and Shoulders would make my scalp itch.  Last year, I switched barber shops and they were using this product.  I decided to chance it and let my barber shampoo my hair.  Results: Absolutely Fabulous.  Shampoo smells great, gives a slight tingle and fresh feeling on the scalp, leaves my hair (about 3/4 to 1 inch long by the way) clean, and after I used it for about 2 weeks, no more dandruff.  I'm also now using the conditioner, shave balm and some hair gel.
I understand this shampoo is designed for men but I love it. It smells good and gets my hair clean but most of all I love the way my hair feels, soft, thick, and full.
I had ordered both the Baxter shampoo and the shaving cream from the Vine program a week apart.  I didn't receive the shave cream until after I ordered the shampoo.  If I had received the shave cream first I probably would not have ordered the shampoo at all due to the preponderance of peppermint fragrance - see my review of the shave cream Super Close Shave Formula (Jar) 240ml/8oz.  However, I have been very pleasantly surprised by the shampoo. Yes, it does have a strong peppermint fragrance, but unlike the shave cream does bot sit on my face under my nose.  Instead when I rinse it out, I find there is no lingering fragrance.  Now for performance...  I find that this shampoo makes my hair feel exceptionally clean.  I have found that some protein shampoos don't totally wash out.  Additionally,  my hair is very manageable after washing and shows no indication of dryness.  I'm a convert.  This is now my go-to shampoo.
I guess one could knock off a star for the price. Its not the $4 bottle of Suave.  Price aside, I'll just write that I really liked this shampoo. The minty smell in particular is nice and gives an invigorating feeling on the scalp. What I like best is that it smells like MY shampoo and not my wife's.  I would definitely recommend and buy this again.
smells pleasantly of mint and not overly so.  texture is a little like Cetaphil, and does not suds too much.  i have pacific islander hair (straight and thick) and this shampoo leaves my hair feeling clean but not dry.  i'd recommend this product.
I rarely get excited over a shampoo. This product is diffferent and really wonderful. It smells like peppermint paddies and really leaves the scalp with a wonderful tingle! I love it! First lather is not very productive but second lather is a wonderful "foam up". I may now switch from cheap drug store variety to this because it is so worth it!
I liked the "Baxter of California Daily Protein Shampoo".  The pump gives a nice measured amount - although I used three pumps which seemed like alot since I have pretty short hair - but it doesn't foam up alot.  The shampoo has a nice mint/clean smell which I appreciated.Note that the shampoo includes menthol and the percentage must be somewhat high as it slightly irritated by nose, eyes, armpits, and "nether regions".  The feeling was similar, but to a FAR LESS extent, to what happens if you accidentally rubIcy Hot Pain Relieving Balmin these same places.  Again it wasn't as bad - Icy Hot's Menthol content is high enough to actually burn eyes, nose, arm pits, and other areas.  Despite it being only mildly irritating, this is something that needs to be foot-stomped: you don't normally TRY to get soap in your eyes, but if you do, this shampoo will be more irritating than normal.I found that the shampoo cleaned my hair very well overall.  I have somewhat oily hair and "normal shampoo" doesn't do the job, so I appreciated how well it cleaned, despite having to use a little more than I do with my normal brand.*****UPDATE*****I've now used about 3/4 of the bottle and I continue to like it (just raised my review to 5 Stars).  The product has grown on me the longer I use it - especially as a "change of pace" to ensure that my hair is cleansed of the residue from the normal store brands the my wife buys.
I received a trial of Baxter's Daily Protein shampoo and was eager to give it a try.  I had a job interview, so I was just a *little* nervous about trying a new product that day.  The pump was nice and convenient - just a few taps and I was in business.  The shampoo smelled *sooo* incredible, and I was soon engulfed in its minty-fresh fragrance.  As I massaged it into my scalp, I felt a pleasant tingly sensation.  There wasn't a great deal of lather, but I wasn't concerned; it rinsed away clean.  After blow-drying as usual, my hair was very full and bouncy.  I went to the interview -- and I got the job!  It was probably my experience and skills that got me hired, but I'm sure having a clean, shiny hair helped!  ;-)
First off, though this shampoo is for men, I'm female. I wasn't able to get my husband to use this more than once, and he liked the scent but wanted something more conditioning (his hair is long, past his shoulders, and coarse). My hair is shoulder length, thick and color treated, and this shampoo worked great. It reminded me a lot of those "clean" kinds of shampoo you can get which are supposed to hinder buildup -- this Baxter of California Protein Shampoo never built up at all. It rinsed clean but there was still mint scent, and it's been difficult for me to find a good mint shampoo. Even with my longer hair, about 5 pumps was all I needed to shampoo thoroughly, so it lasted quite a while. I will definitely be buying this again.
This shampoo is marketed for men but I used it as well as letting my husband try it.  I color my hair and it seemed to be an especially clarifying shampoo because it rinsed some of my color away with one use.  It has a very strong fragrance of mint and doesn't lather very much.  My husband really liked it and even though it comes in a smallish bottle it lasts for a long time because it has a pump top which helps you regulate your usage.
nice shampoo, pleasant smell. Does not leave a residual. My son really likes this shampoo and has appropriated it for himself.
I really like this shampoo. I love how the mint makes my head tingle while I am washing my hair and the smell is nice. At first I worried because it left my hair feeling too clean - that squeaky clean that made me think that all oil was stripped from it. As it dried though it was clear that it did no such thing. (I apply hair oil anyway, but I left that out to see what the shampoo on its own would be like and was impressed by how soft and nice my hair felt after drying.)I think it is overpriced, but I think pretty much everything outside the dollar store is overpriced. I am very cheap, so I will not continue using it unless a sugar daddy appears in my life.Oh that reminds me, I am a woman - I did not notice that it was a shampoo for men until after it arrived. Apparently it has something in it that removes a certain hormone reside that may cause hair loss from the scalp. I can not speak to that. It is the stuff of old snake oil claim though, so I would not get my hopes up if I were a feller.
I love the way this shampoo smells!  Very minty!  Does a wonderful job and my wife even likes it too!  I will certainly buy this shampoo again!
Great shampoo that leaves my hair feeling clean & soft! This 10oz bottle lasts much longer than expected. I'm still using the 1st bottle & it's been several months since I started using it. I also like how this shampoo lathers up. Way more than the store bought ones.
Look, I'm no expert, but it smells great and my hair feels good after using. Would definitely recommend to all
I tried these products as a recommendation from my barber. I couldn't be happier. My hair feels softer and has a healthier look to it. I have recommended Baxter of California products to my friends and they feel the same.
I give this product 5 stars because it leaves my hair feeling squeaky clean and I like the fragrance, which reminds me of Wrigley Spearmint gum. That said, what I find to be 5 stars may be someone else's 1 star because as some reviewers have pointed out, the shampoo strips their hair and the smell is too strong.I've read somewhere that shampoo should not leave your hair feeling squeaky, and that by doing so it is stripping it of the natural oils. My issue is that for most of my life, I've used "squeaky" shampoos and that's the criteria I use if my hair feels clean. The past few years, however, it has become harder and harder to find these kind of shampoos and now most of them are so dense and creamy that I feel like they leave all kinds of residue on my hair. Perhaps it would be good to alternate use of this shampoo with the more creamy ones to prevent residue buildup?For me, I like this one, though. I like the refreshing, invigorating smell and like the way my hair feels as I use the shampoo and then rinse off. I find the bottle to look rather clinical, though, as if I am participating in some sort of laboratory experiment.
This shampoo has a pretty strong, minty smell. It's very refreshing and gets the hair very clean. I've been able to use this in conjunction with theBaxter of California Daily Moisturizing Conditioner, 10 fl. oz., and I've had nothing but good hair days. So far, after about two weeks of use, my hair feels full and is very easy to style. The shampoo pumps out nicely, goes through the hair easily, and leaves me feeling refreshed and ready-to-go. I could see how the strong, minty smell might be a bit much for some, but it rinses out quickly and leaves a light sent. Overall, this is a pretty good combination, and I will continue to use these going forward.
I know this line is usually pushed towards men but I bought this shampoo for myself and am very happy with the results.  I love the way my hair looks and feels after I use this shampoo. I recommend this shampoo to both men and women!
It's worth the extra money to spend on this product. The mint scent makes it feel like you are coming out of the spa or fancy hair stylist.
I use this for outdoor shampooing of my dogs. I know why? It works so great with my dogs' boar like bristle of hair fur. I have large dogs and their hair on fur are like boar hair. Allot of protein from eating Bison entree. I use it too but my hair is less dense and straight. It helps my dogs with great shine on their hair. Who would of known? And their fur after shampoo cleaned off easily with just hosing them down with clean water. Rinsed. Fabulous dogs and Fabulous owner/people.
Wow, this is a great shampoo. I love the cool mint feeling on my scalp. Baxter has been around since the 70s making men's grooming products so I guess they know what they are doing. This is a better product than the similar Crew shampoo with mint. This left my head feeling energized and refreshed. I will reorder this one.
There's not a lot to say. I mean, shampoo is shampoo, right? At least to this buzz-cut male head. But the plusses of this one make it stand out--great lather, clean smell, and it leaves my hair feeling clean without any residue. Would I buy it again? Probably not, it's too pricey for my needs. But if you're looking for a good, nice-smelling, powerfully lathering shampoo that treats your hair right, Baxter's is a good option.
I love the minty sent of this shampoo! It's very refreshing and eye opening in the morning! The pump bottle is also fantastic and a great change from the usual squeeze-bottle or tube of shampoo. This shampoo lathers up very well and the first time I used it caused a tingling sensation on my scalp which was a little unsettling at first as I thought I might be having an allergic reaction to it. Not to worry it went away quickly. And with subsequent uses is only slightly noticeable. I actually welcome it now as it probably dilates the capillaries and gets the blood flowing to the hair follicles. I have thin hair so I must admit to being somewhat picky about my shampoo. Unfortunately I have a cabinet full of shampoo's (because they didn't live up to their 'volume' claim) I no longer use. This one however didn't disappoint as it did add good volume to my hair.This is now in my top 3 rotation! I plan on being a repeat customer of this shampoo!
I have always heard about this polish brand but was always too cheap to buy it. (Anything over $8 and I'm ready to pass out.) I was looking for the perfect nude and had been searching high and low when I came across a review on a nail blog for this with pics included and found the color to be STUNNING! I was leary at first because the pic was taken outside and the colors always photograph better in direct sunlight but I opted to order it anyway. I painted 2 coats on so easily that I could've done it with my eyes closed (well maybe not closed but with shades on at least) and it STILL would have came out beautifully! It's a color that sneaks up on you because when you intially paint it, it's pretty but after it dries, it's gorgeous!I also painted my cousin's nails (who completely freaks out about my nail color choices) and not to my amazement,  she LOVED IT TOO! I'm sure that the next time I see her, she's going to want me to paint her nails again!It's perfect for EVERY skin tone! Seriously!
It looks white in the bottle - but on the nail, it's translucent.  It looks like the cleanest manicure - the best groomed hand.
This has been my first full-sized Deborah Lippmann polish. (I got a deluxe sample of "Happy Birthday" with my VIB points at Sephora; highly recommend!) "P.Y.T." is a gorgeous peachy pink shade. I did expect it to be more opaque than it turned out to be; in actuality, it's rather sheer, but with an interesting jelly-like finish. I usually do around three to four coats. It's the perfect shade for when I want a little more than Dior Nail Glow, but not anything particularly colorful, either, or when I'm just plain indecisive about what I want to paint my nails! Classy but cheery at the same time.
Love it!  The color is perfect & it looks so natural!!  This is my  all time favorite polish & color!
I was looking for a shade between coral and red and kept coming back to this polish. I had never tried Deborah Lippmann polish before and was a little uncertain about it because of its price. I could not be any happier with this polish. I love it! And with a base and good top coat, it lasts forever. I'm officially a Deborah Lippmann fan!
I bought this polish because I've never seen anything like it. This sheer shade of blue with pink and silver pieces of glitter in different sizes. I wasn't disappointed. Though you need to put more than the average 2 coats on and apply it more generously onto the nail, the polish is fabulous. I always get so many compliments when using any of her glitter polishes.Just know that you will need to add more coats and blot the glitter over the nail to get the maximum amount instead of just brushing it down your nail like with normal polish. It takes a little bit more time. I tend to like to use the polishes on my own rather than at a nail salon as they don't have much patience and I end up with just a few specks of glitter on each nail.Using this polish with a nude base coat seems to work best for me because it makes the blue pop more.
I get a lot of compliments on this polish.  Someone recently told me it looks "rich".  In any event, If used correctly, it will last for days without chipping.  A really great color.
This review is way overdue, sorry to the seller. Delivery was awesome. Packaging was great as well. New as advertised. For those interested in the color. It is very translucent and the glitter is subtle. It's great for those not looking to go over the top on glitter.
I had been wearing a cafe au lait sort of color. I read about this one. Plenty of people have put a neutral pale color underneath but I haven'tyet. It is mroe sublte than cafe au lait and thus not for all. But I like it.
I am wearing this polish right now, and I love it.  I was able to do my own nails, and they are still looking good 5 days later.  The nude color is perfect for every day and looks professional.  I needed 3 coats to get the opaque look I wanted.  I recommend this brand and this product.
Very, very easy to apply and even a better look after I purchased Lippmann's basecoat product.  I can't say enough about the color--it's sophisticated and obviously has some pink tones but def. NOT bubble gum pink.Worth the price in my opinion and preferred over Butter products.
All Lippmann polishes are great for durability and ease of application - the shorter brush provides a lot a extra control.  As a very pale blonde with red undertones in my skin, this is the most neutral polish I've found - and I I think I've tried them all.  One coat is fine for a totally clean but sheer look, while two coats provides opaque coverage without looking cakey.
I wanted something natural, not too crazy and this was great. I really had no problems with this color but I did find another color I liked better that I used for my wedding, something more natural looking.
So I'll start by saying this one is different from other gliter nail polishes from DL. The glitter pieces are the usual hexagonal glitter in baby blue and pink with smaller pink glitter but the glitter is sparse in a very translucent light blue base. The effect it gives on your nails is unusual and pretty and does not look teenager at all. If u want the full baby blue effect it can be easily achieved with a coat of whatever baby blue is in your stash then layer two coats of glitter in the air. The formula is very forgiving of smudges and I pat the glitter on with the brush then give it a gentle smooth over. The polish is fast drying and will last a week with some tip wear. I heard that Revlon has a dupe for glitter in the air isn't as great also some youtubers complain that the little glitter pieces actually curl away from their nails! Its up to u which formula you get but I've only tried the Deborah and I really like it!!
I am a freelance make-up artist. Stila lets me put my skills to show. Espically this dual-ending illuminating brush. This particular illuminating brush does not fray nor piece away. I can easily clean this brush with no issues. Fully recommend this to any one.
This foundation is a very good match to my complexion. I am very pale, and the color doesn't stand out.  I need a light coverage foundation, and this is light and makes my skin look dewy and glowing.  A very nice product, even for older skin.
Cheap! And i love this makeup because it covers all blimished but yet looks natural! Usually the makeup costs $20-30 but on here it is only $10!
This is a really nice foundation that is packaged cleverly with a pump so you don't have to stick your fingers in it and possibly contaminate it with bacteria.  I bought the lightest shade 10 Watts because I'm ghostly and right now, in the dead of winter, it's probably a shade too dark but it really doesn't matter because it melts into the skin and doesn't look plastered on or fake.  It evens out minor redness and doesn't cake up into the fine lines starting around my eyes.  In full sunlight my skin looks dewy and fresh BUT you can see the little particles of Mica so if you dislike illuminating powders/foundations/eyeshadow you may want to skip this or try it out at a counter before buying.  Also, it's a little on the sheer side and I still need a concealer for dark circles and any blemishes that crop up because I don't like packing and layering foundation.  If you have troubled skin this probably will not offer enough coverage for you but it's perfect for a quick, natural look and is my new go-to foundation.
I have a hard time finding a good foundation. I have olive skin uneven skin. This foundation is light weight and perfect. It seems self adjusting to skin tones. I sometimes go tanning and no matter if I have a lot of color in my face or not it does a great job of not changing the color of my face like many foundations. Instead it covers my imperfections and leaves it looking bright and clean
I must say, This is the fastest any company has shipped an order. It arrived very quickly and the product was as promised. A super great price for this cosmetic. And stila foundation is the best
Not drying love it.  Have been using for a couple of years now & price is good.  Good coverage also.
I loved the old formula (the product photos above show the old formula bottle with the silver top, while the new formula has a black top) and this listing is for the NEW black topped foundation bottle (fyi). The old formula's consistency was more runny, (which actually didn't bother me because it gave me a Dew-y look that I loved and it looked great even though I have oily skin)  and it was easier to build up the coverage. The newer formula is a little bit thicker, but it's feels more "fluffy" than anything else (meaning it's feels like it's been whipped so that there is more air in the foundation).  And the new formula is definitely made for a lighter coverage, not nearly as buildable as the old version (not that it was easy to build up coverage with the old version either, or that it was very unlikable, took a lot of foundation). But I'm going to try with a stippling brush instead of sponges in the near future, so that will probably help out a lot in getting more coverage. Will let you know how it goes after testing it out for a while.BUT here's the main reason I love this foundation: I have super sensitive skin and everything, and I mean EVERYTHING, makes me breakout, EXCEPT this foundation. AND believe it or not but this foundation actually clears up my skin and overtime it makes my skin look awesome (after I've used it for a week or two).  With the old version, I could build up to a light medium-ish coverage but it helped clear up my skin so after a while I could use lighter coverage and be fine with it.  This formula does the same thing for my skin but I really liked the old version better. I usually use a mineral foundation over the stila anyway so the coverage issue is not a deal breaker for me anyway. I use da vinci mineral foundation in ivory which is, to say the least, awesome (btw da vinci is a.k.a. bella pierre). Actually, since I do need a heavier coverage than what I can get with this foundation, I mostly use it to even out my skin tone and for the benefits my skin gets, seriously awesome.This foundation, in my opinion works amazingly well for my sensitive skin and I'm  allergic to everything. Which is why I do need a heavier coverage, because I do have a little acne scarring and some acne but this foundation for some reason give me the clearest skin I've ever had. And I glow.It's extremely hard for me to find any face products that don't annoy my skin in some way. Now that doesn't necessarily mean this foundation won't bother your skin but, seriously, everything bothers my skin so in my opinion it is definitely worth a shot. And If you have sensitive skin and don't want to spend money on something that just might end up in the garbage (or given to your best friend who just happens to match your skin tone), at least try to get some samples from ulta or a department store to try to see how it works and if it irritates your skin.  For me, it takes at least a week from the date I start using it to really notice a difference and how much my skin seems to glow. I've bought Tarte foundation but even the lightest color was still too dark for me and didn't like how thick and heavy it was on my skin. The tarte didn't break me out, but it didn't help my skin either.This foundation. Is definitely not for everyone since it really is a lighter coverage foundation, but my skin has  never looked better than when I'm using my stila illuminating foundation. For me, stila and I will hopefully have a lifelong affair lol. And it's only $20! That's a steal in my book! I really hope this helps some one! Good luck!
Stilla is one of my favorite brands! The illuminating foundation gives my skin a healthy glowing look to it. I usually mix this with a more matte foundation to get great coverage and a healthy glow, since this isn't a full coverage foundation. The price is pretty unbeatable and fast shipping too!
I am absolutely crazy about this foundation! I have dry skin and I am always looking for a foundation that doesn't make the dryness any worse (and if it improves my skin-even better!)but still offers medium -and hopefully buildable- coverage. This foundation is all that and more! First, the shade 20 Watts is PERFECT for my skin tone: I am of northern Italian descent and have fair skin with yellow undertones. I would say that this is perfect for those looking for a foundation that falls into the warm and neutral tones. Second, it makes my dry skin dewy and gorgeous-but not oily. I was a little concerned that I would look glittery or shimmery (and we have all seen people who look like they have taken a shimmer shower...and it is scary...) but the foundation gives a very subtle and natural looking glow. Third, I love the coverage. This foundation is very buildable: with half a pump of product giving very sheer coverage, and several pumps allowing for a medium to heavy coverage. I just love this stuff and hope it stays around, like, forever!
I have used this for years, and it is wonderful. It has the slightest glow to it, giving you a healthy look.  It does not offer HEAVY coverage, if that is what you are looking for.  Pump for dispensing is ingenious!  And I also use the sheer color tinted moisturizer under this foundation - the best ever.
I am in his 30sliked this product ^_^I bought two.I CHOSE 10 and . 20 andMingle colors together to acquired velvety skin color glossy .Product is wonderful and  Wonderful for looking for natureand natural beauty ^_^
Love it.
I have been using this product for many years and it is still the best foundation make-up I have ever used.......
I love this makeup I was mad because the place where I used to buy this from stopped carrying it ,they the brand just not the type of makeup , for some reason Sephora doesnt have it anymore eventhough it would alot
I first found this remarkable 'flawless skin in a bottle' about 5 years ago. I have never looked back! Everybody comments on how healthy my skin looks and that I just look great. I tried a Giorgio Armani one for a change recently and the compliments stopped. The price of 26 is really reasonable considering the quality and a little goes a long way. You can apply it lightly for a beach nude look or layer it up for a wow factor at night. Recently my stockists in Edinburgh stopped supplying it (Space NK and House of Fraser). Space NK said they weren't able to keep up with the demand and I must admit my 40 watts shade (perfect shade) I would buy in bulk when I could as it was always out of stock. Just goes to show that other people have discovered this little secret too! I am now able to buy online via Amazon and have it shipped from the US. Not ideal but for this product it's worth it! Look younger with this wonder! 10/10
My wife was extremely satisfied with this product.  It was as she expected.  Received it very quickly which was a plus.
I'm a professional model and actress and I've never tried Stila products before this.  It's absolutely perfect for everyday wear.  It goes on light and evens out my skin without looking like I have a ton of makeup caked on my face.  I also like the subtle glow that it gives.I'm a natural redhead with a very unique, very pale skintone.  I have a lot of trouble finding foundations that aren't too dark or too "orange-y".  The Stila 10 watts has solved my troubles.As a model, I wouldn't use this for a photoshoot because it doesn't provide the maximum coverage needed for such things, but for regular daily wear it's great.
I was a little concerned because the photo of the item didn't show the color that was named (the named color, Mystic, was the one I wanted) but it was the right one. It looks like kind of a crazy color, but with my fair skin, dark red hair, and blue eyes, this is perfect and really makes my eyes pop. I think they've discontinued this color, which is why I ordered three pans of it.
This is the most beautiful color-- a little peach; a little pink and a tiny bit shimmery. It looks great on any skin color and blends well with a variety of colors.
Stila eyeshadow in Kitten is one of my HG products. I love it! It is a beautiful color by itself and it is also great when blended with brown and bronze eyeshadow. It is a gorgeous champagne color with a bit of shimmer, but does not veer into glitter territory. It does cause a bit of fallout when applied, but it's easy to brush it away without disturbing my foundation. I like to wear this shadow with brown eyeliner and black mascara. If I'm in a big rush, I can wear just the Kitten eyeshadow and mascara. I liked this shadow the most when my hair was blonde, but it still works now that my hair is brown again. I am very fair, so it adds a brightness around my eyes without looking over-the-top. I haven't had any problems with eye irritation or anything like that. I have bought the refill pans and had both the paper and metal refillable containers, which worked nicely. I recently saw that Sephora has regular plastic non-refillable Stila eyeshadow containers, so I'm not sure what the deal is with that. I like the refill pans. Great eyeshadow - I will definitely buy again when I run out!
This is one of the best make up eye shadows on the market.  It actually stays on my eyes all day.  Great price and excellent product.
I really love this color. I've owned a lot of Stila's shadow pans, but this is a color that I've been looking for for a while. It applies as a matte plummy with gray/brown tones.It is not as intense as the pan looks, but can be easily built up to be darker. Wet, it makes a nice neutral eyeliner.
It's the most nutrual color I've ever used and have been using this shade for years.  Long lasting eye shadow,too.
I have used this eyeshadow for years and this particular color has worked well on any of my friends. It has enough color so it does not look white but not so much color that it darkens your eye. I use it for a base color. BTW light skin and freckles.
I have fair skin and red hair. I wear this shadow everyday to work with just mascara. I love it. It is absolutely fabulous! I also use it on the weekends with other eye makeup to go out. I think this shadow looks great on anyone!
Love the product. Just wish there was more! Great 2 in 1 product!  The color is just perfect for any color eye or skin!
Bought two of these, because it has several items in the same wand I don't have to carry a lot of items iwth me in my bag.  One simple thing and I get a  highlighter,  (for under and/or over your eyes, to add brightness).  A liner for lining inside your eyes or outside you eyes and a smudge wand.  And the price was terrific, I think I paid more to ship it that to buy it.  I would buy this item again, and I would recommend it to others.
This color is very pretty and subtle.  I tend to use it more as a cheek cream; however, it's lovely as a lip cream when blended with other colors.  By itself it's a little too pale for my skin tone (pale complexion).  It has a very nice, consistent, creamy texture.
I love STILA...and this stila Convertible Color Dual Lip and Cheek Cream, Poppy is just so perfect for me. I just love the color.
This stuff is great it goes on so smooth so, you don't have to worry about having a big spot of pink just stuck on your cheap!! Great for lips too, really moisturizing and stays on great!!
Great color, texture and stays on for hours on end without drying your lips or cheeks. Definitely a great product.
I have been looking for a long-lasting cream blush & this blush does the trick.  Lillium is a beautiful peach shade that glides on smoothly and creates a luminous look.
Well, I was SURPRISED!  This is an amazingly high-quality blush (the color is Peony) that looks so natural and applies so easily.  It is rich, creamy and doesn't look shiny on my cheekbones like some cream blushes.This color in particular gives my skin a beautiful glow instead of an unnatural look.  It was too light on my lips, but that's OK because I'm so happy to have found such a great blush!  I rarely give 5 stars, but this is the best blush I have found, and I have been looking for a long time.
I love this product I use it for my checks and lips it's amazing and the color suites all skin tone this is my fav. Product for summer  love it
I've been through three of these little guys. They're great - perfect color for my skin tone (I've got slightly tanned Asian skin), and a great size. The compact is small and pretty flat, so it's easy to bring with me even in my tiniest clutch. Will buy again.
This is a nice light summer pink blush.  I prefer the creams because they go on smooth and blend in nice.  It looks bright in the container, but you can control how bright it is on the skin.
(Writing this under my joint account with my husband so disregard the name!)I use this for both cheeks and lips, although I prefer this color for cheeks. I have an angled brush for cream blushes, but typically end up applying this with my hands. It feels a little bit sticky while you're smearing it on, but instantly becomes weightless and smooth on your skin. On the skin, it has a beautiful peachy glow which I like on my olive toned, tan skin. On my lips, it has a bit of a hazy look to it (very milky) so I like to put it on as a base before applying a darker color that I'd like muted. Really love this, would recommend to anyone.
CREAMY AND SMOOTH, LASTS A LONG TIME - ALL DAY!  GIVES MY CHEEKS A ROSY LUSTER AND MAKES THEM LOOK MOIST WITHOUT BEING STICKY, LIKE BABY CHEEKS.  WOULD HIGHLY RECOMEND!
Goes on smooth.  The poppy is a bit bright for me for daytime wear, but looks good for evening.Good product. I will be trying some of the other colors.
I normally wear NARS blush in orgasm color. Actually that was my favorite blush until I tried this one. I originally ordered this Stila Convertible Color in Gerbera because I wanted a cream blush to wear during fall and winter.  My face gets dryer during this time of the year and I thought that a cream blush would be good to try out. I can say now that I'M IN LOVE with this blush. Now this blush is my favorite. It stays all day, the dewy finish is beautiful, very easy to apply and blend, and it is a beautiful color. I haven't use it on my lips because I like darker colors for that area but for my cheeks this product is just AMAZING!
I have been using the Stila Convertible for a couple years now. I started with Poppy, moved to Rose, then added others: Petunia, Fuchsia, Gladiola.Peony is one of the last ones I ventured on, because I didn't think it would suit my NC42 (warm medium-dark) coloring. I thought it would just be too light and a bit too muddy.WRONG. Wonderful cheek color on me. Very good discreet color that enlivens cheeks subtly for daytime. I love how it matches delightfully with one of my fave lipstick combos: Dolce Vita by Nars, the pencil, lipstick and gloss. This cheek color is perfect for that popular lip color.As I said, I'm on the darker side of medium, olive-toned. I can wear some of the Stila Convertibles on my lips, the richer colors--Poppy and Rose. Others are just too light. But for fairer ladies, I think lots of these colors would work wonderfully.I will add that having a quality brush makes application a dream. I don't use fingers to apply on cheeks. I find my MAC skunk brush (and the mini skunk brush) both apply beautifully, especially POPPY which can be garish if the application is not skillful.It's best to apply lightly and build up on the cheeks. It's best to use a lip brush to apply on the lips.I love this product so much, I went to eBay to buy "Orchid", a discontinued color. It's the darkest/deepest of the colors, deep berry. It's one of my faves, so a pity they don't make fresh ones.On a note for Asian-toned/Golden-skinned/Warmer skinned ladies: The gladiola is amazing. I thought that color would be gross, but it totally adds light and glow to the skin (as does Petunia, but that one is more like warm pink/coral). Gladiola has orange tones, but it's not clownish. If there is warm/gold in your natural skin tone, this will just LIGHT you up. I love it for warm/sunny days/summer.Petunia goes beautifully with MAC Cyndi (discontined) I love that combo.Lillium was one I tried that was a total fail on my coloring. It's definitely for fairer ladies.Anyway, I highly recommend this,e specially for aging/dry skin. I'm 52, and used to always use powder blush. But post-menopause, my skin got crazy dry. I can use foundation, the Stila blush, and no powder, and I look fine.Happy blushing!
I'm on my second or third Stila Convertible Color compact.  This is impressive as I usually end up ditching cosmetics before I've used them up.  In the past I've used the color "Poppy."I generally divide the cake in half:  I use one half for my lips and the other for my cheeks.  That seems more hygienic as I apply the cosmetic with my fingers.The product is creamy, easy to blend, and has a lot of pigment.  It has no detectable odor.  The compact is small and attractive with a kind of Art Nouveau design on the cover.
This, like everything by stila, is a very pretty blush and for someone older a cream is not drying as a powder.
This is the color that I think of when I want a flushed, out of winter, look. It is quite pigmented so be careful with how much you put on if you are fair. I only need two little dots on my cheeks and they are covered. Lovely &lt;3
I received this item within a Stila sampler kit years ago from Sephora.  The color is very natural and great for summer or warm days to create that dewy-skinned look.  I also love it on my lips as it is not drying and creates a natural pink color without being too shiny like a gloss.  The size seemed small but after having it for months and months I realized you only need a little to create a nice look.If you are more into a dramatic pink shade I would not recommend this but for anyone wanting a bit of color this is great.  It is also nice for cold days with a matte face for that pretty flushed appearance.
I have good skin and Stila Convertible Color is my only weekday cosmetic. My skin is very fair and the poppy shade gives me a great, natural-looking flush provided that I use very little product (yay! using less product!). It also is a fantastic color for lips and looks very natural. I highly recommend this shade if you are fair. Don't be alarmed at how bright it looks. This is the coveted vermilion red of the pre-revolution French aristocracy.This is also a very flattering shade on medium and dark skin tones. My mother is very tan and it looks nice on her.
I was so happy to find this on Amazon.  I was afraid I would not be able to find it anywhere as the compact I already had was almost empty.  Will be purchasing again.  This is the perfect blush color for my skin and I love the texture.
I got this and was really anxious about it, but I absolutely fell in love with it ;) a good purchase
At first i thought this was small and wouldn't last very long but i was wrong!! a little touch and it goes a loong way! unbelievable. Fuchsia is so perfect and beautiful for my fair skin Fast FAST shipping!!
It's the second bottle i used. So gentle and cause no sensitive. It can clean your skin well and I do it once a week.
getting hard to find ....it is outstanding stuff...and I have been using it for 30 plus years....I hate to run out....
ive used the super heavy duty mud from borghese, and thought it dried my skin out a but too much. i was recommended this, as its, in my opinion, a little lighter. I LOVE IT! i wear this at night for about ten minutes every other week, and the next day my skin is incredibly soft. it works well with oily/greasy spots, and what i like it that it doesnt suck out all the moisture from my skin.
I so love this product.  When I use it's normally a once a week regimen.  Each time I use it people stop me and compliment me on how nice my skin looks.  This is a must have if you are young or mature.
It is buy for my friend. She said it is good. I used it once. Not so effective. Maybe it is good.
I used to use the original Fango Mud but found it too drying as I've gotten older.  I ordered the Delicato and received the order very quickly...tried it immediately.  Have given myself three facials, so far, and can see a difference in my skin already.  Pores seemed to have disappeared and lines have softened!  Worth every penny.
i have been using Borghese mask for years and it really help with clean the pores .This one is not as stining as the darker green one ,but i also feel this one is not clean the pores as well as that one .but still loves it .
works as expected and i dont want to write more than that. Minimum word requirement is crappy thing to do to someone.
it has a really gooooood price when i buy it .and it makes sure my skin is cleaning. so i love it.
the firsst time buy the white mud. very gentle. feel  no irratation with it after a serious allergy.  i will buy it again
Great product. Very hydrating. Good value for the price. Will recommend for ppl who need extra cleanse and hydrating during winter.
I really like it. It makes my skin become perfect. Lot of my friends bought it too. It's good to use.
I've used Borghese for years and swear by it. No matter what I try, I always go back to Borghese. I consider it not only effective but also an indulgence. To me, it's always worth every penny.
My friend recommended it to me and it works. my skin become more clear and smooth after use it. good
good stuffs!i feel sorry ,i made mistake .my mom has helped me to sigh for,but she didnt tell me .good stuff!!!!
I find that I mascara (even the most highly rated ones)  tends to cause clumping, and I need a fine comb to separate my lashes. A good comb is hard to find, but this is it. Plastic combs have not been satisfactory; the metal teeth on this comb are fine enough to separate properly.
This is the best lash comb I have ever found.  The teeth are fairly sharp metal, so it really does an excellent job separating the lashes and doing away with clumps.  Use while the mascara is still wet.  The plastic combs seem to have teeth that are rounder at the ends and just wipe one side of the lashes.The best way to clean this comb is to use an eyebrow brush.  If you use a tissue and pull, the teeth can come out.  Once I stumbled onto this method, I have had the same one for 3 years, and I'll probably have it for a lot longer.
This is a great soft brush that fits perfectly onto the apples of the cheek for a perfect application of blush.  It picks up the right amount of powder for a polished application of brush.  Very soft and easy on sensitive skin.  Definitely a winner and I'm so glad that I ordered it.
I received the brush when it stated it would arrive. It is exactly as described, and I love it! I would definitely recommend it.
I was pleasantly surprised by how soft and pliable this brush is.  It fits perfectly into the Vincent Longo loose powder containers and picks up the right amount of powder for an airbrushed finish every time.  Highly recommend!
I MUST SAY I USE SOME OF THESE BRUSHES FOR PUTTING EYE MAKEUP ON AND THE OTHERES ARE STRICTLY FOR WHEN I COLOR MY HAIR I ALSO COLOR MY EYEBROWS SO THE MATCH AND THIS IS THE BEST BRUSH IN WORLD FOR THAT IN PUTS ON A NICE EVEN THICK COAT OVER EYEBROW THAT DOESN'T DRIP.  I ALWAYS DO EYEBROWS FIRST THEN COLOR HAIR SO IT STAYS ON EYEBROWS LONGER AND NO ONE CAN TELL I COLOR HAIR OR EYEBROWS AND THE BRUSH CLEANS VERY QUICK AND EASY DON'T WASTE UR MONEY ON OTHER BRUSHES THIS IS THE BEST...
If you want to add a beautiful shimmer and radiance to your skin, this is the product for you! I have a medium beige complexion and I find if I mix in a few drops of the LORAC luminizer into my foundation, I get a really nice, radiant/glowing look. However it is very shimmery so you want to make sure you don't over-do it. But for a special evening out, summertime, or just when you want to feel extra-beautiful - you should have this product in your makeup bag. I will keep it in stock in my make up bag because it really has a beautiful effect.
I mix it with my 60 sunblock every single day. It gives a nice glow. Have used it for a long time. I have tried other products but they aren't nearly as good.Well worth trying.
I started using this powder about 10 years ago and LOVE IT.I strayed to a mineral powder and have been using that awhile. I thought it was great until I started looking at pictures from a few years ago and thought wow, I look so much prettier in those photos.... what is the difference? It is the powder! I noticed I stopped getting compliments on my complexion when I stopped using it. Needless to say, after using mineral make up for the last three years, I decided to go back to this. OH BOY what a difference. It makes my skin glow and is easy and even in application. I am not leaving this powder again. GORGEOUS! :)
Love itUse daily. Price is better than in the store. Will definitely order again soon. That's all I have to say.
Same product as from sephora but much cheaper. Definitely recommend it and will be buying again as my refills are running out.
I have been using Stila powder for years and it has not lost it's staying power! It goes on smooth and sheer without building up on my skin.
The best looking foundation I have found for my sometimes oily nose and chin.Matched the color in the store and can purchase very easily online.I love the Easy Button!
On days when I want to just brush and go, this is my go-to product.  The coverage is all that I need, if I want more, I simply wet my brush.  It blends wonderfully, has a nice matte finish, and I'll always have it in my makeup arsenal.A tip for saving money, but the refills, you'd be surprised what you end of paying for the 'compact'.  Most refills will fit other, more reasonable empty compacts.
This is the only foundation I use.  Works in summer with a tan and winter without.  Doesn't look &#34;make-upy&#34; or feel &#34;cakey.&#34;  Plus, it's oil-free so no pimple problems.
I chose the wrong color but it was a good buy. Covers well . A++It was a bit on the lighter side just to keep in mind.
I've re-ordered this product many times over and it's performance is consistently satisfactory. I never liked foundation; no matter how many manufacturer's tell you how they've &#34;improved&#34; their foundations so that they feel like you're wearing nothing, you're still wearing foundation, and I, for one, can feel it. This product does a great job of even-ing out skin tone, matte-ifying the complexion, and hiding small imperfections. It honestly feels like nothing on the skin and looks all-natural.  If you have greater imperfections or moderate-to-dark circles beneath the eyes, you'd do well to use a concealer in conjunction with this product or opt to use something different altogether.
I have combination skin, and lots of trouble with shine mid-day.  I like to coverage of bare minerals, but continued to have shine with it.  This is perfect and I love that it is portable!  Color match 2.5 was great--gives great coverage and controls my shine.  Always a must when I go on vacation.
I'm always  on the lookout for a dual finish wet/dry powder w skin nourishing ingredient to  match my yellow undertones. And this was a perfect choice.. the finish is a dewey fresh  matte, that brightens! The complexion
Love it
I have sensitive skin, and I have used this powder for years without a problem. The powder can also be used wet for more coverage (closer to using foundation). The powder arrived quickly in perfect condition.
I've tried what seems like hundreds of foundations until a saleswoman at Ulta recommended this foundation to me.  I had asked her for a oil-free base that had good coverage (for days when I've broken out or have deep circles under my eyes).  She recommended this, I tried it on in the store with a friend, and I've been buying it for about a year now.  I prefer to use the sponge it comes with instead of a brush because it gives me more control and provides better coverage of flaws.  Because it's a powder makeup, it's easy to reapply either in small areas or all over should I need to do so.  The shade I use matches my skin perfectly.  For a high end cosmetic product, the price is reasonable.  I recommend using a good primer with this and all foundations.  Lorac's Wet/Dry Powder is much easier to apply evenly if you're using a primer first.  It also stays on longer with a primer.
I love this makeup !! My skin is very sensitive I can't put oil based makeup on it, even at 50yrs of age it will break me out. This is the best, very light weight and looks natural. I use to use bare essentials for a short period then found this!!!
I really like this powder foundation as it is subtle (doesn't look like I'm wearing makeup) but evens out my skin tone nicely.  It is lightweight and doesn't cake.  I haven't used it &#34;wet,&#34; only dry, so I can't speak to how it wears if you put it on wet.
I'm very happy I was able to get this product. It is not available any longer at sephora. If you have it in stock i'll probably order more
best powder you can buy and a great place to get it rather than going to store to get it if you already know your color match.
This is by far the best foundation ever. I have been using this foundation for years and I love the way it goes on so smooth, my skin looks so PERFECT!!!  I have very oily skin but no matter wet or dry this foundation works great.  The only thing is I can only find this foundation on Amazon now.  I use to buy it at Sephora but they don't have it anymore.  Sad ;)  But ovrall the BEST ever!!!
I wear pretty heavy eye makeup on a daily basis. I love the Smudge Pots b/c you can apply them sparingly or an enhancement effect or lay it on thick for a more intense look.  They have great consistency that's easy to manipulate and the color gets deeper the more you use. Be sure to let it dry, because they can smudge (in a bad way)
These is a great color to use as an eye shadow base, but it can be used all by itself as well.  Very creamy, doesn't crease.
I wear contacts, and constantly have issues with liners ending up under my eye.  One of my biggest pet peeves.  This stuff is awesome! Goes on smoothly, and stays on all day long.  I actually had to take out my contact after applying it one morning, when I put the lens back in, no smears!! C'mon, that never happens.  I'm hooked. Doesn't feel heavy or anything.Amazing stuff!
The product is the longest lasting eyeliner I've ever tried and I also have oily skin. It does last all day but it will also smudge after a few hours but if you set it with powder its really stays all day. Highly recommended!
I used to be a loyal user of Stila's Stay All Day Liquid Eyeliner Pen, but I'd get a little frustrated that by the end of the day, it wouldn't look so sharp and clean as it did when first applied. I decided to switch to the Smudge Pot applied with a nano brush and I will NEVER go back. It looks sharp and clean all day, applies easily to both top and bottom lid, and glides on even more smoothly than the pen. I haven't tried the other colors, but the black is perfect for me and I have had zero problems with it drying out. Very happy with my purchase, as I am with most Stila products.
Have always hated pencil liners, yet any makeup in the form of a pencil. It needs sharpening and wastes product in the sharpener. These smudge pots have their pros and cons. Pros; staying power once applied and dried is amazing, easy to smudge before it dries, less waste of product in a pot, heck you can even use a q-tip like I do to apply (works as good as a brush if you master it), inky intensity is dark especially the black is really black not dark grey, pot lasts long time even if you apply everyday. Cons; after applying the product dries in a matter of five seconds so smudge upon application, keep that lid closed tight all times even during application to avoid product drying out thus can be hard to work with, with staying power comes hard to remove with standard soap and water, but you can use olive oil or eye makeup remover to help out. Still I give this product max stars, have cobalt blue and black. I hear blue liner is the new black but in my opinion a fun change! I recommend this liner just give it a try and practice applying with brush or q-tip.
I love this gel eye liner and have been using it for years.  It stays on all day long, no problems, no smudging on my oily eyelids.  Yes, it does harden up in the pot before it is all used up, but you still get a terrific amount of uses from it.  It is worth throwing away some of the product to have the great color and staying power of this liner.
Love this product.  Stays put all day and goes on easily.  Can be smudged before it dries for a softer look.
Amazing! Stays on all day at work and even through workouts and sweating. Amazing product! i will never buy another eyeliner as long as i live. Stila is my favorite makeup.
This product is awesome.  I can't wait to run out and buy it in a few other colors.  It goes on easy with a nice line and never smudges once set.  I'm not a hard core eyeliner girl but the look of this can be as subtle or dramatic as I like -depending on mood and event.
I have always been a big fan of the thicker, retro-inspired, lined eye but unfortunately for me my liner was constantly moving around.  It would always end up transferred to my crease and smudged any which way within a mere couple of hours.  I finally got fed up and splurged on this lovely product.  Here's how I feel about it:Cost: I can hear my frugal friends (and maybe some of you?) now - "Are you kidding?  $20 for eyeliner?"  The way I justified the cost not only to myself but to my husband boiled down to the fact that I was spending $8 on a drugstore eyeliner every month and a half or so.  Word on the street was that the Stila Smudge Pot would last a whole lot longer and BOY does it.  We'll talk more about that later.  If your eyeliner purchasing habit has been anything like mine was, this is a good investment.  I'll take $20 annually over $80 annually any day!Functionality and Caveats: I should mention that if you're not familiar with Stila's Smudge Pots, you should note that this is a gel liner.  But don't be scared!  If you're used to pencils or sticks, it's okay!  This is a really easy product to transition to.  A makeup artist friend of mine recommended that I use an angled brow brush instead of the flat liner brush to get that winged look that I so love.  Reason being that it does the winging work for you since it's already shaped that way.  If you do not already have this type of brush in your kit, it will require an additional investment.  I found a Smashbox one on sale and it's great (review for that to come!) but whatever is in your price range and of good quality will work just fine.The gel moves across the lid beautifully and its easy to build up to make the line thicker.  You can, however, use too much.  You'll know that you've gotten to that point when you see the liner start to pull off with your brush, revealing your skin underneath the line you thought you had.  Easy fix - just load your brush up again with a little bit of the product and dot it into the patches.  It fills in nicely with no indication that you had a little mishap!Sidenote: Keep in mind that if you're looking to achieve a nice, THIN line, this might not be the best product for you.  This liner is incredibly versatile but thin line lovers might want to seek out a liquid liner depending on the look you're going for.Once you're done, this liner will not move.  For me, it has stayed put through ridiculously long work days, photographing events in 90 degree heat, happy tears, sad tears, and lots of dancing at weddings.  If you've had any of my aforementioned experience with eyeliner, that performance ALONE is worth the $20.The only bummer about this product might have been my own fault.  I noticed that the one I currently have started to dry out a little which could be for a couple of reasons - either it really is getting old OR it might be from accidentally leaving my makeup bag in the car a couple of times in warmer weather.  Either way, to make it stretch a tad, I wet my brush a little bit before dipping into the pot and it's good as new.Overall, this is a great product and I would recommend it to anyone looking for that classic statement of a winged eye.  I bought my first Smudge Pot in 2010 and haven't looked back!  If you're willing to take a minute to play with it when you get it home and learn to wield that angled brush, I'm sure you'll love it as much as I do and it will become an essential product in your makeup kit!- KOBrien
This is a great base for eyeshadow colors. You have to work in it a bit, but once it's well blended it looks beautiful. I love it! It works great with all skin tones as well.
Frequent purchaser of this product.  1 word of caution, keep it covered every moment you can.  Dries out quickly.  I put the cover on between every stroke and have no problems with it.
Stila puts a bead of what seems to be a rubber cement-type substance on their jars so when you seal the jar, it is airtight. As a result the gel doesn't dry out as quickly as competitive products (like Bobbie Brown's eyeliner gel).
Love this product, I use it for eyeliner, it doesn't smudge or flake, stays on until you remove take it off..
Adore this product!!
Yeah, I have no witty way of saying that this is a great eyeliner. No downsides presented themselves since I started using the black liner everyday. For the record, I also bought the Jade version about a year ago. I will talk about that in a minute. This giant (compared to other liners) product has been in my makeup lineup for about a month. I love how I can put this on my bottom waterline and it will not move for the day. This is the reason I bought the smudge pot. I used Maybelline's makeup since freshman year. I was loyal until I realized my midday raccoon eyes were the result of their gel pots. Since switching, my eyes look flawless until I wash it off. By the way, this washes off with a simple cleanser. I use Alaffia African Black Soap, just for example. No rubbing needed. Best stuff ever!The Jade version I got a year ago is still good. I started using it regularly in April. Several months of opening and use did dry it out. That was the case until I mixed two drops of grapeseed oil into it. The next day, I used it for eyeshadow. It was like new. There was no creasing or smudging.
I use an angled eyeliner brush to apply this on my upper eyelid (as an eyeliner). It can also be smudged for a "smokey" look, or applied thickly, like an eyeshadow. The texture is like a really thick hair gel (but not gooey). It is applied  VERY easily, and looks great. It is as easy to apply as an eyeliner pen, and is WAY easier to apply than a pencil. The 0.14 oz tub might seem small, but it will last WAY longer than a pencil or an eyeliner pen. (Imagine how many ball point pens this much ink could fill). I am not one to buy expensive makeup - especially not eyeliner (because you can buy pencils so cheaply), but this was definitely worth the $20. I would buy it again!
very pretty sparkly color, goes on great, I use in the corner of my eye, and underneath my black eyeliner on the bottom of my eyes and makes my green eyes pop, stays on all day.  love this.
I got this product and love it, I wear it everyday and it does not smear at all for the full day....
Kitten is a good color to smooth out and lighten dark lids.The shade gives a soft pearl-like appearance.
I will echo what most other five star reviews have stated.This is a great product, lasts all day in all kinds of weather, the only caveat is applying it properly (it dries fast and stays put), so if you "mess up", you have to be sure to get the smudges off the areas you don't want them. No worries, it's not "cakey", and you don't have to "scrub" it off at the end of the day. It removes easily with a gentle cleanser or eye make up remover.I apply the product to my eyeliner applicator brush, and close the bottle right away. Don't let the product dry out, it will last much longer the less exposed it is to the air.It is the absolute best "no smudge" gel eyeliner. I previously used a similar Mac product, but it was discontinued. This one is better anyway, hands down.
I have tried lots of brands of make-up- anywhere from brands from that are carried at your local drugstore to NARS, and I have also tried every type of eye liner there is and smudge pots are by far the BEST!!! And when it comes to make up it's all about the type of brush you use and the right type of make-up for your skin.Anyway, I first tried MAC's smudge pot this summer and I really like the whole concept; except I didn't like how clumpy it got on the brush (maybe it was the brush I was using- I was using my friend's stuff) so I tried looking up different brands and it turns out there are only 2 brands that make smudge pots and that's MAC & Stila... so I after my experience with MAC's and I honestly just don't really like their make-up, I don't like the way it looks on my skin... so I picked Stila and it was a wonderful choice!!! Hope it work well for y'all!
This is totally awesome... but you have to master a brush application. Once that is accomplished, you can get a super fine line, or a sultry smudge.I love it... and it wears really well all day, even through a hard workout.
I absolutely love the eye liner smudge pot. Goes on easily and doesn't smear. My eyes are prone to watering so this is a great product for me.
I've tried several gel eyeliner pots and all have either been too "stiff", too dark/intense, or dry out too quickly.  I chose the gray color and love it.  It's a nice medium gray that goes on like silk (it appears to be darker in the online photo).  You can leave it as a solid line, or soften it with a sponge applicator to achieve a nice natural smokey look, which I was looking for.  Once the application dries, it stays put on your lids for the rest of the day. What more could you ask for?!
I love this eyeliner so much. It is really worth every penny. IT doesn't smudge and it is long lasting.
i saw a review of the smudge pots in "gothic beauty" magazine and i had to try it.  i've been using smudge pots for a couple years now and i can't say enough about them.  i have really oily skin which means makeup tends to slide off my face, even my eyelids.  this stuff lasts me all day and all night, even to the next day.  i have to make sure my face is clean, then i put on a layer of eyeshadow, then i use the smudge pots with sephora's flat eyeliner brush.  it goes on so perfectly, smooth and soft.  with pencils, i was always pulling on my eye or having to go over the line because it skipped in spots.  then it would disapper within a few hours.  i always had to carry my pencil with me in case of emergency!  black eyeliner is a must for me and i tried so many different pens and inks.  but after the smudge pots, there's been nothing else.
Best applied with a large stippled brush for maximum blending. Melts into skin and lasts all day (can be retouched without cakey build-up) over VL primer. Shade selection is not that critical as most take on the basic tone of one's own skin.  Especially good on dry types. Does not settle into lines. No perfumy odor.
I don't normally wear foundation.  I hate the way I can feel it sitting on my skin and don't like how it can look artificial.This expensive small pan of water based foundation conquers those two problems for me.This feels light and cool going on, and is imperceptible to me.  I can't feel it at all.  It evens out my skin tone, conceals my mild rosacea, and looks like perfect beautiful skin rather than makeup.This is only .4 ounces, and the container is anything but luxe.  It is a screw lid, not a compact, hardly the type of case such an expensive makeup should come in.  But the genius is in the formula.I applied this first with a fingertip.  I only needed a small amount in the center of my face to look flawless.  While this is not heavy coverage, it is more than enough coverage to even out redness.  If you need heavier coverage, this won't work for that. But for light natural beautiful looking coverage, like you have naturally perfect skin, this is beyond anything I've tried before.  It looks the way good airbrushed makeup can look.  It gives a very smooth even glowing finish, neither oily nor waxy.I found that the best way to apply this is with a small makeup sponge which has been lightly dampened.  The makeup in the pan is hard but with a damp sponge it comes up easily and applies smoothly.  You have to work fast because within seconds it dries but this isn't a problem, as this blends easily upon application.  This has zero scent or perfume at all.This is the first water based makeup I've ever loved.  Usually they look chalky and mask like on me.  The third ingredient in this is talc, one ingredient I have always avoided.  I dislike anything dry looking but in this, the talc is imperceptible.I received the color called Bisque.  I thought it might be too pale for me but it is perfect.  In the pan it looks tan but on my skin it blends in like it was custom blended for me.  This makeup lets your own skin show through, but it enhances it in a way I've never experienced in makeup before. I have pale skin but it is warm without pink tones.  Bisque is perfect.  I am not sure that matching exactly would be difficult with this makeup.  It is sheer and enhances your skin tone rather than covering it up.I think it's extremely bold to sell four tenths of an ounce of foundation for $57 and I considered knocking this down at least one star for that.  But in marketing it's what the consumers will pay, and they are paying for this without a problem.I think it would be more palatable to people if you got a full ounce of this.  The ingredients probably cost a few cents, particularly since this says it is 75% water.I can't feel this makeup on my face nor can I see it.  All I can see is glowing radiant perfect looking skin.  I cringe at the price of this but...would I buy it again, in spite of the cheap looking case and small amount you get?  You bet I would.
This is the only foundation I can use that will not break me out! It gives a very natural soft finish with good coverage. I'm very happy with it, except I wish it came in a bigger amount for how expensive it is. It would help me as a consumer, but it's the only product I can use on my face.
I'm all about having a foundation that isn't obvious, but at the same time I need a fair amount of coverage on my cheeks because they get really read.  It took a few uses to figure this out, this is very different from any foundation I've ever used. The brush I used (different brand) didn't work.  It just took too long. Finally I figured out that using my finger was best. It's light coverage, so I'd lightly put it everywhere and then I'd go back for another layer on the areas I needed more coverage.  I LOVE it!  I no longer feel like I have makeup caked on my face and my skin looks SO much better!
I love this foundation and have used it for many years. It goes on smooth and even. It doesn't cake up or get streaky. I receive so many compliments on my skin and am often asked what I use.  It's a wonderful product.
I use this product with a wet sponge, I love that this is a water base product does not dry my skin out.
I have been using Vincent Longo water canvas on and off for several years.  The reason that I have not used it consistently is because it is not readily available at many retail locations and it can be difficult to match foundation colors online. None the less, this offers superior coverage and creates a soft even complexion. It is not too heavy and it is pretty amazing when applied. It is a more pricey than some other products, but considering that you put your &#34;face forward&#34; , it is worth the investment.  Note: Sephora used to carry this product and I am not sure if they still do in some locations. It may be worth matching colors in person and then make subsequent purchases on Amazon.
Absolutely love this foundation. I applied it with a brush for a light coverage finish and found that it did not settle into my smile lines. The Bisque color blended perfectly with my skin and there is no line of demarcation between the foundation's application on my face and my neck. It is a creme to powder foundation and leaves my skin feeling as though I were not wearing any make-up at all. It created a perfect canvas for the application of my blush, etc. I try to avoid anything that is heavy or obvious looking in terms of make-up because I am simply too old for that sort of thing. Yet, I have had a life-long love affair with all things in the realm of toiletries and cosmetics. This make up is cruelty free, made in Japan and is oil-free, fragrance-free, hypoallergenic and non-comedogenic. Kudos to Vincent Longo who has an extensive background in the world of fashion. He founded his line of cosmetics in 1994.
This is the best Foundation I have ever used ! And will continue using .Hides impefections without looking like I'm made up !
First thing I noticed about this foundation was the price. Wowzers. I haven't spent that much on one beauty product in forever. Or maybe even never. The second thing I noticed was the rave reviews, and so I was really excited to try this. I'm no newbie to makeup, having started wearing heavy makeup as a pre-teen and now being a licensed cosmetologist.That said, I'm also on a budget, a stay-at-home-mom now with three kids, so I don't have the money to spend on department store brands. I've been using mostly drugstore makeup, or the makeup I can buy at professional salon supply stores, for years now. My go-to foundations have ALWAYS been liquid Covergirl or L'Oreal. I always also use the very lightest shade. When I was a teen, my mom liked to spoil me with nice department store makeup, but brands like Clinique and Lancome never had a shade pale enough for me that wasn't also yellow/orange in the natural daylight. So, I've always been content with the liquid foundations from drugstore brands. I've always worn heavy foundation too.I have extremely PALE, pink, Swedish skin. My skin is dry, I have had a handful of hormonal pimples over my entire life. My biggest struggle is exfoliating and moisturizing my dry skin, especially in my dry state of Colorado. I wasn't sure this &#34;cream to powder&#34; foundation would be right for me, but after reading the reviews I was eager to give it a try.When this foundation arrived, the first thing I noticed was that the shade was just not right. I'd read the reviews and heard that Bisque was good for fair skin, but MY extremely pale Swedish skin would not have it. It looked orange to me, and I would have looked like an oomp-loompa wearing this shade. I've used enough makeup in the past to know immediately that this was not my shade. I was so disappointed but still wanted to try this product out in my shade! I'd been intrigued by the awesome reviews. So I took it to my local Vincent Longo counter to try out the other shades. Sure enough, the makeup artist helped me find that the lightest (of course) shade called Porcelain was the best on my skin. Before purchasing, you might want to go to the actual local Vincent Longo counter to have them test the shades on you before settling on one. Bisque was far too dark on me. Upon hearing my plight and seeing I had an unused product in the wrong shade, the Vincent Longo makeup artist insisted on an even exchange do that I could use and review this makeup properly. I ended up taking home the Porcelain shade to use--same product, different shade. On that note, can I also say that this company's customer service was above and beyond?I am so happy to have found this foundation! My only concern is that my budget had previously allowed for a $10 Covergirl foundation. But this Vincent Longo has knocked my socks off!Though you can apply this foundation with a foundation brush, I like heavier coverage so I use a sponge applicator. I circle the sponge over the foundation pot--the product description says to never puncture the surface!--and then wipe it in a downward motion on my face. I use a drugstore brand primer first, of course. I also make sure my face is well exfoliated and moisturized too.This foundation applies like a dream! It's cool to the touch and feels like air! It's made me re-think how heavy I wear my foundation. Liquid foundation is a thing of the past for me now, I think.I don't know HOW they made this foundation, but it amazes me. It glides on, giving me coverage, reducing my redness in my nose and cheeks, but it feels like I'm wearing no makeup whatsoever. Then, when I hold my magnifying mirror up to my face, I swear I can't see anything on my skin. They made this foundation to look just like skin on your skin. It's amazing! It doesn't shift, it doesn't settle into fine lines and creases. It just gives a nice, sheer coverage. Surprisingly, this light coverage is just enough coverage for me--and I was previously the type who liked to cover my skin well for a even-tone look. This product evens my tone without being heavy or making me look like a fake porcelain doll. It lets my natural skin shine through, giving a weightless, even coverage over what I don't want seen.I use a translucent face powder--oh so lightly--to set this foundation. It lasts all day (though I have always made a conscious effort not to touch my face much during the day). My only complaint? I don't know how--or if--I can ever go back to my $10 foundation again. I can't! I'm hooked on this Vincent Longo. I also had the pleasure of trying out their blush--and I love that product too.Here I've avoided department store makeup for a long time, but this is one brand where--if you have the budget--it really is better than drugstore brands. I'm not at all surprised at all the other glowing reviews. I've been using this foundation for a couple weeks now, and I still keep looking closely in the mirror to marvel at how it just looks like my SKIN.Highly recommended by me! And the Bisque shade seems to make a lot of people happy. My best advice, however, before ordering, is to go to your local Vincent Longo makeup artist and test out those shades first. Once you find the right one, you're bound to be happy.
Best foundation I've found in years!  I have used Sheer Cover mineral products in the past, but found as I grew older (50's) this sort of foundation wasn't for me anymore, I tried then tried various liquid and creme foundations from Mary Kay, Clinique and Revlon.  Never really happy with any of them, I still have the potential for acne, and skin can be oily, but I have dryness and flaking too.  This foundation goes on easily, with no mess, my skin turns out looking very even and I have less problems with dryness, nor does it feel oily.  Perfect coverage, and long-lasting, and I just apply it with a good quality brush, highly recommend this product!
Age: 56skin type: slightly sensitive with slight rosaceaI used mineral make-up for years, and then recently switched to a liquid foundation, especially in the winter when everything, including skin, is drier.  I was skeptical about this "creme(cream)-to-powder" formula because I was afraid it would be drying to, or look dry on, my skin with the word "powder" in the product title.Comes in a nice-looking compact. I swept a finger over the foundation and it felt creamy and silky -so far so good! I used a foundation brush to apply it -- over my moisturizer -- and it looked nice, but I still didn't know how it would look once it "dried" to its "powder" -- I went to my appointment, and when I came home, checked my face. Nice! No powdery look; nice satin finish- really, it looked as if I weren't wearing make-up except that my face looked more polished.I do suggest using a foundation brush - because it blends better. If you tap your brush just a little on it, then starting at 'the middle of your face" and working outward, using just a little of the product, you will have a nice finish. Sometimes I will use my fingers afterward to smooth a little more, but not always.I'm happy with this and will look for more Vincent Longo products - this being my first one. No breakouts from it, and a nice dewy look to my skin. As well, it will fit into my bag when I travel without worrying about spills.Good product.
Thus far, I am thoroughly impressed with the Vincent Longo cosmetic lines.I did (obviously) give it five stars because I truly like it a great deal (and will likely repurchase), however, in the interest of full disclosure, I feel I must also state that this is not a "Holy Grail" product for me.  I will also state what I perceive to be it's oddities and flaws with the listing.First of all, I don't think it met the claim of being "truly skin like," but I also don't know of any other product that does (and find that to be a difficult aim for a powder finish foundation).  While applying it does come close to being skin like, but if you go the tiniest bit heavy the results are too powdering for my taste.Also, I wish the listing would display the shades in ascending (or descending) order of pigment.  I would like to try the shade just one shade darker than this one, but the images (and color names, with are un-numbered) make that difficult to discern.Things that make this different.  One (and this may impact your color choice) unlike other formulas which seem to dry darker (if there is a color shift), this one, if anything, dries a smidgen lighter.  In addition, I found the application results an interesting experiment.  I tried applying this with a sponger (a BeautyBlender), with my fingertips, and with a foundation brush.  (Note: no applicator is included.)  Brush treatment was by far the best result; likely because it also created the sheerest result.Coverage develops as it dries. It is Very Easy to use too much of this product (a very little goes a long way, hence, I find it a good overall value).  While applying, it looks more skinlike than the eventual finish, and that's makes it easy to be a bit too heavy handed, and create a too powdery look.  For this reason, I recommend a sheer use.  It brightens and evens skin.  Coverage can be considered buildable, but too much is a completely different look.My skin tends to be sensitive, but it has done well with this product.Please note that this is designed to work with the water base primer by VL.I recommend this product, but I also recommend that Amazon revamp the listing to allow some disambiguation of the color choices.
This is without doubt the best make up available anywhere in the world today. Total coverage.  Invisible on the skin. Magic.
I started using Longo cosmetics in 1996 - I had never, ever work foundation until I stumbled upon Water Canvas.  Best product ever - tried using many, many others, and nothing has ever come close.  Light-weight with subtle coverage.  I am so glad this product is still available.
I don't think I've ever been more satisfied with a powder before, but this one is perfect! I LOVE the cool sensation on my skin when I apply it. The color and softness is amazing!!!!
I had my daughter use this for the purpose of this review.She tells me that the foundation has good coverage and goes on smooth.In her opinion it is a high end product and hence not cheap. But you get what you pay for. In other words, it's good value for the price.Recommended.
Me: Late 40's, with dry, sensitive skin and a couple "age spots" on my cheeks. I'm a foundation hater and rarely wear it, but I love this Vincent Longo Water Canvas. I don't feel it on my face, yet it covers the hyperpigmentation, not quite 100%, but enough to make me happy. Of course the directions suggest using the Vincent Longo primer first, but I use Laura Geller's Spackle and it works fine with the Spackle. No cake-y feeling, it isn't drying, it feels watery/cooling when applied. I use a Takelon foundation brush. More expensive than most foundations, but a little goes a long way. I'm a fair/cool skintone and the Bisque is the perfect shade for me.
this brush is extremely soft but firm. It is great to use for contouring. I use it with my Laguna Nars bronzer as well as my Bare Minerals warmth bronzer
The vendor package and shipped the brush in a timely manner, faster than expected. The brush is a NARS brush not a knock off and is well made. It applies the bronsing powder in a nice soft finish. Love this brush!Love Amazon! :)
I just received my brushes and I was very pleased with the merchandise, shipping and on top of that I received a gift a duo lipstick,  I would definitely recommend this seller and will continue to purchase more product and brushes. Thank you for the gift.
Great powder that doesn't get dry or chalky on the skin. Not too heavy matte look but a  Smooth light finish.
After trying many, many concealers... I have found that this concealer does the job.  I have extremely sensitive skin and dark under eye area.  This concealer is creamy, will not dry, covers very well and last all day long.  In the summer I do apply a setting powder over it and find that it does well in 90+degree weather.  Truly recommend and is well worth the money, I have used this product for the past 3 years and have not developed ANY negative reactions. One little pot last about a year and I use it daily around eyes and nose.  You will not be disappointed.
I have been using this Lorac concealer for years. I have very fair skin, and the dark circles under my eyes are REALLY dark without the right concealer. The color C1 is the only concealer that I have found that is light enough without all of that yellow tint. (IMO, that "yellow" tint does not cut it AT ALL for concealing dark circles). Anyway, C1 is very light, has a whitish-pinkish base that works really well for the translucent fair-skinned, blonde, blue-eyed "All-American"- looking type (Ladies, you know who you are). I suppose it would also work for a pale blonde Swedish type-- it is THAT light. I love it. I do have a trick for making it work: I put a little vasoline under my eyes---just a very, very tiny few pats with a fingertip for a bit of moisture, then I pat this concealer on very gently with my fingertips along the "tear trough" area (not the entire under-eye area). Blend it well by patting with my fingertip (don't "spread" it-- "pat" it), pat some "creamy natural" colored Cover Girl Powder on the entire face, (goes to show you just how light of a skin tone we are talking about here), a little peachy pink blush if you need it, and DONE. It does not cake up. It does not "settle" into lines that I have noticed (when I smile). I would recommend this product for those of you who are looking for a light concealer. It is expensive, but one quarter-sized little "tub" of concealer lasts me about a year. I sure hope that they don't discontinue the C1 color. I used to be able to buy it at ULTA, but not any more.
Love the yellow undertones and creamy texture of this concealer for under the eyes (counteracts any dark circles and is soft for delicate skin). You will need a setting powder for it because it does crease after application if used alone.
I love this product, I have been using it for years and was very happy to find it on line. Stays on all day!!
I love this color it is a peach color that does not go on flat. It does not have any sparkle or glitter so it looks very natural. A peach color that does not just go on orange, but has a little pink/coral tone to it.
Unfortunately one of the other reviewers gave this product a one star rating because the blush arrived in pieces.  That was a shipping problem and shouldn't have resulted in a poor product rating.  I have tried every pink blush available in drugstores but keep returning to the Lorac.  It goes on evenly, has a beautiful natural color and makes my face look radiant.  In addition the color stays all day long and I don't need to reapply. I use two colors, Pink and Desire depending on my mood or outfit.  The pink is bright whereas the Desire is shimmery and more subtle. I highly recommend Lorac blush.
This product is awesome! It goes on well and stays on all day. It's hard to find now, so I need to order on line. But so worth it!
I think this color has been discontinued. It's my favorite and I can't find anything else to match. Armani makes a liquid blush that comes close.
Love this blush! So natural and neutral enough to pair will all your other eyeshadow shades.Stays on and leaves a natural glow! Will definitely rebuy!
This blush I think is discontinued....so when I found it on here, I was ecstatic! This is my fourth time using this blush and is by far the prettiest peach shade I have used. I have tried many many other peach shades and they are either too shiny or too pink in some ways or just too orange.I would HIGHLY recommend this blush! And it arrived SUPER FAST!
The is by far the best blush I've ever used, and Rose is the perfect color.  Unfortunately, it's becoming nearly impossible to find, I think it must have been discontinued.  It has tons of pigment and absolutely no shine.  Why do my favorite cosmetics always get discontinued?  Grrrrr  If you can find it, I can't recommend it highly enough.
I discovered this eye shadow many years ago and I've continued to purchase it to this day.  It has the perfect amount of shine and shimmer to it without an extravagant use of glitter.  Since this color is perfect for work, casual, or going out, this is my go-to eye shadow that I wear for every occasion.
A beautiful, sheer wash of opalescent blue. Use it lightly or layer for more intense color. Love it with my brown eyes!
The only color I buy is Serenity (copper with a bit of shimmer).  This color is magic because it is the only shadow you have to wear.  Where it hits the light (inner/middle part of the eyelid) the shimmer picks up the light, but where it is dark (in the outer crease of the eye), it gives you the shading you need.Just put this on with some mascara and you are good to go!
I love this product and only use it to highlight the corners of my eyes and under the brow. Very nice shade for daily use.
I love the quality of Lorac products and this one does not disappoint. The color is a shimmery grayish-bluish shade which can be more heavily applied to create a smokier eye shadow color. Perfect for both pale and medium skin tones. The tone is perfect with gray,purple, blue or black clothing.
With lipsticks, I have to be very careful or I will look like a clown! My skin is very white, almost a porcelain so I need a lipstick with blue overtones. This is the first time that I have selected a lipstick without seeing in person. The color is exactly like it is portrayed in the picture so I am very relieved. I love the color.Also it is hydrating so my lips feel protected from the dry Texas winds. It comes in light gold toned case that will not break when dropped. The case adds a touch of elegance.I highly recommend this lipstick for women who are fair skinned.
Although I don't consider this lipstick moisturizing enough to wear without a balm or lip conditioner,it goes on smoothly without showing unnecessary aging or lines on the lips surface. I find the color to be long lasting. I have been searching for a daytime red and find the color that I chose to have a bit more terracotta than I would like. I've been experimenting using different glosses over it. The lipstick layers well while still manages to stay light.
I've been afraid to branch out of my neutrals but this color is definitely a winner. And the lipstick itself is moisturizing. I definitely recommend this one.
If you've experienced Sonja Kashuk's lipsticks, these are very similar to those, but *slightly* longer lasting (in my opinion) and in a more elaborate shade range. They're beautiful and hydrating, come in a fantastic colors, and end up feeling creamy and unlike any lipstick I've ever tired before.I have several, and love them all. I have Meg, Dusty, Nicole, and Kate, and WILL be purchasing more.
I prefer a creamy formula that does not have a strong perfume, and this lipstick more than met my expectations. It goes on extremely smooth and has a rich feel, but doesn't creep into fine lines. The color is a lovely pink and stayed true for a decent length of time.. One warning: one persons very creamy/moisturizing formula can too greasy for another. If you dislike the feel of lip glass you may have issues with this lipstick. I'll add that the case is elegant with a substantial weight.
I wear a lot of lipstick and am very particular about  brands. I do find that some really dry my lips out and I don't care for that.  This lipstick was hydrating and went on smoothly.The color I received, Whitney was a little pinker then I usually purchase but it was very pretty. I tend to layer my lipsticks and will use this one for sure. I'm planning on trying some of the other colors too. Very nice and recommended.
Normally I wouldn't wear a pink lipstick.  I am more of a deep red lipstick sort of girl, but this lipstick is an interesting bright summertime pink.  A hot pink almost.  It goes oddly enough with my pale skin and blue eyes.  I'd recommend it to women who want to try a pink and like reds, because it is a stand-out color and looks good on.
This color is pretty beautiful. It 's shinning, but not so much shinning. It fits me very well. I use this every week.
This nail polish is great! The color is magnificent and it last for well over a 2 week period. Much cheaper to order it here than to purchase it at Nordstrums.
Seriously people, this nail polish lasts forever!!  The color is very neutral, great for every day.  I can get away with polishing my nails every two weeks with Deborah Lippmann.
Nail polish is pricey but the quality is there in looks and how long it last.. I had the blue last time.. love love
Looks beautiful and natural if used alone.  Just like your natural nails with a bit of peach shimmer.  But I use this as a topcoat over Essie's "Over the Top" (a dark charcoal) and OPI's "You Dont Know Jaques" (a cement brown).  adds gorgeous shimmer to ANY color polish!  makes your manicure last forever too
Looks great layered over a darker polish, when you want more color, as it's a clear polish with subtle sparkle.
nice product, wrapped well. good service. thank you very much. color nice light sheer pink. I put  a glitter polish over top to spice it up a bit.
This polish goes on smoothly and looks great!  It  lasts for days.  I originally used it at a salon and had to write down the name so I could buy my own bottle.  It has just the right amount of shimmer.
This is a gorgeous color and goes on so well.  It has replaced my old favorite and I will be buying this again.
THIS POLISH IS ONE OF THE PRETTIEST COLORS I'VE EVER USED.  THE PICTURED COLOR IS ACCURATE.  MY ONLY PROBLEM IS THAT THE COLOR DIDN'T LAST LONG.
This is so beautiful!  It's a pearl polish with microscopic copper flecks floating in it so it looks like pink diamonds floating inside a creamy pearl, if you can picture that.  I applied 2 coats of it over a single coat of Sheswai &#34;So Cute&#34; (a light coral cream polish) as a base coat and it's just gorgeous.  I imagine if I put it over a white or cream base coat it would look totally pearly, but I wanted a bit more color and that's why I used the Sheswai which is one of my favorites of their polishes.The finished look is ultra-shiny and very appropriate for summer.
I am very happy with this nail laquer. Looks best with 2 or 3 layers. Lasts for a long time, you do not have to remove and reapply very freequently!
This is a good color to place over some other colors to change up the color and/or add a bit of a shimmer.
This is the perfect second coat for any polish that you want to turn into a glimmery-but-not-over-the-top polish.  Absolutely lovely and just the right level of sheerness.  Will order more Lippmann in the future.
Goes on smoothly and easily. Long lasting. Love the color and shimmer (light pink with bluish shimmer).  Deborah Lippmann is my new favorite brand of nail polish.
I absolutely love this scrub! I have sensitive skin & it doesn't irritate it at all! It also does a marvelous job in moisturizing your body!! I highly recommend this to anyone looking for something soothing for your skin.
I first received this scrub as a gift and loved it so much that I order it on Amazon now. I am not a fan of overly scented beauty products but this fragrance is just right. I use it most before a spray tan or self tanner but also great for winter feet and elbows and comes in a generous size. Give it a try!
I'm hard to please with both body scrubs and vanilla scents.  Luckily, I found Bliss's Vanilla and Bergamot Body Buff.  The scrub is smooth enough to be gentle on your skin, but tough enough to really exfoliate - something I need because I have problems with keratosis pilaris on my back and arms.  It smells divine, with a rich vanilla/citrusy bergamot scent (think Earl Grey tea), and leaves your skin feeling dewy and soft.  Not cheap, but worth the price.  I also like Fresh's Brown Sugar body polish (some people don't because they think it's too greasy, but I live in a very dry area and need the moisture), but this product is just as good for half the price, and its texture is lighter.  Excellent product.
I've tried other scrubs, but they tend to be oily, clumpy, or leave a mess in the tub. This one exfoliates in a creamy base and rinses off without leaving a mess in the tub, leaving me with the softest skin I've ever had. I highly recommend it!
This scrub is amazing!  It smells delicious, and leaves your skin ridiculously soft, moist, and delicatly scented all day long!  I have extremely dry, sensitive skin, so adding this step in the moring definatly helps my skin grow, as well as making my skin a lot less dry, so that it looks smoother, a lot less rough, and I can add a lot less lotion then usual.  I also have extremely sensitive skin, and this scrub hasn't irritated it at all- it's great.To get the best scrub, right before your shower massage into dry skin and enjoy the experience.  It will feel rough as you massage it in, but your skin will fill ridiculous silky during and after your shower.  Use this scrub once a week- any more, and you could be overexfoliating your skin which isn't good!This scrub is great, but it is a little pricy- it's about 38 dollars.  I would definatly invest in this great scrub however- it'll last you a long time, smells delicious and works like a charm.  For other great scrubs, i would definatly hit the Body Shop, which have amazings once as well, yet this one is definatly my favorite!!!!
Very nice product. I use it everyday with my exfoliating gloves. I recommend this product & am happy I made the purchase.
Anti-aging, anti-acne, my skin has seriously never looked better. I've suffered bad skin and acne my entire life and I've spent thousands of dollars over the years on other products that just made the problems worse. A friend recommended this brand to me and so I tried it. It took a few weeks to a month for me to notice a difference but WOW did it help. Also, it foams really nicely and is unscented, it also lasts a long time.
I have oily/acne prone skin and this has helped me alot.  I use it with menscience face lotion, menscience scrub, sharps toner, and nature's cure benzoil peroxide and have seen an amazing improvement.  The prices on their products are kinda high but this lasts for awhile because you don't need to use much.  The gycolic acid is the key I think and it really helps shed the dead skin that can clog your pores. Research some of the main ingredients and you will see that the people making it really knew what they were doing.  This stuff's the real deal.Update 9/29/2012:I should add that I started to use the face brush (although anything similar would work) and it really builds up a lather and makes it so you don't have to use nearly as much. One bottle has easily been lasting me one year if not a bit longer. The brush also seems to help the acids in the wash dissolve away the gunk much better. I don't use the scrub any more because the brush does a better job. I'm still using the same wash and still think this is a great face wash based on the mix of ingredients.
I am an African American male with oily skin prone to having shaving bumps, clogged pores and scarring.  I use this and the MenScience scrub right before shaving.  Along with the Menscience shaving cream, my skin has really improved. I haved reduced the shaving bumps by 95%, unclogged my pores and the scarring has been eliminated.  I also would suggest using the Menscience face lotion.  The best products on the market!
We had super fast delivery and got just what we asked for!  My hubby loves this face wash and it's the only thing that really works well for his skin type!
i have used a lot of other products on my face and they all make my skin dry and leave skin flakes which to me is a sign that theyre not cleaning the dead skin off my face. i really like the clean feeling i get, i have oily skin and it does a good job of cleaning without overdrying.
Top-of-the-LineBest wash ever for semi-oily skin!  I've been using other products and they are awful compared to how clean my skin feels and how long it removes the oil for!
First of all, I'm not a dermatologist, I'm just a heterosexual guy with sensitive skin who has tried many products and done a lot of research in the search of the right products.  I offer reviews of Clinique, zirh, menscience, art of shaving and baxter of California, hope my reviews are helpful.the face wash is very gentle, it avoids sodium laureth/lauryl, menthol and other irritating ingredients. Instead, it uses salcylic acids, which gently cleanse skin
I love menscience daily face wash, I have real oily skin. I also like that is has no perfume smell, It cleared up some acne i had. The down side is that it is expensive than most products i have tryed, It works as advertised. Amazon is the cheapest place i have found it,For men that work outside like i do. It clears your pores and gets rid of the salt that you sweat out,I noticed that the first time i used it. Great product, just wish it was less expensive.
Great product, it is consistent with the other hygiene products that they make. I would recommend this product to anyone.
I like the MenScience face wash because it gets my face super clean without drying it out.
I use this toner religiously. I've got very bad acne problems: Blotchy, red patches, and so oily, i can open my own Chinese restaurant. However, the MenScience group of products helped keep my skin in check. I tried Zirh, Biotherm and various other brands before, but none kept my skin in control as MenScience. Highly recommended!
Good for cleaning your face without drying your skin out. I've used it a couple of times a day and it's great for washing away grime and sweat.
The product works great for me. It's cleared my acne and helped lighten the tone of my skin. Nevertheless, it still cost alot.
Feels good! This product is really good and feels good on  the skin. It is smooth and after a shave, gives a refreshing feeling. Applied right amount, easy to wash off the soap on warm water. Definitely will try again..I was provided this product in exchange of a fair and honest review.
I have sensitive and oily skin. This product has made my face less oily and cleared alot of imperfections on my face. I also realised that while using, my sensitive skin did not break out at all. All these improvements came with the addition of this cleanser without changing other skincare products I'm using at the same time. Many others have recommended me to this product and I'm now recommending it to others!
I've been using this product for nearly two years. The face wash perfectly matches my skin. Shipment is also very good.
It works pretty much the same as Gilette's counterpart, but this one has glycolic acid which is the reason I spend this kind of money; it's worth it.I sue this along with their shave cream and ingrown hair has disappeared after a week.Definitively recommended if you want to spend money.
I really can't praise this enough. It's a bit more expensive than most people would like to spend on face care but it really is the best you can buy. I have oily/acne prone skin and this has helped me alot.
This is one of my favorite facial scrubs so far.  Scrubs are one of those things I use once, maybe twice a week so as a result I they tend to stick around in the shower for a long time.  This is definitely one of those bottles that I'm always glad to have around.  Instantly freshens up my skin and doesn't feel too abrasive like some scrubs I've used.  Very good product - if need a scrub (and you do, in my opinion) this should make the list.
this is the only product that I feel like has enough amount of beads/scrubbing material, I use this every time before I shave! When I use this product, I actually do feel like I'm scrubbing my face.
This is the best scrub I have used.I use this right before shaving.  I use it every other day and a small amount goes a long way!  Excellent product!
This face scrub leaves your skin unbelivable soft and smooth. It is by far much beter than any other brand I have used. My girlfriend has noticed the difference too. It is about time someone came with quality cosmetics for men like MenScience
This product is great. I have had problem skin for years and if I use this product every day my skin is clearer and healthier looking than ever.
I've been using this face scrub for the past two years and I really can't live without.  I have used a lot of different face washes and topical creams (both OTC and prescription) over the years, and nothing prevents me from breaking out more than this product.  The price is a bit steep, but the bottle will last you about 5 months if used once daily (depending on how big your face is).
This product is great, it leaves your skin feeling smooth and refreshed.  I recommend using every 3 to 4 days.
awesome product!!!! will not buy any other face scrub besides this one......kinda pricy but well worth every dollar.....highly recommended!!!cleared my skin of blemishes after first week of using daily...
It only takes a minute, yep, just 60 seconds to totally cleanse and revitalize your complexion.  The Mr. swears by it, and tends to hyperventilate if it looks like his supply is getting low.He uses it first thing in the a.m. in preparation for shaving.  With three different types of microbuffing particles and Glycolic Acid dead skin cells are banished and his face is softer, smoother.Then, a shave with his favorite cream and he gets that "Lookout world, here  I come" look about him.  (Tough for some of us to take first thing in the morning.)Recommended for all skin types.
This product was recommend to prepair problematic skin for a smooth shave. I'm very satisfied with the results and would certainly recommend it to others who have problem skin.
I bought this product awhile ago and have to say it really is a great scrub. In comparison to the sharps scrub, I would say this product is more of a scrub then sharps in that it is far more gritty when used and scrubs more effectively. But as an everyday product this might just be a bit to aggressive.If your considering one of the two products you might try both and find that they are almost different products.The sharps being somewhere between a face wash and a Scrub. While the MenScience is an aggressive scrub.
I also use the AHAVA men's face scrub (which I still love) but this grit is coarser and it really feels like it gets the job done. AHAVA is very fine - so I switch between the two ..I can't really tell if this product has a scent, but it seems pretty neutral.It's pricey but all in all I think its worth it and i would definitely buy again .**Update** 3/2/14 -it really has helped with ingrown hairs, more so than any other facial scrub I've tried in the past. If you are in the market for a masculine facial scrub (barely any scent, and feels like its working) give it a try, I don't think you'll be disappointed.
It's rare that I write a review, saving them for products that really stand out, either bad or good. In this case, the MenScience face scrub is amazing. I followed the directions, rubbing it in for a minute or two. Then I use a moisturizer afterwards. My skin looks and feels great.. very clean and healthy looking. I've only used it a few times now, but this scrub really works. I would recommend to anyone.
Love how my face feels after using this product. Easier to use while in shower because I feel I don't get it all off in the sink without wetting up the entire bathroom.
Menscience Androceuticals was kind enough to provide a bottle of the face scrub for review along withMenScience Face Buff Brush.The scrub is normally sold as part of theMenScience Men's Skin Care Kit: Cleanser, Moisturizer, Exfoliator, & Facial Cleansing Brush.  Talking specifically about the scrub, it does an excellent job in removing dead skin cells.  It also does not dry the skin out, despite being a scrub.  You can use the scrub by itself with your fingers, working it in using a circular motion.  However you'll get a better experience if you use the brush to apply the scrub.  The combination will also make it easier to shave.  By the time you're finished, your skin will shine and fine line wrinkles will be harder to see.  It'll look like you have concealer on, and that's a good thing.As this is my first time using the scrub, I can't speak on any changed formula.  Obviously formula changes are done with reason, and it's possible that the changes are for the better (for example, an identified skin reaction). I experienced no skin reactions or anything negative after repeated usage, both in the morning and evening.I will note that the "scrub" sensation, as with all scrubs, is done with polyethylene granules, which unfortunately have been in the news recently for harming fish.  If that bothers you, consider a different product or use something other than a scrub.
Menscience best product, it has microelements that truly clean my skin. It leaves me with a sense of freshness and it softens my skin before shaving.  Great product.
I have tried many of the other facial scrubs. They were either too thin or thick or provided next to nothing in the form of scrubbing performance. This while expensive is the best one. Leaves your skin feeling great and not over dried out.
I sometimes suffer from flaky skin, but since using the Face Scrub, my skin has felt smooth and refreshed. Most exfoliating scrubs are too harsh for my face, and leave my skin red and blotchy, and feeling very painful. The Microfine Face Scrub is so gentle, I can use it several times a week to really help get rid of dead skin and dirt, and it doesn't bother my face at all.
I am 45 years old and have been using this product for more than two years.  I am often asked by others what kind of skin care products I use on my face because I'm often mistaken for being in my early 30's.  Genetics play a role - but spending the time to take care of your skin makes an even greater difference.  The Microfine Scrub is my foundation for healthy skin and I use it three times a week.  On the other days, I use the MenScience Daily Face Wash.  I swear by this skin care regimen and I am very skeptical of products that over promise and under perform...especially when they are not inexpensive.  MenScience Face Scrub and Daily Facial Wash are two of those rare products that are worth the price and deliver what is promised with consistent use!  Fantastic!
great product...very fine texture. I have sensitive skin and this product doesn't irritate my skin.
Unlike some reviewers, the fact that this is not too scrubby, I like it. It has enough scrubness factor, that I can scrub and let it there for a min, and warm wash it. It goes off easily and skin feels refreshing afterwards. Just use little bit (quarter size recommendation) and scrub while taking the bath. No irritation after a shave, and no issues observed.I was provided this product in exchange of a fair and honest review.
I'm in the business so when I find a good product I find it's best to give proper credit when it's due.  This is a great way to buff out dead skin cells and exfoliate - something most people, especially men, overlook.  A great addition to any skin care routine, this product is a great start in the AM while showering.
I have tried several face scrubs and this one is my clear favorite. This product contains the most microfine particles compared to others I have tried. I actually use it every morning before shaving and I get the closest shave ever. My complexion is much more even since using this scrub and the age spots (and fine wrinkles!) have disappeared. I also like the smell which is not overpowering. Two other scrubs I tried have all natural ingredients, but do not contain as many particles and one smells like mint which takes some getting used to or the other has a smell that is so overpowering I have to hold my breath to use it. This scrub is more pricey than those, but a classic case of you will get what you pay for.
That is the best feature, plus it won't clog your pores.  Once you apply it, you can't tell if it's on or notm so you can use is right before going out.
The best mens moisturizer, or even women for that matter, my sisters now use. Goes on light, hydrates, plumps skin, and stays matte. Give it a few days and you'll see what happens to your skin texture, awesome.
Not being a face cream expert, my husband says it feels good and absorbs well.  He is a repeat buyer.
My husband has been using this lotion for a while now and really likes it.  Lightweight but also nourishing, and a little goes a long way!
Love the MenScience Advanced Face Lotion.... I started buying it on Amazon because Nordstom was always out when I went to buy it. This saves me wasting my time hunting for it and delivery as always is super fast!!!
Doesnt leave the face feeling greasy.  Cant even tell its on my face.
I have sensitive skin and this lotion has been the best! I also have combination skin and this lotion leaves no oily residue and allows skin to breathe. Order it if you have dry sensitive skin and need some lasting moisture.
This product works great. It's a fantastic moisturizer. It only takes a small amount. I try to visualize a dollop the size of a medium sweet pea. I like to make sure my hands are already hydrated before using as I would prefer the product get applied to and absorbed by my face rather than my hands. The product comes out of the tube as a whitish based gel, but does not color your skin. So guys, it will not smear or make you look like you're wearing "makeup."I live in a hot climate, and I have not felt greasy with this product. It lasts all day! Some face lotions have perfumes - this one is definately for a man, no perfumes. Some lotions, even when not applied near my eyes will bother my eyes - not this one.Will I buy again? Absolutely! It is a value when compared to other premium mens face care products.
This product works wonders over the winter months.  I didn't realize how it prevents dry skin until after I stopped using it for a few days during the winter.  From my experience, this product doesn't leave an oily film on your face or make you shine for hours under the lights.  Unlike other products, I don't feel like a teenager going thru acne again.The price for the quality is worth it and the amount you need to apply makes the cost per application comparable to other products.
Nice product and Nice customer service.I've used this product for years, and I've never disappointed for the quality.Hope there are more promotions.
This face lotion is great, energizing, and I have used it for years (and try many others but always come back to this brand)
This stuff works great and absorbs into the skin so fast you will think you didn't put on enough. I also like that it has no discernible scent. Finally, someone figured out how to do a man's moisturizer right.
Nice face lotion without the wired smell and greasy feeling.  Nice add to the daily routine, I would recommend it.
It's not greasy, and seems to help keep my skin clear and soft. You only need to use a small dab.
This is a product that Men's Health mentioned and I'm hooked.  I used to use acne lotion by itself, but I saw that my skin was becoming overly oily and still had breakouts.  This lotion is very light and keeps my skin from overdrying (hence the reaction to excessive oil production).  It won't clog pores and keeps breakouts very minimal.
I've used many other facial lotions before but none compare to this one. Such a high quality product.
I agree some of the reviews look a little fishy, maybe employees.I am buying my second bottle at the moment.  I have tried the spot acne, the face wash, and the moisturizer so far and have liked all three.They are very pricey, but seem to be top of the line quality.The question is are their products so much better to justify the price?  I don't know the answer, I guess it depends on the person.  Men's Health magazine reviews MenScience products highly everytime, if that counts for anything.
Great for moisturizing dry and rough skin. I live in a humid area, so it's important for me not to have to put a heavy lotion or cream on my skin. This lotion leaves my face feeling good, and not greasy or slimy at all.
A superior moisturizer to those you would find in the local drug store. Not oily, goes on light and doesn't cause breakouts on my sensitive skin. Would highly recommend to anyone searching for a new moisturizer, it is worth the cost. The tube lasts quite a while for 3.4oz, a little goes a long way.
Absorbs well, feels smooth and not sticky, moisturizes extremely well. That's all I'm asking from a lotion and this one simply does it.
I get chapped lips pretty much every summer when I head to the beach for some reason, and I usually just use one of those 99-cent tubes they have at the drugstore. They tasted gross and made my lips feel greasy, but they did the job. A friend recommended I try this product, and I have to say, it's the best lip protector I've found yet. It costs a bit more than those cheap chapsticks at the store, but it makes my lips feel better immediately, and best of all, doesn't feel greasy AT ALL. Now I use it all the time, even when I'm not at the beach.
This product is great. Really cleans and leaves my skin feeling hydrated and smooth, no dryness at all. I love to use it after a day at the beach or at the pool, removes all the chlorine and saltwater while at the same time leaving my skin in great shape
This stuff really is good for clearing up body blemishes etc. Mine ran out and I made the mistake of buying another similar product by a different company at a local store. That was a mistake! I won't be making that mistake again. Buy this!
I bought this for my son and he is very pleased with it.  better than other body washes he has tried
This is a clear body wash. Unlike regular soap, it doesn't foam or lather up much. To me it has a tea tree smell, which is kind of sharp but not flowery. It does appear to clean well and doesn't leave residue. I like it that it doesn't have any added fragrances or dyes. Overall, a nice clear skin cleanser that isn't soap. I received this as a sample for review, I think I'll be using this in rotation with my other body cleansers so that my skin won't get used to one type of cleaner only.
I've been using the Daily Body Wash for a few weeks now, and I have to say that it's one of the best shower products I've ever used. It doesn't make my skin feel dry like soap usually does, and it's got a really nice scent. I enjoy botanical products too, but sometimes their scent becomes a little overpowering. Daily Body Wash has a very clean, subtle smell which doesn't make me feel like I just rolled down the perfume aisle.
I have scalp acne that can flare up really bad if I use the wrong shampoo. Most other shampoos only make it worse.  Daily use of Menscience clears up even the worst acne in about a week of daily use. Expensive bottle, but it lasts a long time. I only buy about one every 3 months.
I've only been using this for a little over a week but so far I like the product very much. My hair is clean without seeming to be dried out, also I do have scale acne and this seems to be reducing it.  I use it on a daily basis and it doesn't seem to take much product to get a nice lather up, I'm guessing it should last for quite a while.  Worth a try for sure.
Excellent results in controlling dandruff and scalp acne.I've been using this product about three months.I use this product once or twice a day and have had excellent improvement in the condition of my scalp.
I have tried many different shampoos, and this one beats them all. I love to use it after swimming or after a day at the beach when my hair really needs deep cleansing of chlorine or salt. Cleanses gently without drying my scalp and hair , comes off very easily, and best of all: no funny fragances or colors. Highly recommended!
I've only been using this for about a week or so but so far so good! It is effective at cleaning and yet is gentle on the hair.
I must say I'm pretty impressed with this shampoo.  I know it's a little pricey but unlike other shampoos you need very little to lather up.  Hair feels ultra clean and seems to stay clean longer without drying out.  Seems not to irritate the scalp either.  Try it I think you'll like it!
Been using this for years now and while I'm still not particularly pretty, this shampoo help such as it can.I like the thorough cleaning it does and the minimal scent presence.  Just wish it was a little more affordable.
Great daily shampoo. Has helped ameliorate my scalp acne. Is expensive but worth it for me. I'm starting to lose my hair so there's nothing worse than my head looking like crap. I plan on buying it again.
Update: After a few months of trying this out this is my go to shampoo now. It cleans very well but doesn't dry out my hair. I like it that it doesn't have any scent. Works well even on greasy hair.A clear fragrance free shampoo. I think it does a good job of cleaning the hair without making it too dry. Some shampoos don't clean enough so I have to wash twice to clean my hair and then the hair becomes too dry. This one, I'm able to wash it only once and my hair doesn't feel greasy anymore but it's not bone dry either. I like it that it doesn't have any fragrance. And after a full day, my hair still feels pretty clean. Overall, a very decent shampoo. Note: I received a sample from the manufacturer for review purposes.
Has kept my folliculitis away ever since I started using it.
The shampoo has worked great for my occasional scalp acne and it doesn't dry out my hair.  I use another natural shampoo from the Philippines made by the nuns of Good Shepherd Convent to keep me dandruff free and the MenScience Daily Shampoo works just as well for that too.
I use this shampoo everyday and it really leaves your hair feeling clean. Some doctors say you shouldn't wash your hair everyday because it makes it feel dry and gross, but this stuff keeps it soft and never leaves it feeling bad. I'd recommend it for any type of hair.
very pricey for a relatively small bottle of shampoo but well worth it in my opinion. After using it your scalp and hair feel very clean.
highly recommend for any one with scalp acne. order for the fianc&eacute; who suffers from scalp acne. Been using this for a little over a month and have seen great improvement. My fianc&eacute; went from having scalp acne to not having scalp acne. Great product!
Since I started using this shampoo my hair feels so much better. I don't think it's supposed to have any scent but every time I use it I smell peanut butter.
If you are looking to change your regimen, change creams or gels, switch from electric, or avoid skin issues, this is the stuff that will help.  After switching from my panasonic electric razor and dramatically changing my shaving method, this product has performed incredibly well.  I shave about every other day.  With one large drop on each side of my face, allowing it to sit for about 1 minute while i brush my teeth, this shave lotion allows my fusion razor to glide perfectly, with no catching, no sticking, and easy rinse off.  I follow it with the menscience post-shave spray which i need to calm ingrown hairs.  The shave lotion by itself has made me very happy and I recommend it to friends.  All in all, I couldn't be more pleased.  Although not every menscience product performs as promised, this formula does.
I have sensitive skin and a thick beard which is a tricky combo. I rarely, if ever, get nicks using this and it leaves my skin feeling clean and smooth. After experimenting with tons of shaving creams and gels, this is by far my favorite!
I always had problems with my delicate skin when shaving and had tried everything in the market until I discovered MenScience. This product REALLY works, my face feels great after shaving. Use it in combination with the Post Shave Repair and the results are optimal. The price might seem initially high, but the amount in in the container is very generous and you do not need as much quantity as with the regular stuff.
Yes it is a smooth shave.  Yes it is probably one of the best shaving gels out there, but there is one thing I like about this above most other products I have tried:  It is a clear gel and I can actually see what I am shaving.  Since I have a bit of a beard and I only want to trim it up I like to be able to see what I am shaving.  This helps a lot.  Other than that it is a good product but a bit over priced.If you are looking for something that is gentle on the skin and much cheaper try this:[...]
After years of many trials and an equal number of errors the man at our house says he's found the perfect shave cream.He's not at all the forgetful type so he never went out with bits of tissue stuck to his face after nicking himself, but there were days when his skin definitely appeared red and irritated.  No more.  He attributes the Glycerin and Aloe base that lubricates as it allows him to get a closer, cleaner and nick-free shave.Whatever the case, he's one happy fella, and he does look great!
This product works well with Micro Fine Face Scrub in prepairing damaged skin for a smooth shave. I have seen excellent results and would highly recommend it to others.
I think of myself as a hardy person from the North Country.  I won't have imagined myself using a skin care product.  My wife bought me this as a gift and she converted me to it.  I use to buy expensive cologne as a means of getting my wife's attention.  Instead, she advised keeping my face healthy and not chapped by the harsh winters.  This has been a better way of getting her attention and keeping it long-term.  She really likes how it feels and the way I look.The reason I continue to use this product is the use of natural products and no cologne.  It doesn't feel like you're using skin-care products or let others know you are using it.
First of all, I'm not a dermatologist, I'm just a heterosexual guy with sensitive skin who has tried many products and done a lot of research in the search of the right products.  I offer reviews of Clinique, zirh, menscience, art of shaving and baxter of California, hope my reviews are helpful.this shave cream is great, although it takes too much cream to get a good shave.  besides that, it's a great purchase
You're hearing from someone who's had a great problem with ingrown hairs ever since my college days. This product is phenomenal. I've tried to many things and so many different products before and this one by far superceeds anything i've ever put on my face. I feel so much better and much more confident with clearer skin. This product helps your face feel smooth and it definitely is great with an electric razor. Thank you MenScience.
I try lots of different shaving creams, gels and oils. Some of the gels are too thick to use with my triple edge razor because the combination of cut whiskers and gel clogs the space between the blades resulting in an entire process to clean the blade so I can continue shaving. That's why I don't buy gels and generally use a single edge safety razor most of the time.Cheap foams like Barbasol just don't let me achieve a close shave and don't give me any skin protection, lubrication or moisturization.I was sent a sample of this MenScience Advanced Shave Formula and like it very much. It's fragrance free and that appeals to me. I don't wear cologne or after shave very often, but when I do, I don't want fragrance competition from whatever I shaved with.This applies like a thin lotion. You can tell right away as you put it on your face that it is spreading thinly on the skin. As you rub it in you can sense that it is slippery and will likely produce a close shaving experience. It does. I don't find it clogging my triple edge razor nearly as much as a thicker gel and it does not lather at all so you can see what your shaving.One of my favorite shaving creams is  Proraso, but I have to admit that the Menscience is a great shaving experience. It leaves my skin feeling smooth and moisturized. It does not give me that bracing feeling that the menthol/eucalyptus in Proraso gives me, but it has other benefits that Proraso doesn't have.So  this is expensive if you are just looking at the price and ouncse but you must also consider that a little bit goes a long way and I expect a tube of this will last me months and months. So in the end, it's not really that expensive and the superior shave it gives actually makes it a better value than the cheap sutff in my opinion. I'd definitely buy it again.I was provided a sample for review.
This is a terrific product. The Advanced Shave Formula goes on smooth and I have to say I haven't suffered from razor burn or ingrown hairs once since using it. I also thought that it was pretty cool because it wasn't a foam or gel, it's like a clear lotion which allows you to actually see where you're shaving. a definite plus. I highly recommend it to anyone---male or female.
Foamless, and effective. I used with a 5 blade system and was able to wash off the lather with hot water. Had no cuts and was very smooth. I liked the tube and ease of getting the lather in the morning. No complaints regarding the mixture itself. Works just as mentioned in the description. Go for it! Also this is Made in the USA.I was provided this product in exchange of a fair and honest review.
I feel like I've tried every product available to reduce in-grown hairs and found nothing that worked. My daily routine involved tweezers and some pain. I had moderate success with Tend Skin until I suddenly developed an allergic reaction to the alcohol.This shaving cream is simply an unbelievable product. I never thought that a shaving cream would be able to clear up in-grown hairs, but it does.A jar lasts me three months and the $25 price tag is worth the extra expense of having such a pleasurable shave. The clear formula allow you to avoid blemishes and the blade slides over my skin like I just put on shaving oil.FYI-this is available at Barney's Co-op in NYC.
I had real problems with ingrown hairs and razor burn. (Only thing that kind of worked was TendSkin, but it contains acetic acid, and, not surprisingly, smells like vinegar. Gross.)The Menscience stuff is terrific. Light, very pleasant smell (tea tree oils and witch hazel). No perfumes or alcohol.Also, doesn't say on the bottle...but works pretty well on acne and small cuts. Salicylic acid is good for cleaning up cell debris, shrinking pores, killing bacteria, and renewing skin cells. Magic!I use it every day. If I didn't have this, I'd probably just grow a beard.
This product is amazing.  I used to always get in-grown hairs, razor burn, clogged pores, etc.  I tried all types of after-shaves: gels, lotions, liquids - and nothing made a difference.  Once I started using this, my face has been completely clear and feels great.  It's well worth the $28 and will last around 4 months or so.
I always had problems with my delicate skin when shaving and had tried everything in the market until I discovered MenScience. This product REALLY works, my face feels great after shaving. Use it in combination with the Advanced Shave Kit and the results are optimal.
This product hands down has been the only product that effectively eliminates razor irritation for my sensitive skin. I have tried other so called mens formula face products and this has become a staple in my morning routine. Most believe that the down side is the price but honestly a little bottle lasts me for about 2 months. So, 28 bucks for 2 months I think is well worth it. I cannot stress enough how sensitive my skin is and this product has been perfect!
I used to get in-grown hairs all the time.  Once I started using this product, the problem went away and my face looks and feels great.It's worth spending the extra money on this product.
Excellent worked wonders on my razor bumps.  I have tried numerous post shaving items and nothing worked like menscience post shave repair
This is a very fine after shave product. It works well with the MenScience pre-shave products. It leaves the face in a calm and soothing condition.I wolud certainly recommend it to others.
A very good product at the right price
First of all, I'm not a dermatologist, I'm just a heterosexual guy with sensitive skin who has tried many products and done a lot of research in the search of the right products.  I offer reviews of Clinique, zirh, menscience, art of shaving and baxter of California, hope my reviews are helpful.Menscience aftershave is one of the few aftershaves that don't contain menthol. That's good because menthol can cause a lot of irritation and breakouts.  Menthol is used because it feels fresh on the skin, but it can be bad for it.  The only problem w/this aftershave is that you have to spray it on, which can make the process a bit messy.  Still, it's a great product
I love this product, Men's Health got it right.  I use about five sprays right after my morning shaves.  As I'm on Active Duty, my skin gets pretty torn up after 5 days of meticulous close shaving.  This spray reduces the irritation considerably, especially on the neck.  Breakouts also seem a lot less common.
A great product to use after shaving. Doesn't dry your skin out like other products that contain alcohol. I really appreciated the fact that you spray the product on, since rubbing in aftershave or moisturizer immediately after shaving makes my skin irritated. Just spray it on and that's it. Works really well with the Advanced Shave Formula too.
I bought this product because most varieties of shaving really jacked up my skin with razor burn and such. Why this is happens to be a completely different issue. Anyway, I bought this product, and then promptly didn't really shave for the next 3 months. Oops. When I did shave however, this stuff worked wonders. I shaved off three months of growth with no razor burn or adverse effects at all. All you do is spray it on after and you're golden. I can't recommend this product highly enough.Seriously. Plus no alcohol or oils for those who are skin conscious.
It is the best product out  for a fraction of the cost of the womens versions from major brands.
UPDATE:  Apparently the product I was using actually IS paraben free and the ingredients online were outdated.  So I am pushing my previous three star disappointed review to a five star love it review.  Aside from the paraben issue, you can read below that I really did experience results from this product and really like it.PREVIOUS REVIEW:Kojic acid, retinol, one for fading in a healthy way and the other to generate cellular turnover to fade the spots.  It also has other good things I look for in my face creams.  I used this for a while and was enjoying the results.  I have been using a few different products from menscience and have been very happy.But then I saw them: Parabens.  Parabens are a cheap way of preserving products.  This isn't a cheap product so I was really disappointed when I found the two types of parabens in the ingredients, including Methyl paraben. So, I had to stop using this product.  I haven't found any form of paraben in the other Menscience products I have used. So I blindly trusted this one was paraben free as well.  Very disappointed because I loved this product while I was using it.I gave it three stars anyway because for me it was working.  And, I guess if you don't care about the cancer risk, the product seems to deliver what it promises.
No wonder this is a bestseller! The results are highly visible and real fast. I noticed a change in my skin's pigmentation just a few days after using it. Highly effective, I recommend it to anyone looking for a good quality product and tired of just fancy labels and marketing
I have pretty severe sun or age spots on my cheek bones courtesy of my mother who is highly freckled in the same area, my grandma and exposure to the sun.I had used Olay Pro-X before from which I had good initial results but they didn't last and took too long so I stopped using it. I actually got this MenScience cream last year but was too distracted to try it until a couple of people mentioned that my sun/age spots were getting worse.Remembering my experience with Pro-X I didn't expect much but the results are amazing. I've used it for about 2 weeks now. All the spots are on my cheekbones on both sides of varying sizes and lineages. There's also a scar from a pimple that I popped recently. Some of the more recent and lighter spots have almost disappeared completely. I have to look very carefully in order to see them. The darker spots have faded to the color of the lighter spots when I started.I wish I had taken before photos but I didn't think they would fade that fast. In fact, the fading happened on day one and the changes were greatest in the beginning. The changes are less now day to day because there's less to fade. I also regret waiting until almost Summer to use this because if I go out, I have to wash this off and apply sunscreen and when I come home to wash that off and reapply this.Comments: This is a product that works for me. I think it works best for lighter more recent age/sun spots. It even worked on the pimple scar I got when I popped it. I use this once or twice a day, usually in the mornings and the second time either in the afternoon or evenings.I am very happy with this product. I will try to keep this updated to see what the results are like later on but they've already done a lot in the first 2 weeks.
I bought this product three weeks ago and I have seen great improvements on my skin already.  I have never really used skin products but I have been living in Florida for over 20 years I have a lot of spots due to sun damage.  A friend of mine told me about this product that his wife bought for him.  So, I decided to give it a try and it has really shown great results! The spots on my skin are diminishing and my face looks better. I have decided to try some of the other Menscience products. My wife also started using the product, so you may have to buy two.
To be totally honest, I'm not entirely sure what these ingredients are all about, but I do know one thing: this stuff really works! After using this for a couple of weeks, I started noticing a visible change in the small dark spots on my face. It wasn't dramatic, but I kept using the Repair Formula, and about a month later, I could definitely see a difference! People have commented on the way I look, and I recommend it to all of them. It just makes your skin look healthier.
This product actually works as described, it helped significantly improve the appearance of a scar created by a chemical burn within 2 weeks. The scar is still visible but has lightened a number of shades and feels smoother. I highly recommend this product
Love the Stila brand & this color is fantastic!  Doesn't dry out your lips & the shine factor is great :)
Love all the glosses I've gotten from Stila.  Perfect texture and shine.  Kitten is a perfect basic nude gloss with a little extra sparkle.
This has staying power! Not the revlon 8 hr type, just nice, thickens to your likeness and just a bit goes a long way. I love the sheer intensity of the color, and Amazon has it for a great price. It also doesn't have that weird artificial flavor or smell that some glosses have which is always nice.
Love this lip gloss! I have a hard time finding a neutral lip color that doesn't look too pale or too pink. This is perfect for my skin tone. (I'm Asian). It's thicker so you don't have to use too much product and gives a nice gloss. The pigment is nice and stays put for a decent amount of time. It doesn't smell or taste like banana (which is fine by me). I always believe &#34;less is more&#34; and I think applied sparingly this tube should last for awhile :)
I love this stuff...  The color is subtle.  Goes on nice...  Great consistency.  This was a good buy for me.
Stila creates great products....I keep looking for this lip glaze and the specific color...and I usually order multiple. I hope they continue Sugar Plum
Stays on and protects even in the wind and cold. Color makes teeth appear whiter too love this! Long lasting
The texture and the sheerness of this color of Stila Lip Glaze appeals to me.  It is not long lasting like a lipstick and needs to be applied more often, but since I am using it to moisturize and only lightly color my lips, it is ideal for my purposes.  It gives just a hint of color that is much more pleasing to me than other brands of lip moisturizers I have used.
I found out about stila cause my grandmothers friend used it.I was shocked when I saw the price but this seller had a cheaper one on sale. I bought grapefruit. It's not the color for me cause its just like my natural lip color maybe lighter. There was another I wanted but before I could buy it it went out of stock. I think it would've been a better color for me.Initially it took 10-15+ clicks to get it started. It takes about 5 clicks to get anything out for me now. I'll admit I expected it to have more in it but you don't need to use very much. It's a lil gooey if you get to much.I would recommend this to anyone who wants a quality lip gloss.I'll be posting pictures so be sure to check them out! :)
I love Stila Lip Glaze; it's been my product of choice for several years now. It's thick enough to make a difference when you have it on, but I love that Vanilla adds a nude shimmer to my lips without the fake-looking pink or red tint that I've seen with some lip glosses. To each her own.
This is one of my beauty must haves. I am allergic to Chapstick and Vaseline and I can actually use this all day and everyday! No matter how chapped my lips are this makes them so smooth! Plus it tastes really good! This is my favorite out of the Stila line. (I own like 10 colors) It isn't sticky or gooey and is so moisturizing! This came new in the box and arrived in 2 days! Once you try this you will be hooked like I am! Plus I am usually allergic to ALOT of products and I am so happy I can use this!!
Stila Lip Glaze is perfect for a shiny yet moisturizing lip glaze.  I just wish it wasn't so expensive.  The taste isn't all that great and I'm not sure why there are some complaints about the way the tube works.  You just turn the bottom of the tube, wait about ten seconds for the glaze to start coming up, and then brush on your lips.  I keep looking for a cheaper alternative but I haven't found one yet...
Vanilla and Brown SugarA grown-up version of your favorite teenage gloss.it's sticky so that may turn off some people, but I love it.pumped up, glossy, sexy lips, with a yummy flavor.the wand is like a click pen and the gloss is applied with a brush for control.I admit I am a bit addicted!What's not to love???
I've used Stila for years and love this glaze &#34;flavor&#34; the best! It matches absolutely everything when worn on its own, but also makes a great highlight when layered over top your favorite lipstick color.
I love these Stila glosses - they're moist, clear and the colors are perfect, and there's no annoying flavor to them.
Best lip gloss ever!  I have been collecting and trying many lip glosses over the years, and this is, by far, the best ever!
I have tried a lot of different face moisturizers and aftershave balms. This is by far my favorite. My barber recommended this product to me, given that I have sensitive skin. I'm prone to razor burn, so anything with alcohol kills my face. This soothes, and moisturizes at the same time. It is also weightless, if feels like you haven't put anything on your face (unlike so many other products, which leave your face oily). The scent is fresh, with a hint of lime, but it fades pretty quickly so that it doesn't interfere with your cologne. Highly recommend this product!
I've been using this stuff for 5 years now and there really is nothing better.  It's creamy, but not greasy.  The smell is amazing and it leaves your skin feeling fresh and smooth.  When I start to run low, I go into a panic mode.  It's that good!
Provides long lasting moisture. When you first put it on, you'll notice a cool sensation that fades in a few seconds. I find it very refreshing.
The best after shave I've ever tried.  I will stick to this for a while.  Im always pleased with BOC products.
This is honestly the best after sahve I have ever used - tried a lot of brands and I have super sensitive skin and this is the only after shave that prevents irritation so I can shave everyday.
This is one of the best after shave products I have ever used. The balm is cooling and smells great.
Really like this after shave balm - great all around texture, consistency and smell. Absorbs quickly and doesn't leave a greasy feeling. Clean, crisp somewhat &#34;citrusy&#34; scent. Face feels great after use.
Been using this for the past two months and it is great.It does cool right when you out it on and then dries fairly quickly.I will be ordering again.
I really like it, this is one of the best after shave balm on the market. I would advise it to everyone with sensitive skin.
Love it. smooth and tingly,slightly cool and menthol feeling. Lasts a while, and moisturizes and refreshes face after a good DE shave. Highly recommended.
oooo!! It's good for my faces!!I smear the face after shaving - it is VERY - VERY GOOD!! It moisturizes my face!! It is VERY good! Buy this product!
This after shave balm feels and smells great. I use it everyday after shaving. I would highly recommend it to anyone.
Great, clean, fresh feeling. It has a light smell that goes away pretty quick. Makes my face feel very refreshed and cool after shaving. I would recommend it to everyone and will be getting more.
Best aftershave I have ever used. Its smells pretty good but its really about how it makes your skin feel. It actually stopped my razer rash dead in its tracks. This stuff is the only way to go.
This stuff does wonders for razor burn, it's virtually nonexistent for me after I started using this, the scent pairs well with the Baxter shave lotion.
My boyfriend has sensitive, dry skin and says this is the best after shave he has ever used. Helps with irritation, rehydrates, doesn't burn your face off, and smells like lime instead of like something a college kid would wear to a kegger. Will repurchase.
This is a must have product for my shaving ritual.  It applies perfect and smells terrific...keeps my face noticeably hydrated and lessens razor burn.Worth every penny.
Baxter after shave balm is well worth the money. Very effective in revitalizing your mug after a great shave. Highly recommend this product, however get it in the plastic bottle not tube like toothpaste.
Wonderful balm, terrific manly scent.All balms will sting if you nick or cut yourself.It leaves your skin very subtle and smooth.
I usually use Biotherm products, but they tend to be little expensive. I came to look for a cheaper alternative on Amazon, without sacrificing the quality that my skin is used to.I must say that I am very satisfied with Baxter Aftershave balm and I will certainly try some of their other products.The balm is quickly absorbed by the skin leaving it feeling silky smooth and it does not burn the razor cuts, because it's alcohol free.I would recommend it to anyone! Worth every penny!
great product! arrived on time...very prestine...highly recommended...price is not too expensive for a legitamite aftershave...
Excellent product. My skin is very sensitive and hence I used this product based on the reviews. Looks a bit expensive but this one lasts a long time. Tried Nivea sensitive skin but was not happy with it. Ordered again and may not shift from this product.
I love this aftershave. I have very sensitive, acne prone skin that will get very oily if I use the wrong aftershave. I am also prone to ingrown hairs. This aftershave balm helps sooth all my skin issues. Highly recommend to anyone looking for a good, non-greasy, non-drying aftershave balm.
I bought this from my barber who initially used it on the back of my neck after he trimmed and shaped with a straight razor.  He put a little dab on, wiped it in, and took a small towel and fanned back and forth.  It gave an awesome, cool minty kind of feeling.  Now, I bought this for my face to used as an after shave lotion.  It really soothes the face and has no alcohol, so it doesn't dry out.  It's not a cream, but more of an opaque gel.  All u need is about the size of a chick pea for the whole face and neck.  There is no greasy residue at all.  It's nice to finally be incredibly happy with a product.  I lasts a long time, perhaps a year, so spend the money, you won't be disappointed!
I have been using a product from King of Shaves that comes very close to the way Dermassage used to feel before they quit making it.  Alas, I am now unable to locate the KoS product without having to send to England for it so I tried Baxter.  It's still not Dermassage but it feels cool and refreshing without stinging or burning.  For this price they could give you a little better container but it's what's inside that counts.
This was advertised as the best after shave ever.  i haven't sampled them all, but it is certainly the best I have ever used.  And the tube lasts forever.
This stuff feels like a million bucks and smells fresh and clean.  I will definitely be continuing to use this product.
Very soothing and cooling.  No alcohol burn.  Never greasy or sticky.  It has the cooling, bracing refreshing qualities of an aftershave splash, along with the soothing, moisturizing, burn-fighting abilities of a balm.  But NO ALCOHOL---so it doesn't burn, even when I hack up my face a little.  Great stuff.By combining lemon and menthol, Baxter has captured the essence of California in this product:  Cools like a Pacific breeze; refreshes like a citrus grove.  I've tried a lot of aftershaves...this one is hands down my favorite.
Great stuff.  I've tried quite a number of balms and aftershave splashes.  This is a really nice balm.  A thick, translucent liquid that has a light lemon & menthol fragrance that fades quickly.  It cools and soothes w/o any alcohol burn.  It is NOT sticky or greasy---lightly moisturizes and tones shaved skin very nicely.I've never had this balm sting my skin at all...even after a rough shave.  To me it seems a very good burn-fighter.I agree that a small amount goes a long way.  I almost always use too much...a pea-sized dollop is too much and goes to waste.  Half that amount is very adequate for an after shaving pat-down.Baxter's has the positive attributes of both aftershave balm (soothing, moisturizing) and of an aftershave splash (cooling, clean, non-sticky/greasy).  Highly recommended.
tried the baxter line for my husband and son. both like what it does for their skin.  the baxter hair shampoo for men is excellent, cleans the hair and make the hair look health.  (per my big men)
My boyfriend loves this and i love how it has changed his face. His skin looks amazing. No more Nivea!
this is the only after shave balm you need.  it smells great, feels great.  worth every penny.  every shave product they have is top notch, including the shave cream.
A little goes a long way, so this tube should last forever.  The scent is mild, and doesn't fight with my husband's cologne.  I even steal a little bit of this occasionally, as its very soothing.
I have zero problems shaving now.. I use Zirh Shave Cream, then this.. my skin = as if I've not shaven. Light years ahead of where I used to be, with Gilette's after shave products. Great product this is. That being said, after I run out, I will try Zirh's Soothe so I can compare the two. This product works, however, and is the best after-shave I have ever used. It's got a hint of lime scent, but really fades quickly.. that means it won't interfere with cologne, etc.
This is a great after-shave balm - not too fragrant and the texture/consistency is nice.  I have heard others warn that it burns too much, but I for one enjoy the sensation.
The aftershave doesn't burn if you nick  yourself because it's nonalcoholic but it doesn't give up the refreshing feel. Very nice!
The alcohol-free aspect first attracted me. The soothing quality far exceeded my expectations. The lotion dries quite rapidly. All in all, an excellent product.
This aftershave is very soothing and has a very mild fragrance which exactly what I like.  I strongly recommend it.
One of the better AS balms I've used. It really locks in the moisture to you skin. Just know that this is almost definitely meant as a summer AS. If you're skin is even a little too dry, it will burn something fierce. I had to wash it off my face the first time I used it, because it was that bad (and my skin was that dry at the time). I switch back to an AS wax I have on particularly dry days, but for the most part, this is my new everyday AS - and it should last a good long time. You don't need much.
Great product. Moisturizes, and relieves razor burn. Has a pleasant odor. Best face balm I've found. Will definitely be buying more of this.
Baxter of California has always delivered and this product might be one of the best.The Balm leaves your face feeling moist, cool and refreshing.Most importantly it helps close up your pores, which is the original and true purpose of an aftershave.
I love this balm.It's much better then the other ones that I've tried.1) It's white(or colorless)balm...as simple as that.It's not a cheap cream or colored gel that you see in Walgreen in your neighborhood.2)Smells very good and even after I washed my face several times,I could still feel the freshness.3)Doesn't have alcohol which is the #1 reason I bought it.This balm leaves my face smooth and hydrated,just like advertised in description.4)The shipping took about 5 days.The packaging was done professionally - secured from all sides in order to prevent squeezing/smashing.
Being from the northeast, I tend to use balms in the dry winters and lotions in the humid summers.  This is one of my favorites, along with Trumper's Skin Food, Nancy Boy and Musgo Real.  It feels menthol-cool when applied, then leaves your skin soft and moisturized.  I like the scent, too.
I like the cooling soothing affect that this products has after I shave. Nice lemon scent too... Yes i will repurchase.
Baxter of California After Shave BalmTo all who have very sensitive skin and hate shaving every day this is the ultimate product for you. The after shave balm takes care of all skin irritation and very soothing as you apply after you shave. I can't recommend this super product enough and it has stepped up where all other lotions have failed. Please do yourself a favor and try it out and see if you won't continue to purchase Baxter moving forward as you know you will have the shave each and every day.
Excellent balm!! Helps eliminate razor burn,great clean citrus smell, and I always use too much because it feels so darn good.
I went and got a haircut and straight razor shave at Baxter Findley in LA and loved the experience.  They use their products and after a serious shave (not having shaved for a week and not being used to straight razor), their products left my skin refreshed.  I received a couple of samples and tried it at home and was equally pleased. The product does not contain alcohol and does not sting...you feel a tiny bit of coolness and refreshed.  At this price...it's cheaper than in their only store.
This is the best after shave I have used ever... it heals my skins, doesnt give me acne , or oily skin later.
This is the best after shave product I've ever tried. Once applied to the face it prevents the usual irritation and redness that follows shaving so I definitely would recommend this product. A bit pricey but worth it imo.
Great after shave balm, it acts a bit anti-septic and soothing.  Leaves my face feeling cool and moist and smells nice.
The aftershave brings a cooling sensation after the shave. It doesn't have any alcohol and leaves you feeling fresh. try it and you'll love it. i've used art of shaving and other good products in the past and this one takes the cake.
I originally tried Baxter of California After Shave Balm as part of a starter kit that contained a Baxter of California shaving brush, shaving cream, and this balm.  The balm has a pleasant citrus scent to it, but it fades quickly and will not interfere with the scent of any other aftershave or cologne you might want to use afterward.  I really like how my face feels after using it.  I usually rub some alum on my face after shaving and rinse it off right before I apply the balm.  Just a small dab of the balm is needed, and I find one tube has lasted several months with daily usage with about 1/3 of the tube still remaining.  My face always feels really good afterwards, and I have experienced less shaving irritation with the balm.  After using it for a few weeks I have found my complexion has improved, too.Baxter of California After Shave Balm is expensive, but if you want a product that will make your face feel and look good after shaving it is worth its added cost.
I purchased this after using up all the sample product that I was given to use. I don't use all Baxter products but enjoy the after shave for it's cool/smooth application and scent. It goes on light & fresh & sooths irritated skin.
I have been experimenting with after shave products for a few years and think I have discovered a favorite. The Baxter after shave balm right out of the tube has a very nice scent and immediately upon application I can feel the product on my skin. it is sort of a heated, tingling sensation for about 30 seconds, then subsides. The scent (lemony) remains for a while and the skin is very soothed.Very pleasant.  This is a keeper. Be careful when squeezing the tube as all you need is a little dab - it is easy to squeeze out too much.Vito
I assumed there would be hundreds of gushing reviews for this product, it is reviewed highly at any of the shaving sites that I've searched.Baxter of California has a full line of fantastic products, but this is the one I always keep on the shelves.  I have used other brands in the past, with my old favorite being Nivea Men After Shave Balm, but Baxter blows that away.The products I've received have always been in a tube think large toothpaste (or proraso if you're into wetshaving) and a small dab will cover my entire face, neck, and skull.  I shave my entire head, so it's important to keep that skull in perfect condition!If you're CURIOUS about this product but not ready to spend the money on one product, especially with only a single review on Amazon, check out their website, they offer a free sample pack for only the price of shipping (I think it's $6 or something).If you don't love this product, I don't know what you've done wrong...horribly horribly wrong...
This is a very fine after shave lotion.Very light and nice scent.  Doesn't come into play with my cologne, which is nice, and it feels alot more expensive than it is. I qualify the last statement by saying it doesn't sting like a 6 dollar gel might, and It's one notch above "the body shop's" after shave gel.I use prorarso shaving cream and aftershave balm too.  I think this aftershave balm might be less oily than the proraso stuff.It's also very refreshing and good for all seasons.  It's a standard in my shaving kit.I am going to try some other Baxter products as well.  I have heard their shaving cream is great at getting your beard to stick out.
Excellent hand cream. This is a thick but not overbearing cream in that it penetrates the skin nicely and doesn't leave a gritty feeling behind or an oily feeling.  It is just smooth skin and feels great.  As with all Jack Black products they are quite pricey for the amount of contents but as with the SPF 45 Sun Guard, this product is well worth the extra cost because of the non greasy feeling and exactness of the penetration of the lotion.  Highly recommend.  If you are close to a Nordy's you can check the product out with the testers.
This stuff works well, but I don't use it on my hands that often.  It takes a while to dry and it can be greasy, but I use it on my feet and there is a difference.  Probably best to apply before bed and hope you don't rub your eyes in the night.  Good quality though.
good stuff, but for the price, it could be a little larger tube..still cant complain  -  it works real well !!
My hands are dry all the time due to constant travelind and weather changes from California to Arizona. I love this lotion, I even wrote a post on my blog, check it out at www.thecasualboardwalk.com
I have very dry cracked skin on my hands, in spite of using various lotions daily.  This is the first lotion to do what it says--heal the hands.  After one day I have seen a dramatic improvement--the skin feels great and it lasts!  The smell is terrific too, assuming you like a light minty menthol scent.
This product is not greasy, but still works wonders on dry skin in the winter. It is a little pricy for 3 oz, but it is worth it.
I've been battling dry hands in the winter for years, but no more! This stuff really works! I bought a larger pump bottle when this one ran low, and will continue to buy more!
This stuff is great - not greasy at all and keeps my dry hands feeling good for a few hours after I use it.  The big bottle lasts me 6-8 months or so.  Nordstoms carries this as well.
I have been using this as my sole hand lotion for years now. I have migraines and any girly-perfumed lotion is like a harpoon to the brain. Not with this stuff! But best of all, a little goes a long way because there isn't much water content in it, despite that being the first ingredient - it's all a matter of percentages. So many lotions seem to dry out your hands because the water content is so high it evaporates, leaving your hands dryer than when you started. This lotion is kind of thickly creamy without being oily or leaving your hands slippery or 'creepy-uncle' moist. (You know the guy I'm talking about.)I love the fresh eucalyptus fragrance that isn't over-powering. I've had people tell me it reminds them of Australia. Haven't been, but I can imagine because it reminds me of the smell of the breezes through the eucalyptus trees in southern California. My husband likes it and my friends - men and women - bum it off me all the time as well. I don't even want to think what I would do if they stopped making this stuff. 'Black' market? Hmm...
I suffer from fast-growing cuticles which will split and cause me problems. This product has been exceptional in providing penetrating and long-lasting moisture even after several hand washings with soap and warm water. In the winter I use it at night before bed and in the morning after I get ready. My cuticles are doing great! I highly recommend this product!
Great Product.  Not greasy.  Light, but effective
This is the best lotion I have ever used on my hands. It has just the right consistency- not too thick that you feel like you are spreading tar, and not too thin that you feel like you'll need to apply more lotion 30 minutes later or after hand washing. The best feature, however, is that within 30 seconds of application, this lotion takes on a cool, dry, non-greasy/non-oily feel... like a smooth, invisible liquid talc, if that makes any sense. Although the product is described as unscented, there is a slight eucalyptus scent that vanishes within the hour.
Works great. The smell is not over powering or flowery. 16oz is the absolute best way to purchase. Save over 50% versus buying the 3oz.
Even though this supposed to be for men, hands are hands & skin is skin. It's a little greasy, but it doesn't matter because I use it at night with gloves. I get very bad, painful cracks on my hands & fingertips. It has helped my condition & has a subtle, nice smell. If you don't put a lot on, it's  of that greasy. I have gone on the companies web site, & may order other products too. I will order this again. My boyfriend likes it too! It makes his hands soft (which is good for me too)! &#128527;
My daughter bought this for my husband for Christmas.  Our son liked it so much that I bought him some, too.  They both work outside and around tools and say their hands are always dry and cracked.  They use it constantly and say it serves the purpose better than others they've tried.
My wife bought this for me last Christmas.  Like other reviewers, my hands get extremely dry over the winter.  I have  peeling skin on my finger tips that would crack and bleed.  Since I've started using the hand healer, my hands are 1000% better.  The dryness is gone and the cracking/bleeding is healing nicely.  Also, it has a pleasant smell that isn't girly or flowery.  I'll be buying more whenever my giant bottle runs out.
The original tube was given to me by my daughter. After using it only a few times I realized it was a keeper. Now I use it all the time and when I'm low , I usually  by several tubes from Amazon. It's a great gift to consider for your friends who have need for him conditioners. Recently I have tried to Jack Black lip gloss  as well as the facial moisturizer. I like both products very much and they oath  have sunblock -S PF 20.
I have long been a fan of Jack Black products, especially the Hand Healer. There are limited places in my area where I am able to purchase these fantastic products so I had previously purchased directly from JB until I realized I could save a few dollars by ordering from sellers here on Amazon.This product has a slight clean and medicinal smell to it with a hint of menthol. A little goes a long way and it does not leave a slick, sticky, or greasy "coated" feeling on the hands. Ideal for anyone who does a lot of work with their hands! Whether it be pottery, gardening, construction, or mechanics this product will not only soften skin on hands and elbows but also treat any small abrasions or cuts. Nobody likes a dry crusty hand!My personal taste in a hand lotion is one that is not heavily fragrant, so have that "old lady smell" or has a putrid floral scent. One that is not greasy and rubs in well, Hand Healer absorbs very well and does not leave a greasy residue. Being a man, I don't want a tube of hand lotion that looks like something my Mom gave me out of her purse, the packaging is a masculine blue and easy squeeze tube. I would highly recommend this product for women as well, I've introduced it to my Mother and she likes it very well.
My wife, without my knowing, bought me a couple Jack Black products, and as a man I was less than thrilled to see a "beauty product" on my side of the bathroom.  She got me the "beard lube", maybe 2 years ago(?), and I haven't used anything since.  The stuff is incredible, so I took a look at what else they had to offer.  I've tried a few products... and most do a good job, but I just don't see the need for.The hand healer, however, I've gotten addicted to.  It's got a pastey texture, and when applied to dried/worked hands, the effect seems almost magical.  It's the way hand lotion for men should be - and there's nothing i would change about it.  Not everyone may like the fairly strong smell of the hand healer, which to me smells like fresh mint and a bit of menthol... but I absolutely love it.  I don't think the scent lasts all that long, as the product isn't for that purpose.We found out about Jack Black products after sneaking into a suite at Cowboys Stadium during the High School State Championship games a few years ago, and there in the suite bathroom was a couple Jack Black products.  I can say that's the only success I've seen come out of that place so far.Get the small container of hand healer, and then buy the big bottle to refill it... Good stuff!
I like how this product does not leave your hands feeling greasy after rubbing it in. Other products leave your hands feeling sticky. At first I thought the smell would be too strong but after using it I realized it wasn't bad after it was absorbed into the skin.
Great hand cream.  I actually use it on my feet and recommended it to a friend for use on his knees.
I found Jack Black Hand Healer recently and it is great.  It is the only thing I have tried over the last 10 years that prevents my hands from drying and peeling during the winter.  In the past I have used Eucerin, Burt's Bee's and Neutrogena Norwegian Formula and this is far superior to all of them in my opinion.  It absorbs more quickly, is less greasy and has very little aroma.  I have one large bottle at work and one at home.  Not cheap, but worth it. I traveled for a few days and did not take any with me, big mistake, my hands started to dry and peel.  I have found most of the things from Jack Black to be very good, but this is simply the best hand cream I have found.
I heard about this from the manicurist at the salon. She said it will help my very dry hands and she was right! The smell isn't obnoxious either.
Great stuff...love everything about this brand. A must try for anyone who care about the kind of products they use.
It's the best I've tried to date for my dry hands! And I've tried them all! It's non greasy and you can results quickly.
Tried this for the first time in the restroom at a Green Bay Packers game. Loved it so much that I went back in to get the name & look for it on Amazon!
The smell is a bit medicinal, but dissipates quickly enough.  Has truly made a difference in my hands and nails.  I wash my hands MANY times in a day; finally found something that hangs in there longer than anything else.  I also apply it a bit before I go to bed and it works wonders overnight.  Now I even apply it to my feet!!  Worth the $$.
I have tried many different hand creams over the years--and this one really works.  I wash my hands about 40 times a day, as I am an orthodontist and see a lot of patients during a typical day.  During the winter months, the dryness is a real problem.  Jack Black moisturized in just a few minutes and my hands remained moist during the entire evening after a days work.
I got a gift of this hand healer and found it works very well. It's not greasy and really does help repair skin damage from dry weather.
I love working on vehicles on days off and hands can get really dry after using chemicals and so on. This lotion goes along way with just a little used. I highly recommend to anyone with dry hands
Another great product from Jack Black.  My work requires that I wash my hands a lot, which ends up giving me very dry skin.  I've tried countless products from Walgreens but this lotion was the perfect solution and well worth the extra money.  It absorbs extremely well, so there is no greasy feeling, just nice moisturized skin.  I would highly recommend this product to anyone with severely dry skin.
This is probably the single best hand moisturizer I've ever used.Even though I take excellent care of my skin, like most people my hands are a challenge.Unlike hand creams with shea butter, (which is a great ingredient, but never seems to completely absorb), this moisturizer leaves absolutely no residue. It absorbs completely, alleviates dryness, and instantly makes my hands soft. I especially like that it it does not irritate sensitive skin. I highly recommend it to anyone with dry hands.It is a bit pricey, but you only need a little and it lasts until you wash it off.Truly, this is a great hand cream.
This is the best hand cream I have ever tried and have tried many. It has a minty smell but works great not greasy absorbs quickly . Will continue to buy this cream.
It is good for dry hands. It penetrates into the skin and does not leave a slick feeling. It lasts for some time.
Not anymore! I am so thankful to have found this product. It's not greasy at all and works exceptionally well. If I could afford to order it by the keg, I would. It's THAT good.
Heavy duty lotion without being greasy. I love it. And I don't know what the scent is, but it smells good.
In the winter I have problems with my skin drying out and my skin really cracking.  I hate the scent of most hand creams and the &#34;greasy feeling&#34;.As other posters have said this does have a Eucalyptustic smell to it but it is mild and disappears fast and it beats the scent of most other hand creams.  Also absorbs very fast and doesn't have a greasy feel at all.  Lasts all day, I just apply it in the morning and before bedtime and it heals cracks in the skin quickly as well.I am a big fan of Jack Black products.  So hard to find good skin care products made for men, and like their other products, this didn't disappoint.  Well worth the $15 a tube.
Every winter my hands get chapped and can end up bleeding if I don't use a moisturizer. This is my favorite solution to keeping my hands moisturized.
In the line of work that I do, I need to wash my hands often. My hands tend to dry out and crack which can be very painful and unsanitary (sometimes the cracks start to bleed). I have tried other products with mixed results but all of them stung when applied and left my hands feeling greasy. This product does not sting when applied nor does it leave your hands feeling greasy, and it actually healed up my severely dry and cracked hands in just a couple of days (I applied the lotion once or twice a day). I will definitely be buying more of this product once I am out and will probably upgrade to the bigger bottle of it.
this is the best stuff for your hands.  my hands get really dry in the winter.  the nutregena worked ok but this stuff worked great.  it smells like menthol for a couple minutes at first but goes away.  expensive but worth it.
This is a great product for people that have dry chapped hands.  Almost instant relief.  I would recommend this product.
I'm not a lotion kind of guy. I think it's because I can't stand the feeling of having the lotion-y residue on me. This lotion is completely different. It goes on lighter than other lotions and in thirty seconds it feels like it's completely gone. It leaves your skin feeling soft, and it has a nice lemony scent that is not feminine.
Have tried almost everything out there and on both ends of the price spectrum.  Industrial Strength Hand Healer does what it says.  Winter months are especially tough on my hands (cracking, rough dry skin) and this product delivers.  Non greasy, and soaks in quickly.  Smoothed the rough skin and took care of the dry spots.  works well on elbows and feet as well.  Highly recommend this product.
This is the best hand lotion for guys,  been using it for many years just like their lip balm.  Just need a dime sized amount on your hands and you are good to go for several hours of moisture, unless you wash your hands in which case just reapply.  This and the Lip balm are two of Jack Black's best.
I could not believe how fast my dry, chapped hands started to heal when I started using this product.  In a matter of a few days, they were much, much better.  This leaves your hands feeling soft and smooth, and I love the eucalyptus fragrance, too.  I would HIGHLY recommend this product as well as other Jack Black products.
It works much better that any other products I purchased so far including 2 prescribed ones (about 10 hand creams). For any severe dry hand this will do the job.  It is a great stuff!
My husband LOVES this!  He's been using it for years.  He works as a truck driver and his hands are often dry and peeling, this really helps!  He uses it every day!  It absorbs nicely and makes hands feel silky, not greasy.  There's all sorts of good stuff in it like Vitamins A & E, Macadamia Seed Oil, Sunflower Seed Oil, White Tea Extract, Eucalyptus, etc.!  We both love the fresh scent and the way it feels!
I work at a auto body shop and my hands are constantly driy and sometimes bleed.  After a week of using this, my hands are 100% better.  Expensive, but it does the job.
It works well, and it smells manly. Not greasy at all. Silky like shaving cream. Worth the money - especially versus the smaller size.
Jack Black Industrial Strength Hand Healer is now the only thing I will ever use on my hands.  I'm a pretty physically active guy; gym 6 days a week, rock wall once a week, kayak twice a month, random hiking and backpacking.  So my hands as you can imagine WERE pretty atrocious, dry, cracked, cut, etc.  I've tried all the big brands that you can buy at drugstores, walmart, target, etc.  The problem with the ones that actually worked in terms of healing, was that they were too greasy and slimey that I felt like I couldn't touch anything for the next 30 mins.Not so with Jack Black.  It really does work.  My hands have never looked better, dries quick, and doesn't leave you feeling slick.
This is the official lotion used by the Packers at Lambeau Field. I used some while at a game and I can't stop! I have horribly dry skin, my thumbs crack, my fingers split and this "healer" is the ONLY product I have EVER used (and I have tried literally hundreds) that has actually healed anything. It stays on even after a wash or two, but never feels greasy. You will not be disappointed, I promise!
This hand cream is fantastic,it leaves the hands smooth,,soft,,,not greasy,,mosturizes also,,heals dry,,crack hands,,and my hands felt like sand paper,,really rough,,,,the best hand cream I've ever used along with the lip balm,,worth the money,,,,
I'm not one to review a lot of products,  but this lotion is simply amazing.  I used it on my hands and elbows, and the results were fast and dramatic. I can't stress enough how quickly it cleaned up my hands and elbows.
I read about this product in a magazine and decided to try it for myself.  I started using it every night at first and it healed my dry hands right up.  I now only use it two or three times a week and it keeps my hands feeling great.
This winter everyone in our household had very dry & cracked hands & even bleeding fingers. We tried multiple products & while some helped, none were really healing &/or solving the problem. Ordered the small tube first just to try it & WOW: band-aids were off & fingers were healing. Was back on Amazon to order the large 45oz bottle ASAP & we all have been using it every day since. Cracks gone, cuticles healed, hands soft again: this product really works!
Jack Black Hand Healer stays in high stock around our house. I think everyone is addicted to using it on their hands, faces, and feet. This stuff is great, non-oily and long lasting. It is worth every cent, it cures the worst hand ailments with very little lotion. I wish I had more stars.