Wasn't very happy with their service.  Too to long to confirm purchase,  didn't know  ~ read any where that there was extra service charge.!
I downloaded this app, since 1.) It was free, and 2.) I travel often. Unfortunately, I was extremely disappointed and actually regretted downloading the app in the first place. I find the prices to be more expensive, and a waste of money.
Tried to use to look up vacation packages and would not let you do this or choose specific areas.  Not usefull at all.
Almost dloaded checked permissions.  why do you need to see my taskings?  My activities?  Google read permission?  Glad I didn't other users complained not too useful.
I downloaded this about a year ago, so I don't know if there have been any updates to it. It does not work when I try to connect to it, which forces me to uses the web page.
I refuse to fly since they think they can molest any person they choose I will NOT be manhandeled & my property rifled through if not outright STOLEN.Yet no train info REALY??complete MISS on all levels with this cookie cutter appcompare the others & you see only true difference is name & web address
Orbitz might give you a marginal cost advantage.  Unfortunately the idea of customer service is from the Spanish Inquisition.  Multiple calls, messages, letters and pleadings will not do any good to get them to change your travel plans- EVEN IF YOU BOUGHT THEIR OVERPRICED 'TRIP INSURANCE.'  If you can't reserve directly with an airline go to Expedia.
Booked hotel using app. Arrived at hotel, clerk said they had no info. Called Orbitz, Rep said they'd had a glitch, she attempted to book room twice. By this time my credit card blocked Orbitz for placing 3 charges. I called credit card. They removed block. I booked again, charge went through, however Orbitz rep said it didn't process correctly. So now apparently I have to wait 3-5 days to get the money back. Ive been on the phone for almost 4hrs with 5 different Orbitz reps. Adding to the fiasco, I attempted to use different card however at this point it was 9:30pm and it wouldn't allow a reservation to be booked. 4hrs was *not* an exaggeration. There's more as I just hung up with the last Orbitz rep, suffice to say I am now left with the task of explaining this all to the hotel manager and working out the cost...Orbitz did NOTHING!
...and it's free.  This sad attempt at an actual app was obviously released because Orbitz competition had one.  Sorry Orbitz, but their app works almost infinitely better... not that theirs is anything to write home about, it's just that the Orbitz app is so pointless.
As with all travel apps on your phone or ipad, kindle, this one is just as horrible. I would reccomend that everyone just load the full site. No reason to even use this app, it is a waste of time.
I bought this thinking it was a game, but it wasn't its telling you how to fight and its not even boxing its like kicking, elbowing and other stuff like that. This isn't even good at teaching you how to fight this stuff wouldn't help without months of training. Do not buy this
A game well not even a game a dang guide that deserves to be free. If you want to learn of self defense it would be a good idea but still screw it just don't get it.
it sucks. just boring crap.I could block and punch and do better moves. don't get it. it is bad. don't get it. I'm glad it was free.
This program is useable an a waist to time. The Programmer should spend some more time with the thought......user friendly. I erased this one in a hurry ...I suggest you move on to something better
the app crashes everytime I try to enter an execercise.  Very frustrating especially when the app cost money.  DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY.
The idea of the app seems great.  I bought the app because of the review of the other person saying how great it was.  I like to run so i wanted something to log it down.  Every time I open the app, it crashes and forces me out.
I've talked to Amazon about this previously; they display on the web site that the application is compatible with Xoom when it is not.This package in particular interferes with the launch software of the Xoom. After finding it was not working properly, I went to my application section of the Xoom only to find that this package remains HIDDEN and DOES NOT show up in the list. This means I could not delete it. Of all the packages I have downloaded to test with my Xoom, this is the only package which remains hidden.Unfortunately, that brings to mind why they would want to leave it hidden. Maybe its innocent...but normally you have to specify for a package to remain hidden vs. not in programming it. AND nobody has a right to hide anything on YOUR device.In any case, I've contacted Amazon about this apps unloadable difficulties...we shall see what happens.
I was hoping there would be some nice things in there that I could use when the pass around the greeting cards at work for all the different occasions.  There wasn't.  I deleted the app.
Wish i had read the review on this beforeI bought it. After opening the app. it showedme a small handful(5 or 6)of great looking drinksand then told me to buy the rest.
it gives you like 5 drinks from a whole list all the ones you want to look up it say buy full version. lame
This game only lets you play for 3 minutes and then locks up on the score screen. I'd rather pay a dollar or two and get a fun match three game.
The app sticks and continues playing the "piano" sound after "releasing the key".  Continues even after going back to home.  Must restart app to get it to stop.  Also periodically doesn't respond on all keys.  Net-Net: piece of junk.
&quot;You can use up to ten fingers at a time...&quot; In what universe? Creator should be honest with the description. I want my $ back.When you say ten fingers I expect ten finger chords. I would have been happy with 5-6. I guess a dollar can't buy much these days...
I feel this app to be a wonderful creation!! which reflects the creativity of the developer#. Wonderful time passer, very much intuitive to understand &amp; easy going. @ times it pushes us to think a bit. :) *** is my rating.
Downloaded and installed on a Kindle Fire.  Would not recognized or play a wmv file.  Another waste of the customer's time and effort.  Ah, technology.
Just plain bad. Crappy interface, crashed all the time. I went with the MOBO player. It doesn't crash.... as much
I wanted this for my Kindle Fire because it supposedly plays videos in formats other than MP4 (AVI, for example).  It doesn't.  It won't play an AVI, an MPEG, or any other video file AND it locks up when playing MP4 files that the Kindle Fire's native application plays without a hitch.  Would have been nice if it did what it claimed, but it doesn't.  Hard to complain about a free app, but I wish I had the half hour I spent installing, trying out, and uninstalling back.
I feel this app to be a wonderful creation!! which reflects the creativity of the developer#. Wonderful time passer, very much intuitive to understand &amp; easy going. @ times it pushes us to think a bit. :) *** is my rating.
Piece of Junk.  Crashes on the Kindle Fire.  AMAZON needs to keep up and start creating some more utility apps for the Fire that actually work.
Hard to use. Poorly designed in my opinion. Doesn't import well and is just all around difficult. One star hands down.
Doesn't support enough file types.  Tried using it with Skifta to stream my movies from my network share.  When it launches a movie that it does support it automatically mutes the volume.  When you try to turn the volume back on, meridian completely closes.  If you relaunch the movie from Skifta, meridian once again mutes the volume.  UI is not any better than stock, so there's absolutely no reason to download.
install twice trying too get it working. Could not play any of my avi and would not let me organize my pictures.  Just placed them by date.
it wont let me play any of my movies and it super slow and and I don't like it one bit *humph*
will not install  on cruz1301vtablet all  ig is falure to  install please fix  i would like to try it
It took forever to install. Crashed right afterwards. Finally got it to work and it had crap. Uninstalled it. Complete waste.
This app works fine for a day or so, then it will flip the picture and will not allow full screen viewing.  My daughter makes videos for my year old son to watch in the car, and it will work on one trip then on the way home it will only view long ways.  I then have to remove it and  re install it.It is now deleted and I am on the search for a better video viewing app I can make a playlist for.
May be its just kindle and not this software. Cant even volume control,X X X X X X X
Won't play .FLV, or anything else. I dunno, maybe it is an MP3 only player, but the hype & hoopla in app description does not fit its performance.I uninstalled.
Didnt work for me it was just pointless all together. I didnt like it at all. It  was just easier to use the one built in
extremely disappointing.  I had hoped to play all the videos I uploaded to both the cloud and my kf. neither.
Didnt play files. The only one it would play did not have audio, missing general codecs for video. These are avi so if you plan on using files on your PC this may not work well.Rockplayer is free and works much better.
looking over the reviews for this app, its obvious that some of them are faked...staying away would rather find apps by companies that don't try to sabotage the review process.
I feel this app to be a wonderful creation!! which reflects the creativity of the developer#. Wonderful time passer, very much intuitive to understand &amp; easy going. @ times it pushes us to think a bit. :) *** is my rating.
sucks never will i install this game it lagy and the graphic are bad worst game ever. I waited 10 to play a game that was awesome but it never ever loaded unti_ll like 15 minutes. I give it a :(
never buy this app! all u do is tap the stupid penny it flips over and the app ends. I repeat never ever buy this app. I would rate it a zero if I could.
It did not give that great ideas for drinks. I would not download this app for any reason ever again.
requires connectivity to work.  Being online drains my battery too quickly, so I rarely use my Android reader online.  remove this requirement and it will be a great product.
Don't wate the time or space to use this.  what a waste.  Got rid of it.  A piece of waste
DO NOT BUY THIS I CANT EVEN DELETE THE APP DONT DOWNLOAD THIS STUPID APP ITS A WASTE OF STORAGE AND ITS A SCAM
Used it on my Motorola XOOM 3.2, and was able to access my internal SDCard and my External sdcard (External1). I was not able to tolerate the animated ads, though...... so.
Seems so complicated. I havn't had time to figure out how to use it. The verbal tutorial went too fast for me to keep up. I'm not as computer literate as most people though.
Disappeared not long after installation. Haven't bothered to find out why. If an app gives me a problem it ain't worth the time to try to fix it.
Maybe it's me, but I couldn't figure out how to move or DELETE files.I could find 'em....just couldn't delete 'em
I thought it would work for my various files, i.e., checks, receipts, stuff like that - - it's not that kind of file manager so once I found out what it was like it was deleted.  It was just a waste of my time.
I finally took this file off my device.  I found it confusing and hard to use.  I like another file manager.
Seemed very nice for a couple weeks, then it said "Internet Needed".  Happened on the same day that File Manager HD (that I paid for) by the same developer stopped working in the same way.  If it requires an internet connection, even part of the time, it should say so in the Amazon listing. If it had I never would have downloaded. I realize the app has permission to access the network, that's different than a requirement to access the network.
Has tutorials, flash cards, and a quiz mode.What I wanted was a utility to use while doing college homework. For that, this app is useless. All information is buried in one of the three modes.Is this even an high school AP level reference? What is this for? Teaching young children early? People interested in, but totally new to chemistry?The depth of information is so shallow it would fail most quizes given at all levels it covers. So, after reading this app thoroughly you will still have to re-learn every topic. You will learn more by looking up any wiki article on chemistry and spend some time clicking on all the links that interest you, then googling all the words you don't understand.This review was not worth what I paid for the app to write, but it was worth it to WARN you!
I was disappointed. These are YouTube videos; its not even the same person teaching. and what happens if a video is taken down? It doesnt appear the app is affiliated with the instructors therefore a deleted video would mean a link in the app that went no where. If the price was less, app would be more worth it. As it is, I could have searched Yoga on my youtube app and made a playlist. I'd return this if I could.
I can only give this game one star now, because the buttons that are suppose to be in the upper left corner (for letting you use a health potion and saving) aren&apos;t there.  I&apos;m playing this on a Samsung Galaxy Tab 10.1, so I don&apos;t think this would be a problem of the screen being to small.  It seems to be a problem with the buttons being up a little to high.  I say this because the quest log that is in the upper right corner is  cut off.  I can only see the bottom of the book, but it is enough to let me tap on it and open it up.  On the upper left corner I can see a line where I think the buttons are supposed to be, but it&apos;s not enough to let me tap on it and open it up.It is a litte difficult to converse with the town people.  You have to double tap them just right without walking past them.  Shops need to be identified.  Some sort of sign or tag over the shopkeepers head.However, I think the game shows GREAT POTIENTIAL!  I really do mean that.  It&apos;s a great example of what can be possible in the 3d fantasy format for Android.  I hope this and other devolpers keep working with this format.
it works poorly on.my kindel fire also. it does need all the right time, location,but it don't have all locations.on there either. so, don't get this app. no point.of it.
I looked at the map one day this (2012) December, and Lo & Behold!, this app said it was full daylight far north of Barrow, AK.  Just ain't so.  I dumped it.
Pros:1. It doesn't crash my Kindle FireCons:1. The UI is not so good: can't figure out how to set location, view daylight details, etc.2. Zooming doesn't work as it should3. Earth image is pixelated...like 8-bit bad.
Good concept. Nice graphics. Can't rate the music because I never listened to it. Zero for only showing the instructions once and not having a way to get back to them. I did not find the game intuitive either, so it has to go. Sorry.
On the third level, all the new cubes were the same ones making it impossible to complete the level. As is, the game is unplayable.
It just keep freezing on me and wont select the cubes when i try.....terrible game I cant get it to just play the game
I tried this as a possible variation of the regular mah-jongg. The problem was it didn't work and locked up my tablet on the introduction page. I would have to turn off my tablet to get control again. After the second try, I blew it out. If I could give a no star, I'd do it.
This was listed add the free app of the day but when you go to download it, it won't download without credit card. sounds like a scam to me.
The cubes can no longer be selected after a few minutes play. I can rotate the group of cubes, but no selections, even from the border tiles. Please fix and I will upgrade my ratings.
On my kindle fire graphics were good-music bad. I couldn't get passed the first level. I always end up with just one cube. I love playing manning but I guess this one is just too different for me. I tried several times but ended up deleting it. Glad I got it for free!
bad gameplay, bad graphics, bad storyline, bad idea, bad news, bad app,  bad seed,  bad boy, bad company, bad bad bad.
The instructions are poorly written (I think English is not their first language). The game itself is broken. The very first puzzle on easy couldn't be solved. There weren't enough matching pieces. This isn't a Mahjong game in any way. The controls are sloppy which makes it difficult to rotate the puzzle. The music is annoying. I tried to play again but the game semi-froze so that I couldn't select any of the pieces. Uninstalled. HTC Thunderbolt stock rooted.
I played 3 times on it and now it wont let me play at all. Not worth any amount of money.
would not play on LG optimus. only got sound. no picture.  husband loves it and has a Razor Maxx. will truth to reinstall when I get a new phone.
This is a stupid game...not worth your time, even if you have chance to get it for free don't bother, waste of space
not sure what to do game loads. but won't. let me click on start.  I can click on every thing else but start game.
it looked like fun but you need a newer tablet to run it.Don get it if you have small ram.
After a few levels it just kept giving me the same block with the orange flower over and over....when all I had left was 1 block with a green flower. Drained my points with no other option than to quit game. Uninstalling.....
I decided to try this since it was free. I'm glad I did since this game is unresponsive on my phone. I also don't like that it's not like Mahjong at all.
After about two minutes of gameplay the game froze and would no longer allow me to select cubes.  I could still rotate the cubes and the game continued to present new  ones on the sides, but it wouldn't let me select any of them.  This might be a good game if it actually worked.
it is a bording game.and all you do is kill zombies and the gets birding when you play it for s wiyell.
not worth the try. thought it was going to be at least decent but couldnt even get it past install like everyone else.6 lg optimus user!
cant install. everytime i download it and go to install, my phone resets. looks like a decent game but ill never know. lg ally verizon
Froze my phone up, app not showing anywhere on phone, phone is screwy now,, need to  uninstall but can't find, rating a 0
let me say this i love android however when it comes to apps iphone it king, when you download an app you know that app will work now with android its maybe it will work, i have an droid 1 with android 2.2 and an droid 2, it wont even play on my droid 2 but will work with droid 1 any one else find that funny, likes others have said slows my phone down.
I can't say that I am disappointed that this game isn't working with my device, because I have the second game, and it's far better graphic wise. My sister was able to get this one on her phone, and the graphics were shotty, And the user interface left much to be desired.Zombie shooters are always fun, but this one takes away from it.If you want a good zombie shooter, get the Stupid Zombies 2 app instead.
doesn&apos;t work work on aria. however I played this game on my gfs infuse and it works just fine. pretty fun.
Looked like my kind of game. I ignored the reviews and downloaded it. Sure enough, before game play commenced, it crashed.
I about pooped my pants this game is so boring.cool it is fun I was jk bout before. An addicting game really. I really recommend it.
App reboots phone rather than installing, like many others have said.  Can't get it off of my apps list now either.  Annoying... (Optimus V)
I have the DROID x and no matter what I do it will force close. seems to work ok on other android phones though.
free games with ads are fine, but paid for apps with ads are double dipping. one star, bad form! if you update with no ads, 5 stars!
i have stupid zombies 2 on my tablet and i downloaded this to go with it and it wont work keeps kicking me out wierd huh?????
uninstalling due to dating ads with almost nude women. too much for my almost teenage boy to see. PS loved the game.
tried a few times. every time, it goes to the android boot screen, then to the MyTouch 3G loading screen, then back to the android boot screen, and finally the home screen.
This app didn't install on my optimus V. First time I tried it froze the phone. On the second attempt it seemed to meddle with my system files. For those reasons I'm only giving it 1 star.
laaaaaaaaameo...wouldn't install on my droid 2. might need to include a list of incompatible phones. just need more words for review
Downloaded to EVO 3D. It keeps freezing and I have to forceclose. It would play if it was stable so I'll wait for an update before I open the app again. Easy controls and plenty of levels. I can see myself spending plenty of time with this someday just not today. Now it's just frustrating.
I download this game for my son and he says that it is just what it is called STUPID. He finds it very dumb.
Yeah, this app's got a bug for the lg optimus that causes a soft reset. Hourly they'll update it soon.
its so stupid you can never shoot the zombies hard and stupid don't install it a waist of your time at least it is free
I don't like this game at all. It is worthless and definitely stupid also weird. I don't get the point of it. All you do is kill stupid zombies. It is so dumb and not fun!!!!!!:(
Tried to install on myTouch 3G, but it causes my phone to restart. So sad! Really wanted to play this since my friends say they enjoy it. So disappointed.
the only upside is that it has a lot of levels. but the levels are really boring and they all seem the same. there's nothing unique about them. if you had to pay for this app I'd be pissed. I uninstalled it a while ago.
It just reboots my phone every time I try to install. Seems like a lot of people are having the same problem.Optimus V.
this is an awful game it want install on my kindle fire!!!!!!! :( but I saw it on my brothers kendle they were right about stupid In the game.
really ppl there is alredy a game related to this called angry birds it just different cause there is zombies so what!!!! what eves waste your time and at least they where good at naming the game cuz it truly is stupid I just don want you ppl to waste time on downloading it cuz I feel bad
why does it need access to modify USB storage? A game like this shouldn't have to access storage. Won't install, even for free.
On my kindle fire my older sister wanted to see my kindle then later i looked.over and.her.jaw.was.dropped.and she said &quot; This is horrible their heads come off, blood,and augh! &quot; the i deleted it and i began to hate it so much!
Force reboot on install I just wanted to state that the game will not install add me to the list of people for whom this app reboots their phone
this game is horrible the title already has the rating its only stupid people should play this game instead I would recommend angry birds better stuff better game
Crashes after one shot every time I play it. I used to love this game but I cannot play it  anymore. Also the update will not download, crashes every time.
this game sucks more than any game ever played I really wanted to kill my self when I played it :(
This game is a very obvious rip off of angry birds and the actual use of using an actual gun to shoot the zombies in a world overrun with gun violence made it that much worser.
won't install on anything less that armv7 my LG Optimus V is SOL. The market should recognize and not list it available to those with lesser processors
add me to the list of people for whom this app reboots their phone...mytouch 3g slide.  what a huge pain!  wonder if it from trying to acquire the phones identity?
always crashes each time i try to install. five tries. even manually installed apk file and it still crashes each time on install
it will load to the main screen and then just stops working. I don't know if anyone else had this problem or not but this app was a waste of my time
I think this game is pointless, I hate it with a burning fiery passion&gt;:( But I have to gave it credit for working good.
I got this to load one time.  was great fun!  then no more loading.  Soooooo disapointing to both me and my 5 year old.
They like the rest are only out to make a Buck. You can never make enough cash to resupply, repair, upgrade,.
I just started to download it and it just goes so friggin slow! I am an impatient person so slow ain't gonna work. If you are impatient like me, don't download! @
This game is aweful, the angry birds rip off is everywhere. From menus to level selection, the unoriginality is offensive to the user's experience.The controls are clumsy, why would you use the dragging towards a direction where your finger is covering. The annoying control really shines when every coin you produce by eating a fish appear consistently in the opposite direction you moved to eat that fish. It is annoying.Thanks for making it available for download today, but Im sorry to say its a poor game. Uninstalling.
looks like a great game but it wont let me install it. if there is an update id be happy to change my rating. i have the droid x
Not a fan if the dating site ads with the half naked women on a game geared towards everyone. They need to work on that to get a better review from me.
we we we we we we we we dgc dfvdf ddgn t rfffb d. Gb xdc Rsfsr.  Bc vfxex. vhbf csv rvbc hcyc vhf gvc vyc. g. ff thfvchbhh. thc hyuvhgnbjvfh. b. vdvh bghgfb
well amazon ....  bye. this app has been nothing but clutter.  Why bother anyways, the appstore is buggy in itself with adding a methed of payment when the apps are &quot;free&quot;.
They hit the nail on the head when they named this game. I deleted within the first minute. It's utterly boring and pointless!
this is crape it is horobile I cant live with it there is blood it is fisguting I hats it
was just that, stupid and repetitious. I deleted the game shortly after downloading it. I would not download it again.
Game wouldn't download, tried twice. Got cut off from Amazon so they didn't help. Never did get game.  I have the newest & best operating system for a tablet that you can get right now, so perhaps that's why it wouldn't download???  Not sure.  But from what I hear, others like this game.  That is why I was trying to download it to play.
I tried to download this game over and over again and it shuts my phone off im running 2.2 lg
Love the app so do my kids. The only reason for a one star and not a five is because I could only get it on one of my kids nabi 2 and not the other one and its very frustrating!!!
the game stunk because on my kindle fire the second it loaded it crashed and made some excuse.  it said it couldn't load.  never get it
its an angry birds rip off its not fun and is a pointless game I had no fun on it. don't bother installing.
cool game but kind of weird bit it is fun because you can soot bulb zombies. I real life there is no such thing as zombies.
it won't run on Android Icecream Sandwich tablet. that's 15 minutes of my life I won't get back. don't bother with this game!aaurgh!
I got this app for my Kindle Fire but it didn't work. It said it was unavailable and it would just stop. I know its not my Kindle because its brand new. Not a good app...don't recommend it.
Game won't load, force closes on the Kindle Fire. Uninstalled, didn't even get past the first screen before it crashed.
Uninstalling, since I can't even get it to run.  Based on the other reviews I'm not going to give this a shot on my Galaxy Tab.  It just doesn't look entertaining on the screenshots and description provided, either.
This is not even a good knockoff of plants v zombies. Gross game. Got this when I wanted plants v zombies. I have deleted it.
I tried downloading a lot of times and it never worked. So I never got to even play it. Not sure why it wouldnt go onto my phone.
I got it to install  but it does not open.  The game quits at the splash screen. HTC EVO 3D
got this from amazon apps which was cool cause its not on android app market...tried installin 4 times n it keeps resettin my phone...wtf...it just wont install...not sure y cause its a REAL GOOD game-got it on my ipod touch...kinda bummed...any1 got any ideas on this...
In a world where we have Angry Birds, Cut the Rope, and Plants versus Zombies, I really dont see a need for Stupid Zombies.  The competition has better graphics and sound, and is generally more fun/interesting to play.  Even lesser sequels like Angry Birds Rio are more fun than Stupid Zombies.
app won&apos;t install and kind of reboots phone (i have to take out battery to totally reboot it). wish i could leave no stars!
Takes too long to load, is a slug just trying to retry a level. Played 5-6 levels before boredom set in.
able to download the app, but phone crash when installing on LG Optimus T. running android 2.2  Unable to install and run.
Every time I try to install on my lg vortex the phone restarts.  How irritating.  Would be nice if it worked for all android phones.
does not work with kindle fire just keeps resetting the kindle had to delete it fast before it tried to reopen it after resetting
Doesn't work since the last update!  grrrr  on my Samsung Galaxy Tab  P-100.  Hope they fix problem! I loved the game till update!
This game does not let you play at all. It will load but it drops out when you try to play it!
Did I miss the part of the game description where the stipple zombie les call the people that call me?  Wish amazon told me permissions up front.  My download list is getting cluttered with junk that needs more than necessary permissions.
the app crashed my phone while i was installing it.  this was on a mytouch 3g slide.  dont bother with it if you have one.
Stupid App won't install. Restarts my phone instead. I would love to be able to give it a proper rating.
do not down load this ..it downloads tex messages instead of the game....i hope it didn't give me a virus ..it's a scam..
crap resets my kindle fire very sad i don't know why should have just read the reviews about the game
I got this because I am addicted to Stupid Zombies 2 (which I've beaten already). This took the longest, out of any app I've purchased,to download and when I went to open it it didn't work. Keep giving error messages or just completely shutting down once the main screen actually did pop up. tried uninstalling it and installing it again...same thing happened. Tried to download it on another device,same thing happened. Waste of time and space
the app keeps freezing all the time; while booting, while loading a level, in the middle of a game, at the end of a level, etc.
This ap won't work on the LG Optimus.  When you try to open it, the screen goes black and stays black until you take the battery out and replace it.  I was very sad, I was really looking forward to getting to play this
App was able to install on my htc hero but force closes when ever I try to open it.  Turns out to be a total waste of space.
oh my gosh what the************############$$$&iexcl;!&iexcl;!!!!!!!'&quot;::/(**&amp;&quot;$$##@- shirt game is boring this is whit I do not now what the hell was this
I'd love to try this.  I've heard good things,but everytime I try to install it just restarts my phone.  LG Vortex
This app deserves a negative review for all of the time I wasted trying to get it to load.  I've tried several times to download it and the phone reboots each time.  What a waste of time.  Stupid Zombies indeed.  Stupid me.  Amazon--keep your free effing apps.  No thanks.
doesnt work on samsung galaxy prevail, eventhough amazon says itd compatiple, restarts phone on install.am very disappointed that i cant use this app since i heard it was quite fun.
Same problem everyone else has: everytime i try to install, it resets my phone. Glad it was a free app.
Poor game play and really boring.  Spend your time somewhere else and be happy.  At least it was free.  If I paid for it, I would have cried.
slowed my phone to a crawl. DROID X. gibgerbread.  otherwise its a very fun and addictive game. hopefully they fix it because I want to play more.
I think this is just another ripoff they are trying to get us to buy it.It is just stupid and gross.I'm. warning you....don't get it!!!!
I have tried several times to download this game on my MyTouch 4g. Every time it tells me that it can't download to my device.
This game looks like a lot of fun, but keeps crashing on install. looks like I am not the only one. Please fix it! I would love to play it! :)
Once I downloaded the game, I soon found out it was really boring because it was so easy to get past each level, and it wasn't any fun at all. You just shoot a flipping zombie or two on each level, but that's pretty much all to the game.
Won't install on Optimus V. Restarts phone every time. Even downloaded the apk elsewhere and still crashes. Dev needs to fix this.
Stupid zombies USED to be fun; but it soon became BORING! Its very hard once you get farther in the game. No problems or glitches.
This app doesnt work on my Kindle Fire...nothing buy black screen w/ sound effects. Big disappointment & very annoying to load & unload.
And why is it that you need my phone number and id for a zombie shooting game exactly?  Looked like it might be a fun game, but when an app is asking for permission to data there is no need for then my answer is not no but hell No.
This game might be fun but it crashes all the time on my phone. I got tired of trying to work through the crashes and just uninstalled it.
does not make sends and stupid DO NOT GET THIS GAME IF YOU DO YOU ARE WASTING YOUR TIME! STUPID STUPID STUPID!!!!!!!#
i do not support anything that is in any way violent and unproductive. not at all good for kids, better positive games would be ideal
It is just not my cup of tea.  Sometimes it works that way.  I guess the younger people would like it.
Won't install on my LG Optimus V. Phone restarts even start removing battery. Looks like it might be a cool game.
Crashes my LG Optimus every time I try to install the game. Won't install, can't play, waste of my time, what else can I say.Despite Amazon saying it is OK for my phone, here is an excerpt from the developers site:ARMv6 based devices (most of which have a screen size of 240x320) are NOT supported. Here is a partial list of such devices:* Garminfone A50* HTC Aria / HTC Liberty* HTC Wildfire* Huawei Ascend* LG Ally* LG Apex* LG Optimus* LG Vortex* Motorola Citrus* Kyocera Zio* Samsung Galaxy Ace* Samsung Intercept* Samsung Moment* Samsung Prevail* Samsung Replenish* Samsung Transform
This game rarely works, requiring multiple starts to even have a chance to play the game. Not even worth it for free. Evo 3D\n
I received a notice this morning for the latest update. Since I really love this game, I clicked update to download it. Just before it started to install, another screen appeared saying that before the update could be completed, the currency version would need to be uninstalled , click ok to accept. I accepted, and waited. When it finished, I opened the app to play the new stage 3 levels and immediately realized that the update had completely erased ALL of my progress. I am very unhappy.
What a dumb game, my son put it on my Kindle...I couldn't wait to delete it once and for all..
I hate this game. It is a hard and stupid game. They should renamed it to This is a stupid game! Don't play this.
Crashes on install on Samsung Intercept w/2.2 Froyo. Just like 90% of all Amazon Appstore games/apps, it wont even run. I love Amazon, but the appstore is basically useless. Most of the games are overpriced, and the apps are kinda dumb.
I had downloaded it then accidentally removed it, so I tried to download it back on my kindle, but it wouldn't let me!!! :(
how many people is it going to take before the developers realize that they need to fix this problem that clearly is a wide spread epidemic. I've played this before on a friend's phone and thought i would try it for myself but as we all know that won't happen ever if we can't this fixed!!!!!
Never loaded correctly or it didn't work. I may download it again when I have the time or internet connection
This game won't install on my Samsung Galaxy Prevail which sucks because it looks really fun. I'm just glad it doesn't restart my phone like so many other people say it does.
I am disappointed, this is dangerous for people who have not turned off their auto pay function. It will not even run without a current credit card input. I never played it, because it will not even open without credit card turned on. Very unethical. I uninstalled.
Second verse same as the first.My phone starts installing after download and reboots. Never fully installs. After trying over the course of a few weeks I give up.Mytouch 3g
This game is the worst ever. I tried to delete it and it didnt let me delete. I HATE IT
Reboots  my phone like others are encountering,  it seems to act like the phone is not supported,  LG optimus s.
As others have stated this app crashes your phone on install. how many negative reviews does it have to get before its removed off of the market. dont waste your time and space to download this app.
This game makes me want to UP CHUCK! Do not get it. NASTY NASTY NASTY! The zombies aren't stupid the game is. Don't get me started on the UGLY guy everyone has to play as. One star is an understatement.
I hate to give a bad review since it looks its for the app. It's not.  This one star is for Amazon. I have an optimus,  which this game is not compatible with.  There needs to be a way to only show compatible software like in the android market. This game doesn't show up in the market on my phone by the way. When I saw it here i thought maybe there had been an update and installed before looking at the reviews figuring it would either work or not install.  Well, it installed and like many other people it made my phone shut down. Just get it from the market.  If it doesn't show up there you are out of luck.
I mean come on its so lame its stupid I mean seriously. sure u get to kill zombies but not so fun
can't play because the **%* ads interfere with play ...please have a paid apps to get rid of that crap!!???
This app is possibly a fake, but definitely a virus. If I could give it no stars, I would. Downloads fine. Whilst installing? My phone crashed, sat on the LG screen, and made no further progress. It just heats up, and I have to freeze my battery to turn the phone on at all, now. When the phone is on, up volume means down, down volume button means volume up. Either one I press, it opens up voice commands. When I press the voice commands button, the ringer volume goes down and vibrates uncontrollably for 3 minutes straight. Virgin Mobile Optimus V. By the way, this is my new phone. Thanks for ruining it, developers. Don't get this app, if you value your device.
won't install! says I don't have enough storage on my device which I know I do because I don't have much on my kindle!!!! don't waste your time or your money on a garbage app!!!! very disappointed!!!!!! only giving one star because I have no other choice!!!!!!!
Although this application installs on my Koby tablet, when launched it immediately crashes. Had to uninstall right away which is a shame because after all who does not like to play with stupid zombies.
Only crashes. Looks like they ripped off graphics from popcap as well. These developers should rot in hell for a eternity.
Resets my phone during installation. Ive tried 5 times and its tha same thing. It starts to install, stops 20 secs later, then resets to tha android screen. Lg Optimus M.
I regretted getting this after trying to play it several times. I didn't even get it to play. Oh well.
Nothing installed. There is no game that I can find. It Locked down my internet for a minute or two after download
Stupid Zombies won't install on my Samsung Acclaim. just restarts my phone. And this app doesn't show up in my market search. Bummer.
I paid the $.99 for this app. I expect no ads when I spend money for an app. Well, after about a day of use, the ads start up and just keep coming and coming. Don't waste your good money on this app. Don't pay for ads!
As with many users, it reboots my LG-P509 when I try to install it.  It seems to do this with most LG Androids.  A patch would be nice as I saw it on a friend's phone and it looks like a great casual time-waster along the lines of Angry Birds.
It just isn't a game I enjoyed.  It isn't anything against the game, I just didn't think it was fun.
Won't install on LG Optimus. Reboots every time I try to install it. Too bad. I heard it's a good game.
never even seen this game because it crashes every single time i try to start it up. whole phone turns off and everything! terrible!
ive tried 5 times to  get this to install as it looks like a fun game, it gets part way through the install then restarts my phone. Samsung transform
I thought it was a game that would be fun for my grandkids! You cannot play this game without spending &#34;real&#34; money for  every game just so you can finish playing the game and the cost is not worth playing the game so I deleted it!
This app shut down my phone so it didn't recognize the SD card....poor quality...LG Optimus V.  I tried it more than once.  Each time I had to remount my SD card.
Loved it on the ipod. Unfortunately, the it force close/crashes on the evo 3d. Will be hangers my review when it works...
This game blew my mind.  It was incredibly dull.  At least for me.  Quickly got deleted off of my Kindle.
Add me to the growing list of disappointed people who purchased this game only to have it fail installing miserably. Bummer.
Was only able to play the first stage and it froze. Now after restarting phone and trying to start fresh I can't get past the Play button to select a stage.
App sucks it shutdown my phone every time I tried to download it. I would not waste your time in downloading this app.
Everytime I try to install this app it reboots the optimus t.  I haven&apos;t found anyway to get this to install without a reboot.
samsung intercept wont install reboots my phone. i was looking forward to this game but yet i dont get to play
Add the LG ally to the list of devices that crash. I was excited about this game because a friend raved about it :-(
The game is not really fun. It's fun for about 2 levels. It's not worth the space it occupies. It ends up being one of those apps that just sits on your phone and you never use but think you will.Oh, and listing an app on the market place that can't work for your device is a 100% legit reason to give a low review.  If Amazon says it's available for your device and it performs poorly, review it as such. It's Amazon's fault. Not the end user.
Didn't work, it made me force it to close when I tried to use it. I don't know if it is the app or my tablet.
zombies aren't stupid don't get this game for kids cause they don't need to get worried about zombies that's why it is a 5 star for me
I HATE THIS GAME WITH A PASSION!!!!!! It is not worth the room on here. It is lamer than a jewelry box. Sorry to all those girly girls readin this but I AM A PROUD REDNECK AND AINT AFRAID OF YALL OR ANYTHING ELSE!!
I downloaded this game for my grandson.It is way to gory for a game for kids.I will probably delete it.
This app worked really great for my kindle fire but it is not as clean as some of the other reviewers made it seem. I mean comparing it to plants vs zombies that game has like no blood in it so when It was being compared to that game I thought &quot;WOW, maybe it will be a free version of plants vs zombies but it wasn't. it also wasn't that fun to play. some people might like it but for me personally I didn't. I hope you'll take my perspective of the game into account for your selves.
I have downloaded this several times on 2 different tablets and never could get it to work.  I click on the game and nothing happens.
no fun.  don't try it.  no good. no use. no goodies.  no ladies in it. kids should not play.  no longer in my ipad.
Will automatically crash when opening.  Will not work on LG Optimus.  Too bad, it looks like a great time waste game!
Waste of time for me; tried numerous times to get it to install on my T-Mobile MyTouch 4G, always fails.
you dont need the access you request.  now I'll bla bla for a bit so i can post with a 20 word minimum.  did not install because of permissions.
the only thing I lime about this game is that I hate it! its a stupidngame for stupid game for stupid people and I hate it.(opposite day)
It is a horrible app. It is stupid like it's name, I though it would be okay but I was wrong!!!!!!!! It's absoloutly horrible there is no fun!!!!!!!:(
On first run, the app tried to force OpenFeint registration, and when I said no, my phone popped into the Market and asked me to install a privacy guard app. The app locked up after I denied this scamware permission to install. Avoid this game, do not install!
I downloaded this app because I&apos;m a Zombie fan and thought it looked liked it might be fun.  I cannot accurately review this app because I cannot even install it.  I have an LG Optimus and every other app I install works fine.  App starts installing, but then it crashes the entire phone.  The whole system reboots.  Oh well, thank goodness I didn&apos;t pay for it.
I tried to install this game twice and both times it reboots my lg VORTEX, I really wanted to try stupid zombies...I'm a huge zombie fan
sont spend time or memory space on this game: it is nit creative, and honestly is a waste of time (no offense).
Wherever I touched the screen on my kindle fire hd it would shoot up and to the left a bit.  This doesn't happen on any of my other games so there is just something wrong with this one.
hi mom g v g h h g h h h b h h b b bbh b.  bu b b
This is the crappyest thing I have ever bought never buy this piece of crap junkiest thing ever!!! Time is money and money is time!!
I purchased this game for my daughter's Nabi Tablet and it never worked.  It will try to load and then just quit and go back to the icon.  It does this every time and we have never been successful in logging in the game.  I would like a fix or my money back.
I purchase this App for my Android OS and it crashes every time!! I launch app and it crashes immediately upon opening it. I clear app cache, unintalled and reinstalled app.. nothing works. I contacted Amazon and they said to contact vendor.. still trying to contact vendor with no success. :( If anyone has any suggestions, let me know. I have this game in my iPad and iPhone and it works great... just not the droid.
What a shame. Kept force closing on free trial version. had the free version worked, I would have definitely paid for full version.
everything about this app is horrible! DO NOT GET THIS APP! Its a waist of time! DONT GET THE APP!
ok, this app is so* stupid, don't get it, its bad and mean! and some are just nasty it talks about REALLY* innapropriate stuff and it sayrls that ur mom ks a whore. (-_-) its really bad*. seriously don't get it. that's why everyone is giving it one star. and if I hadn't deleted it I would have gotten in grounded so thanks yah dumb app.
FIVE things to say about this app1: STUPID2:IT WOULDN'T LOAD!!!!3: BAD, BAD, BAD, BAD, BAD, BAD4:USES FOWL LANGUAGE5: DO NOT GET THIS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
This app stinks and I'm glad I didn't waste money on this idiotic app.  They repeat fortunes like 10 times in a row.
OMG this game stinks dont waste you money on it it so sucks you can't do anything all y out can do is crack a fortune. I recommend not buy this game
well I saw lots of bad reviews about so I said what the heck just give it a bad review bahahahahahahahahahahaha
read I'm going to download this app and see the stuff and tell you the things it said bye see ya wish me luck
this is a waste of money, and it is FREE. do not get. horrible fortunes, solo hurtfull. the only reason u should get it is to make urselfe depressed about things. or ur a heartless soul.
it was a complete waste of time. I thought it might be little stuff, but it wasn't. it was stupid. WASTE OF TIME
this is an awful app and it shuldnt even be in the app storeso inappropriate! !!! please don't get it because its not even worth ur time!
if i could give this app 0 stars i definetly would. oh my gosh this is the worst app ever!!!!!! it is also soooooooo offensive. I do not recommend this for ANYONE!! Please do not download this app. who ever designed this well round of applauss for FAILURE.
I hate it!!!!!this is not a good app this is very inappropriate. not for kids. so if any of you are affnded I'm sorry its just an opinion.that's all I have to say
ot well not download on my kindla fire and I don't like that.so I am giveing u a bad reaview
this app is not for kids, one of the fortunes was that I would end up on a rape island. all of the fortunes are super bad for kids, it also calls your mom a whore!anyways, just a dumb app, it is SUPER GREAT its free Cuz lots of people would be crazy mad Cuz of spending money for a piece of poop!!!!!!
This app is more like BAD APP instead of bad fortune cookie!  It just is dumb I hate it and the makers
wow this app is horrible!! I cant believe I got it despite the reviews!! I recommend NOT getting this app!
long Wating its been ten minutes now 11 I don't like it I say you have better luke with the lightsaber
this app is so stupid Cuz it said my dogs were making fun of me... LOL!!!  so I deleted this app...
This app said my mother is a whore and that a rhino was gonna destroy my car. I don't like this app. P.S. It says some REALLY BAD* stuff. (* means I'm trying to prove my point) Again, this SUCKS*! I wanna give it the least star rating,  and I think it should be possible to rate the age appropriate viewers,  but even if it was possible I would rate it PG13.
NOT a good app at all it is bad for kids it just is very bad do not get it at all it
This app so bad. It was the stupidest ever in my life and I'm 51years old. I hate it. suckers
anyone who made this is terrible people. its not funny and rude. has terrible language and terrible fortunes. I hate this and the makers. plz take this out of the store.
This app is horrible. The fortunes are stupid. Some just hurt your feelings. I read one and felt like I was gonna cry. I deleted this app  right away.
i was gonna download this app for my sister and i 2 play on and have a good laugh, but no as soon as i downloaded it i told my sis 2 come look at the app wit me.well she saw that it said stuff like calling ur mom a whore, told my mom,and I got grounded.so totally don't tell ur younger siblings.also NOT4 children.
do not get free is not chep for this app. I think if my kid want to a steriper show it wood be beter. if I cod this wood have a 0 star.
it told me I was going to the devil and that's not funny at all and it should be bigger but if there were funnier it would be great for pranks
The Knitmore Girls podcast is my absolute favorite podcast but this app stinks. The layout and controls are excellent, or would be if they functioned. The app locks up and even if uninstalled and reloaded just does not work. Don't waste your money.
Lite typically refers to software with stripped down or limited functionality.  This software functions until you input a handful of items, then it won't allow you to enter anymore, instead prompting you to buy the Pro version so you can continue.  When functionality stops, and is followed by &quot;go pro....&quot; it's called a TRIAL!  I think goin' pro was also $1 more than what I could buy it on the Market for.  Sucks, as this program is pretty cool, and easy to use.  I'll be finding an inventory program that don't screw me over and lock me in after I've invested my time &amp; energy inputting data.  This app woulda been a keeper &amp; 4 stars if it had not deceived me!
stunk horribly!!!!!!! thought it would be one of those games where you type in your name and almother guys nameand it would show your love meter. but no!!!! it was for gronwups!!
what the.  what is this. its woo stupid it gave my kindle q virus.  I'm serious. what is this app don't buy it plz buy it I will b dicipointed and so will u
can't seem to sign up for an account with my kindle on the free version to see if I will like it to purchase the app. keeps saying error in signup.
There were no instructions on how to use this app.  I uninstalled it almost immediately.  It sounded like it had a lot of potential but it was not intuitive for use.
Mathmatiz I did not like, I cannot remember why I did not like it now, sorry.I have removed it from my kindle and replaced it with Calculator Plus Free.
Useless to me. Deleted it and bought the full version. It just didn't do what the full version can do.
I tried the free version out and I didn't like how the app was set up and didn't feel it was user friendly. The good thing is I spent not money on this app.
Works fine on Kindle Fire, however, doesn't provide enough data monitoring such as Balance Tracking and maybe even sub-grouping to justify a $6 cost factor upgrade.
I didn't care for this app because it wouldn't let u have more than 20 bills and that included reacurring bills.
one of the worst apps ever...  hard to use,  only translates one way English 2 Portuguese, simple words missing, hard to navigate.
This is far from being &quot;comprehensive&quot; .  A blatant rip off.  There is no way you can use this as a dictionary.  Don't waste your money.
I downloaded this app and proceeded to look up several common words but only one of them was listed.  Then I just looked up any word starting with the letter 'f' and the dictionary only has about 20 words for that letter.  This must be the world's smallest dictionary! And it kept asking me to upgrade but there was no info on how much the upgrade cost.  Stay away from this.
I WON BINGO SAID I DIDNT AND ITS STUPID IT MAKES NO SENCE AT ALL PEOPLE DO NOT PLAY OR DOWNLOAD!!!!
Don't like this app is worthless to have not like regular bingo. I would not recommend this app to anyone.
it did not work good for me i had a time on my kindle fire and all kind of think pop up we play
Not a fan of this one. Many other bingo games that are alot more fun to play. Not exciting at all.
Installed and opened... and thats as far as I got.  game has no instructions, no idea how to play or how to even start game. This is not Bingo, it's LAME. DELETED.
Doodle BingoDidn't care at all for it. Kinda dumb. Didn't make sense to me. Not my kind of game.
This is the first bingo game in my life that i do not understand how to play. Need instructions. please help me.Were do i go to delete this game.
too small to see....this is not only a stupid app this is a stupid thing that you have to do to complete this for Amazon.....  I really don't like the fact that I have to keep writing just so that it goes through.....  Not my kind of customer service
This game started out as a dud and didn't get any better. It's just not what I wanted as a bingo game. Sorry.
no idea what you are even supposed to do. not like any bongo game I know. so glad it was free. now just need to remove it from my kindle so it doesnt waste space
don't waste your time with this game. don't waste your time down loading it. not a good bongo game at all
the only fun part is when you make your username don't get this app wish I'm rating zero stars BOO!
This is a review from my 12 year old son:This app had frequent loading issues and the graphics "sucked" becuase they were blurry and hard to see.
I did not get this game Doodle Bingo.  So I can not rate this game but would like to know who did?
I hate how it doesn't let you want to do it is the complete opposite of the real game bingo I hate it
Why does the app, and other app lock applications, need permission for location?  It should just lock and unlock apps.  What does location have to do with it?
On my kindle, the app kept freezing and saying, &quot;app vault has stopped&quot;.  Not reliable either, it was a pain in the butt to ATTEMPT to set up my passwords.  This app is awful and horrible, thank the lord i didn't pay for it.  I would give it zero stars if that was possible.  Would never recommend it.  In fact, deleting it right now.  Also said on my virus program that it is at risk for a virus.  Not impressed AT ALL.
This app took forever to get of my kindleIt kept on saying it had stopped and kept sending me to this one game
Glitches your screen. Makes it go round in circles so it is IMPOOSIBLE to get the home button even if you do touch it! I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND THIS TO ANYONE!!!!
I found out that it only gave the local weather,  not from other locations even from the same state. Uninstalled it right away and went with the free Weather Channel app.
before update it was great. now it takes forever to refresh and constantly freezes/ crashes. what a shame.seems to be a common experience. unless this gets fixed I will have to use a different weather app as my go to information source.
when I try to look for a city's. weather it never find the city that I want it to it needs an update
Everything on my fire locked up the first time I scrolled the google map feature.  This is not acceptable at any price-- even free.
This was one of the apps that I used to use the most.  You could quickly look at what the weather was going to be and ber easy to use.  Now it's become a complex computer geek's dream. Deleting.
It has been consistent in one respect...it has never failed to crash every time I have attempted to use the app's functions.
I am very much not ok w/ apps that won't turn off, so I deleted this one soon after I got it.  Wouldn't mind if they'd let you know in advance.
I have been very happily using this app ever since I got my Kindle.  Today when I went there, I found ads at the top that cover the place to change locations rendering it basically worthless unless I'm home.  I could not find a place to exit the ads.  I'm very disappointed.
This app does not work on my first gen Kindle Fire.  Constantly says there is a &#34;Network Connection Error&#34;.  I tried clearing cache and app data, hard restart, and reinstalling to no avail.  The developer provides no support portal.
I wish I had not updated this.  Terrible to use now on Kindle.  Just like updating so many apps.  Leave well enough alone.  Sooo annoyed.
It isn't very legible.  It isn't easy to know how to use.  It isn't very appealing.  How do I remove it?
Download has always failed, meh whatever, it was a free download anyway so it doesn't really matter, I'll find another weather app.
other than wrong location this worked great until I did this last update....it always used a town sw of us but close enough. Now I can't get it to work other than first page. Whenever l go into weekly forecast or any other than today's weather it tells me network connection is broken. Not so. I uninstalled it.
This app is horrible. Every time I tried to open it, it would just shut down. I don't reccomend this to anybody for the sake of saving their time.
accuweather seems to think i live in berkeley heights NJ and not IL.while its nice that i can see what NJ's weather is like it really does not help me.
I am trying to find a weather app that works well on my Kindle Fire HD. I switched to Weather Bug which works great on my Samsung Galaxy SIII but it is only mediocre on the Kindle. Weather channel is fair, but AccuWeather is terrible.
I hate wasting battery life on my Fire but, unfortunately, this is the app that is apt to do it. You may close it whenever you want, but it keeps on running in the background. You have to force it closed by accessing the 'applications' area. It should shut down when you close it. Is it an accidental oversight or a keystroke recorder?
I hats this thing its so boring and shuts down every five minutes hats this I hats it I hare it I hare it
I loved the original app.  Update has lost all background color and has way too much info per page.  Bring back the original!
it works perfectly fine so long as you don't open it up and try getting the future forecast. which really defeats the purpose of this app. you might as well get the weather channel app, it hasn't randomly failed on me yet.
This app is slow to load and most of the time won't connect to the server.  The Weather Channel app has no problem as does this apps ads.  They can show their ads but no weather.
Tried multiple times to find cities of 75k+. No luck. Weak. 1 weather us way better and gives more info.
Too many hangups in the signup agreement.  Not interested in agreeing to have other programs running in secret.  If these are the apps you intend to push off as free I may close out my Amazon acct as well.
I liked this app before it was &quot;improved&quot;, now I will look for another weather app. I suggest you do the same, this is a waste of time and space on your device! You can't even delete a location you do not want.
The latest update sucks. There is less usefully graphic and tiny fonts. Please Please Please give me back my user friendly, best weather app and oh my radar.
My husband downloaded this from the market a while back. He recently looked at the permissions (which were a NOT disclosed, because he is very picky about that and wouldn't have accepted) and decided to uninstall. Lo and behold... he can't!!!
This app made me think I was getting a bunch of snow this week!  After checking the radar map, I figured out it had my town mixed up with some location in the mountain. Seems like there should be some  verification after you put in your location that the app has the right place...also, I know there are two little weather reporting centers nearer to me than the nearest major city which often has different weather than us anyway.
most permissions don't raise my eyebrows. this weather app has permission to MAKE phone calls? Can someone please explain that?
its a very good app except it doesn't work on my kindle fire. its freezes and once stayed frozen until my battery ran out. I recommend getting this if you DONT have a kindle fire.
It was better before the upgrade. I am removing it. hard to see the info you need! I can't find the map!
I had this app on my Fire HD was great, loved it. Had to replace the Kindle due to a warranty issue, reloaded the app and now it sucks. The screen size is off so it shows a half of the next screen down one side. The information is laid out differently. Agree with previous reviewer, old version was worth 5 stars, the current version isn't.
Out of several apps I tried this was the least user friendly. It was complicated and I had a hard time changing the settings..
This app in on constantly!  i uninstalled it because it was always running and giving updates, and the time interval for updates was 15 minutes - 1 hour.
Hard to use and doesn't work well on my Kindle.  It takes for ever to load even in good service area and then is hard to use
Sorry, I have never given 1 star before.  This app is fine if you don't require a ton of info!
After getting an email from Amazon saying the old app was no longer updatable and to download this one I wish I hadn't. Maps will not load no matter what location I use. Will be searching for a better weather app.
Why does this app need access to make phone calls and send SMS messages.... Typical virus behavior - stay clear of this one.A common maleware tactic is to request these permissions and run your phone bill up with unauthorized calls and SMS messages. BEWARE!!!
talk about change. this app went from useful to ducks and overly complicated in the clock of a button!  its really just junk now. I wish I never updated!!AW should rethink forcing this much change on their customers.
Battery hog that is often wrong about local weather (Riverside, CA). Most recently it failed to report or predict rain despite NOAA predictions and the fact that it was raining. Meanwhile, it runs constantly despite my best efforts. Uninstalling.
app locked up kindle fire in sat map. finally got it to power down and uninstalled it. cant find a good weather app for k fire!
this app does not work on kindle fire. it is true it only lets you input the city only and that's it. It does not show any weather and comes up with a forced shutdown exception error.
I like the old format. It was better to get information easily at a glance. The background now is too light. I do not care for the update.
after the update this app just stinks, no longer user friendly, was a lot nicer to use before. Please put it back to the way it was
don't download its a waste of space and time it could be raining out and say it sunny.  there is no accuracy whatsoever
Never worked properly!  Do not install on the Fire.  Got it to open one time!  Keeps running when you are not using it.
Loved this app in the beginning.  But every upgrade took away features I liked.  Now I can't even open it.  All I get is &#34;AccuWeather has quit working.&#34;
Not accurate.  Simply doesn't seem to work.  You could never trust it to give you the correct weather.  No good.
THEY, ignore the south east area (except when we had the big snow) we also like to know what our day is doing just as much as the north east and west states. We also want to view a 5 day forecast a well.
loved the previous version. this new version is so bad and unusable that I am removing it from my kindle. z
Never was accurate to the area that i live in. I could never rely on it because it was never true.
the new upgrade is terrible. way too much info. i loved the former version - i'm so very sorry i upgraded.
I gave AccuWeather a poor rating because it didn't update for some time.I did like the constant notification of the temp and weather, but this to was usually behind the time by about 10 hours.
It rarely gets the weather correct and never agrees with other weather report, I quit looking at it. Not to y liking.
I downloaded this &quot;update&quot; and it never even opens.  It always forces a close. I wish I could download the old version.
This was a wonderful app until I got the new upgrade. Is there any way to undo? If not I will have to look for another weather app. There was nothing wrong with the way it was. It was informative and easy to read, not like this piece of mess. Give us back the old app, please!
it keep running in background and drains battery and processing power. I put good effort to configure it to see if it can be closed but couldn't
No video or audio.  Just a bunch of numbers and statistics.  If we can't get some pictures and video of the weather in various parts of the country, what good is it.  I can see statistics on the local tv.
Can not remove a location .  Or even set a priority for a location. So I don't very much like it. Can you tell?
this app used to be great....now it's almost unusable...will be uninstalling and looking for a better 1 soon....there was nothing wrong with the older version
If you want a good weather app don't get this app get the weather channel app because this app is totally inaccurate! When I wanted a weather app to check the weather for the next day to see if it was a good day to go places, it said it would be sunny but actually it rained the whole day!!!!! So don't get this app! And definetly don't listen to the good reviews because they are trying to rip you off!!
Not compatible with Kindle Fire.  Looks like it should install but does nothing. Axccuweather is a good product however. maybe jib.
Not a good app. I tried this and it never fit right on the screen. The widget cut words off and didn't fit right.
I downloaded this AccuWeather and The WeatherBug.  For me it has a lot to be desired so I deleted it and am happy with The WeatherBug. - Bobby Blue
The weather channel probably has the best weather program on the android market. I deleted this program after I found the weather channel app.
Previous version was perfect!  The latest version was so bad I deleted it. Please go back to the old format.
Precipitation totals are a good feature of this app.  However, the app is cumbersome to use and is slow.  The Weather Channel app is superior.
After downloading, I had second thoughts about installing it given they require excessive 'Application Permissions'.  So I uninstalled it and have not used it.The only reason I even considered 'AccuWeather' was because the weather app I've been using 'The Weather Channel'  needed to be re-installed due to an update.  The update required accepting their re-stated Privacy Agreement. But the link to this re-stated agreement had refused to open, even after several attempt over several days.  It did finally open, and I did found it acceptable.  So I highly recommend  'The Weather Channel'  app.  It is quite complete and easy to use.  The update has a few more bells and whistles, but is otherwise unchanged.
Nothing works. Uninstalling. That's right, uninstalling. This app is a large waste of time. It doesn't refresh, and the weather map won't render at all.
Loved this app before upgrade now I do not like it at all.  Is the previous version available for download?
I'm not sure what happened but this app used to work. great. Now everytime I start it up it crashes about 5 seconds and says force shutdown. Try something else until they fix the bug.
It worked OK until a few days ago. Now the display does no longer update date or weather, no matter what.No message on the phone or on the web about why this happens (I understand it has stopped working for all users).If I try to uninstall, the adduweather widget (which came with the Samsung SIII) does not have the "-" icon and cannot be uninstalled.
We had problems from the start. It rarely works and is constantly forcing a close. I suggest finding something more reliable.
Did not work on my Kindle Fire&hellip;able to type in location, then just black screen! Back to using TWC app.
tried suggestions in other reviews to no avail.  got some of the interface to surface but would not function properly.
The changes you made ruined a perfectly useful app.  I'm now shopping for a new weather app.  It is hard to imagine someone or some committee making this kind of business decision.
It seems the "current" weather data is hours old. AccuWeather says it's 43 degrees outside, my weather station at home, and the nearby airport,  reports it's 59. Even the forecasts the next day are wrong by about half that amount. I just can't trust what it says.
I liked the app at first when it showed the weather hourly but it gave me the wrong weather.  It said the was going to be 56 but it was acutally 75 out!!!!!! At first I didn't really care and just thought it was a mistake but the next few days were the same the WRONG weather.  Get another weather app don't waste time downloading and only getting the wrong weather:(
PLEASE!!! Go back to the old format!!  It was much easier to get weekly forecasts and weather maps.  This one is too much like Weather Bug, which is why I always used AccuWeather instead.  Now I don't want to use either one!
I got this app because of the high ranking and after reading some of the great reviews replacing a different weather app that was less User friendly. I did like this one until a resent update by the developers (3-23-2013) and was considering purchasing the &quot;Pro &quot; version. Well that thought went down the tubes with this NEW VERSION.... IT 'S TERRIBLE! Why did you people feel the need to mess with a good thing when you have it going? I will be finding another Wx app and sending this one to the junk pile... So sad....
Too busy, too much info, confusing, visually unappealing. Loved it before - hate it now! They should have left it alone!
I can't get it to work at all...would not recommend this to anyone I need to delete it b/c I just can't get it to work
the app is fantastic but it has the wrong date and time! i have tried everything but it doesnt evn ave the same time as my kindle fire :(
Videos news maps email couldn't find the weather!  Not intuitive and if I want news videos I will watch TV.
Not much to say about this one. I still use the Weather Channel because AccWeather didnot download at all. sorry
Crashes constantly when I try to use the bottom bar.  Had to force close it. Entered zip and it returns a blank screen.
Accuweather was a succinct app that I could use to get a little weather info. They changed it to make it more complex and less concise.. It gives more info now but is more difficult to use... Back to the Weather Channel app...
You were such a fantastic help for every day but somedy wanted to improve and put his thick muddy boot! How can I revert to the old treasured version?
go back to your old format it was great compared to this improvement. it was much easier to view the days hour by hour
why does this need to modify my USB storage? there is no reason for that. Remove that and I'll install it.
I loved this app before the update, when it was simple and easy to use. Now it is clunky and has very poor flow. Additionally, before the update, I never had issues with the app being such a drain on my battery, now however, it's just awful. I would love to see this go back to the way it was and am SO glad I did not buy the paid version of the app.
I liked this app a lot when I first got it. the interface was very well designed.  but for the last week all I get are &quot; force close&quot; messages every time I try go run it.
This app was free but all it keeps doing is force closing and saying I don't own it! I cannot figure out what is wrong. I liked it when it worked.
App is constantly sending msg's about no connection. Kindle fire users are not online like smartphone users. Had to uninstsll and use the weather network app instead which doesn't do that.
I'll be looking for a new weather solution. The new layout is atrocious, and the list of permissions required is appalling.
The update is terrible! They must change the layout and make navigation smooth!Gonna switch to My Weather Channel if they won't
This app rev is useless....constantly tells me it can't connect to my server. There is NOTHING wrong with my server or my device connection. All other apps connect just fine. I had the old version on my Kindle and it worked great until I downloaded the update.  :(  Looking for a new weather app.
Loved this app until what looked like porn adds popped up in the background.  I would have rather paid for an add free version.  If anyone can download it for free, then the adds should be appropriate.
When I first downloaded this app I loved it!  I do not like it at all now. I am taking it off of my kindle.
I stupidly updated to the new version and it is awful!  I have uninstalled it and installed the Weather Channel.  Not as good as the old Accuweather version but tons better than this update.
Do not get this app ever because it sucks. It froze my Kindle Fire which is one of my favorite items.If this ever happens to you just hold the power button for at least 20 seconds. DO NOT GET THIS APP!!!!!
Why did this change? The original version was perfect, beautiful even. The upgrade has cheapened this app terribly. Hope heads roll for this one...will uninstall at once.
If every time you open the app you have to uplaod your location, this is tiresome. The former version didn't require that.
very limited and confusing interface. just wanted to have it refresh network connection automatically, but it would not do anything other the typical android app....  no quit or restart etc. menu lacking tools etc
I absolutely bate this app. I have installed it three times on my kindle, and all three times, I haave had to restart my device.
Ever since the update, I don't like to use this app anymore!  It is hard to look things up and can't figure out how to delete cities after I look them up.
I've loaded this app on 2 phones and neither one will load the radar. What good is a weather app with the radar want load up. Piece of junk is what it is. Wish I could load the old version back it was slow but did work
The did not work and it gave an error pop-up with 2 selections something like continue or exit. Pressing continue resulted in same pop-over again and there was only one way out exit the app. Weather Channel works fine, everyone should use that
Since the recent upgrade every time I open Accuweather it freezes my kindle fire.  I get an error message telling me to uninstall and reinstall.  No luck after several attempts to do so. Same error message and same frozen screen each timeI want rid of this horrible app.  Attempts to delete have been fruitless.  Like a fly it keeps coming back.
I really liked this app until you changed it now. I don't like the look and it is weird on my screen. why did you change it?
I have this on my phone but the fire version has twice locked up and I had to wait until the battery ran down to get out of the program.  Hats off to lazy stupid programmers who ignore input from the User in a program.
Loaded app but couldn't locate Atlanta. Map was Pennsylvania. Even time was 10 minutes slow. Tried location again and screen froze. Found Kindle support on  laptop and managed to get Kindle to turn off. I went to 'Your Apps ' on my laptop and deleted this app.
this app was easy to use, until I downloaded the new upgrade! Everything is too small to read, hard to navigate too. I want the old version with big easy to read icons. :(
i dislike the New update, looks like its time to uninstall and stick with the weather channel app.  i think that's the only way to stop this battery vampire app anyway.
Doesn't work on Fire. Crashes everytime I try to open it! Sometimes will show first page for city but then crashes if you pick next option like 15 day forecast.
Please go back to previous version.  The new update is small print difficult to navigate and just plain unlikeable.  The previous version was so easy to use with just tapping on information you wanted or swiping through hourly temps.  Sometimes new isn't always better.
The app did offer me basic weather informatin and offered a news view on the current weather reports. It did give a forecast on the upcoming days, and all seemed to work ok for a time. I gave the app a trial. I recently had a problem with this app after not using it for a time, and the permissions under terms and conditions have either changed or appear to possibly charge me for them through a subscription. I am plain out of here! I will search for a new weather app soon as I can find one.
oh my my my...it just plain doesn't work on my epic 4g...the best weather report i can get is when I look outside the windows of my house and see if its raining or snowing...
a decent app when it works but it is very frustrating as it is plagued by frequent inadvertent shut downs
Installs, but will not run/setup on the Kindle Fire Hdx.  Tried to setup the 'location', but will not setup. Tried both zip and city,state. No go.
Requires too much control of your phone...why does it need to send messages to my contacts?  Not clear how to uninstall either.
Worthless.  I deleted it within minutes.Same info much more easily available elsewhere in apps that work faster and more intuitively.
after the last update this has become nothing but a battery discharger. the forecasts are off, the current weather looks like it was drawn by a kindergarten class. this is being uninstalled immediatly!
Hard to navigate, too much clutter! Since I did the update a few days ago I have not been able to see the radar! This is not acceptable! Accuweather used to be my favorite weather app, til now. Hate to see it go but I need the radar for outdoor activities such as hunting, fishing, and farming. Especially in calving season! I won't be graphic, lets just say radar is very important.Wish I could roll it back!
The new look is boring and hides essential information and navigation is counterintuitive.  Skip this app until they fix it.
The forecast is so off -not sure whether they understand anything about weather or just want to make it look nice since it disagreed with almost all the other weather forecasts
I really didn't like it at all.  I didn't realize it was a game.  I was hoping for something to track guns and ammo so I was way off line.
Why did you update it. It was perfect just it was! I'm unhappy and need to find some that was similar to the old one. This one is too complex.
This used to be THE perfect weather app...hence the number of 5 star ratings.  The terrible upgrade ruined what was perfect.  The app is too cluttered. There's so much going on that you can't find weather information. The ads are overwhelming.WEATHERBUG FREE is the closest app to the old version of Accuweather that I can find.  GO TO WEATHERBUG FREE FOR FOR A MUCH BETTER EXPERIENCE!!!!!!!!!!!!!
What have you done?? It worked well, was intuitive and presented the information in an aesthetically pleasing format. The update is awful.  Will be uninstalling after I submit this review.
I really do not like the new set up. I liked it much better before. I am going to look for another application for weather on my kindle fire.
loved this app until downloaded the updrade.  has destroyed the look and feel and severely impacted the useability.  now looking for a new weather app.
Sometimes it's better to leave well enough alone.  Old app worked well and looked great.  The new update not so much.  Wish I could get the old look back.  Guess I'll be looking for another weather app.
The very first thing this app does when I click on it is open a web page for the Land Rover.  This is the most obtrusive ad EVER.  AND  it takes a while to load.  UNINSTALLED.
When I went to the radar view, &amp; tried adjusting the zoom, my KF froze &amp; needed to be rebooted. I've deleted the app.
LOVED the original version! Can't figure out why it was necessary to &quot;fix&quot; this app. Previous version had all the info you could ask for.  It was presented well, easy to navigate, the color layout was easier on the eyes...etc. I used this app constantly being employed in the transportation industry and was able to access my list of locations and get accurate up to the minute weather info as well as extended weather info in a matter of seconds at any one of ten or fifteen locations I had saved. Which by the way did &ntilde;ot transfer to updated version. Short story long...VERY DISSATISFIED
I was just fine with the old version, and enjoyed it too. Go back to the better old version or I will uninstall this. You should can whoever designed the new version. It has bad graphics, and is cluttered. Sorry I upgraded.
Why was the latest update released?  The new screen format is all but unusable.  The old format provided more information on a single screen.  Time to uninstall this software.
New version absolutely horrible. Bring back the old version. This is the worst weather app I have seen. I would give it 0 stars if I could.
this app only works in portrait orientation with the kfhd camera on the left.  I use a case that requires the camera on the right to work the magnetic on/off.  The case also orients the camera at the top when in landscape mode and the case functioning as a stand.  The camera on top works better for skype.  If you use with a case you'll likely need to hold it upside down or reverse the installation of the device.  i just can't get used to it.  i haven't used the app and can't review it further because i can't get passed the orientation issue.
Despite trying what others described, I cannot get this to run properly on my Fire.  All it wants to do is show some location in PA (I'm in GA).  It looks nice but for me is non-functional.
I was forced to uninstall this app from my tablet. It simply does not work!This is a lousy review, I am aware, but there was nothing for me to expand on except it failed to perform.
AccuWeather app keeps locking up on the Kindle Fire. It runs through the radar once or twice then stops. I have to do a power button reset in order to get the Fire to work again. It's done this several times. I finally deleted it.
Right after installing, I got a network connection error which is nutty since I'm online at this very moment. I'm unistalling and trying out The Weather Channel app.
I set the app to update my weather info hourly - the slowest rate available, and instead it would do so every 12-24 hours... absolutely useless.  Removed from my phone forthwith.
Poor format. Not enough info to be useful. WeatherBug seems to be a much more useful tool to monitor the weather
It's extremely difficult to beat &#34;weather bug&#34;  a free and almost all encompassing app. Why take less, when &#34;Weather Bug' s&#34; best.
I really don't hate it;I can't seem to open it to use it. I got a kindle for christmas christmas and I desperattly need some lessons!
New update and look is awful. Bring back the old format. All the best features that were on the prebvious version are now gone.
I have refreshed and uninstalled several times. Shows correctly on map my location but it lists city as wrong city on other side of state.
this wether site didn't give me anything but present weather I wanted to know about coming weather.  If available there should be a way to get to the information.
This ap used to work well on Kindle, but now it always force closes when I try to open it.  The widget seems to work fine, but I get a force close when I click it to open ap.
the new update is not User friendly.  I liked the previous version bettter. I would go back if I could. I am looking for a different app. complicated is not better.  who ever  idea it was to change this app should be fired!I like accuweather. this app stinks!
The application hung on a loading screen while trying to get the local weather information.  It never actually worked for me.
expected better app but it cant do anything without force closing and crashing.....uninstall until fixed, if ever again. very disappointed
Had both this app and Weather Channel app on my Kindle Fire (not HD). Updates have caused some sort of interference between the two, so now both of them don't work. I successfully uninstalled Weather Channel, but when I try to uninstall this app, the Kindle tells me it cannot locate this app. You have some shared programming between the two that isn't working.
The format is terrible. You get one and a half pages at a time. It had a very clunky interface. I would not recommend it.
I don't like it! Bring back the old interface. GUI is hard to use and shows dates, but does not show what day it is. Very confusing!If not changed shortly, I will be switching to another application.
Link was sent, clicked to download, tried to open and received an error,was sent to the Market where it diverted me back to Amazon to sign in then sent me to purchase area? WTF? UNINSTALLED...Bottom line...just go directly to the Android Market to get your free downloads.  It is simply not necessary to get them here.
I could never get this app to work on my kindle fire. I'm new to the kindle world, so I kept trying to make it work thinking it was something I was doing wrong. I would enter the town name, wait, wait--nothing. After numerous attempts I gave up and uninstalled it.
Always.  And is a resource hog.  Fire was 'laggy' until I removed.  Unnecessary permissions as well. I don't need constant updates...only updates when I launch the app.
I don't write reviews but am feel compelled to this time. As I said in the title, the update is a disappointment. Too much extraneous information and runs slowly. Sorry I updated.
I had just gotten the old one then after I had gotten used to it it was upgraded to one I cannot use. Print way too small. Too many screens. No place to delete a previous entry so gets filled up with unneeded locations. Wish there was an option to choose between the two...old or upgrade.
Not much to say because it did not download.  Later I will try again if I don't find another App.
at first it was fine but lately it has crashed more and more frequently. I finally uninstalled it today and will try another app after checking reviews.
I like all the information this app has to offer me but it keeps crashing when I go to use it. Rating it poor..
Do not get if you want accuracy.  Liked old version very better!  Wish it had an option to stay in old version and not be forced to upgrade to what I feel is a worse version.
I really get tired of applications that prompt you for reviews. It seems like they get you when you are in the middle of a bunch of stuff and you need to check something really quick. Suddenly there are pop ups and prompts and you feel like the whole thing is just wasting your time.
Print way too small, too cluttered! The old version was way betterYou need to reconsider your design!  I am very unhappy with the changes!
This app is awful. Almost never works on my Kindle Fire. I am sooo lucky it was free or I'd be even more ticked about the quality.
I really liked this app and checked it all the time.I updated it 3/20/13 and now it is useless to me because all the info is so small I can't t read it. The old format showed the extended forecast in an easy to see list you could tap on for more details. This update does not make the app better.
It was a great weather app before the update, now it stinks. It was fast and accurate, now slow and frustrating.  If there's  way to back off the update I'd do it in a flash.
There is far too much &#34;stuff&#34; unrelated to the weather forecast.  I want just the forecast; not a bunch of other articles.
Crashes so often on my Kindle Fire that I uninstalled it after just a few minutes. Looks like it would be good if it were made compatible with the fire.
Also I can not store the app on my sd card..  Why does the application have to be. 10 MB???  I. REMOVED FROM THE CELL PHONE.  THIS WAY I DON'T NEED TO WORRY about identity theft.
I never liked the weather it is super dumb. The logo is super dumb too and also not realistic or cool.
Worked great from November 15 til Feb 17. Now crashes, forces close, and will not reinstall without wiping memory cache first. Once newly installed will not fine my location, can't remove location, or reset home location. Too bad. Great while it lasted, TRASH now! DO NOT DOWNLOAD TO KINDLE FIRE, INCOMPATIBLE--AND DEVELOPERS UNWILLING TO FIX PER KINDLE FIRE APP SULPORT.
Does not work on Kindle Fire: blank screen after entering location. Tried clearing cache, reinstalling, and entering a different city, to no avail.
the old version was wonderful.  This new update ruined it.  Please bring back the old one. This version is cluttered and difficult to use.
waste of time, it does not work on the fireuse the app weather channel as it does work on the fire
The earlier version was simpler and better.  This app is very slow on Kindle Fire 1st generation.  Would not recommend.
This was always my go to weather app until the latest update. Honestly, why &quot;fix&quot; something that isn't broken?! Now I'm forced to use a lesser weather source. Please go back to the faster, more user-friendly interface. Please!
The new changes are a convoluted mess.  Prior to this update it was great.  I would no longer recommend this app.  I hope someone does a do over,  or I'm moving it off.
Had there been foreknowledge of changes from the previous version of AccuWeather,  I would never have. installed the update.  This is not usable.
I have never been able to get this site to work on my Kindle.  Waste of time for me.  I deleted it.
I had trouble downloading the program.  I can't get the program to work, I don't know what I am doing wrong.
I am still learning about my kindle fire but know I am doing fine and can get other programs to work.  This program just sits on the opening page or goes to another site i have been able to program but will not give the weather in that site either.  It does not give the weather, past or future and the maps will not enlarge.  If I am able, i am going to delete it and read the weather in my newspaper.  Do not bother downloading this app.
Got rid of it. Kept stopping
I chose not to use the app based on the terms you have to agree with in order to use this app,It is shocking!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
This used to be my favorite weather app. After newest update it is now unuseable. Look for a different app now, this one does not work! 0 stars!
Received an update to the program today. I do not like it at all. I liked the older version much better. This update is more difficult to see on my tablet than before. Hope you go back to the way it was.
the constantly flashing neon ads make this app unusable. try The Weather Channel, I like the improvements they made to their app
App reports to be unresponsive repeatedly and sends me back to the install page. Also lacks accelerometer function so it's always stuck in portrait mode. Would give it zero stars if possible.
I loved this app.  It was my favorite.  But a couple of days ago, it started crashing every 5 secondsI had to uninstall itToo bad.
slowed my phone to a crawl, network error prevents any buttons from being used. never got a forecast. deleted. cm7.1 N1
This format is not one that I'm used to..I would much prefer an hourly weather report .  I'm now, once again, checking weather on my PC.