I'm very satisfied with the on-line version - however this app takes too much work to get the info you need.  Needs improvement
Hard to navigate. Cant adjust search to the way I like to search. Much prefer Epedia. Glad it was free.
Using Orbitz always frustrates me because of it's response time.  If you are researching travel it does provide value, but make sure you have lots of time to surf (hopefully you have good bandwidth).  Not sure if this is related to their own systems -- the company could improve customer sat if they upgrade their system performance.  The site is fairly easy to navigate.
cant relay tell you  much I have not been any were to user it but when I do I will tell you
Everything is too small, it doesn't look like the screenshots. On both, my Kindle Fire and my Kindle Fire HD 8.9, I need a magnifying glass to read the Japanese symbols. Probably a good app otherwise, just way too frustrating for me. Not worth the money.
This would be one of the best apps available if it actually worked like it was supposed to.  It has a lot of great features and I really want to be able to use it, but it crashes and causes my Kindle Fire to reboot.  Hopefully the publisher of this app can update a fix to stop the crashes, because then this would be a 5-star app without a doubt.
It has a very narrow selection of exercises to choose from. I bought it with the intention to use at the gym on my kindle to track my weights and reps. After purchasing it I realized it wasn't a good fit.
Very difficult. to navigate; could not find a method to enter yesterday's exercises. Would consider this app again if developer would refine it.
has great potential. i would like to see less lagging when rotating the icons and less lagging when the app cube is being loaded. more apps should be added in the app ring
all right. has very little quotes. good quotes for some things but not for others. I salted this quotecrighr after.
Just about the same as my video player included.  I was unable to download youtube videos, but it appears all the new ones won't due to youtube agreement.
This app is ok. It doesn't work all the time though.  Seems maybe there is a conflict with the ASUS tablet. Will shut down for no reason at all in middle of songs.
I'm giving this app two stars because I honestly don't remember why I uninstalled but, but I do know I ended up buying a player later on.The story goes: I reset my phone and started having problems with the media player. I then started looking for a new player and this was one of the ones I'd tried. I do recall it being so unimpressive I deleted it almost right away and went with VPlayer (which I paid for). Sadly I can't tell you why this was so bad that I deleted it then paid money for a different player but I'm not the type to waste money. I am, however, the type who'd rather pay up for quality or put up with free, so this was clearly so bad that even being free didn't justify the problems I had with it.
I used the app for several months n it was ok but there was a lag when transitioning different sections or tabs n playlists. Also I would get bad Bluetooth reception in the car using the app was worrible.
This app doesn't seem to work on anything so I don't really understand what it does.It is no good.Bad app ...bad
It can't even find all of my files. I have pictures on my phone that I can view but this file manager can't find to delete. enough said. BTW. the files are on my SD card and I put the SD card into my PC Card Reader. Found the files and deleted them
After several attempts, I have not been able to successfully get past the first screen presented. Perhaps some education in the program operation might help like some examples of actual play.
I was happily using this application to play Movies that I copied to my Kindle Fire HD when one day it started showing "Internet Needed".  Since I was on an airplane this error was very frustrating.It is a solid file browser and I was really happy with the application until that happened.
If it will help me move my stuff off my kindle in large groups,  I will love it.  If not,  it is  gone.
FROM:[...]&lt;&lt;ORIGINAL TEXT>>Rhythm Software is a software studio which dedicated to Android application development since 2009. The goal of our studio is to deliver high quality and user friendly Android applications to help on user's daily life. Many of our applications have millions of users and also received average 4.5+ ratings. We will continuously work hard to enhance our applications to face more requirements and solve more problems.Our supporting email is support@rhmsoft.com, please feel free to contact us if you have any comment or problem when using our applications.Thank you!&lt;&lt;End of ORIGINAL TEXT>>Note that there is no country or address listed.----File Manager for Kindle Fire HDCurrently evaluating a 7-day free trial version of:MobiSystems File Commander[...]Mobile Systems, Inc.3390 Carmel Mountain Road, Suite 110San Diego, CA 92121Phone: (858) 350 0315Fax: (619) 393 3663Also evaluating a 7-day free trial version of:OfficeSuite Professional 7[...]----At least this company appears to be based within the United States."Please stay tuned."20-FEB-2013
Do n o t think I need.At this present time and moment. I may need it later.I do not know for certain a this particular moment.
Cannot change the colors as specified in your app description.  Beyond that I really like it.  The color change however is a deal breaker for me
I really liked the look of the clock, but it won't update the time!  I downloaded the app at 8:24, and ten minutes later it still hasn't changed.
This application could be a better. Like why doesn't sync itself with the Kindles clock? This would be really cool as a clock face while displaying the time and date. I'll probably delete this one.
Works poorly on my Droid X. Presents a nice looking map but doesn't remember the current year or my location, and Force Closes frequently.
Like the game but it locks up all the time.
freezes up i have to wait until it fills both sides and causes me to lose. please fix this glitch.
The game is very fun...right up until it freezes and no selections are allowed.  Then you have to exit the game and re enter.  Please fix this.
This game is not challenging and I quickly borednfrom it. I advanced from easy to difficult immediately just to stay entertained.
Got to level 14 and it froze up. Could not keep going. This was on my kindle. Too bad because I was really enjoying the game.
I really don't care for this app.  I guess I was expecting something different. I can't really say it was a bad game just something that I don't enjoy playing
At best this is 3D match game with odd, unexplained rules as to what blocks you can use and when you can use them. On top of all that the game some times does not accept input from the touch screen. I would not recommend this game in it's current state.
i really liked the game. until i got to level 5 and needed one kind of cube. rather than it giving me that cube, it gave me another kind and nothing but. hard to make it beyond a level when it wont even let you finish.i liked the calming music and graphics, but i'm not going to keep a game that gliches like that. uninstalled in less than 15 min.
I really wanted to like it, but just couldn't.Cons- This is not any type of mahjong I've played. Not sure what it has to do with fairys. Music is HORRIBLE! Did not live up to any expectations I had for it.Pros- Plays on my device. Graphics work. Didn't even play entire first game to unlock next, but what I played, played well.Results- Can't see me playing this again unless it's the last game left that my device will play, or I'm in a mental institution and bored out of my skull with all other games.Sorry Artex Studios.
I have tired. Distinguishing differences on the tiles was difficult for my older eyes...don't need that strain when trying to enjoy a game.
I love the game, right up until I get to the last match and it wont recognize my finger touch anymore. Happens frequently... frustrating when you are almost done with a hard level and have to start over! FIX IT PLEASE!!!!
First of all I'm giving this app two stars because the developers can't assume everyone knows how to play especially 3D. It looks fun...  No ads unlike that last two apps amazon had (gardening thing and that tangram app).  Kinda disappointed at amazon...  They have been putting out terrible apps. PUT INSTRUCTIONS UNDERSTAND A LITTLE BAR THAT SAYS HELP NEAR OPTIONS AND EXIT.I've never played 3-D cubes versions... If instructions are added I will reinstall.
its free, yes but you have to be an expert at it to master it. to have fun jdhdh djdkdjfhht dkdjfh
too unoriginal, not fun and retrying the level occurs frequently. get it if you've played every other major game you could find I guess.
I got board with this and deleted it.
its fun, but doesnt work well on my og droid.  takes forever to load and crashes quickly.  Gameplay is similar to angry birds.
crcrf rcrdef c c c c Fcc c c c c c c cvcvcvc vvvvvv v v v v v v v v
I'm so sad because it wont work on my kindle fire. I'm so sad... I was really looking forward to playing it:( I know its a fun game so i gave it two stars.
This is fun and difficult and can end up costing you money as you buy bombs to kill the Zombies.
Looks like it might be a fun game. Unfortunately it locks up a lot. Played level 1 and that was all she wrote. The only thing that didn't lock up were the ads. Uninstalled immediately.
they say stupid zombies but I say stupid game there really was no point to make this game it was just to stupid. I want a refund !!!!!!!!!!!!!! :(
this game is pretty hard even though I'm a kid I cant get past onelevel I only got to like level 3 or 4 I get so frustrated!!!!!
step aside angry birds a new sherif is in town. the one that COPY YOU!!!!!!!  you are wrong for that GameResort
the first time I launched this app it crashed during the loading screen. there are a lot of reviews like this, I guess I should have listened (this is on a nexus s).other than that this game feels like it wants to be angry birds. the levels are easier because the gun has a sight.
okay im'a tell y'all straight up it a cool fun app yeah yeah whatever but the only thing that offends me is that the only person shooting is a guy! I mean we girls excist to! we should be able to swich off beetween guy and girl that )would be greatly appreciated ~DG (my initials)*
This was great on my HTC Evo 4G, but since I've upgraded to a Samsung Galaxy S2 Skyrocket it continually locks up requiring a force close.  If it doesn't lock up when loading, I'll get 2-3 levels in when it does.  The recent flood of program updates hasn't helped at all.  Great game if you have an older phone it seems...
This game is pretty fun and is similar to Angry Bird. I was able to get past multiple levels until I got to a point where I could not see a way to kill the zombies and move to the next level. However, you can purchase bombs to clear levels but this requires real money. So much for a "free" game.
it won't open on my android tablet so it kinda sucks. i give it only 2stars cuz the description sounds fun. if i could only get it to work i would give it more stars
I think it is super easy. I finished it in 15 minutes. I think it should be for 5 year old and under.
While the game was fun when I was able to play it, it would lock regularly forcing me to open the application manager to shut the game off. Looked promising other than that.
crashes my phone when installing on Optimus t. looks like fun otherwise. perhaps it could be patched... silleh 20 word minimum. blah blah blah
it was a lot of fun for the first 2 days MAYBE, then it stopped working. Wont even open. dissapointed, it was the only game i liked.
i tryed to download this game onto my kindle fire but it wouldn't work. i really wanted to play this fun game. i played it before and loved it now I'm sad that i cant get this game onto my kindle fire:(
Not as good as the second one. I don't play it often unless I'm bored.
it seems like a fun game, but froze my phone. and somehow my texts disappeared after restart? wtf strange. mytouch4g
This game gets pretty dull pretty quickly. The good part is that it's free. The bad part is the boring repetetivness of the structure.
game is not too bad actually makes time go by, I played it on my HTC EVO, but will not work on my wild fire s.
it is boring I really do.not like it at all but its fun for sum people u might like it and that's why I gave it 2 stars intstead of what
I purchased this game for my 5 and 7 year old grandsons -- this game was too violent for them and I had to delete it off my Kindle.  I should have reviewed it before I let them play it.This game might be for a more mature older group of kids.  Lots of violence, blowing up people and bloody heads rolling around.  Like I said, not for younger kids.
Downloaded and became concerned when it was asking for internet & phone access ... turns out that's so they can spam you with Ad's, I'd rather pay for the app.
This is a fairly simple game where you are a stationary gunman facing stationary zombies.  You touch the screen to place a bullseye that determines the path of your bullet and release to fire.  Each level has the zombies placed in different spots with different barriers that deflect your bullets, as well as items like blocks and barrels that can be used to kill zombies.  Your bullets will bounce around the room a few times before disappearing, and you only have 5 shots in each level.  There is some strategy in that you must bounce a bullet off the wall to get behind a barrier, or knock a crate down the plank, etc.This froze the first time I opened it then worked ok after that.
the ads cause this app to crash for me on htc sensation and g2x. works on my xoom and galaxy tab fine. please fix so I can play on my phone.
Can't get it to the app to install. My phone just keeps restarting over and over again. Should say it doesnt work with certain phones.
I just wanted to state that the game will not install on my Samsung Transform. i was really looking forward to playing the game after reading most all of the reviews. as it turns out it dowloads fine, but every time i try to install it it reboots the phone. And the gmae is no where to be found. It's been downloadedbut not installed. i gave it a two star rating instead of a one. There were a lotof people who complained that those of us who can not get and or install the game should not give the game a bad rating. Im confused as aren't we suppose to rate the game we see fit due to our experience???? Maybe this way the developer can fix the problems.
it is super hard to shoot and u have to shoot with u finger. nail it is good for wasting time but hard to shoot
It worked on Kindle fire 8.9 HD except the balloon on l y occupies 1/8 of my screen. It's very tiny. The rest of the screen is blank, white. It loaded 4 animals and then it says &quot;app has stopped working&quot; and kicked me out of the screen.  I am a balloon twister and the balloon animation isnt base d on genuine balloon twists. Thus I do not recommend it if you want to learn how to twist the design.
The app does not work very well on my Samsung Galaxy S4 with the image only covering a quarter of the screen
was mostly happy with this until it stopped displaying all the bits i painstakingly pieced together for my widget. after installing some update yesterday, it now says it will only display two bits unless i buy the pro version. if the weather information would actually work and the date would display as i set it up, i'd buy the pro version in a heartbeat. otherwise, i'll search for something else. too bad...
I have used other weather widgets and they were able to display weather information, but this widget only showed the time.  The other 'bits' never updated.This app has great promise but unfortunately it failed to deliver.  I say give it a shot and if it works for you, great, but I can't give a good review to an app that does not work on my device.
This free version says it's the same as the paid version for your first 2 weeks, but when I tried to add a shortcut it said that's only available in the paid version. A waste of time.
if was fun for a few minutes, then it started to reapeat itself. I am about to uninstall this thing now.... don't waste your time, so don't get it
l can not bleveve I got this stupid app! a of space, and it is still instaing to this very day .by
This app can be really funny but it just said I'm a young Adolf Hitler. WTF!?!? This app is really mean. Its bad for kids.
Didn't like it. It does what it says but in a complicated way I just think there could have been an easier way
Uninstalled the product. Not what I expected of the program. Found other comparable programs, but I am sure the program will serve a good purpose for someone who needs a program of this type.
This app only does basic opperations doesn't work for algebra or anything. don't like this app at all. It is BAD unless you want to add
I don't have much to say about this app.  It is difficult to navigate.  Just the simple task of adding a catagory was impossible.  I'm uninstalling it.
This app had all the right things until you try to load your info. It then locks you out at 20 entries (so if you are setting up your repeating bills, you're done before you even get into the meat of the app). After you have met the limit of 20, the app sends you to a "donation" site where you can pick an amount that you are willing to donate via your paypal account. Needless to say, this little feature not only doesn't work, but you can't even unlock more data. Too bad, this looked like a good app to start with.
I haven't figured out the rules of this game so am not happy yet.  Let you know later.Better explanations would help.  Give me time.
it's blah. bored of it after ten minutes. only story line mode worked and even then it won't let you advance.
Don't care for this type of Bingo. No instructions on how to play. It was not much of a challenge. Couldn't understand what was a Mission that they talked about at the beginning.  DELETED
There are no instructions or a help option. It was not a fun game. There were no instructions in the games description either.
Downloaded to see weather radar. Shows map of the Hawaiian islands but no radar picture. Worthless for my purposes.Didn't check maps for other areas since I don't live anywhere else.Using Kindle Fire HD.
I tried it a few times & then deleted it from my Kindle Fire. There was a wide area on the left side of the screen that hid all the important info. It irritated me so I got [...]. I have gotten used to it and like it's setup.
The new upgrade was a step backward. The interface is ugly and too crowded. Please go back to your prior layout.
Nice design but the temperature in my town was always off - by a lot! Often 5 to 10 degrees or more.
I didn't really like this app. It just wasn't what I was looking for. So I uninstalled it a picked a different one.
accuweather shows my &quot;location&quot; several miles from where I am. I want to know what to expect here, not a couple of vallies over. weatherbug locator is so accurate, it shows where I am on my lot. disappointing.
Before this was changed to the GUI (Graphical User Interface) ,  it was much betbetter. Sometimes new is  just not better. It has been updated for advertising quick &#34;at a glance&#34;. My preference is improved radar and tabular data, not the  advertising. The ads detract from the finished product.
I hate apps that beg me to rate them every time I open them. So there. I gave you 2 stars. Are you happy now?
I loved the previous app.  It was my go-to weather,but I am not happy with the update.  It has too many unneeded graphics that take too long to load.  I loved the ease of getting the radar on the previous app.  I have actually thought about removing the app,  but am waiting to see if they fix the mess they created first.  Please repair this mess!
It seemed. To use a lot of data. I'm restricted on data use. Was not happy with the app. Usless
Old USAF WX OBS. One of the better apps out there. Four out of five stars. .may rate higher after some extended use.
On kindle fire everytime I try to open the app it forces close!! From what I have seen I liked it. Guess I need to find a new one.
This new app has great options, but none of the videos or animated maps work on droid razr. Commercials play of course.
App didn't seem up to the minute.  It had too much of a looking at a tv and had too much information crammed into a small tablet format. I went back to weather bug.
My wife has the old AccuWeather on her kindle and I have the new upgraded version on mine. The temp reading on hers reads 52 degrees and mine reads 75 degrees even after refreshing and after 15 minutes.
Why?????? This was perfect. The first thing I looked at every morning!  Thanks for the 'down'date. Time to shop around for a new weather app.  Seriously........
I loved this app till the update. Used it all the time and loved to read the weather articles .  App crashes when I try to view the maps on my android phone and the maps lock up my kindle fire forcing me to reboot.  uninstalled on both devices till problems are fixed.
Most recent update took a very good app and crapafied it. Maps don't work on either phone (one jelly bean, one ice cream sandwich) or my tablet (Nexus 7). Seems like the app doesn't even realize that it isn't running since the only display from the animated maps that displays anything is the legend and the time loop.
i downloaded this app but never had the opportunity to use it because it never worked. so i just deleted it
Ok app but new version full of bugs.  Maps won't expand. Cant customize views.  Canr complain too much since it is free but i doubt if ill keep it on my device
No way to adjust transparency.  Satellite image is an option in the menu but does nothing...stays on radar image.  I was hoping for more...
I compare the weather forcast from AccuWeather with underground weather or my outside thermometer and it does not make sense.  Radio says 44 degrees, underground says 45 degrees, it feels cold and accuweather say 65 degrees.  Something is not quite right.
ok app but not as accurate as I was hoping it would be. There are better apps out there which are more accurate
app was great, everything was accurate worked well... then after a recent update it cannot run for more than 5 Mins on my fire before it force closes.... annoying
New slide screen has way too much info &amp; is too small to read all that. Graphs are not interesting or helpful (and way too small). Outdoor Conditions - why tell me &quot;You wish there was more wind&quot;? Give me data, not your guess at my opinions! Radar is still the most useful, but now takes much longer to find and load.
I travel for work and liked using this app to plan what to pack. Since installing the upgrade, it has stopped working at times and is harder to navigate. Accuracy is good when it is available
Old version was more pleasing to the eye. I liked layout much better. I looked forward to reveiwing weather. I am searching for another weather app.
used to depend on this app. then they changed the appearance to a weird narrow format.  might be okay on a phone but seeing 1.5 screens on kindle is stupid. need to revisit their mobile optimization.
great app most of the time, but sometimes travels back in time.  Was fine earlier today, but now 2weeks old forecasts display.  Tried force close and reopen to no avail.
I haven't started to look at the details of this app yet except to notice that it doesn't seem to know where Allentown PA is. I have selected Allentown as my first location but the marker is always on Pittsburgh PA and I can't move the marker to Allentown. Anyone else having a similar problem and how did you solve it?I have always preferred to use Accu-Weather but this is frustrating.
after entering 2 locations just fine, i can't enter any more.  tried what earlier reviewer mentioned and it still doesn't work.  otherwise, it's great.  but i want easy access to multiple locations.
I'm sitting here on my covered deck in the rain. The temperature is correct, but the little detail of moisture has been overlooked. It actually pouring, and not one speck of green shows on the radar map. In fact, it states foggy and cloudy in the forecast. Maybe the fog got overloaded with moisture? I do not care for the radar aspect of this app, it is clunky to use  and obviously inaccurate. There is no indication of rain anywhere near me. There are much better radar systems out there,perhaps an update is needed.
do not upgradeREALLY Hate the layout, graphs and the MANY other  things on the last update.  Way to busy, hard to see and understand. put it back asap or I'm shopping for another wx app.  you aren't that great for me to waste time deciphering your app every time I open it.
Why did you change this.  I was quite happy before you update.  Not its to much info I dont need
calling for high wind....this blows.  not User friendly and inaccurate.  its 2012...come on now.  I do not recommend.  my 4 yr old can look at the sky at predict with greater accuracy.
it messed my kindle fire up. but if it says you need to redownload an app because of an unknown error check the date and time.
: i enjoyed the app before the most recent upgrade. i don't like the layout or design of the new verson as much as the old one
You can't fix the time on the app to make it rightClock is giving the wrong time always.You can't adjust the time to fix it
For about 1 year it has worked well. Now for the past few months I have had nothing but issues. It often won't load and it does not keep my location. I have uninstalled and reinstalled but it still doesn't work.
It works, but it is slow, cumbersome and not very intuitive.  I find this especially true when using it on my Kindle.
I loved the old look, hate the new.  Definitely reduced my overall impression.  What on earth were they thinking?  Oh...they weren't!
Its a messy app. Shows enough information about the weather. Ads are at the bottom so it's out of the way but still bugs me.
The old was much easier to navigate. When in the portrait screen, only half the temperature is shown in the square in the upper right of the app on my Kindle Fire. My vote is for the old AccuWeather.
A former good app which is now a poor one. Need to redo this one. Look at old app and use it to guidance.
The app is ok if all you want is today's weather, but it doesn't seem to have the functionality of WeatherBug app. Sorry about that, but what can I say? I went back to weatherbug.
The AccuWeather alerts are great -- on time, accurate, and allowing (if necessary) direct access to web updates and further info.But the App itself shows so much info laid out so oddly that just checking what the temp will be later in the day becomes a frustrating task.
I liked this app a lot better before the recent redesign.  The display is cluttered and it runs slowly. Old version was perfect. This is so so.
app is now cumbersome, slow and not User friendly since upgrade. will stop using app! Please give us back the last version.
I got a message that my &#34;old&#34; version of AccuWeather needed to be replaced, so I did.  What I had was a nice widget that gave me what I needed - time and temperature with a nice picture.  Thanks to this &#34;you need to replace AccuWeather&#34; message, I don't have that anymore - I have a big hole in my screen replaced by an icon that has to be opened to get the information I used to just have without opening anything.The app itself works fine...including the annoying weather alerts, so this review is more of a protest against what I was told to get rid of and not getting something similar to replace it.
This is a nice app but it needs screen rotation to work well on the Kindle Fire. I keep the plug end at the top or side. This app currently does not rotate to accommodate different screen orientations.
I loved this app before the upgrade. Now looking to replace this app to something more like it was before...which makes me sad. :-(
It was confusing to set up personal locations at first, and I really only used it to check the weather for the day or week, and for any trips out of town. I stopped using it for merely a few weeks, but it was already due for an update. When it finished, I had to keep putting in my locations. It constantly did that to the point where I used the app so infrequently it was too much effort and the updates took too long when all I wanted was to check weather.
I am new to touch screens. This weather app gives the weather but only up dates every 15 minutes. It can not show looping on the radar.
Since this app was updated I haven't been able to look a radar maps.  Old app was much more user friendly. Uninstalled.
It was a great app at first but then the map would not show up anymore so you could not view radar which is the main reason for it as an app. in the end I was disappointed
This guy froze up my kindle fire HD and scared the daylights out of me !  Wow.  Had to remove it right away to get everything else moving again !
the radar is poor! when it loops it goes on and off cant ever tell were its going its very poor!
This app has a lot of cool features, but I am on a kindle fire and every time I tap on ANY of them I get an error message about my Internet connection - which is completely fine. Fix that cheese, thanks.
This app worked half the time and the other half was updating.  It would give me weather in my location and every day I used it, I would have to reset it.  Don't download, it's not worth the hassle.
This app worked great at first and I would have given it five stars- until it stopped working. Lately I will open the app and before anything even loads there is a pop-up that has you &quot;force close&quot; because it is not loading. I am going to get a new weather app and delete this one.
Works only when it wants to. removed it after about 2 weeks. i suggest looking for other app. bad dog!
I had this application for three months and found that it looked good and was very helpful. However, at least half of the time it crashed when it opened. I won't keep an unreliable app. Uninstalled.
I don't use it a whole lot. It was kind of a hassle to set up in the beginning. I don't think I would recommend it to anyone.
I prefer the Weather Bug app since it seems to work a little better IMHO (is free too!) and is &#34;approved by Amazon.&#34;
I thought it was something I would use and didn't find it to be of any interest.  Others may like it.
My home location is not located correctly on the map.  I have tried several times to contact anyone that could address and MOVE it to the correct position.  SAVANNAH Georgia is not North of Atlanta!!  Cannnot determine how to delete it either!
The app is slow and ad filled. The app could be so much better, cleaner, and faster but if you have patience, you'll be able to get the weather data you crave. The radar maps are so slow to load and it takes a few seconds to zoom in and out. This could be an awesome app but AccuWeather lets us down.
The app provides adequate information.  However, my eyes are not what they once were and had I known how small the print is I never would have downloaded it.  Other than that, it's fine.
I have this app on my smart phone and don't have an issue with this shortcoming, but I also installed on mt Kindle Fire.  I use my fire in &#34;landscape&#34;, on a case/stand.  I have to rotate my kindle to use this app.  The Weather dot com app rotates just fine.  I removed the accuweather app.
The display is nice to look at but the weather is inaccurate. I compare it to the weather channel app and it is always off, I wouldn't mind it it was telling me it was colder than it is and then I was pleasantly surprised but it tells me its going to be warmer than it is, and so I'm always disappointed :(
The weather map freezes my Kindle when it is in motion. This is especially true when changing the size of the map.
Does not rotate when you rotate your kindle. Otherwise decent but not impressive. I have a better app on my BlackBerry.
I find it annoying that this app has only a single screen orientation and  is incapable of reorienting itself as the device rotates.  I use it on a Kindle, and it is always upside down (due to the way the cover opens).  I have no other app with this limitation.
I have been using this app for a few years and it was great.  With this new update all I get are lockups and application not responding messages. I think the app is trying to do too much.
It doesn't work on my Kindle HD for some reason.  I turned off the automatic locator so I think this may have something to do with it.  I love accuweather and use it on my pc rather then weather dotcom but I'm very disappointing in their app.
Works at some point. It's so slow you need to tap 'wait' for the app several times before it comes up. It's too painful to use. Find better programmers. It's only a weather app. There are better alternatives. Fail.
I am sure someone worked really hard to change this ap, but now it is so user unfriendly I will be uninstalling. Where are the easy shortcut icons that were at the bottom of the screen? Why is the radar map not responsive? If I can find a way to revert to the older version I will keep the ap, but if not I am discarding the new version.
I like the app...except...it loads upside down if the Lock is not on.  Other than that, it is a good weather app.
I think I would like this IF I could figure out how to change the location. I added one when I was on vacation and can't change back. I can't see where to make one location the default either. I'm considering deleting and reinstalling where I'd have only one location.
Eats battery it starts on its own.Each time i check it has restarted I only want it runnign when I choose not all the time.also asks for access to to many features.
Once you look at a city and choose to deleted you cannot. You get to keep it in your list forever but that makes looking for your information more challenging. Since I travel a lot I like to have the city I'm going to on my Kindle. I simply don't need all of them on the list. The info seems to be good otherwise.
I downloaded this app a few days after I received my device. It worked very well for a month. It provided accurate and detailed forecasts. Then, a few days ago, it stopped working. It would shut down quickly after I opened the app. I uninstalled it, but I think that goes without saying.
Does not offer me what I'm looking for in a weather site. Needs greater view of current weather and forecast.
this program doesn't do as I thought it would. The radar could be updated sooner then 15 minutes.,......,....,............,other than that it works better then weather channel app.
Since this is brand-name among Internet forecasts, I ordered it.  Much preferred WeatherBug's features and ease of use.  I deleted Accuweather after a short test drive.
Kindle Fire...App works great on my Fire... hangs up on my wife's Fire.  Uninstalled but app will not reload.  Have reset her Fire N +1 times but no difference! Both Fires running identical OS version...  BUMMER!!
Downloaded it and found it to be not as good as other weather apps available.  Would recommend Intellicast weather app.
Poor product that locked up several times. Since we live in what most consider a rural area the information on weather updates was not that good
I hit the wrong town and I can't delete it. I will have to delete the app!!! This makes me very sad!!!
I have to say I really limed this app BEFORE the updates.  I just don't care for the changes.  I think ill be searching for a new weather app.
I didn't like it so much, I deleted it from my kindle. I do not recommend this app. I like the weather channel app.
Recently updated the ap and don't like it as much. Too much info on page and colors of screen look washed out. Why change something that had been a 5 star ap? Bad move.
I like the previous version better. it had the tabs on the bottom for whatever forecast you wanted including radar. This version is very Bland!!!!
Initially I had few qualms with Accuweather for Android on Kindle Fire. The weather is accurate, the app interface is utilitarian and the price is free. After the last update something must have gotten messed up. The app would force close almost everytime I used it.  Despite force closing it, it would still run in the background. Last but not least I was able to deduce it was slowing my Kindle down (it was the only one force closing). My Kindle Fire became slow, the screen unresponsive and the experience overall...laggy. After uninstalling this app, my Fire was fast and responsive again. Good thing too- I was ready to use my warranty and swap it out for a new one.Install this app at your own risk. If you encounter similar problems, uninstall and/or wait for an update.
I use accuweather on my desktop &amp; laptop computers all the time.  I love the browser bar addons for Firefox &amp; Chrome.  I'm a big fan of Accuweather &amp; recommend to people all the time.  One of the 1st apps I installed on my new Fire was Accuweather.  I wanted to love this app.  I've been disappointed in it's performance.  I find it very glitchy &amp; unreliable.  It screws up the cities settings on a regular basis &amp; frequently locks-up &amp; crashes, requiring a forced shutdown.
doesn't update when I set it too. its just constantly on or wont turn on. needs a percentage chance for when its gonna rain instead of just a temp and a pic. I mean come on sometimes I need to know if it might rain or there's def gonna be a down pour.
I had a terrible time setting it to my area of the country. What should have been simple, is far too complex with nothing to guide you.
I understand the developer wanted to make the widget resize better, and it does that, but I miss the current Real Feel being displayed on the home screen.  Also, I think having the forcasted temps showing on the home screen is confusing.  I simply want to know the current temp adjusted for wind at a glance.  If I want or need to know more, I can click through, but 9 times out of 10, I just need current conditions.
I love it it is the best app you can see the weather at any time you can also have a great time
Used to be my favorite weather app. Update has made it nearly unusable.  Difficult to navigate, difficult to find desired imformation and awkward UI.
I got a New kindle and brought my apps down to it and found this app had changed.  Not changed for the better.  The old version was easier to use and looked so much better.  I will likely buy a different weather app to replace this now.  I would guess that most of the positive reviews were from the older version.  This new version is too busy and doesn't give me quick view that I like and want.
I was very happy with this app until they changed the UI a couple months ago. Now I find the interface ugly and inefficient. I have to scroll two screens to get to an extended forecast. And there's too much unnecessary fluff now. Really--what's my respiratory health got to do with the weather? And statements like &quot;It's colder than what you'd like&quot; are pointless. You don't know what I like.I'm going to switch to the Weather Channel app and see if it gets to the point a little more quickly.
A city unfamiliar to me popped up as my home location. How can it be deleted? I can't find directions.
write up claims an update every 15 minutes but as I currently look at the forecast it has been 50minutes and still no update.
This app defaults to hourly, not daily weather, even if you choose daily--&amp; they don't give the temperature in the hourly-- the most useful data.  Worse, they MAKE you choose an outdoor activity for them to tell you daily how the weather is suited for that.  I cannot physically participate in any of the listed activities, but had to close.  So now, w the weather every day, I'm told how it's suited for do-it-yourself activities--the activity I chose as least odious.  Honestly.  Feels very amateurish.
Different on the 9 inch and 7 inch.  Maybe an update.  More like a downgrade.  Whoever did this should be canned.  Now I need to find another weather app.  Don't waste your money.  You will get the same from the free app.
The stars have it. I don't like it. It was all I used, but, no longer. Both my wife and I no longer use AccuWeather from Amazon. The app went over the top for me.  I'm not a professional weather person. Too much information and info split in pages on Kindle, no not easy to use and OVERWHELMING.  Hey, what's the temp, what's the day going to be like, and the same for the next few days, that is all I need.
it didnt have the option or the info i needed, biggest problem was its weather was based on the major airport of the big city. thats over 40 miles away and 1500 feet lower . that makes the difference from cloudy to freezing.
This is a nice way to check your local weather, however, it keeps updating what appears to be constantly!  Which means if you are having wifi problems with your Fire, this app will only make things worse.  I didn't need to know what the temperature was every few seconds and I didn't need additional problems with the wifi connection so I deleted it and things got better with the wifi.
Great user interface, great graphics, BUT displays our town (and doppler activity) 20 MILES SOUTH OF ACTUAL CORRECT PLACE! How strange is that? Haven't found a better-looking app, but can't stant the skewed locations.
I don't like this weather app. It didn't give me maps and it want me to see weather for Boston. Really I live in wisconsin
It stopped working a while ago, usually it won't let me even put in the zip code so you're stuck at that start screen.  Even if I get it in, it's unstable and won't run.  Not sure what changed, but I've done all I can to make it work on my Kindle Fire, but no go.  Uninstall/reinstall/reboots, you name it, it didn't work.
This app is so annoying. About every time u try 2 c what the temp is it says it's not responding. Very annoying.If u update it it only force closes sometimes. on kindle fire dat is Ps those peeps dat just do hdvhdbb 4 their reveiw are obnoxious.
I really didn't care for this app as it didn't seem to be very accurate in predicting the weather or even telling me what the weather is at the present time.  I have since deleted this app from my Kindle Fire.
The app structure makes you tap too often.  Basic data like wind speed and gusts is not on the top level but cutesy things like outdoor sports are.  In order to see a weekly forecast, you gotta tap,tap,tap...  the data is all there but the presentation sucks IMO  If I wanted to tap furiously,I'd launch a browser and then likely just go to NOAA site.
I'm suddenly experiencing very high data use for this app for my UK Galaxy S. I've been using this app for a year without noticing a problem. It's used 9.2MB of 3G, and 10.9MB of WiFi in the last 24hours, I've hardly gone into it, just the widget running same as always.Uninstalling I think.
Would be nice if it could figure out where you are automatically using GPS.  Need to manually set and configure just about evrything.  They should take a look at Weather Bug, which is what I will stick with.  At least Weather Bug knows where I am and what the weather is.
I have this app on Kindle &amp; Android phone. Very comprehensive information but SO SLOW to load with latest update.
I don't know what happened to the application I downloaded in November but you've changed it and it's more detailed but doesn't work with Kindle Fire anymore.
I don &quot;t see this as an upgrade. The older version had larger, clearer, graphics. I was able to check the weather without using glasses. I don &quot;t need a graph of highs and lows especially when I must use glasses to see the information on the axes. I also find the outdoor exercise notation contradictory : on a day with a high Ozone warning it said outdoor exercise was a great idea. Is there a way I can go back to the unupgraded version?
I really loved this app before the latest update. They totally changed the app and now it takes forever to load and uses about 15mb of memory - the original used 6.7mb. Very disappointed in this app now. I'm looking for a new one.
Although this purports to be accurate, it has been way off for weeks.  It has forecast storms when radar (over my home location) shows nothing within miles.  Last night it was showing fair, barely cloudy weather even while it was vigorously storming outside.  Even allowing for the lag in update timing, it couldn't have been further off.  The radar maps are marginally useful, but only just barely.
there often is a 45-60 minute delay with the displayed temperature. not good. you. want the readings up to date.
You blew it. I used to like this app even though it froze on my Kindle Fire if I moved too fast causing me to reboot.
Lame. Why pay to get weather reports when you can get it for free on tv. Not to mention most the time you are connected to internet, you are probably at home. Plus its so plain. Not even worth the dollar.
I do not like the updated version of this app because it takes too long to load and when you try to scroll it has to keep updating. I prefer instant info. The weather channel app is much better.
This app is very slow, it might b my phone but all the other apps I have r not anywhere near this slow.
This App is too hard to use.  It is difficult to change to the various screens within the application.  At times the app just ends send me &#34;back&#34;....
worked fine for a while,now it just crashes. have to uninstall and find another weather app for my fire. I liked it when it worked.
this used to be a good app, but over the years they have added too many confusing features. wish they'd go back about a year...
The weather reports are accurate (as weather reports go)however the app forces close all the time to the point it is very difficult to use
It gives the information, but not without ever-present, annoying, movement-dominated ads that are &#34;in your face&#34;; I find the Weather Channel far easier to use and without the annoying intrusions of ads.
The latest update looks awful on the Kindle Fire.  The old format was colorful and clear, whereas the new format is bland and busy.  I'm going to start looking for a new weather app.
Do not like the layout. I like the current temp, but if I wanted to look at other data I would select another screen. This has the info, just not the presentation.
I hate the new screen. It's too busy and I liked the hour by hour temp and precipation info on the old one.
Was fine until they lost transmission; did not return within a few days so am deletiing it. Kept saying it would be fixed but was not.
I loved this app until it started crashing. It worked wonderfully for a while. I've uninstalled it for now until they get it working on the Kindle Fire. I'm using a different app that is inferior, but at least it works.
Great app but the ommission of standard landscape orientation support is a deal breaker. Makes the experience poor and app low quality.
The new upgrade sucks IMO. Go back to the less cluttered simple app. I just a simple fast weather app. Good bye AccuWeather .
Doesn't come close to locating me. Uninstalled. It would be close, but I rely on an accurate weather forecast/radar summary.
Right now it's 81 out &amp; Accuweather says it's 64. Weatherbug has it right and this isn't the first time this has happened.
This version is overkill! I liked the previous one very much. I don&rsquo;t need all the videos and the hourly forecasts. I use to go to the previous one all the time but now I go to The Weather Channel one more than this.
There is a band of snow moving through the area.  It shows up on my weatherbug app radar on my smartphone, but it does not show up on the AccuWeather radar.  I would expect to see the band of snow on the radar when it is snowing outside my house.
I tried to like this app, I really did. What good is a weather app if you can't get the maps to load without force closing and reopening the app? It's just not terrific.This is on a Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 GT-P3113.
I DID NOT LIKE THIS APP THE WEATHER WAS NEVER RIGHT AND IT DIDN'T GIVE YOU MUCH INFORMATION ON STORMS.
keeps running in the background even when no alerts are setup slowing down my kindle. other than that looks good. presents too much info most of time. an optional lighter interface would be nice.
This app doesn't work correctly on the fire. You can enter the city but it never gets any father than that.
The AccuWeather app is okay. But it was continuously updating itself (weekly?). Having 5 locations I was watching I got really tired of putting them all in weekly, and just uninstalled this.
The app looks nice...but no need to always have running. It also automatically chooses the wrong city...obscure ones at that. It would be nice if it could only keep itself straight. 2 stars for the look and feel. Quite disappointed with all the other issues. Uninstalling...
Although the interface is okay, my two main gripes with this app are that it NEVER show the maps or overlays on my Galaxy Nexus and that I have to let it sit for about 10 seconds when I start it because it's too busy trying to update everything for display. It's also notorious for setting off Watchdog as an app that takes up a significant amount of resources when it's active, no doubt because of the previous issues above.Although WeatherBug has its own issues to deal with, but at least it's quick, responsive, and gives me information I want by touching an icon instead of scrolling through several windows.  And at least WeatherBug's radar display WORKS.
Far too ad driven and it alarms far too often.
I took a quick look at it and I was more comfortable with the Weather Channel app that I have used before.
as compared to others it is not accurate all the time. not enough info is presented that I would like.
This app is good for current conditions only. Accuweather does not know how to forecast. A day before the Blizzard of 13, it said 2 to 4 inches of snow for me in Southern Maine. For the record, we got 36&quot;. Need I say more?
Don't like this app anymore since the big update. Too many clicks to see basic stuff. I will only keep this as a back up.
why did u have to go &amp; make the app so complicated? epic fail! I will be looking for a new weather app.
This app had been great until it updated a few days ago now there is no radar and the tools have disappeared.
The new updated interface is cluttered, badly formatted, and difficult to navigate. I miss being able to see extended forecast at a glance. I uninstalled after the update.
Was an ok app; got me the info I needed but not amazing. After the most recent updates it now crashes all of the time. Will be trying some others out now and not coming back.
I didn't like this one.  It was too cumbersome and didn't give me the info I was most interested in easily. I finally deleted it and went with the free NOAA weather map app.
If it were not for the irritating, blinking advertiser on the main page ... I would rate this app more highly.  Good and concise info at your fingertips! Get rid of annoying blinking stuff that parades as something integral to the weather app, only to find that it is one of those data mining take-this- survey crap. Puhleeese... I may get rid off this app and try something else if I can't get this blinker off of the page....
Wasn't anything too special. The weatherchannel app is better and has more options and probably more reliable. This app wasn't bad, but it is just kind of hard to compete with such a big name like weatherchannel
YOUR local temps are really way off so I'm supposed to believeYour forecasts?  I'm dumping this to try another app
temperature consistently reads 5-7 degrees lower than real temp.  checked against other apps, sites, my car, and outdoor thermometer.  location 11730.
works sporadically at best.the location function stinks. would not recommended to android users. wish there were more weather application to choose from.
This used to be my go-to weather app. I still use it more t h an any other, but recent updates have driven down usability. It is harder to get to what I use most (extended forecasts, radar, switching between cities) quickly. The final straw that led to this review was launching the app only to be taken immediately to a video forecast. That's not what I want. The developers might think that's a feature. In reality, for me, it's the kind of bloat that led me to abandon (mostly) the Weather Channel's app and website. I am close to looking seriously at better options than this once again.
What an incoherent mess! I much preferred the simplicity of the old version. This one is too busy with tiny little black and white graphics.  Not obvious how to move from one day to the next. As I am looking at the daily forecast at 11:30 pm what is labeled as &quot;today&quot; looks like it is actually tomorrow but there is no way to tell for sure.
This app was great before the update.  Too cluttered, too hard to navigate.  None of the videos shows the time it was made anymore so I can't tell if it's recent or hours old.  Bring back the videos with the long range forecasts (Abrams, Margusity, etc.).  Those were the best!!!
its just easier to check the weather on weather.com Do not try to be mean but i guess is just simpler
Requires manual intervention to update.Old version updated automatically.  when updated it works great. Please fix this bug. or help me figure out what is wrong.
I have had this app 7 months and just now deloped problems updating, so I contacted Customer Service.  &quot;Kat&quot; responded and said they couldn't reproduce the problem.  No sugestions.  No concern.Uninstalled.  Wasted THIS relationship!
this app doesn't stay current on my kindle.  for example:  its 1030pm right now but it is still giving me the afternoon temperature as the current weather.  there's something wrong with the clock that it doesn't update the time of day.
This ap would not work on my Kindle fire. It may have been something that I did. But I just gave up trying to use it.
Every time I went to use it slow in coming up and downloading of information.  I am sorry the few times I used it was very informative, and good screens, just had issues with it taking so long upon using it.
Loved the simple easy to use app until the update. just wanted a quick look not a fully detailed weatherman report.wish I could undo the update.
I changed the location to see the weather somewhere else.  Now I cannot change back or delete that other location.  Annoying.  I am going to delete this app.
Does not work nearly as well as other weather apps. Not as visually pleasing, poorer widgets, and generally a bit more basic. Rooted Dell Streak just to remove this and other useless apps that were preloaded.
I've used this app for some time, and was pleased with it. However, after the last update, I dont care for it as much. The at-a-glance screen design used previously was much better, and told pertinent information more clearly. I dont like I the graphs and such on this interface. Also, on my first generation Kindle Fire, some of the graphs are off screen and to the right. The menus are not as intuitive, etc...The app is professionally done, but the update was misguided. I wonder if the app interface was made to look more like iOS7 and a &#34;flat design&#34; look. In any event, the old interface was better.
This is accurate but the print is way too small and mayne too much information. Just wanted current weather and maybe a 3 day forecast
I installed this app 2 weeks ago. In that 2 weeks the temp was never correct. Yesterday when the temp dropped 25 degrees in an hour the app. never even dropped a degree. When I refreshed it, it still didn't adjust. Today was the final annoyance, it had an ! that indicated severe weather alert...clicked on it to see what it was and it said, there are no alerts for your area at this time...REALLY!! uninstall
I liked this app better before the upgrade.  The screen print is smaller and more cluttered looking.  I really don't want to see all the videos, I just want a fast, simple way to check the weather in the morning; just radar, temp, and forecast.
I used this app on my HTC Eco 4g without complaint. I got my new HTC One and now the radar maps show nothing. Blank screen. Might just have to find another app. BTW, I use a weather app everyday.
I liked the way this app was set up, but started noticing that our neck of the woods seemed neglected. When a storm moved in and other sites suggested a 40% chance of precipitation - this app gave us no chance. I started to think that we were being skipped over due to the fact that we are usually pretty dry and are four hours from any major city. I think this app is put together ok, but am disappointed by the way our forecasts were presented, being a rural, relatively arid region. If you are in a big city with interesting weather, you will probably like it, though.
this was an easy app to use until it was upgraded. if you have trouble reading very small print- don't get this app. no way to increase font size
The old layout was 100 times better. Please fix this.  If the layout isn't changed I will never use the accuweather app again.
I can deal with the ads in a free app, but to offer me ads based on my location is beyond acceptable. This app is way too nosey. Uninstalling immediately.
Downloaded but never installed. Can anyone day why requests so many permissions? Make phone calls and send email to my contacts? Seems unnecessary.
App is very slow loading. It does freeze up from time to time.  Does have a lot of features which may be the reason it's so slow.  If you don't mind the long wait, it's a good app.
App not intuitive.  I have the kindle fire hdx 7&amp;#34; and the touch controls work poorly with this app setup.  Swiping is difficult.  Update it or delete it, AccuWeather.
Would like to have it but within 10 seconds it crashes. Time to uninstall.  Ten starts, ten crashes. Don't bother to download.
the time for where I live at was not correct. heck the time on my kindle fire was wrong so I fixed that in which it was a hour off. so the time for this app,which was a hour off. also was then 20 min fast.
It's OK but Weather Postings are better
I couldn't get this app to work so it was useless to me. I was hoping for something similar to the Weather Bug app I have on my phone.
I liked what it was giveing me but kept crashing so I couldent use it. but if it was stable it looked great.
Doesn't measure up to other weather apps.  Not much information and not organized well.  If you want the best try Wunderground and of course also NOAA.
This app cannot find my location on my Kindle Fire HDX.  I tried everything, I even tried what another customer said worked for them but this app still cannot find my location. Would be nice if Accuweather would fix this bug or come up with an app for the Kindle Fire HDX that is compatable with its location based service.
I like the amount and types of information presented in the app, but it's layout is very annoying on a tablet. It's more suited to a phone's smaller screen.
I like a lot about this app. But I would like it a lot more if it didn't crash all the time.
Using a kindle fire the AccuWeather app is always showing up as an ongoing update but it goes hours and HOURS without updating! By 11 am the weather has changed dramatically from 7 am and I don't want to be seeing that little &quot;1&quot; up in my upper left corner like it's a current update. False advertising! Also, there are no past year averages or highs or lows. Very disappointed. Changing back to The Weather Channel after 2 weeks trial with AccuWeather.
The new update is terrible. The old version was a perfect weather app that was simple and easy to view. Now it is an confusing mess.
I don't like the new format. It's very bland and lacking in information. I assume all the info is still there somewhere, but I can't find it. All the weather icons look the same in black and white outline drawings, rather than the old color icons. I'm not sure what has been taken away, but i used to get a lot more use out of this app.
I never get to see precipitation numbers for the.day or the month.  It seems like I only get half of the weather report.
First off, there's no control for the dock display so I guess it picks some location near me as good enough.  Then maybe the temp on the pulldown menu matches the tool, maybe not.  Just now, it gave errors trying to refresh data.  Kinda sad...
the original was much better with easier navigation for the screens that one desired. the original had the screens right there instead of flipping around to find the right one.
Every 3 days it crashes. I must put in my locations every 3 days it seems because app has crashed. I can hardly use the shortcut on my notification page as it does not work either. Free doesn't have to mean crappy product, &amp; this is!!!
the radar did not work when storms were a[pproaching
Before the upgrade it was great.  Now it has a lot of busy info.  I just want the weather.  I liked the color app of before.  It was easy to see.
There is to much going on.  I just want the weather, not a NASA analysis of weather predictions.  I wish I could go back to the old version.
Keep getting error messages that it cannot load! Love app on my phone - wish it worked on my kindle fire hd!
Over all it is good but it does no good if the app wont stay on my current location or at the very least let me set a main location. I think this is a huge oversite.
The old version was much more user friendly. The update is very unorganized. One thing neither version had was the chance of precipitation.
the new format sucks...isn't accurate, EVER....and must be run by monkeys!  &quot;A poor day for outside activity&quot;...followed by...&quot;the temperature is perfect.&quot; WHAT?
This &amp;#34;Kindle version&amp;#34; is the original app written for Android smartphones. It is outdated, simple, clunky and not formatted for the tablets size or form. Take a look at the HD version for iPhone to see how it should look on a tablet. Not sure why the Android army doesn't get the same as the Apple minions...
cant get to hourly forecast.doesnt automatically update, lkke other aps do, you look at it and it was say 78 but when you touch it to update its 68.like other aps much better
I really like a smartphone app for weather called 1weather.  Sadly it does not offer this for iPhone users.  This app is not as versatile and does not allow you to customize the information to be viewed to your particular needs i.e. viewing, area, notifications to mention a few.  Very disappointed.
I did not care for this app due to the lack of instant update.  Each time I check it the time listed was well behind the current time.
this apps is slow. I liked the original app better.  although there is more info I don't care about it.  it loads very slow now. I am looking for a simpler faster weather app.
Even when I hit the refresh button, it does not show me current weather reports.  For example, today is Thursday.  My app has been &#34;stuck&#34; on Monday since Monday morning.  If I select a new location it will be current, but I have to delete my current location and add it back to get today's weather report - even after hitting the refresh button.
This app was much better before the last update. Please bring back the old app it was easier to use and understand.
I don't know why I purchased this because I really don't need it. I have a weather guide already installed, a better one.
I replaced the weather channel app with AccuWeather.  Right away I was distracted by the bottom screen movement with advertisements.  It keeps closing and sometimes it takes awhile to get to the city I want.  I liked the weather channel better but when they changed formats, that didn't work properly also.
Wish it had more substance.  Seems very basic. I use the Internet site instead of this basic app. Hopefully it gets improved in the future.
Widget will not locate places on my phone. Not too impressed. If it would work properly I would recommend to other people.
I got this app to help with weather tracking in a city I was visiting.  This was ok, but to be honest, go to weather.com on your smart phone and get what you need there.I was in a place that  was going to rain soon.  weather.com can tell you the weather change hour by hour.  This AccuWeather app is the same as the feature that comes with my phone.after two uses, I deleted from phone and will not reload.
I really like this app, but almost every tine I look at the radar,  or zoom out on the radar it crashes my kindle fire. I hope there is some update that will fix it..
Hey You  Guys...just give me the weather forecast and stop trying to audition for a stand-up comedy routine o.k. ?
Constantly freezes when in the radar mode.  Can't dom in or out without freezing. Very dissappointed!  Would not recommend.  Wish Amazon would supper Tootle Play so Kindle users could get better apps.
I liked the old layout better. I'm not sure why there was a need to change it. If the app developers desire another update then I suggest going back to what it was because it was easier to read.
Too many things began popping up and I deleted it. It blasted out a warning right in the middle of dinner. Scared everyone. I could not figure how to lower or cut the volume out.
Runs but displays mostly useless data in a bad UI.  In a particularly tacky move, they replace all temperatures on the main views with a trademarked analogue of heat index with no reference points for comparison with actual measurements.
radar causes kindle fire to lock up.  no by hour forecast like weatherbug.  looks nice but I'll wait to see if weatherbug appears in Amazons apps
this weathern app was my favorite until i updated it today. now it's like most others: too busy with non-essential data.i loved it's simplicty before.
I loved it before the latest update. Now it sucks. Hard to follow and find what you need. I am looking elsewhere for something better.
This is a nice app, but it consistently froze and crashed my Kindle Fire.  Hopefully it will be stabalized soon.
Oh kindle Fire, scrolling through the &ldquo;stacked buttons&ldquo; of the detailed 7-day forecast, or of the hour by hour forecast, or of the hourly forecast, is absolutely maddening. A full vertical flick has it move about a twentieth of the screen. So did a slow drag. Unusable. The standard android edition scrolls fine on my two year old Motorola Droid 2, and otherwise appears to be exactly the same.
only the temp at 1 hour increments. There are other free apps out there that give more info that I'd go with
I loved this app until I really started paying attention to the temps it was reporting. Comparing it side by side with the weather channel app and Google weather, accuweather was often significantly different. The app has many great features that I will miss, but I am looking for a weather app that is a little more accurate than accuweather.
POOR radar  satellite maps for tropical Caribbean.  i don't like the weather maps available for tropical weather.  I am not able to see good weather maps for Mexican Belizean Caribbean. areas.
Rated two star for have not been impress with this app. Map part has low quality radar. Again not very impress with this app.
New update is awful.  I'll be changing to a new app as soon as possible.  &quot;If it ain't broke-don't fix it!&quot;
I have way to many crashes and takes forever to load on my generic tablet.  Seems like it tries to load 2 instances running all the time.  Slow to move back and forth between screens locks up continuesly.
the way the weather info was shown previous to it being changed was far better than the current one.  nuff said.
I got this to make it easier than looking up the Yahoo site everyday. However, it is always about 5-10 degrees higher than the Yahoo forecast. I don't see how they are so far off! I am going back to Yahoo forecast.
I wish I would have never updated this app. the old version was way better. probably will remove it now. this one is terrible.
I wanted to see local Fort Worth weather and the result was in all SPANISH.  I don't speak, write, or understand Spanish.  If I chose the English version when I began my Kindle then it should be exclusivly ENGLISH.
Worked well for a while, then started crashing every time I opened it on the Kindle Fire. I went ahead and uninstalled it.
This newer version is nowhere as good and user-friendly as the old one. If there is no decent update soon, I am going to delete it.
It worked nicely for about a week and then.....it blanked out and when it came back gave me Croatia instead of Coral Gables....I am about to cancel it and go for The Weather Channel.........
I think it shows too much info.  It would be better if I could close some of the panes.  It shuts down on its own way too often.  I'll be uninstalling it to find a simpler version.
I've got the NOAA app and this would just be a repeat so I deleted it.  how many more words needed on this?
this app use to be great.  i do not care for it since the up grade.  not a smooth and easy flow any more
I loved this app until the upgrade. now I keep getting &quot;check your network connection&quot; all the time.  My network connection is just fine-- it's the app that needs checking. Why couldn't you leave a perfectly good app alone?
The updated version is horrible. It's not as accurate for my area as the older version was. I am considering uninstalling it and finding a different weather app that is less difficult and more accurate.
This latest update was terrible. Please change it back to the old format. Plus it now crashes all the time.
I do not like this application very much.  I find that it is not very user friendly.  I have to go to may levels to get the information I need.
I gave it the exact zip code of the town I live in and it rarely has the correct weather, the temperatures are from hours previous and it is currently raining outside but the app says its cloudy I uninstalled, don't waste your time
I wish this worked better. It requires far too much fussing with every time I want to use it. One of the other commenters was key to getting this ap to work at all.
okay 1st of all I really don't like it. u have to agree to the terms of use and I don't know about u but I don't trust those things. 2nd to K Foosh or something like that u can uninstall it. I did. so if u want it that's find but don't say I didn't warn u.
Not sure it's really accurate. There are so many times it says a present temperature that I'm positive is way off.A lot of misinformation? I never look at it anymore, thinking of deleting it.
This app was better before it was condensed. They show all the information on one page in such a way that you are not always sure what you are looking at. It used to have little notes on what types of activities were not advisable and warnings, but not anymore. There attempt to streamline it ended in disarray. There have got to better weather apps than this.
And difficult to sift through. maybe some more bells and whistles but getting to the bottom line forecast is a giant pain. it used to be a 4 star app, but now it's a 2 star app. but it's free, so who can complain too much?
Do not like. Too jumbled. Enjoyed news but now can't obtain info. The other was more &quot;friendly &quot; to use.
It hardly ever updates wwhat the weather is for the hour. it will be 9 and the app will be showing me the weather for the day before.
Too few useful options, too many graphics, too confusing, too may ads, too bad.  I was hoping to get more out of this app; so disappointing.  Don't get this one.
This was an awesome weather app until it started crashing and now it wont work at all. I tried reinstalling it but it still does the same thing and wants me to force close. I'm very disappointed...hope they fix it!
I was not impressed with this app.  It just wasn't very good.  I wasn't happy with the graphics or the application as a whole.
I downloaded this app because the Apple version has a &quot;health&quot; section with information on how the weather will impact various conditions (i.e. asthma and arthritis).  Very disappointed this version lacks that information.
I wish I could go back to the version I had before! This one is much slower on my nexus, and some of the local radar views don't work - they just hang. I don't recommend this one - wait 'til they get the bugs worked out. Once they get it better optimized and cleaned up I predict i'll be adding more stars. Hope that is soon.
The description says it updates every 15 minutes. My experience is 45 minutes to an hour. I live on the Gulf coast and even 15 minutes can be long when watching approaching severe storms on radar.
Kindle Fire-This app used to work great. Now crashes constantly.  Re-installed several times...same result.  Hope it's corrected soon. Was my favorite weather app.  What happened?
Asks for too many permissions. Downloaded it but will not install. It will stay up in the cloud unless it is improved.
Accuweather is never accurate unless it is constantly raining or constantly sunny. temp predictions seem to be close. my girlfriend and I are looking at the weather together. her phone says it is storming right now and kindle says it won't do that until 1 pm today. last night at 12 am it said it would rain at 7 am... nope. I am in Yucca, AZ visiting my parents, when it rains here it floods and people get trapped in their cars. it would be nice to know when it is safe to go out and drive!
Mississauga Ontario is being shown as someplace on the north shore of lake superior. That is just wrong.will check more for other errors and will report. Also no obvious quick link to radar maps
app doesn't open everytime! Very frustrating! when it works, its great.... but when it doesn't its a pain...:( I'd give it a &quot;2&quot; out if 5 stars.
i wasn't impressed with this app...at all. it wasn't fast... it's confusing.... it's also very hard to find the thing you want to see....
I don't like the &quot;updated&quot; AccuWeather app. The previous app was great - 1 simple screen with today's weather summary. Now the app is convoluted and I have to dig for the information I want. IMHO they ruined the app.
Down LOAD WAS QUICK AND EASY. tHE PROBLEM WAS YOU CAN'T NAVIGATE EASILY FROM CITY TO CITY.  i THINK aCUWEATHER IS EASIER.
liked the old version better. only keeping this one because I don't like weatherbug. hard to just take a quick look at the current temp.
This app used to be serviceable and somewhat well-organized, but now it is a sprawling mess. Good thing there's other apps oh there.
the app works fine on HTC EVO LTE for current temp and 15 day outlook, but I have had a heck of time loading radar. I am responsible for 26 people ay work and when we have bad weather, I need to be able to see what is going on outside. the radar doesn't work in good weather much less bad. so after 1 month of trying to get this app to load, I'm deleting it. I'm disappointed I paid for it.
after I have it my location it took 20+min to load uninstald after waiting 1hour to find it &quot;loading. please wait &quot; wonder what it was doing with my info.
It seems to suck my battery!  Not as user friendly on Kindle as it is on my Android phone. Go figure....
I open the application, and find a message dancing across the bottom of the screen, Obama has done this, or Obama has done that . .. like he is some sort of fairy godmother.  I find it offensive.  Were it not for the propaganda, I would rate this app highly.
When using the zoom feature this app would lock my Fire.  Nothing will work.  The only fix I have found is letting the battery discharge.  The off n on switch will not work.
App may work on a small screen, but it is very poor for the larger Kindle fire hd. Left blank.
Tries to put too much info on the screen, but does not have the detail on radar that eWeather HD has.
There is a thunderstorm and power is flickering. This says it is just cloudy. I had to look at the radar to see the storm. It used to alert for pending storms but not this one. I fear to trust it since twisters are common here. What a shame. :(@
I used it and it has now frozen my kindle and i am unable to get it to work,  There are some intenseces where it is nice to know what is going on but since I cant get it to work that often Im still in the same boat even before I got this app.
It happened three times.  Everything else is ok, but I don't like the app constantly running. I'm out of here.
constantly asks me to review product then promptly lo ks up my kindle. screams and crys when im not on a data connection. worthless app. paid version may be better. cant zoom on radar map. always runs in background
I used to like this app, but the UI in the latest version is horrid. You have made me switch to the weather.com app
Apps works OK but has heavy battery use.No way to stop auto update feature. Also lots of pop ups. Why do we have to use 20 words if one or two say all that's needed!
this app was great until the latest update. now it takes a long time to load and tends to lock up my fire.
There's no option to set background update frequency. Widget frequently shows forecast of many hours ago.Launching the app triggers an update, but this update takes more than one minute, and fails with high frequency.
i liked the when i first got it but I'm not a fan of the recent updates. please go back to the old format.
This app starts with a closed door and a &#34;clue&#34; taped to the door.  The idea is that there is a woman on the other side of the door who is supposedly gorgeous or hideous and based on the &#34;clue&#34; you must decide to either open the door or skip to the next person.  Opening the door for a beautiful woman scores you points, opening for an ugly woman or skipping to the next person loses you points.  You &#34;win&#34; by scoring a certain number of point.While the &#34;clue&#34; is supposed to clue you in on whether you should open the door or not, it's often useless.  I've opened doors based off the same &#34;clue&#34; and gotten different results, so the connection between woman and &#34;clue&#34; are almost random.  The point system they use is undefined and represented by a bar that either fills or empty depending on your choices.  Finally, while the ugly women are certainly unattractive the beautiful women are average (or plain) with none of them being extremely hot or beautiful.  Several of them are also anime pics which is disappointing since there's plenty of free realm pics of attractive women on the Internet that there should be no reason to resort to cartoon pics.While free, I almost feel like the makers of this app should be paying me for using it.
Test devices:Samsung Epic, Android 2.2 officialViewsonic gTablet, Brilliant Corners (Android 2.2)Girl Next Door is a very basic game app.  Based on the message displayed on the door, you choose to open it or skip to the next turn.  Opening the door reveals a "sexy" girl or something less so.  Find a cutie on the other side and "hottie-ness" meter fills a little.  Get a not so sexy, and the meter drops.  Skipping also causes a small drop.  The game has just over 60 different pics, but there are several that it likes to show over and over.  Sound effects are minimal and boring, as are the graphics outside of the girl/ghoul pics.  Overall, it's mildly entertaining for about 5 minutes, less if you leave the sound on.
its stupid its not even a game it was a waste of my time so don't get it it is stupid
I love to read all these comments I get more of a laugh from them than I do these stupid apps. I have lost faith in the public school system.
i liked it until the computer wouldnt hit it i had a perfect season until this i deleted it twice already.
I don't know if it is my kindle fire or  what, but the touch sensitivity or lack of made it hard to control my game piece.
they made something cool and interesting into something frustrating raging really don't bye this app if u like it I'm sorry cause u have no sense of flippin apps
I found this far too difficult for me to play.  I really enjoy an air hockey table and usually I am pretty good at it.
I loved the game at first. I could not stop playing it. But when I created a team and played a seasonal game, the app force closed and when I went back, my progress was not saved. Do not get this app. There are just too many glitches.
graphics are not great, sounds are crappy,the game lags a lot, and no matter how hard you hit the puck it goes flying. in my.opinion, two stars is being generous.....
I you play solo the game will stall or freeze every time. No problem if two people play against the other.
The game itself was free, and all things free should be good. This game was not. Cheaply graphiced and poorly laid out.
This game is difficult for all the wrong reasons. It looks neat and pretty but the controls are extremely clunky.
disappointed by the game. the kindle moves quicker than i am able to respond to the puck. maybe its just not the game for me
Whenever I play and I'm right in the middle of a game it quits. When somebody's about to win it stops. I just do not like this game.  Signed,LUBBA bubba
kinda slow and hard to control. definitely does not feel like the real thing. but it's fun. I play it on my kindle fire.
probably one of the better apps I have played but sometimes in the middle of a match the oponnent just won't hit the puck and there's nothing u could do about it b/c its on their side. fix it up and it'll be great
Did not like it deleted it the same day need to go back to the drawing board for this game.
I got this app on my kindle fire and liked it but after awhile I started losing control of the game.And then it was like you have to pay for this in order to use it so I would recommend a different one.
This app has potential for greatness, yet it currently falls short of &quot;good&quot;. I constantly have to force close on my kindle fire because the app will not respond. 2 player mode is extremely difficult because the red bumpers do not follow your finger until you try to move the bumper elsewhere, and then it will go to where you had it before. Poor Quality, though it could be great. I'm disappointed.
Ok but the numbers don't match up with the boxes. Kind of dumb, how can you make a game and not have the numbers fit in the boxes?? Kind of confusing to play.
The game works fine except you have to get used to the fact that the numbers do not fit into the squares.
It looks like the app was designed for phones, and does not scale properly when you run it on a tablet.  The alignment is so off that I didn't even want to try to play it.
I had better word games on my basic Kindle than I have so far on the Kindle Fire.  Started this one, and it was apparently really for children (or really, really tired adults...:))Still looking for challenging word games on the Kindle Fire.  I keep downloading childrens games, so I wish they were clearly marked for age.
Does not work on my asus infinity. My kids played this game on a friends Ipad and loved it and my mother had it on her Kindle fire but will not work on anything else.
game is just ok.  not much to think about.  game seems to have come from outside US as some items are called something different than you would guess as an American.  an example escapes me right now but i just remember thinking, "what is that word" for an item that I recognized the picture.Just a litte juvenile.  I was so unimpressed that I forgot I have this game.
Trying to find an independent reader. This one just asks my to sign in to Google reader. I want to be rid of Google reader.
why do all the apps that say they are free not free? I just don't get it. I wanna play a good free rpg game??????
It's really quite simple: the story is good enough to be worth the hour of your time it takes to play the free version, but do *NOT* purchase the &#34;full&#34; version.  There is literally no difference whatsoever.  You still have to wait to play again, you still see the ads, and the unsatisfying ending that entices you to buying the full version is, in fact, the actual ending and there is nothing after that.I am currently seeking a refund--customer service was very quick to respond to my original inquiry but not quite as swift now that I want my money back.  Hopefully, readers will learn from my mistakes and avoid any headaches that invariably ensue after purchasing the allegedly full version.
I've always loved nixi tubes, so I thought this would be kind of cool, but the resolution leaves so much to be desired it's just kind of a blotchy blur.
Looks kind of cool but it can only be run full-screen.  I was hoping for a cool Nixie look to replace my standard home-screen clock and this wasn't it.
This app closes in the middle of playing. At times you have to try and open it 5 times before it works.
My 9 month old daughter will play any game on the kindle fire but does not like this game. She would rather just play Angry Birds, than a game made just for her.
This was semi entertaining. It is a free app so its hard to really give it the worst review, but there just isnt much going on with it.It is a simple screen with piano keys that are colorful. you can add some beats or music to the background and play along with that. and thats the app.My son is 2 months shy of 2 years old and was entertained for a moment by this application. then he lost interest and told me that he wanted to draw instead.I tried to open in again the next day and the application failed. It kept telling me the file was no longer available. I did nothing to delete it in any way and the others that i downloaded at the same time worked fine. it errored out on its second use. I deleted it and wouldnt dream of getting it again.just because some is free does not mean that it isnt a waste of your time.Kids much prefer more ineractive and creative apps.. like drawing.
I gave this app a 2 start rating for one reason. The ads on the app. My tot is always hitting them when he is trying to play. I would love to see an ad free version even if it means paying for it.
Didn't like this piano as much as a couple others ones we have tried, not as much fun.  Keep looking.
It missed a few places that were closer to where I was. My Dad would like more options for it to be better.
the Ak sounds like. a kid in a wood chipper. the flintlock pistoal sound like a smoke bomb the pistoal sounds like a bb gun
I was curious, but not for long. It wore thin pretty quick and I eventually deleted it because there was no use for it.
ughhhh... this app sucks crap. Cs guns is free and soooooo much better. Don't get this app only 7 guns and the sounds are fake. Don't waste ur time on this app.
I don't like that it symmetrically fills in color...that removes creativity from the child, forcing them to conform to the box we are repeatedly placed in. Let them color 1 arm blue and the other orange if they want to.
Some of the info isn't exactly correct.  App is ok, but after reading the content, I'm not sure if i trust it.
While I am unlikely to need this app as I am not into the outdoors, I was interested in reading some of the promised info. However I was unable to read the app due to problems with the app force closing and unstable inconsistent performance.  I uninstall.
I could just as easily google all the info as needed.  Product works.  It just didn't wow me as anything I needed.  Uninstalled it.
Didn't like it, wasn't very informative or good.  Deleted almost as soon as I got it.  Glad it was free.
This looks to be a good informative app, but an explanation of the permissions is necessary before I'm willing to install. Specifically the read or write to system settings permission.
This app could easily be 5 stars if the makers knew how to program.  This app is very buggy, force closes a lot and is in need of a patch.  That being said, the content is great when you are actually able to view it.  Worth about 99 cents in its current state would maybe pay 4 or 5 dollars if this thing work work as intended.  Will update my review when an update to this app is released.
Description made it look like fun but reality is it is a VERYcomplicated game that just is more fustrating than fun. The directions are not very clearand also not that forthcoming , love word games but this one for me is two thumbs down awful
Maybe the appropriate ages should be listed, although some of the words are too hard for younger children, so it really is for adults.  It is just not exciting.  I go back to it occasionally and play one or two games, but wouldn't be upset if I accidentally deleted it.  Would not recommend.
I was looking for a word game that didn't require another player like Words with Friends. This game just was akward to use and I uninstalled it after the first use.
I t was not what I thought it was ..
Not very good app. Over promise, under delivers based on description. May be useful for seasoned xfitters but not for newbies.
You have to buy the pro to get any of the things I wanted to use. Only good for picking WODs
This app worked great for designing the font, but you have to purchase the font. I decided to pay for an app that gave me free access to all fonts created instead.
I wanted to be able to create my own font and export it but this did not allow me to do so.  It was fun creating and I even bought a stylus to help write the font neater.  You can only create thesepostcard pictures to email. Would pay for an app that would allow me to make my own fonts.
It looks cool, but the options for setting up ALI are a pain. Email didn't work, QR code didn't work, needed to be more intuitive.
The app isn't bad, but doesn't measure up compared to other applications for Eve Online. This app is sufficient to see some market data, skills, etc, but doesn't provide much more in quality services. If this was the only option that I had for mobile I would use it, but there are better choices out there.
Ok, that part is gross but even then, there isn't much besides two three steps in every module. There is a real need for a good app in this sphere of teaching etiquette to children but this app stops after a good beginning.
I purchased this product so the washing machine would work.  Still doesn't.  Gets to the point where the clothes are in washer, then nothing.  Tried deleting and re-downloading, same thing.  The other areas function fine.  Had to realize that the toilet paper went in the trash, not the toilet.  Otherwise, cute.
This game is not that entertaining it's actually pretty boring so if I were you I wouldn't get it I think there are some better games no offense
Disappointing when you install a game for your child and parts of it doesn't work. When you do &#34;washing the clothes&#34; all that works in putting the clothes in the washer. That's as much it will do. But you're suppose to be able to add soap, set the timer to wash, take the clothes out of the washer and hang them up.
I went ahead and paid the $1.99 for this as I thought it would have more in it than some of the free ones and would, therefore, keep her attention longer.  This was $1.99 COMPLETELY WASTED.  I have a 2 1/2 year old granddaughter and there was not enough creativity to keep her attention.  In fact, the one that she has that I &#34;bought&#34; for free had more for her to do than this one did.  I ONLY gave it 2 stars as there were no pop-ups during the game - thankfully.  I don't know why these &#34;app-makers&#34; cannot create something that will hold the attention of little ones while not having adverts pop up all the time.  I wouldn't mind paying for her games if this was the case - creative and no adverts.  Obviously, you can only chose one or the other but not both!
This game is very weird. I don't get it. I THINK IT IS NOT A GOOD THING FOR KIDS TO  PLAY!!!!!!!!
I understand the concept and the idea. But undressing, and then having them boo boo is strange and inappropriate. So Jesus name Amen. Yes I'm a crazy Jesus freak.
This little game is a little weird, but my 3 year old LOVES it and asks to play it all the time.  I do not like the toilet scene.  The potty humor is just gross.  My daughter loves pushing the little girl's tummy and making the farting noises....which is very embarrassing when she plays it and we are in public.  She also always takes the scissors and tries to get the girl to cut her hair, instead of her fingernails....which makes sense, seeing that we don't cut her nails with scissors.I think some of the people reviewing this need to realize this game is for children.  I don't think there is anything about this that is sexually suggestive at all, regardless of the kids undressing to put their clothes in the washing machine, or cleaning up in the tub.  I am just grossed out by the farting and giggling.....I have a hard enough time with my daughter's recent obsession with burping (and giggling), I didn't really need the added obsession of playing with a pooping game.
I completely understand why toddlers  to grade K children would love this game. But think how a tween would react if they had this game and played with an animated naked kid in a bath! Ew for the elders!
Paid for this for my niece and some how it was or got deleted. Am I wondering how do I get it back ? Please help
While my daughter likes it, I find it rather disturbing that you press on the child's stomach to make it poop and pee. Also, the toliet paper goes in the trash can.
Got this for my 4 year old sister, we were both grossed out by what we saw.WHO CLIPS FINGERNAILS WITH SCISSORS?????!!!!! It may be just me, but when taking off the girl's shirt, shouldn't there be anything over her chest? And also, the pooping part, it's just, no. If you want to, jou can purchase it if your kid or sibling are mature enough.
u have to create an account with your email and stuff. I didn't want to do that because then it sends you a bunch of junk mail. if u like junk mail then go ahead and get and make an account. why do we even have to make an account????? its a Bible app!! why do u need an account for that?!?!
The AP provides interesting information but frequently has difficulty loading data. Not sure whether the AP is worth the effort.
Dumped it after a few weeks. Not a very deep look into stocks I'd pick myself but it is another source that some may find worthwhile.
My company changed travel services so I have to use Egencia but I don't like it. The functionality of the mobile app is much more limited than our previous service. I rarely use this app since all I can do with it is look -can't make reservation changes.
you cannot use anything other than shaded style in your creative and cunning artwork. sigh....... oh sigh........ sigh..... sigh..... sigh
I do not like how it makes you rate it before you play anything it made me mad I do not know if I will even keep it
It's ok but having to write a review, so I don't have to listen to the same 2 sounds, is a pain.
Yeah I don't think so. You only get three animals and two songs to start out with. Rate to unlock more? Kay, two stars.
developer says kids apps shouldn't have to rate apps to unlock content but app only comes with 3-4 animal sounds &amp; they require rating to unlock more
you have to rate this app or pay just to use different sounds.....well considering thisnis a kids app, I find that absolutely ridiculous.
Hard to rate if you don't have access to most of the app.  Haven't tried it with a child yet.
Should have more option at the start. You only get a couple of sounds to start. But, my daughter does like it
it doest give u all the sounds!!! don't buy it don't waste your time getting this dumb app. worst app ever! !
Enjoyed the first few puzzles and completed them.  Then the grids became large with tiny little cells which were hard to fit my finger on.  The numbers along the sides were also small and hard to read.  The later puzzles were not fun at all.
This game reminds me picross on the day but with more colors. Would have been a five if the user interface was better, but the frustrating controls brought it down to a two, yeah it's that bad.Suggestions for next version or upgrade:1. Add in &quot;x&quot; as a block so you don't have to tap a square multiple times to make the &quot;x&quot;2. Lock the square so you can't accidentally change the color once you set it to a color,3. Create a erase button. Not to be confused with erase all.4. Secondary erase option would be to select the same color. then tapping the square.Nintendo had it right with the user interface for the picross games, follow those controls and this game would be great.
I am not one for reviews but this one need a review. I loaded the app and had to take in off. It kept freezing up.
If you like logic puzzles, this is a great game.  A few levels in to the game, I started to notice I was getting a lot of puzzles wrong and redoing them thinking it was me.  It was not.  There are errors in many of the puzzles after the first level.
I don't often review, but I felt like something needed to be said to the developers on this one.  First off, I don't care so much about the "data mining" issue - I'm on a kindle fire, so maybe it grabs stuff directly from the phone, but if you don't want to advertise your accomplishments, then don't do so.  For me it is optional.The puzzles themselves are pretty good.  The easy puzzles are very easy, but difficult enough that I'm certain the later puzzles will be challenging if I can bring myself to ever try them.  The problem I have is the interface.  It is necessary to zoom in for any degree of accuracy, but when I do so, I cannot see the numbers anymore and I have to constantly shift back and forth to see them, which gets frustrating, particularly if the app misreads my intentions and fills in a cell that I didn't want filled.Other apps have solved this problem by keeping the numbers on the screen, even when you scroll.  If there are a lot of numbers for the row/column, they will sometimes hover a bit over the play area, but that's okay as the more important factor is being able to see the information for the row as I am working on the row without having to scroll back and forth all the time.I would be be happy to increase this to a 5-star rating if this ever gets fixed.  And yes, it is worth dropping all the way to a 2-star rating because it is simply that frustrating.The puzzles are great and the app is great otherwise.
Interesting concept, but the puzzles appear small on my 10&#34; tablet and the gameplay just didn't hold my attention.  After trying it out once or twice, I've never revisited this app.
On the store, in said this game would be fun and educational but it turned out to be boring and dumb.
I found this game far too easy, the grid with the colours just gives you the answer. I was more like fill in the squares with colours than trying to work out what goes where. There is no challenge at all. Picranium Picross is a much better challenge.
I just wasn't a fan of this game, the app seems fine, not glitchy or anything. Honestly, just not my type of game.
The controls are a bit counter intuitive.  The graphics and concepts are good but I just can't get over the controls.
After downloading and installing this game on my tablet, I tried to play it but I couldn't figure out how it worked.
Good game, but will eat up the battery on my Bionic in the time it takes to solve 2 or 3 Level 2 puzzles - about 45 minutes.  A more graphics &amp; sound intensive game like Jetpack Joyride will last twice as long.A game like Crossme should use as little power as possible.  It's a disappointing trend in a lot of these simple game - the keep the cpu pegged at 100% for a game that xmcould run with headroom to spare on an Apple ][.  Devs, please pay more attention to power consumption.
Maybe it's me, maybe it was the day I got it, but it just seemed boring to me. I'd never heard of it and like puzzkes so I thought I would try it. Yeah... I played a few games and then uninstalled it. It worked okay, but to me, it was a waste of time. U'm sure glad I got it when it was free.
Not appealing... to me at least.  Too little to keep my interest.  Boring puzzles. Uninstalled after a day due to no interest.
when I first got it, it was easy to set up, and run. but has ads that were always on the screen while running a slide show. That wasn't appropriate for a business presentation.
just get the full version. the ads on the pics as you view them is so pointless to have, u will uninstall this app very quickly and look for something else, or u will cave and buy the full version of this app like i had to.
I didn't find this app too useful for me.  Others may not see it as I did.  Using your finger, you can drag it around the screen and make lines and "art" to your liking.  Probably better, use a stylus to gain more accuracy.  It could be used to keep younger kids entertained for a few minutes.  I thought it might be a novel way to waste a few minutes of my time while I had time to waste but it didn't turn out that way.  Give this app a try, though, as it may be perfect for some people.
The good: The pictures are very cute, and my 8 yr old daughter was enthralled for about 2 minutes. The bad: There are 24 questions. Once you reach the end of the quiz, it takes you back to the beginning where you repeat the exact same quiz. The order does not even change. How hard would it have been to at least shuffle the questions? I wouldn't waste your money.
this game mess is your mind up .it showed me a cocker spaniel and said it was a great Dane.
Pictures are nice, but tend to be repeated to often. Being a dachshund owner, disappointed in lack of breed representation.  If you have or are currently working in the animal field, game a little too easy.
I had a hard time with my fingers accidently putting ther other guys puck in.  Of course my opponent did not mind in the least.
Controls not responsive enough for a game like this; my paddle lags behind my finger noticeably, even on a fast device like my Nexus 4. AI is pretty dumb. The best way to score points is to get the puck a bit behind the enemy's paddle, which will cause him to knock it back into his own goal 3 times out of 5. And at least once in five minutes of playing, the puck came to a stop behind his paddle and he just sat there, forcing me to abandon the game. Not recommended.
Much like this developer's other touch hockey games, Doodle Hockey seems devoid of anything approaching a physics engine. In fact, it's the same one from the donut hockey game, as it comes with the same exact glitches. So really, this is just a cute, doodle skin for that game.Unfortunately, "cute" is the best thing that can be said about this game. Doodle graphics have a ridiculous amount of charm, but if you're looking for anything approaching a positive touch hockey experience, look elsewhere. The game is ridiculously easy, for one. It's also ridiculously easy to glitch out of your control. If the puck gets behind the enemy A.I. (if you can call it that) and slows to a stop, the A.I. will just sit there, forcing you to restart. This happens on all difficulties, and in 15 test matches, it happened in 11 of them.Then there's the fact that it doesn't matter what angle or speed you hit the puck at. The speed at which the puck flies away from you after hitting it seems totally random. Inching your way and tapping it can send it flying at full velocity, and trying to hit it hard can send it slowing to a crawl - again behind the A.I. so you're totally screwed and have to start over.Don't even get me started on the finicky nature of the goal scoring zone. Half of what looks to be the zone is actually solid, meaning the skin doesn't even fit properly.In all it's a lazy game that isn't worth your time. No, not every game needs to be serious and not every game needs to be perfect, but when you're losing out on over half your matches because the puck gets stuck, how can it be even remotely worth your time? Needs some work, for sure. Stick with Glow Hockey or something along those lines.
It moves way too fast, it doesn't have enough room on the screen to play, and it's no even ok.
Glow hockey is better. Even on hard mode could easily beat it, not a smart ai. The music is cool, the doodle graphics look good, not much else to say about it. The puck seems to have magical teleporting abilities and it accelerates to ludicrous speed though.
This game is just ok. Gets pretty boring pretty quick. A better game in this genre is CAPS. That one has it all over Doodle Hockey -- play against a formidable computer, excellent physics and nuance, challenging levels, fun and original -- in short, Caps is everything Doodle Hockey isn't. This one is like that throwaway toy every child has -- fun for 5 minutes, then cast aside, never to be played again. Meh, whatever dude.
I'm glad that this was free when I got it, because I would definitely not pay money for this. Not even 99 cents. Sorry guys, but there are a lot better games out there.
This game was too difficult to play.  It is also sort of pointless.  I prefer games that involve more thought.
Free game on Amazon Android App Store, I'm not a big fan of it... then again I prefer real air hockey
I have had several games where the puck stops behind the ai paddle and the ai just sits there without being able to continue game..
This was a free purchase from Amazon Appstore. After trying it, I would not play it again or pay any money for it. The touch controls aren't as smooth as they could be. Overall, the game is boring after one game.
This was a nice game, but the AI version was glitch. The puck would get stuck in the corner and there was no way to reset or move on from there. The only reason I'm rating this so low is because of the glitching. I was never able to get past the second game without having to restart because it would get stuck.
its an okay game but with a name like doodle hockey you would expect more customization but there are only 3 color schemes.
its fun but every time I win it exits its stupid do not try this game its fun but makes you quit
I quickly got frustrated with this game for several reasons:1. There is a significant lag time between your finger swipes and the corresponding movement of the paddle.  I would drag my finger across the screen and the puck would trail behind by a noticeable amount.  Once I stopped moving my finger the paddle would eventually catch up.  Very hard to hit the puck with that amount of lag.2. On repeated occasions the paddle would freeze and stop responding.  After a few seconds it would start moving again, but by then the puck had sailed past me.3. When the game ended, you are asked if you wanted to "Play Again".  Even though I pressed the play again button, the app would shut down and throw me back to the Kindles main screen.On the plus side the game did have some neat graphics and nice sound, but those pluses don't make up for the serious issues with paddle responsiveness.Note: I played this app on a Kindle Fire HD
I woud love to like this app but until it works properly I can onlyr rate it a 2. Runtime errors abound. I was unable to see Brands or Store locations. Please udate with fixes.