I had a problem at first because I was using only two names.  Wait, it will make sense.  There is a box for "Who Went Last" and a box for "Who Goes Next".  I was confused because Name #1 appeared in both boxes, but Name #2 was displayed below these boxes in large text (meaning that Name #2 is the who should be currently having a turn, while the last turn and the next turn actually did belong to Name #1).  Confusion cleared up.  My suggestion:  This app should have a notation above the large text indicating "My Turn Now".  Other than feeling a bit like Abbott and Costello, I'm good with this app.I can now keep my boys from arguing over who's turn it is.  Now, we all know the name in the large text is the one who gets the turn.  Untimed and timed turns can be entered, which is a very nice feature.  The tone which indicates end of turn is pleasant, but short-lived.  Automatically performing the rotation at the end of a timed activity would be wonderful--hopefully that may be added in the next version.Entries for activities and people can only be made from the menu on the first screen.  A history can be found on the menu of the activity screen which gives you names, dates, and times of use.Does what it says it will do, but I'd like to see a couple tweeks done to improve upon it.
I agree, nice-looking until you try to use it and it quickly does a force close fail. May try this app again in a few months.
I downloaded this app last night and I was impress with the design. It provided a great way to read news that I am interested from multiple sources.Instead of installing different readers and launch multiple apps, you only need this single app. However, this app is not very stable, it crashed a few time when I accidentally swipe on the screen to see the next page. That is annoying. Hope that this issue will be resolved soon.
This app is adequate, in that one can make reservations and check availability. However, it does not have all the bells and whistles on the full website. I use this app to monitor reservations or to quickly check basic availability, but I make my reservations on the website. It has a few problems when trying to reserve seats, when looking for a specific type of car, and when making special requests with hotels or airlines.
It is just like the website with less options.  You can not put in a coupon code in the beginning to see what hotels it applies too like you can on the site. You can get mobile deals and it is great in a bind when you need to find a hotel near you.
Great app for the road warriors among us.  Too many missing options to be a great app, nice first try.  Good for novice or expert.
I didn't see any great deals there. Installed it for our automobile trip from Illinois to Florida. Compared to the fliers you get in the &#34;Visitor's Centers&#34; it shows few hotel rooms with higher prices and then gives a small discount...I deleted this app from my EVO 4G
this app is ok, I don't use it often, I just wanted to compare prices for rent a cars, hotels and flights.
If you want the ability to instantly search 100s of sites for the lowest travel rates the website and app at BestTravelCoupon.com is the best travel booking solution.  This site works as a "Travel Search Engine" which provides more travel options & better rates.Here is the app:Travel Search Engine - BestTravelCoupon.comI still prefer searching on my desktop so I use the website at BestTravelCoupon.com most of the time but I have the app on my Android too.
Info Over Load - K.I.S.S. is NOT the strong point.fill ing up 11 words is harder than expected .
The description leaves something to be desired but this is typical of many booking sites. Wherever possible, I would recommend going to the primary entity (hotel, airline etc). You will get a more accurate description and are more likely to get discounts, points and get specific requests catered for.I booked a room at the Oceanic motel at Ocean city. The desk clerk was indifferent (I had an urgent need of a restroom and she said I would have to use the one in my room some distance away) and the room was pokey. However, the location was excellent, virtually at the waters edge. Furthermore, all rooms on my section had a full length veranda facing the water with ample chairs.
I use this app to get an idea about how much a flight or trip might cost. It's a little hard to use when you are actually purchasing. I would prefer to get on the computer and finalize thing but if we're thinking about going somewhere I will use it to get an idea of price.
used to use this site all the time but now it does not show the bargins I want.  disappointed , harder to find a ticket
I suppose it's okay but it seemed to request more info than it gave. I'd like to put in a request for a specific place, time and amenities all in one location, be done with it and then get a meaningful result. It seemed that every page had need of additional info or some info was not filled in or asked that more info be filled in.Being in a fringe signal area was no help either, what with slow-to-no internet connection. Combining these problems, and with having had too often to resend a form info, I got bad info and not the new results I expected. This app was too time consuming. Maybe on another day I'll try again when I have more time to putz.
Doesn't give the option to search vacation packages, like the full site. Deleted it and use full site for now
My 4 year old cousin likes it.We wish we could change the background to one of our pictures or if you had a variety of options for the background.
I would have given 5 stars but the one problem I have is that you can not list work outs that are more then 60 minutes in duration. So if your a triathlete like me training for an Ironman this app isn't for you. I can't believe there isn't an easy fix for this.
I have Android 2.1.1 and while some apps say they are compatible they actually only partially work. I couldn't get this one to do anything but look cool so I went back to my old way.
This plays great on both my Android phones for files Android's native app won't play. But on the Kindle Fire, it won't play any file that the Kindle's native app won't play.
Another app I do use decided i needed this to play FLV and MP4 video playlists. Four more words. Done.
regular
The program installed quick and properly on my tablet. The picture quality was fine also.  I wanted the player to view sign language videos.  Each video took a long time to open, which is not the case with the native player.  I was also hoping the player would recognized the chapter markers within the video so I could easily move back and forth, but it did not.
I may or may not sign up for the program.  I was looking for an alternative to Netflix, but haven't made up my mind, yet.
it helps to have the information available if need to find specific files. I have not really used it to often though.
I liked this app it was a lot easier for me to use. It easier to use and to find and label and organize things
I have no idea what this even is, I know it is on my tablet, but do not know what it does or what it can do
Doesn't show a file directory tree like Windows Explorer, and the filenames on a kindle are in no way descriptive, so I am not sure how helpful this app will be. But perhaps I need to spend a little time learning how to make use of it.
I have not used the file manager to a great extend. But it seems to be functional for its purpose.
Cant move files even though there is an icon to move files. Not really worth it if you cant move files.
i have this app installed, it is usable but is not the best app out there for free use,file manager free is better
A little disappointed. Not much different than the one that came with my phone. Thought I could do more with it.
have a kidle fire and am still getting used to using it  thigs are getting better as I use it
I installed and then un-installed it and have not used it since purchase. Just not right with my mind.right now
The application allows you to multi-select, bookmark, add network shares, delete, copy, move, etc. as you would expect. However, the application itself is extremely slow compared to the other alternates out there, especially considering I'm running the application on a dual core tablet. The application was designed for a phone (see tablet notes to follow) so it's often difficult to use on a tablet.More importantly, network shares are bookmark-able and easy to mount. I especially like the test connection feature to verify you didn't mistype your passwords. However, the application must be attempting to analyze the samba share results too much, as changing directories is extremely slow using this application. The biggest problem, however, is that if a network transfer timeout occurs, the application aborts the transfer and doesn't attempt to resume or even notify you that it failed. Therefore, I was unable to use this application for my intended purpose and cannot recommend it.The developer makes a version of this application for tablets which is much better. It has significantly better usability and is much more responsive.
This widget is useless if you typically use a dark background as it is naturally dark and doesn't let you change the colors.
The clock is very stylish but there is no way to change the color, which means it is difficult to see on certain backgrounds. I'll consider re-installing it when the customization functionality is fixed.
I love the look of this clock but I see no option to change digit color. Fix that and I would run it on my home screen. Droid X
The Daylight world map is okay but really does not do well for the Kindle Fire HD 8.9.  I had hopes for better quality but nothing of the sort.
Okay, I played around with it for a bit, but I don't know when I would really need this. I like the concept, and I'm sure there are those out there that would benefit from this, but not me right now.
Could not stream it on my smartphone. would have been a great access. No there yet. Could really use a great moble apps
love this game, but we can't get past level 32 because it freezes.  the center cube continues to rotate, but it won't allow you to select any matches.
This game could have been fun but the blocks are hard to select and double tapping turns the cube so often times the cube would turn while I'm trying to select a block. There just needs to be a turn cube button and the side blocks need to be bigger.
Nice concept but the 3d rotation controls are horrendous.  I can touch the exact same point on the screen and swipe my finger the same direaction and get different rotations.  Makes the game VERY infuriating at the higher levels when seconds matter.
This is a fun game but it's a keeps freezing up on me. I had to delete it from my phone and my Kindle.
I have been so addicted to this game since I purchased it about 3 weeks ago but now it's locking up! Mid game I am no longer able to select cubes!  PLEASE FIX!!!!!!  Samsung galaxy
It's fun in the beginning, but at level 23/hard the fast pace with lessened responsiveness makes it impossible to beat or to continue.
nice graphics. terrible music. excellent concept. not a majong game but a matching game.  instructions need work. sometimes will not accept touches. played on kindle fire.  hope there is an update soon.
i wanted to like this game. but i couldn't. the music is annoying, the controls are annoying, and gameplay is boring &amp; stupid. there's absolutely no challenge and you have to sit there &amp; wait for the tiles you need to SLOWLY appear on the side. also, it's annoying the way the cubes jiggle when you select them. it would be better if it was more like actual mahjong. or actual match-3. but it's not.
hard mode level five. if you have only one cube left in the middle the sides fill with only that matching cube. only way to pass level is to match that middle cube. play should continue offering random cubes Instead.
This Mahjong is OK and fun to play.  I typically don't have a lot of time during my day to play games but a quick Mahjong break never killed anybody.  It's not the best but it's OK
It's a fun concept, but it takes around five 'clicks' to select a cube, making it very hard/frustrating to play
I really like the game but I do wish that the side of the game was more on the screen - can't tell what some of the new blocks are - good game.
It is ok. No big deal. I lost interest in it pretty fast and so did grandson. Same old thing.
Samsung galaxy SII, hard to position puzzle on any axis, keeps moving too far, lose sight of target tile, tired of fighting- uninstalled. Nice zero permissions- 5 stars to programmer for that
Fun to play around with a bit.  So many app's out there,  this one is just average.  If you can get it for free sure...why not but otherwise I would look around more.
It's a fun game and a good idea, but I think the game could use some improvements. Foremost, there should be a line that shows you the initial path of the bullet. I think they could execute this in the form of a laser sight instead of the crosshair. Second, it seems like the same shot does not always yield the same reaction with this game's physics engine. It's still a fun game and if they improve it, ill increase my rating.
After the first few levels, the graphics become so repetitive that the game is now BORING. Use some imagination developers/
does not work on kindle fire. throws error messages and locks up. you have to force close. uninstalled it. but what little I saw looks good
got this app for my 13 year old who loves zombies.  he says the game looks like its for younger kids, but after a couple of levels it got so hard he couldn't figure it out.  he stopped playing it.
Thats the message i get when trying to start this game since this last update. Even happens after removing and re-setting up the shortcut. Its also missing from my listing of installed programs. Oddly, I can open and play from the app store?
It's okay.  I think kids would like it and it has some angle properties that would be okay to use if you had to in class.
Unable to install. Phone reboots when attempting to install. lg optimus sNot a lot else to say so why the twenty word minimum?
Its cutie for a game but..... you run out ammo to quickly and some of the set -ups made hard to kill a few thing, I really expected a little more from a zombie game,  for example the zombies just stand there and don't even attack you.
I don't understand it!  Definitely a kid's game.  Good graphics and sounds! Entertaining, but dull for the average &#34;mature&#34; adult.  Let the kids have it!
the game its self is ok. but it has very poor graphics. its entertaining for kids, but some levels are hard to beat.  I was playing one level for a half hour! :) very fun, and very addictive. I play on my kindle fire, and its great because the large screen makes it fun. I couldn't imagine playing it on a phone-it would be hard! I wouldn't pay for it, but dents it was free, I ttied it out and u should ttoo!IF THIS WWASN'T HELPFUL, THEN READ OTHERCOMMENTS. :)
I didn't like it, but it had the basics of a pretty good game, and this part is for the minimum.
It is ok, the Stupid Zombies II is much better. For one thing the cross hairs don't necessarily line up with where you put your finger.
Just not my cup of tea. Got bored quickly... A little to slow and repetitive.Works fine on my droid x though.
It's a silly app but good for a few laughs.  My husband likes it as does my step-son and Little Sister!  LOL!
do it when bored some where and nothing to do, the game does keep your attention and fun. a little hard on kindle fire.
When I got this I thought It was the best app on the market. But after 2 weeks I uninstalled it.
I like the concept behind this game.  it's in the angry birds vein, except with ricochet bullets.  but the aim is atrocious on the kindle fire, which basically makes every shot a guess.  it'd be a 5 star freebie if they would update it with improved aim.
Fun game to waste time. All angry birds fans, you will love stupid zombies.  A puzzle game with classic violence,  a la angry birds and tank hero.
often (about half my shots) the bullet decides to bounce straight back where it came from instead of bouncing properly in a V shape it retraces its steps all the way back to the gun. would be 5 and I will update it if this is fixed.
It is mind numbing and just as it says STUPID. Thank goodness it was free.I guess the only redeeming quality is you get to move on and use angles to do so.
The game is decent enough. But in many levels, you can get away with firing randomly, and you'll do just as well as if you had planned the shot.  It doesn't make for a very engaging game.
Like it, but some levels irritating to do in beginning levels as it seems to get difficult early and have to unlock each level to move on. Would prefer to jump around and then unlock next set instead of each single level.
Decent take on Angry Birds model. However, on OG Droid, it loads very slow. Loading levels is slow also. After exiting the app, your home screens are rebooted. Why do so many apps do that?Update (mid-July): Runs great on Dell Streak 7 - infinitely better experience than on the phone.Update 29 July: Returned my Streak 7 in favor of an ASUS Transformer. Looks beautiful on the 10" tablet.
This is an ok game,but it got kind a boring after a while. I got really far into the game but then it shut down on me.
Restart install error. lg optimus M. Too bad, fun game. I've played it on an ipad and actually went looking for it...really disappointed it didn't work.it's not as challenging as angry birds, but it's still fun
Could not launch game. Would FC on start... Running AOSP on Optimus V. Was hoping to play this game a little bit. Love zombie games... Oh well... Better luck next time.
its an easy game, and kinda fun too. the only thing that is really hard is aiming it. the gun doesn't really shoot where u aim.
The game is well done and entertaining, it can get a little repetitious after the second level. Overall good mindless time killer.
Like many others, this game will not install for me. LG Ally running Froyo with Velocity 1.1 ROM, overclocked to 748 MHz. Simply resets the phone when the install process is run.Given three stars because giving one star without ever having even played the game is dumb.
it started fun until it got to the snow mountains andcountry western scenes.  they became so difficult that I lost interest.  out the 100 scenes about 30 are easy to enjoy.  the remaining are so difficult you end up buying bombs just to finish the game.  I lost interest quickly but had already bought bombs.  so when the bombs were done, I was done with the game.
I guess I compared it more to plants vs zombies, instead of comparing to angry birds. its okay i guess, but not a game I'll be keeping on my KFire.
Not very many games that make my evo 3d crash, but this is one of them. After it screws up my whole phone becomes slow and I must restart. Feel free to try it for yourself.
some of the levels are next to impossible to figure out but its a good way to pass the time...
The best I can say is its okay, kind of boring after a few minutes, I have played the game in weeks.  Probably one of these days will remove from my kindle.
I've played this on 3 platforms.  None are very precise but the idea was good. Now if the target went where it was supposed to???
Installed on Asus Transformer. Graphics are OK and puzzles are decent, but it shouldn't take as long as it does (over 10 seconds!) to load a level. I have full 3D games that load way faster than this.
Its fun for the first hour but after that it gets boring! Well I guess its free. That's all I have to say.
gets frusterating at times and other than that it is a great time waster. word word word word it.it it it it it
I have an Xbox 360 and a PS3. that is what I play games on. NOT A DAMN CELLPHONE!!!!! It was Ok the week it stayed on my phone, nothing more....
Instead of being artillery ballistics-based like Angry Birds, it's more ricochet-based like billiards.  Albeit it's fun to shoot zombies instead of fat green piggies!It's &#34;Stupid&#34;, like the name implies, but it's also free and fun and that's why I rated it okay with 3-stars!Privacy Alert: Application does access/reads user's network and WiFi info. and location data.
Angry Birds with dead guys, but as a simple break in your day it is quite effective. Like AB, the levels move so quickly it can be addicting.
My 6 yr old grandson is a video game nut, so I was looking for games to put on my Kindle Fire that he could play in the car when we travel. He loved this game... but I did not. It played fine, it actually was fun, but the graphics are just too bloody for a 6 year old, in my opinion. I took it off my Kindle, and replaced it with "Where's my Water". Much more fun and much more age appropriate. Adults? You'll probably love this game. But it's just not for young kids.
This is just a basic version of Angry Birds.  I have seen many games that look just the same.  A good waste of time, but don't expect too much.
This is a good app, but it gets really hard as you get farther into it. People who don't have patience in games, don't buy. Otherwise, enjoy the zombie remake of Ricochet Kill.
angles a bit difficult.  Little bloody for young people.  Could have just left it with the figures falling over. but fun to play.
I love the game....when I can play it.  9 times out of 10 when I try to start the game, it just goes to a black screen.  When I finally DO get it to load, I can only play 2 or 3 levels before the game freezes.  It is fun when it works.  Please fix it....HTC Sensation
this is a cool game but the graphics are so bad. were is all the action dggjjg fhhdhkkuf gjjtfhjfv fujfesghu. ryukhdfgv guioooourc. ty
Fun game, but the hit detection and bouncing is really spotty. I've had bullets clip through walls several times, as well strike surfaces and bounce off at strange angles. Sometimes, it will bounce off st the same angle it impacted at, or at some other unpredictable angle. You can shoot st the same exact spot three times and get three different bounces.Fun game, otherwise, but these issues make it no more than a three star game.
HTC Droid Incredible. Works perfectly, although Feint screen is annoying. Yes it's like Angry Birds, but with the added dimension of calculating where your bullets are going to ricochet.
not that i do noy like it but it is what iy is not that great i prefer zombie plants
This game shares similar traits with Angry Birds (you're launching a projectile - in this case a bullet - from a fixed location, trying to hit at the optimum angle) and Tank Hero (your bullet bounces off walls after being fired, so you need to plan based off of the richochets to pass the levels with the best score).As far as straight gameplay goes, it doesn't really outshine either of those games, but if you like Zombie-themed games and lining up strategic shots, this one should hold your interest for awhile ...
This app is very addicting!! lots of levels so keeps you coming back for more!! My husband downloaded the app as well &amp; its like a race for time to see who gets to the next level first lol.
its so much fun but it is diffecult to get some of the zombies! its like if u cant pass this level than u cant pass the rest! but its a fun app to pass time with!
do not buy for kindle fire it messed up my kindle fire do not use with kindle fire do not use
I like this game!  Even though it reminds me of Angry Birds. I wish it was a game my kids could play. Less gore would have been better. The next version should have an Off button for those who rather not have the gore.
This game is a bit addicting! After you play missy once you will have to play again! It is very funny but challenging! Are you up for the challenge?I recommend this game to people who are up for a challenge but also have a good sense of humor!!!!:):):)
great game super fun its great just 2 waste time. the game has trouble opening sometimes~~~~:( some of the levels are just impossible I haven't even finished the 1st world because the levels r 2 hard.......*its just like angry birds.....people u should make your own ideas!!!!!
its really fun in the beginning. but after you play it it gets boring. that's why I didn't give it 5stars.
My son likes to play this on my Kindle when he's bored (and I have my Kindle with me). I think it's a stupid game, but I didn't mind him having a few of &#34;his&#34; apps on my Kindle.
I liked this game. I mean it's not the greatest, but when I get tired of strategy games I often come back to this one. And, my three year old loves playing this! lol.
Hey, I'm confused. I just gave this three stars cause I'm not reviewing, but inquiringly about this app. does it work on kindle fire? this might be a stupid question but I'm new to tech
Compared to angry birds, its better in some ways and worse in others. About the same thing. If you like one, you will like the other.I like bth of them. I like the fact that in this game, the bullets bounce off the walls. I like the variety of birds in angry birds.
It's a free game. Fun for a little while but just like angry birds; it can get a little repetitive.
Game has good effects nice puzzle solving problems only thing i did not like was that your character has no movment.u must stay stationary thru each level.also gaps in some statioary objects
why are you asking me???!!fine. I say its weird. stupid zombies-WEIRD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! weird. game.weird game. weird game. hi!hi!hi!hi Bibi hiBYE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
thats all i can say is ok. its not the best game in the world and not the worst but everyone is different try it you may like it
It's good. The only reason I give it 3 stars is there are only cracks to shoot in. That's it.
its OK kinda fun but kinda stupid so I am glad I didn't pay for it. its opens well never freezes on the kindle fire.
I played it for a while and then got bored and moved on to the next game. Thats the way most of theses apps work anyway. you never keep them forever
This game is similar to angry birds in that you get a 1-3 star rating based on how well you do on each board.Each board has a set number of zombies and your goal is to shoot them with a bullet or cause an object to hit them. The fewer shots you use, the better rating you will get.You have a set number of bullets and once they are used up, you have to re-start the board if you didn't kill all the zombies. The boards get tougher and the shots get trickier. You have to bounce them off of walls, angles, objects, etc.Overall a decent game, but I found it to be a little boring after a while.Downloaded just fine and works great on my Samsung Galaxy S T959V from T-mobile.I would recommend since it is a free app but it might get boring after a while.
this game is fun at the start then it gets boring if I were you font get this all you do is kill zombies to me this game is worthless plus it is buggy on the kindle fire
this game rocks other than on my lg optimus it crashes my phone and wont download its fun on my kindle
This app was fun for a while, but then I got tired of it. It got redundant and boring too quickly. But this app is by far an elite when it comes to free games.
LOVE this game. Unfortunately, it freezes on the latest gingerbread upgrade on Samsung Mesmerize. Please fix,  I'm missing my zombies.
I did play it for several hours to pass the time on a long drive (not while I was driving)
i dont understand why people get on here and fuss at other people about their review. if they like it or don't like it's their right to say so;so shut up about it....now review that
This is okay to pass an hour or so in a waiting room with some humor, but for a true fun-filled experience, check outStupid Zombies 2 !
This app is quite fun and addicting when you start playing but on some levels it starts to get pretty hard. Although, it doesnt make you frustrated but makes you want to keep going. Also ( the bad part), I realized that there were some disturbing ( inappropriate)  ads showing up on the screen, which made me want to delete it. If this happens to you, I recommend you delete it. : (
The app does not operate long before freezing which requires me to force. I would not be do upset but thegame is a blast to play it s a big tease a if now thigh
this game is pretty stupid sometimes when I play it. I like to play my other games rather than this game! cause my other ones are so way more cooler than this, it wastes my time! but my idiot brother loves zombies so he'll play it all day if he possibly wants to!
Update is available in Android market.  Why not in amazon?  The Android update will not install if original was downloaded from Amazon!
Installed fine on my Fascinate. I find the game entertaining but there are zero settings that I can find and no way to save your progress. Each time I start, I have to start all over from the beginning...frustrating! I'd give it 4-5 stars if I could save my game.
the game is good when it works but it keeps locking up. im on a galaxy S2 Skyrocket which should have plenty of ram and processor
I enjoy stupid zombies.  it was on my cell phone and I picked ut up here. Some of those zombies hide in difficult places!
dfgerb ddgegfgcfdc edggdhsfrcx xcracxczrdtyderj cvhffc. cff ff Fcc v. ev. vvvfcc vgvhx ggg cgwg. g vggb..vevrrfvc ddvcffffgwhgxszx zxxzc wxgdsfgcvq fgufimjbj ruf
The game looks great and I would love to play however even though amazon says it works with my sytab7mx it actually doesn't. The game downloads and seems to install just fine but when I try to open it, it always force closes.
For the HTC EVO the built in music player has all of this functionality with the exception of "add songs to playlist by Year". However, if the mp3 player on your Android device does not offer the ability to create playlists based on Genre, Artist, or Album then I would recommend this app.
Its an okay app,  but it doesn't work nearly as well as some others - like Beautiful Widgets. If you really need a good widget for your weather,don't rely on this one; it hardly ever refreshed and the clock was often wrong. I never killed it with the task killer but it was still only halfway decent. I gave it three stars because it's got really nice customization features.
This is the free version that not only has limited options but freezes up almost every day. The time will stop as well as weather and temp.
There is some extremely funny fortunes here, but they seem to repeat often and there aren't many of them. Could be better.
finnyfunnybutruderuderude.  thc h unfurl chfbdv yfbr rr xuf. rube.gcbr.rycvr evxyyevf ryhfbr lfhjgjr h ic vjvivid vfjfjbv fcb h ufv y. f rhvh t cjcbd. fhvr. fhcievrchch
It is a fun game to play if you don't want to think.  There is no strategy explained so that the player can build their own plan to play.  In other words, I can try to get four in a row, but there is no predictability of what will happen to any given move, so you can't plan moves ahead.
I guess its ok for a free app, and as far as something that imitates matlab, this looks like the closest thing you can get on a kindle. Unfortunately it has a very limited command array.  There is no convolution, and no nchoosek function
it is a bit hard to navigate. but once you enter monthly bills it stops you after 20 bills. booooo should have warned me before I took the time entering bills.
I have not had time to enter my bills yet, they get here faster then I can pay them!!! But I will make a note to work on it soon. :)
okay game
wasn't expecting this wide of a variation, but it still is fun to fill down time with. really a different game
I don't remember ordering this game and it is not on my Kindle.  I don't have an Android.Its hard to rate it properly.Barb L
I enjoy this app. My only problem is I am not advancing in the story line. I also don't understand the power ups. it needs an instruction menu.
this game is.just like bongo I found.it fun.and yes it is.a little small to read but it would when there is a lot to do font base ur thinking on one person try it ur self and by the way I didn't have.to.go though all that stuff like they did to get it
I found this game to be a bit slow and dull.  I would prefer an option to roll the Bingo balls automatically to move the game faster.
I found this worked for most of my apps, but not my email. Disappointing. For those that want to secure apps on Kindle Fire, from children, I suggest you explore Kindle Free Time as a place to put age appropriate content as the child cannot leave the area without a pin number.
I thought this app was great before I updated it. I don't really like the way it is now. the way ir was before was simpler and cleaner this one is more complicated and I just didn't like it.
The app is good and has a great deal of information in it but the really annoying thing about it is that if you accidently enter a wrong location, you can't get rid of that location...there is no delete button for a location.....annoying, but not the end of the world.
I liked the look of it, but no matter how many times I dismiss the weather alert the notification stays on the top bar of my kindle fire. Can't stand it!
just ok. the older app was better for my Kindle. Larger buttons and fonts easier to use and navigate. This version doesn't make sense to me.
does its job, wish there was more of a one screen view vs having to switch between multiple. much better than the weather channel app.
This app is always on. It will update a minimum of once an hour. No matter how you set it it will shorten battery life. That's why I only gave it3 stars, otherwise it would be a 5.
Accurate but it takes time to get used to the format.  It works well for daily weather checks. So far I like it.
Works for what I need. The radar map freezes up and doesn't give accurate time lapse. Otherwise, still recommend this app unless you're looking for something super sophisticated.
The app is very accurate about the weather, but I think there could be a few improvement to the app.
The widget is nice for the desktop on your android tablet or phone.  The app is nice except they update the screen layout from time to time after you get use to the one you like and the adds are somewhat in the way so if you tap where you want to go, sometimes you'll &#34;add click&#34;.  It's slow in loading and always tries to &#34;locate you&#34; even if you do not want the GPS function active.
For general information - good- poor radar information. Not good enough for spotter use.  I prefer more detailed radar information.
gives accurate local radar so I can keep track of the weather that is approaching when I am away from tv
Good weather and forcasts, but the radar stinks. There have to be better weather apps for the kindle f-hd. We have much better wrather apps for our Xoom.
I like this app but I must admit I like the 36 hour forecast like the Weather Channel App does.  Maybe I haven't explored the settings enough, but the closest thing to a &#34;forecast&#34; I found was the hourly forecast.  Can't there just be a 1 or 2 sentence synopsis too?  &#34;Periods of snow throughout the day.  High of 30.  Expected accumulation....&#34;
I never used it much so I can't say a lot about it. Since it came on the desktop of my pad I thought I would give it a try.
Like everything about it other than it loaded a city I don't live in and it will not allow me to change it unless I add new location each and every time I open it.  Frustrating.
Once the app loads it provides great timely information. The videos are well done. Sometimes it does not appear the app will load._
Pretty good app but why doesn't it rotate when I turn my Kindle fire?  Also, apps should end when you quit them.
This app will periodically force close.  Then needs to be restarted.This is very frustrating when it has to be done repeatedly.)
I am simply so used to Weather Bug's ability to isolate my location within a few miles and report the weather from there rather than just from the closest major city, I did not keep this app around very long. It is nice if you want simply basic weather information however.
I used to use this app all the time on my kindle fire. I loved adding in zip codes of my family members and being quickly able to check the weather in their city.  Now since this app. was updated a few weeks ago it is a pain to use. Takes a long time to load and gives too much info.
This app has a fairly user-friendly interface, and has many options for viewing conditions and forecasts.  I'd like to see an option for accessibility, to increase font size, but it is usable without that option.  I'd recommend this app to others.
The visuals on this app are nice and the information about the current weather is right there and easy to read.  But it seems to have a lot of details about humidity, UV indexes, etc and I haven't been able to find a spot where it would tell me how much snow we are supposed to get when I see snowflakes.  It would be nice if you could select which weather information you want to see or perhaps switch out some of the detail for more basic weather information.  It would also be nice if you could get to a radar image.  If any of these features are in the app, I haven't found them yet.
Not as good as before.  Update did not make it better.  Now it crashes more often and I have to restart it because it sort of &quot;loses&quot; me.
I like this app. the graphics are beautiful, but I have a tough time connecting to the web page. I will keep using it as I like the alert system.
It would be great if we could refresh the information on the weather bar instead of going all the way into the app. Sometimes, ALL I want to know is what the temperature is right now, not what it was 40+ minutes ago.
I like the weather app I currently use for my smart phone better than this one. I installed it but found I didn't much care for it and uninstalled it and went back to the one I was using.
It wasn't major,  trivial. even.  they had a line devoted. to times of sunsets and sunrises.  They decided they needed more ad space. The ad covered the alminac stuff.  I found that strangely irritanting. I looked for other apps that had that. no one did. Then I decided I was being silly. I picked the best of all the apps I tried, deleted weather channel. I 'll get the alminac stuff off the Internet. Hope you make tons of money off the increases .015 inches of ad space weather channel.
I went to check the weather and it didn't update! it also said it was going to be 254 degrees today!! what in the world is up with that!! it worked perfectly fine until that happened. I also got 135 degrees and 215. I do not understand.
Works on galaxy S3. Can't say I have any complaints yet. The widget did not work well the first time I used it, but once I reinstalled it, it worked just fine.
I just deleted it because it said that today was a good day for outdoor sports with just the right amount of wind.  Um, no.  It's been raining most of the morning and the wind is crazy out there.
It works for a quick look at the weather in the morning or right before bed. I just wish it was a little easier to use.
Weather info is not that bad. Was originally wanting the weather channel app but not available but this has been a good alternative.
Does not have enough information.I like to have hour by hour and radar. What it does is just fine I guess.
When I first got this it was pretty good. Then it said that it was starting to initialize and that wasn't even done after a day. Don't get it.
Nice looking app, works ok. I just dont understend why does it need permissions that may cost money like send SMS and directly call numbers?
would of give 4 or 5 stats flr it ran well for a few weeks but 3 days ago it started crashing
I haven't had any problems with this app. Works perfectly fine. :-)And it was Free! I check my weather while I am on here...
Not quite what I expected-too difficult to get what info I wanted.  I am not particularly pleased with it and would not recommend it.
Didn't know previous version. Data displayed is rather constricted. But, it does what I need it to do. Waddaya want for free?
I was not expecting much after using the weather.com app for the last 6 months.  I feel that this offers a much better picture.  you can advance the forecast with a swipe and it includes radar.  I have found many free apps do not include this feature.
Ended up getting this because I was not fond of WeatherBug.  This program is &#34;okay.&#34;  It close to what the actual weather ends up being but isn't as spot on as...say...the local weather station.  But it works...
Previous version was nice &amp; simple ... showed today's weather and you could select multiple days if you wanted.  Now you swipe sideways to view all the info and it includes all kinds of video links to unrelated info.  More is not always better.  Bleh....
But falls flat for me on my Android.While this appears to be, or at least has the potential of being, a very nice weather app it doesn't work correctly on my Android tablet. Main problem: The radar map will not come up working! Not for me it won't. The small radar map appears but when I tap it to bring it up it goes full screen as it is supposed to do ... but  when it does there's nothing there but a blank white screen!The tech I discussed the problem with was very nice and tried to be helpful, but ended up saying he'd turn the problem into the proper department and get back to me when he had a solution. They refunded my money promptly ... no problem. I've tried it recently and still have the same problem. If others don't have the problem it's more than likely a great app for those others. If and when they get the wrinkle ironed out and I find out about it I'll gladly try it and buy it again.I gave it three stars on the assumption that they'll get the wrinkle ironed out .... it really appears to me to be a great app were it not for that one problem. If they don't or can't solve the problem it's not even worth one star to me. Without the problem, probably a five star!
Im having trouble getting the time right.  Have not mastered it yet.  Will now doubt need help.. I will keep trying
It never shows MY weather.it has high definition radar, and does not work.if you get this app I hope you have a good review.
liked the old version better you cant read it as easy controls aren't really very good cant zoom for us old blind people.you are trying to get too fancy keep it basic
I decided to use weather app instead.Weather app is much easier to use and is more accurate.I have deletes this app.
all right at first but noticed that the temps for my town were never the same as what the weather channel or other friends weather radar's were saying. finding a new weather app right now.
This is a decent weather app, it updates quickly and has the locations that I want to look at. overall its not bad
works fine but all the permissions??? I have the kindle fire so don't have to worry about call or txt but still like really??
Great app. but caused g2 to shut down. phone didn't shut down before install and dosen't shut down after uninstall
For the most part this app is great. I recently took a motorcycle trip from West Palm Beach, FL to Belleville, IL, camping along the way &amp; this app was invaluable. It gave me my weather updates from my &quot;current location&quot; all along the way with no problems. It was also extremely easy to get reports for my evening's destination every morning, so I always knew what I'd be driving into. The videos came in surprisingly helpful to look at the larger overviews to see if I'd be hitting any bad weather between the days point &quot;a&quot; &amp; &quot;b&quot;. All VERY helpful.My problem is with the &quot;Maps&quot; section. The page shows my current area map w/ doplar overlays at the top, with 4 smaller maps shown just beneath of other places that you have added. This all looks great, but when I attempt to enlarge any of them by touching it the screen just goes blank white, with the exception of the ads at the bottom &amp; the maps name on top .... those load fine. But for some reason the map itself won't load. This means I can't customize with different overlays, etc.I contacted customer support &amp; they told me to do what I had already done: uninstall &amp; then reinstall the app. Then they asked me if my &quot;Google Maps&quot; app works on my tablet, which it does. I was then told via email that a more experienced tech would be contacting me soon to get more info &amp; get to the bottom of the problem. I did receive an email fairly quickly asking me to respond &amp; explain the problem in detail (again). I did so about a month ago but never heard from anyone again.For the most part this is a great app, &amp; on the maps section I do get the thumbnail of the area that shows the radar overlay. But on the bike trip I needed the ability to open the maps up &amp; it was kind of a pain.I take off 1 point for the glitch &amp; 1 for customer service dropping the ball.One more thing, the widgets work nicely on my tablet - showing the current temp, the days temp spread, weather description, etc. Very nice!
Update:AccuWeather has rolled out a new app which I consider to be terrible.  Although loaded with lots of weather information;  it is way too difficult to navigate, the graphics are too small to be useable, and the app is not user friendly.One of the frustrating problems is the app allows a user to add locations;  but makes it almost impossible to delete locations !  Even the Kindle tech people couldn't figure it out.I will look for alternative weather apps.....AccuWeather ruined a good thing when they revamped their site.Nice graphics along with good weather data.But the app does not allow User to remove cities once entered.  Since I travel a lot, my list of weather locations is annoyingly long!If Accuweather tweaked this problem, then I would rate 5 stars.Another suggestion: add "Dewpoint"  to the weather data.
I have mostly given up trying to use this app.  It may work better in some other locations.  It was free, so I guess I can't complain too loudly.
this app may not be the end all - be all of weather apps but it does what it is supposed to do for me. it has some room for improvement, so I'm sure the developers are hard at work tweeking and coding to make this app even better!
I was a former television weatherman and I had hoped this app would allow me the functionality of Doppler, NWS radar installation feeds, etc.For what I wanted, and what it does, it is useless to me.
Unfortunately, I downloaded both AccuWeather and The Weather Channel.  Thus far the competition has been better at the boiler plate weather information presentation.  Hurricane season started today,June 1st. I will be checking both for the most accurate information if a Gulf hurricane approaches my location
It's ok.  The app force closes at times, and the weather is not always accurate.  At least I can get an idea of if it is raining or not.  Sometimes.
Type in your location, and fuggedaboudit. Open it up and check your weather.I don't even know if it has radar, which causes me to give it only 3 stars.A motion radar map is a must.
You'll get what your looking for weather wise, but to me it seems to not be very user friendly.  My review may be bias.  I utilize a local New's app that I enjoy very much.
I loved this app BEFORE you updated it...now its too complicated. Is there any way to get the previous version?
Not bad.  Just want more details or information at times.  Needs better severe warnings if available from the national weather advisory.
maps quit working after upgrade. every thing else is great.  easy to use and manipulate.  fix the maps portion and this app gets five stars
Its very nice to be able to catch the weather at a glance and this app. Does the job and have found it to be very accurate jupst what I need!!!  G.
I didn't like this app at all. I got this for my kindle fire and it was easily accessed but the radar wasn't very good. It gave you an average range not specific enough for me.
So it's raining. Zoom in on my location on the map but clouds cover labels. Should have a range of transparency so I can see more details.  When I m home ok but when traveling I need to see cities and towns labeled.Yes, you gave us lots of info but I liked the graphics on last version better.
I replaced this program with one that seems to work a little better. I guess it is okay but there are better ones out there.
its goodneeds a little bit more work.needs to get a full update is what I suggest beers improvement!!!
Tells the weather.  Love it.  Kees me informed and has ads.  Its as accurate as Sam Champion on Good Morning America
Far more accurate than the weather.com that I have on my computer.The only down side is that I haven't figured out yet how to delete locations I don't want.I really like the additions though, 15 day, feels like temp, etc.
The weather's accurate, and I love the RealFeel inclusion in the widget, but this app is so very slow to start up.  At first I thought it was just hanging; even after 10 minutes it was still loading.  Walked away and checked an hour later and it had actually started up, but that's way too long.  So now I have 2 weather widgets, this one (which I prefer) and another (where I can actually check the hourly weather within seconds).
A nice weather app, but I'm not getting weather updates as often as claimed.  Sometimes it can be hours rather than 15 minutes.  Uninstalled it.
I am sorry to say that I have not used this app very often. I tend to use the 10 o&#34;clock news and a look out the window.
Maybe its my phone but it seems slow geting from one portion to the other of this app.I also like to see other locations when we travel.  But once I put that location in the its always there and it slows down the rest of the app.  I would perfer if it knew my location and gave me that weather first and then I could choose another location if I want.
Not impressed, I liked the old version.  I would really like to download the old version if that is possible.
I have used accuweather for ages, HOWEVER, since they've &#34;updated&#34; their software, they've really screwed it up.  Unless you have a magnifying glass you can hardly read the forecast temperatures etc.  The font is super small.  They used to have a real nice format, readable, pleasant to the eye, easy to  navigate but now....forget it.  I uninstalled it from my iPhone too and went with Yahoo Weather instead it's much better in my opinion.
This is great if your job depends on weather. It is very deep. But all I needed was just the basic weather report. I now use weather bug. Amazon has alot of great free apps to experiment with.
All in all this is a good program. The temp is lacking in accuracy by up to 7 degrees. the weather maps are great and very informative as well as a number of the other functions. i use it in addition to Weatherbug. Between the two i get the information I need.
removed the apps liked the weather channel app better.  just a personal choice but the same functions exist so i like screens a little better in weather channel
latest version locked on radar map while I was scrolling location. locked on picture frame &amp; nothing including time would change it. kindle couldn't be turned off. l had to let battery run down to reset. l liked the previous free version layout better. totally disliked pay version; took it off device
I don't know if it is my phone setup (I've checked all the configuration options and I don't think it is) or just the app itself, but when my phone sits for any period of time, I lose my location and current temperature. in order to get it back in my tray, I have to 'wake up' my phone and wait approximately 20 seconds  for it to update. a little annoying but I guess it is worth it for a free app.
this app is good,  but it has froze my kindel fire that it took a while to shut off and restart. but still a good app for ur phone just not ur (KF-kindel fire)!!
its hard to find the forecasted temp for the day, it  only shows the current temp and conditions. I can see that out of my window! I want to know how to dress for the day.
When I first installed this app about a week ago, I assumed it was to be trusted since I use accuweather on my laptop (which has yet to fail me). However, people were talking about a big storm coming, but accuweather told me that it's only cold with a bit of flurries. After telling my friend about what I heard from this app, she showed me an app for a local news station which showed the big storm coming. After that, I uninstalled accuweather.Tl;dr version: this app isn't as accurate as the laptop version. If you want a weather app that's truly accurate, look elsewhere.
the upgrade took a simple, yet elegant app &amp; complicated it by jamming in just about every piece of weather info one could think of.  why?  the beauty of the original was that what I most wanted to see most often popped up immediately in full screen.
its always on hogging the ram on my kindle. even tried using an app killer but still on. no option in the settings either.
Appearance is good, and this app is easy to use.  However, the temperature is wildly inaccurate for my locations.  I suspect they may need to double-check the zip codes/locations.
perfectly fine app but pales in comparison to weather bug features.  Too bad that app isn't available on kindle yet
I think the Weather Channel app is better than this one, but it might be because I am more familiar to the Weather Channel. If you have the Weather Channel you don't need two of them.
This app was fine the way it was.  I don't like the new layout.  I tried to get one day and the app would not open so I removed it and downloaded it again and everything was different.  Don't fix it if it's not broke.
This app is fine for weather updates. However since installing it I am now getting a lot if targeted ads. I find this to be very annoying. I will be unistalling the app for this reason.
This ap is ok I use it periodically typical weather so. Some good features.wish i didn't have to submit a min number of words for this review
Not sure why but don't always get accurate current weather. Also just not crazy about the way it's laid out. Not a bad app but I prefer Weather Bug.
I just downloaded this ap and thought it was ok until I read the reviews ... apparently it was much better before the last update.
certainly could be better but its ok! app needs work bug its not Bad for now. looking forward to upgrades.
After trying a several "kindle approved" weather apps-  this one and The Weather Channel app proved to be about the same-- Lacking.  No hourly or even every several hour breakdowns.  No pinch zoom on radar maps and only thirty minutes worth of radar loop.  No barometric pressure and only shows humidity for the current day. Overall dissatisfied but this is probably the best among VERY limited options.  Give me Weatherbug or Wunderground please.  ANYTHING with a marine forecast and tide charts included would be nice.
The maps have that weather color coding right in the middle of the map.  Surely there is a way to get rid of it? ???  I finally figured out how to navigate the app. Sometimes updates do not make an app better.
Worked for a little while but now force closes on my when ever I want to look at the doppler. I loved it in the beginning but won't tolerate it not working. Uninstalled. DROID incredible
I loved it at first but suddenly it just crashed every time I used it.  very frustrating as it was one of my favorites.
The graphics leave a lot to like, but it's good for the information, the program is a T S R program, and it's slow.
This app could use some upgrading. Doesn't load very well, however it is OK for my needs. Although I expeded better from AccWeather.
29&deg;f and it says poor for every activity, &quot;colder than you'd like&quot;.  Like its perfect for many outdoor activities.  How do you even know what I like?Other than that though its a pretty good app.
Was wondering how well it would work in my little area and it does really great! Want a quick look, this is the app
It works just fine but the weather.com app is superior. Sorry AccuWeather! Otherwise it is easy to use and updates fast
The app is decent. I like the news videos and the 15 day forecast.  The only problem is the radar function made my kindle freeze twice and I had to restart it.  Other than the radar problem I enjoy the app.
jduduf ufufurufi idirurur uriruri jwjfi Nehru oeiejh iejhci hehdufifh jdhnhehfu hhhfi iijdhvur hfhfi jdjfjdjjcifihdidjfhydu hfhdh gwfrjxi hdhdisjfofye udhdrjfifgdjdif7fuffr54fjfjfh jdhru ushering fy ksbdbvki
Slow to load, slow to update, seemingly designed for a full sized desktop screen and clumsy on an 8.9" Kindle.
Very beautiful display.  Does not show amount of snow or rain predicted or details of the warnings unless you go to AccuWeather web site and then it is too small to read
It, s ok
the updated app seems to load slower, it is harder to find information. and it seems more cluttered. Don't update
accurate forecasts, but on my blackberry it gives me hourly forecasts for the current day, and that doesn't seem to be available on the aneroid. version.
I think it is OK for a basic weather program for those who just care about keeping track of their local forecast and current conditions.
I have the kindle fire and at first, this app would lock it up. so I uninstalled it. Then I would reinstall it to look at the radar. After several reinstalls, it has worked really well. Therefore the 3 stars.
This app is efficient as it gives a reasonable forecast but not much else.  It's free so what did I really expect
I don't like the new changes to the format. Not as User friendly. Radar is hard to find. You have to scroll around to find info now when it use to be all on the same screen.
Beautiful looking app. Lots of bells and whistles. However, display does not change whenever tablet is turned. Always on feature does not allow Kindle to automatically shut off when cover is closed. Had to uninstall. I like my auto-sleep/wake feature more than the fancy weather app.
I have used this app for some time and overall like it. The problem is selecting the forecast information. Selecting the Midwest zip code for my home area gets great information about the east coast. Well, I have already seen that weather or am currently experiencing it. Please allow me to select upcoming weather rather than just what just left.
Good app overall for what it does, and it's free. It is slow loading, and seems to get confused when you have multiple locations entered.
This app worked a lot better before the upgrade.  It was much faster, up to date, now I have to wait for all the new features to load.
Haven't had it long enough to see if it is accurate, but I wish it had percentage chances of precipitation.  That is always helpful when planning.
When I first downloaded it showed up say the top of my phone with temp &amp; weather condition. Now only the temp &amp; then I have to click onapp for it to even post. Amy suggestions?
This app has a whole lotta stuff to love abickering lineout it. My only complaint and it's a bigone iis that the radar doesn't work. Even after the update it still just gives me a blank white screen with thin flickering lines horizontally across it.  It shows the bar to run the animation and when I click the arrow it reads off the time like the  animation is running.  3 stars till that is fixed.
I was looking for an android version of the Apple App MyRadar. AccuWeather is not what I had hoped it would be.Uninstalled.
All of the features that I once used daily are now gone or difficult to find or use since the application was &quot;upgraded&quot; during the March update.
This version is overly complicated and distracting. I one can get past the chaotic interface there is a good deal of information and actually a weather forecast. be patient and persistent and you shall be rewarded.
I "bought" this to replace the Weather Channel App on my Android phone due to memory issues - Uses too much memory and won't offload to SD Card ... This APP, while nice, is even worse than the Weather Channel on these issues ... still looking for a good one that will offload to the SD card.
Beautiful to see interface, however, it is not AccuWeather in my location of Mt. Pleasant, Ut. I would rate it 5 stars otherwise.
The weather these days is unpreditable and need constant updatimg. I love this little app so much that it the app for me.
No real stand out quality that would separate from the other big business designs.Hope this isn't the cause of these crappy ads that are suddenly showing up in m
Though this product delivers info about the weather it is often difficult to read the first page.  Today, for example, there are pretty pink flowers as background but the white writing superimposed can hardly be read.  I still can't read the &#34;feels like&#34; temp.There are also too many clouds on the hourly screen: again I can't read the white text.Maybe black text or a less busy background would help.dm
this app is ok because the current weather feature is not always accurate.  I mean it could be storming for over an hour and its says sunny. the saving feature is the current radar map and 14 day future weather cast. it has potential to be a great app. just needs to be adjusted. this is of course my humble opinion.
I love this app.  I check it multiple times a day.  Everything about it is great.  Well, was great.  The updated interface is too busy and cold.  Now it looks like Every. Other. App. Interface.  I liked the simplicity and readability of the old interface.  Having tons of info is great.  Cramming it all on one page is not.
I'm not sure if it's the wifi-only connectivity or the lack of GPS, but this app locks up frequently on my fire or throws errors. The app looks great when it works, but if it is going to be "fire friendly" it should account for data connectivity not being a constant.
While this app looks great, I too will not install this without knowing why it wants so many unnecessary permissions.
This app seems to have more bugs than a New York hotel bed. It takes at least 2 tries to launch and it crashes almost every time. The concept of an upgrade is good only if the result really goes in the desired direction. This app was better before it was &quot;improved.&quot;
Like for the most part. Freezes up often.  Map is good. Just wish you could get a future button on the map for future storms.
It gives you the correct information on the weather, not allot of bell and whistles however, maybe the paid version is better.
All of a sudden according to this app I've moved to queens ny and there's no was to eliminate this location
I really like this app. It is direct and very accurate. Simple enough to see day at a glance or even week weather.
This if a simple app. I prefer The Weather Channel app because it has more detail and information on severe weather alerts.
I liked the 15 day screen before. now you have tried to get so much on one screen that it is hard to read and visually baffling. change it back... it wasbetter.
its not the greatest app ever.. I prefer other weather apps... but its okay. useful if ur just quickly checking for what to wear due to weather.
its weather forecasts...they are never perfect. app seems ok, used on my kindle and droid. what else can I say?
This app works and gives you everything you need to know, but I prefer The Weather Channel app over this one... just my personal opinion.  I just think this app is too cluttered/busy... that's all.
this app crashes if you try to add another location to pick from to check the weather. I am in different cities a lot and that's dissappointing. just opening it makes it crash and sometimes even when you're viewing your own city..even before the app opens, it crashes.
Applied the new update.  Really think I'll like it, but for now the main radar will not load.The snapshots of different locations works, but none of the moving radar maps will come up!Tried uninstalling and re-installing, but maps still not working on my android phone.Had no trouble with the older version.May have to go with someone else if it can't be fixed.  :(
Accuweather is okay but I would prefer it if the radar screen would be the first thing to come up
This is a nice app but I already have the Weather Channel app installed and in use. nice graphics but too busy for me
Wish they'd left it the way it was. New version is slower to load and a bit more difficult to use. Frames don't align well on the Fire. More info yes but at cost of ease of use.
I am annoyed that not every location's weather is available.There is an apt that I saw on a friend's smart phone that will give weather for wherever the phone is upon opening.If AccuWeather could do that it would be the ultimate.
This is not as easy to use as their regular program, maybe just my problem.Lots of information but not real intuitive.
well u can't get on it if u don't have wi-fi but when I'm at home I can check the weather but when I go somewhere its kinds useless.
Cant really figure out how to do the animation on it, sometimes it would come up and sometimes it wouldn't.
Would be nice if you could upgrade app to chose &quot;current location&quot;. I like all of the other applications, especially current conditions.
I no longer need to go outside when someone asks me about the weather. What a time saver.This app seems to be accurate and reliable and satisfies my basic requirements for a weather app.
Not the best weather app I've seen, but, it gives me the basic information I feel I need. And, it was FREE!
The app is ok, the only problem is my storm shelter is too far from my WI-FI for it to work.  I guess I'll have to break down and buy an I-phone or something to be able to use it.  I don't like this one as well as some of the other weather apps that I have used.
Unable to pinpoint towns when WX is on map. Map code writing is too small.Some of the choices in the left hand side of the window are confusing.
Great app. Great graphics. Missing radar unless i just cant find it. Too bad because i really love the layout, graphics, and content
I would like to have live feed and warnings with this app. It does go to my home town and has radar which is nice and a week of weather for my town.
well all I have to say is the this wasn't the best app because one night it was supposed to snow.and then it changed like everyone changed and I was mad because I wanted snow
A decent weather app with moderately user-friendly features,  Hourly details less important to me than the 15 day forecast,  To date forecasts are accurate within acceptable margins.
Runs as expected and provides lots of information.  I'd like to see these apps self-terminate when the user is done with them, perhaps using a timer to check for non-use.  A quality app worth having.
I am dissapointed with the upgrade. I do not care for the appearance  or the symbols. They lightened up the backgrounds and in my opinion made it harder to read. I would like to go back to my old app.
the app is very slow across all of my devices. the format is good but what value is good if it takes all day to get there. the. old version was much faster.
The daily temps and conditions are not very good. I use the radar to find out what is going on.
this app doesnt have the accurate time. I refresh it but it goes up 30 minutes. for example it is 12:00 but is says 10:45 up there i refresh it and it goes to 11:30. weather hd is better you can enter city, wind speed, how hot it is, the RIGHT time, and other stuff
Even when under direct large slow moving storm systems the radar map only shows light blue coloration and moves in hour intervals. Compared to other apps even lousy ones this apps radar map is sub-standard. I wish it would be improved because it's the feature I use most often in apps of this nature. Everything else is superior in my observations, but untill the radar portion is improved looks like its back to weatherbug for us, since accuweather's radar is not reliable.
I like this app OK, but it isn't very user-friendly.  For instance, I added a NY location instead of a NC location, and there doesn't seem to be any way to remove the NY INCORRECT location.
I like the site BUT I don't like the product adds that run across the bottom of the it. I couldn't find anyway to get rid of it. If it wasn't for that I would have given it a 5star.
While the new version has much more info I found the old version much easier to navigate in.  Given a choice I would stick with the old one.
App was fine. just a lot more information than what I needed. Seems like a good app if you want all that.
Seems to  work good, and seems to be accurate. No problems with this one. o.k. It takes too many words to tell you it's ok
this app works amazing!,,,,,until,  it crashes. :(  you have to get an upadate every few fays or.you can't open the app
Considering the price I probably shouldn't quiibble so much.  Until I got the accuWeather app I had no weather information.  I tried to go to the accuweather site but Android and the default browser chopped the page up so badly it was unusable.  The AccuWeather app gives me everything I really want except for the moving radar weather map.  There is a small (about 1.5&#34; by 1.5&#34; static image of the radar return but when I try to enlarge the image all I get is a blank screen except for some small blocks at the top of the page which should show the image progress and rain amounts (I assume).  All in all an OK app but I will probably keep looking.
My Outdoor Fitness report will say &quot;...poor time for Outdoor Fitness...&quot;, even though underneath it says that temps and wind is just right. HUH???
good weather and forecasts internationally.  nice maps even in Russia.  a pollen count and forecast internationally would earn this app 5 stars
did not work so well in my area. I was disappointed with the app. would not recommend this too highly.
I 'bought' the 'premium' version from Amazon as a FAOTD for my HTC INSPIRE. Love it. But tried to download it for my Kindle, the only thing available is the 'free' version with ad, or purchase the now 'platinum' version to get rid of the ads on my Kindle. ??? Unable to get any answer from either Amazon or developer... they both seem to blame each other. No such problem with any other app.  :( So, what would be 5 star looses 2.But all things considered, I dont really need it on my Kindle anyway. For my phone, its a great app.
Keeps on opening the app store on my Kindle Fire to buy Candy Crush!!! I dont want Candy Crush so get out of my face! Then I press back to look at my weather and about 10 seconds later it does it again! Over and over! Really annoying!
looks good-like the information it contains however it freezes up my Fire each time I put the radar in motion.
This is so so so weather app didn't like it so went back to the weather channel version. But whatever you like I would say try them both and decide which one you like the best.
Some how my install selected Oslo Norway . I can't change it or remove it ie no remove only add in the update .Need to  update glitch.
This is an OK app for general weather conditions. The maps and videos are very generic and some of the extras such as how the weather matches my outdoor activity shedule just get in the way.
This app continually freezes up and tells you to retry> It sometime takes 4-5 attempts before it will open and work an then there is no way to tell when it will decie to stop working.  Other than that. I like the app and it's features and would love to use it more when they fix errors.
Not the best, however not the worse.  Has good functions, trying to navigate through the daily forcast is a pain.
The new update takes longer to load each time it is opened, has smaller print, is visually disorganized, and has less impressive graphics.  The previous version was much more user friendly, and deserved five stars.
The latest update of this software did not consider the KF portrait display.  It is fine in landscape mode but in portrait it will only display a full pane and half of the next pane.  Otherwise content is great and use the app often.
Pretty good with the weather but need to work on the Accu.  Been too far off on too many occasions, seemingly.
loved this app in the beginning but not all that happy with the upgrade. I find it hard to use. like the older version better. but do love the snapshot.
It would be better if you could remove locations added in error.  I could not find any way to remove a location, otherwise the app is fine.
causes kindle fire to freeze up on occasion, slow to update and constantly running in background . Hopefully the next update will remedy this
a robust weather app. easy to use and great interface.  only drawback is that it remains as an untended item in the notifications toolbar.
Work great on Kindle Fire HD 9.8Needs some help on Samsung G S3.You can't see the map for all the town flags, almost unusable.
Data very good, speed of loading very good. Refusal to go to landscape mode when my fire hd is turned on its side very bad.
tends to crash often when using radar. not sure if its the app or just typical of android crappy os.
doesn't seem to be that accurate whither the forecast. I like the radar map, but I wish there were more maps. sometimes the ads slow the app down.
I like this app. It's nice to me able to have multiple cities to track, I have one for home one for work and one for a future vacation.
Not a bad app to h.ve on the kindle. Like most weather men it's right most of the time. Almost
great functionality, like it better than the stock app on my phone, but no app needs permission to place a call bypassing User input....
like the app but when you close it should close and not keep running on the applications list sucking up memory on my fire
Ok nothing spectacular but does ok use it but use yahoo weather on phone more often. Yahoo has better interface and is free also
I used to love this ap,  It showed me the weather for the week quickly, with smart, easy to understand  icons.  Now it does not give me the weeks weather, and the set up is annoying.  Time to shop for a new weather ap!
Has a great deal of info, but updated version is much harder to read.  Old version had nice, clear simple pictures, easy too read quickly.  Radar doesn't seem as clear.  Loads much slower.  For me, the update was not a good thing.
I wanted a weather app on my ereader tablet and got this one but didn't like it as much as the other ones.
I really like this weather app because the clutter and advertising are minimal.  However it is hard to figure out what day it is when looking at the 10 day forecast. I want to see days of the week please.
Item is not a good product but then you get what you pay for & in this case they were very cheap.
This app has been so helpful. My husband is a self employed plumber with a backhoe. This app has really come in handy for the digging jobs he has acquired. Rain being a huge issue in this business, this app has definietly helped with his schedule.
not always the most accurate when i check it in the morning before a run.  prefer weather channel for accuracy.
This is a very well made apps with video features and local weather. The only con I've noticed is that this app uses a lot of memory. You can not store this app on Sd of your kindle. On Android you can't neither so that's why 3 instead of 5
I experienced no issues on my Kindle Fire. but the iPad version is.more refined than this version.I guess the problem is for all Aneroid based Apps
A little hard to find what you are looking for. A key for all the little symbols used would be nice as well. The forecast taday looks like there is a 75% chance of a tornado??? I hope not! Wish I knew what they meant.
This is a pretty good app. I only use it to tell me the weather every morning. I like it.
Love the layout and navigation of this app.  Unfortunately it freezes when using the radar occasionally.  Requires a hard reset on the Fire.
I have a Kindle Fire and the old version of the app worked much better.  I can see where the Kindle Tablet would be better with the newer version of the app.
I like the app it is a basic weather app and shows weather trends for your area no more no less
Wish there was a way to enter an airport as a location. I've tried the 3-letter airport codes and typing the full name of the airports, none of which work. Also, with this upgrade the print size has shrunk compared to the earlier version I had installed, which makes it harder to read. Some icons are so small they are indistinguishable. Also, the black background of the earlier version was easier on the eyes, as opposed to the current white...another decrease in readability.
Would like to see a map of just Indiana with a movement of weather & showing how storms are moving how fast & what counties are under warnings
I Really haven't had this long enough to form a real opinion, so far ENJOY checking it out.  Don't have twelve more words to say about it at this time.  JudiQuilts
It does what you expect it to do. Good graphics in an easy to read format, Easy to choose location set-up and the ability to have weather information on more than one location. Sometimes, slow to load and and &#34;can't connect&#34; messages mar what is simple good information.
it works pretty good and does tell mostly correct weather. I use it frequently. it is pretty accurate and I enjoy using it.
Let me start by saying I like this app. I just think it could be better. It loads slow sometimes and I would like if it would show the high and low on the current tab.
It's OK, but nothing to write home about.  Between it and the Weather Channel it's a toss up, except WC seems to operate more erratically on my Kindle.
Once I find what I'm looking for, the app is good. But finding what I'm looking for isn't easy. If it were, I'd give the app a higher rating.
It is helpful, but it does not have as much information as other sites.  I wish it had some more information with it.
I wish it weren't upside down from everything else on my Kindle, and there's not much detailed information provided. Just basics.
Very helpful local data and long-term forecasting we have come to know from AccuWeather.  Nice selection of weather news videos.  The interface could use some tweaking.
Seem too hard to change or delete an incorrect city selection. Also the same problem with modifying default home city. These two option need to User friendly.
I like the weather channel better. Maybe I'm just so used to it - watch it on tv, my phone and my computers...
The words are too little and I can find no way to make the text larger.  I am only 29 and feel sillywith such a complaint!!  Old setup was better - but I will stick with it!
Great looking app with great maps.  However...the maps and radar do not load correctly or adequately on the Kindle Fire.  I was disappointed that it didn't work.
This worked well until they changed the format. I like Radar Express much better now. It depends on your personal opinion if you like it or not.
I enjoyed this but the ads at the bottom of the page just drove me nuts.  I deleted it and upgraded to the AccuWeather Platinum which is by far worth 2.99 and the ads are GONE!
occasional lag, trouble updating, battery drain...quite accurate, just make sure to disable gps whenever possible. Otherwise I do recommend this app over all others.
the app is nice when it works it crashes allot and I have to reload it bought other than that it's good
Accuweather is not really very accurate, but then I live in a rural area and have not found one that is.
it is ok, needs better graphics for the radar in all modes. it is also a memory hog. also app to sd
This app looks good, but doesn't update to show current conditions and time. You tap it and it goes to a browser page instead of just updating.
While the app is still very informative, I prefer the previous version. The new update changed the entire layout. It no longer fits my screen (I have the regular Kindle Fire) which makes me think that it is now formatted for the larger Kindle Fire HD screen. Previously I would have given this a 4 or 5 star rating, but now I feel it has beclme more cumbersome. Some of the additions were nice, like the maps, but sometimes simpler is better.
Would prefer actual moving radar pics. The options of additional locations to monitor vacation, home etc is nice. Not bad.
Its got some glitches here and there.  I have no problems loading on my Kindle Fire.  Sometimes the radar has the cities wrong but it doesnt happen often enough to really be a problem.  I cant seem to figure out how to delete cities.
it is ok but not great. it cannot display more than one city at the same time. weather channel is better on this regard. it does give more info.
while it was definitely visually appealing, once I had opened it on the morning there was from there on out no way to close it. even if its a minimal effort program it makes me nervous and when Im running on low battery having extra apps open makes me feel like I'm draining it faster.
I don't use it often. or pay too much attention at least. I was hoping it would have a bigger view on the screen on my kindle fire.but its hiding in the top left corner. it works great and its nice to know how it feels outside so I know how to dress. overall I like it for a free app.
Quick and accurate forecast, but radar did not show showers in my area.  NOAA radar did display rain.  Also locked up kindle fire requiring reset.
it could be like 5 and it says 3 and I try to refresh it and it don't change other than that good
it's fine for viewing the local forecast, but we've had a couple severe weather events and it didn't notify me in a timely manner.
seems like it could have a little more information. I still check this weather app but still find myself going to &#34;the weather channgel&#34; app as well. I feel like it has a more easy way of getting the information you want and a 10-day forecast and videos and such.I'm not unhappy with this app just needs a little work.
It's great for a preview, but wish it gave a little more information.  The paid version probably would give me what I want.
This app freezes alot. Would be upset if I had paid for it but as a free app it's not bad.
Useful
I like the info it provides on the main screen.  Easy to add locations.  I use it  a lot .
I Would like to see colors on the weather symbols of daily forecast  and percent of precipitation on the daily and hourly forecast
I have the 3yr old kindle and the app loads slow.  However it easy to use and very handy to have for instant weather updates when we are traveling or at  home.
No rational reason for a weather app to need half the privileges it requires. Looking at other accounts on the phone?  Blocking sleeping?And why does it require being logged in to Amazon App Store?Overall, it was an okay app before, but the privileges demanded smell bad, like spyware.Uninstalling rather than updating.
I think this app is okay,but I prefer the weather channel app. Their weather is more accurate in my opinion!
I have bee using this app for almost 8 months, and I just recently did your update.  I really liked the old version better!  I wish I could switch back to it! I also have the app on my android phone and like the version I have on there.  My recommendation to everyone is if you haven't updated on your Kindle fire yet, DON'T!
I like the old accu weather that had all of the health features especially the breathing cardio arthritis and the sports and all of the tips and different articles about them.  I LOVE  this
Loaded on a android and it is slow to load. Keep getting app not responding messages. Once it loads it works fine. I give it 3 stars.
App seems to take extra time to load data. Sometimes a little flaky and erratic, but could be my  wi-fi setup. All told works pretty good.
This app is ok...it would be so much better if it didn't run all the time. But for free, it'll do.
I enjoyed the older versions layout and colors  more.  It also seemed to run smoother on my device.  Maybe folks liked the old version a little to much.
...than the old version.  I dislike the bright white of the new interface, and with the old version, I had updates for all of my family/friends locations at my fingertips able to switch out with ease.  It might still be there, I just cannot find it.  The main view with the buttons at the bottom for switching out views are gone also.  It gives a rather cluttered feel.If they had a way to downgrade the version, I would as I liked the simpler interface.Just not the same for me, but most of you will like it.
New app is just O.K.  It is too busy to be easily readable - the old version was better!  What happened to the sunrise/sunset times?
I use accuweather on my desktop, and downloaded the app for my kindle fire. I like the looks of this app, and the features are basically just right. However, I use another product on my android phone - on which I also tried the accuweather app. I removed the accuweather app from my phone because the map was so slow to load. Same issue on my fire - painfully slow - and I can't find an option for a satellite map rather than the street map. The designers seemed to sacrifice speed for looks, but for weather apps for my fire, this is the best available.
It will do. It's a little difficult to change the default location and make it permanant. But it does serve it's purpose well enough. It is free, so like I stated in the beginning &quot; It will do.&quot;
Used this app for a few months and continually found need to check other weather apps for easier access to desired data.  Removed it.
I love the app but it keeps shutting down on me in the middle of checking weather.hope they can fix the problem.
I loved the previous version. Now I have to search to find the information I want. My biggest frustration is that I can't figure out how to delete cities. I only added one when we were getting ready for vacation. Can't even find a Help or Contact link to ask.
I liked the previous version. I would rather it did not run all the time. This version may take some getting used to...
App is really nice, has good accurate info. However, it locks up on occasion, loses connection, and is very slow to detect new locations...
No crashes so far or hiccups. Multiple locations can be set and there are little advisory warnings in case of flooding our extreme weather.
The latest update has changed the format dramatically, and not for the better. They have done everything they can think of to run me off, but I'm not that easy to get rid of. Holding out hope they will see the error of their ways.
Very nice layout. Not always accurate when comparing temperatures to other more reliable sources, but good overall. Would definitely recommend.
I is OK but not entirely what I wanted. I use it but will use the weather channel app more,
Not a bad ap.  The satellite play could be better.  I had too many with the Weather channel ap not updating information so I thought I would try this.
I like it. It tells you the weather. But it also constantly runs, even if you turn off the notifications. Since I uninstalled it, my battery life has gotten much better on my kindle fire. Also, fires are not all that powerful, so I suspect I'll also get less glitches when playing Temple Run.
this is a good weather app with a very clean User interface the weather videos are nice too. its a little annoying that it always shows up as a notification but that's the biggest knock against it
OK. Not  great but OK.  Too bad the new Yahoo weather isn't available for Kindle.  It provides the basic forecast.  The graphics are a bit primitive.
Good Information but slow. Uses a lot of memoryNot well suited for cell phones.  Very good for tablets. It needs an update
Great app, easy to navigate. However, every time they push an update, I loose my location settings.  This forces me to lower my rating to 3 stars.
Would like to be able to view weather forecasts out further, at least 10 days. The page could be simplified, too. It seems a bit busy.
This app is basic weather info, pulled up my location no problem but I can't get more than th  36 he forecast
over all very happy, it has been very useful with my day to day activities. with getting around and being prepared
Not always the most accurate so either slow to update or just wrong. Features are nice..just needs to be more accurate
Accuracy on current temperature is good but so far it's not been great at predicting weather for even a few hours
I don't like the fact I have to shut the app down every time I use it. When I get out of it it should close without using juice on my phone.
Overall I like this app. The annoyance that I commonly run in to is that one or two processes run on the background all the time even when you disable notification features that would likely turn things like that off.
this is a very nice and thorough app that displays weather information beautifully. HOWEVER, it appears to have some major bugs on the Kindle Fire. After I start the app and try to navigate around its screens, probably 50% of the time it freezes or crashes. that factor makes it hard to give this the rating it may deserves.  I have looked for other weather apps but there are very few.
Reliable but clumsily laid out. With time, I think this app will be significantly easier to read and navigate. In the meantime, I've come to trust its content.
The game is fun but......there are not enough ways to earn coins for the next game which means you cannot play often without purchasing coins!
Too much info on the screen. If you could customize your page to show only the info you wanted, (ie maps, current conditions, hourly forecast, and weekly forecast), then the screen would be much easier to navigate and would focus solely on the individuals needs from the app, while eliminating all unnecessary info. (ie temp trends, videos, daily temp graph etc)
I was not able to add my hometown. The app kept bringing another city closely named. I kept deleting and reentering, but never could get it to stick, so I chose a city nearby.  For a free app, it's alright.  It's easy to read and operate.
This is a good product but i found another one that I like better. This does not include a meter for battery strength.
Not bad for a weather app but you honestly can't take the 30 seconds to google search how the weather is from your local news channel's website?
with on for after at by in instead according to through out in then beyond into near between around about beyond into. I ran out of.prepositions.
This app is pretty good. I also have Weather Channel app and both are comparable. Each has their own advantages.
Nice app but it will continue running in background to drain battery and doesn't let you re-sort the locations you track for weather.
... But not so much at being user friendly.It only goes into portfolio  mode in one direction.  and you can't adjust the opacity of the radar in the map.
like the little weather videos best but wished they covered my local area specifically.  otherwise,it works well and is worth the download.
Like the app use it almost every day, but the details are small and are hard to read in the morning.
Good app for weather but it will not let me remove locations. Removing and trying a different one.  Otherwise it works fine
Not all info. I'd like but enough to get by maybe by moving pictures of the weather I would have liked better.
the app used to be good and now they've added so much more crap that things are smaller and harder to find
I loved it at first but you can't exit out of anymore. you should get something that would last longer. now I know why it's free.
I wish that this was not constantly running.  It works though!  It does exactly what it is supposed to.  I have it for my families cities to keep up.
Installed this as a replacement for Weather Channel's app. I like the presentation and the frequency of updates, but using the weather map caused my Fire to freeze almost every time I used it. I finally chose to uninstall.  if you don't use the map feature it's a fine choice, just had no luck with the maps.
works ok,  runs in the backgound bit i think it draws a lot on the battery.  it continues to look for update.
I have been appreciative of fiction in general and science fiction in particular for many years.  I can say, with all honesty, that weather sites and apps are some of the best science fiction I have ever seen.  AccuWeather rates highly in this genre, in my honest estimation.  Fictitious climate, glowing reports of bright skies, calm winds, and mild temperatures, but always for the next day or week.  This leads one to return to the app or site the following day or week to find that the illusive fair weather has moved to the next day or week.While AccuWeather is not alone in it's lack of accurate prognostication, it does it with such &eacute;lan and temerity that I must rate it as one of the better science fiction sites and apps which I have encountered.  Download the app and mark the Accuweather site as a favorite and tune in daily for another chapter in the science fiction of weather forecasting and long term weather control.  (It's the only way I can figure how they get a 2 week and one month forecast.).My advice:Tune it!  Turn on! Take your umbrella!
I like the new app a lot. The one item I can not find is the official Sun up and Sun down times.
I wouldn't totally trust this app because I know of several occasions where it was wrong, but it is aighht
It's a really nice weather program but it runs very slowly on my Android so I have to be patient.
would prefer that the current weather conditions and the weather radar be the intro screens. don't want to have to page deep into app to see what is happening outside now!
I love all the information one gets with this app. I think it takes awhile to load unlike on my iPad. The map seems way too pixelated for today`s technology.
I prefer better graphics. Maybe some animation.The weather seemed pretty generic, as well.I would not recommend this to anyone.
I love this app. Very accurate and informative BUT it keeps crashing which is very irritating.I'm not sure if I'm willing to keep putting up.with it.
my Kindle Fire just updated this app. I prefer the original radar map for ease of access, the ability to zoom to street level and the ability to scroll to different areas within the US.
Up dating and data collection seen to take a long time. The app is real glitzy but lacks depth of information. I find it a bit counter intuitive to use. It seems to be about par for weather apps of this type. The NOAA website and/ or app seem to be the best default for these kinds of apps.
Takes you to a web page if you need detailed info. If I wanted to go to a web page I wouldn't need an app.
I like the hourly and 10 day forecast with the radar maps.I don't t like how it loads each time I want to look at it.kit it better than the New format from the weather channel,  which I realliy liked before they changed the format.Nana
On my (admittedly crappy) tablet, everything it too large. It might fit the data well on a phone screen that's smaller, but on a larger tablet it is mostly wasted space. I wanted to use it on my tablet stuck to the wall to show me the weather for the day. I ended up installing another program.
The app is quite buggy and doesn't display a good 5 day forecast. The interface is mediocre as well.Meh...
This app provides more weather information than most people want or need stretched out over several pages, making it difficult to comprehend at a glance. A single screen (or page) for each locattion of interest giving outside air temperature and humidity with a standard 24-hour forecast would be preferable. However, it should also include warnings of severe weather.
Please see title, pretty much sums it up. This minimum word nonsense is do annoying I'd like to kick the asa that decided to require it. Sheesh!
This weather app does all the basic functions. It's designed for a smart-phone size screen so it feels a little awkward on the Kindle Fire. There's probably better weather apps out there, but you could live with this one - it's just not a must have recommendation.
nice, but lots of bugs.  crashes quite a bit.  it sometimes requires a revolt in order to fetch new data
ok app. use it on my kindle fire. there is a 13 word minimum and it seems I had to leave a comment
I was very happy with this app and found it very easy to use. The information was right there, complete,  in color and loaded quickly. Now it's gray and blah and not inviting at all. Since radar is usually in color and the app isn't, I'm not even bothering with that. I'm getting rid of this app
This is a good app for a quick and detailed check of the weather for home and my other favorite places.
Some times you can look out the window and guess what its going to do.  Updates seem to be slow.
The weather reports I have looked at are close to local weather reports, but if you are depending on a little more accuracy, it may not be for you. But, even the weather stations have a degree of inaccuracy. It's at least worth a look. I still use the app for a general daily report.
got to work on fire. scale is a little big for screen. works fine though and forecast is about as accurate as any.
accurate but won't turn off on exit. can't cancel using task mngr or clearing ram. pretty stupid i have to reboot to get rid of it.
It is okay I believe it is okay because I used another one and I do not know if it is the right one or not if so or not you are still good
Good enough as far as weather predictions go. Where it really fails is location information. No matter how many times I delete unwanted locations, they persistently return. (always the same ones; Roxbury, Roxbury Crossing, and a specific street address a few miles from my home). Other apps with the same location permissions get it right, within 20 or 30 feet. Get it right, or don't bother trying to be so specific with locations. &#34;Boston&#34; would be good enough for me, but if a specific street address or Zip code is going to show up, having it be on the other side of town is just an annoyance. For a free app, the ads at the bottom are not very intrusive, so I gave it three stars instead of two.
Good information but annoying that I couldn't seem to find out how to view it in landscape format. Otherwise good presentation.
Would be an excellent app except for fact that it continues to lock up when maps are put in animation.  When this happens I have to hold power button until my kindle fire shuts down.
This app is ok,  I was used to a local station, but couldn't find that one for my kindle that worked.
It's okay,  I guess I should have paid for the upgraded version to eliminate the bothersome flashing ads that jump around at the bottom of the screen.
Had the weather channel before but had to remove it since it was not always working properly. Using this one for now.
Forecast was pretty actually what happened.I WILL SUGGEST IT to  others. We planned our vacation around the forecast do too
Nice app.  I would have given 5 stars if the maps were enlargable or zoomed.  Lots of nice information and easy to use.