Great little program but it would have been niceif it had a little box for extra notes.A lot of web sites ask about 3 security questionsthe first time you log on, or if you lose your cookies.But there is no room in this program to enter that information.
Had the free application and recently upgraded to the paid app to eliminate adds. Minor problem with the transition was quickly addressed by the publisher and he was quick to respond to emails. Very happy with the purchase although I think the add supported app is just fine, I just didn't want the warning screens and adds.
seems to work well on the nexus s. Widgets look clean, but could be more graphically pleasing(personal opinion not saying there is anything wrong with current). would love to have a speed test for internet not just speed of wifi connection to access point. so I think it would be cool to see connected at 54mbs/ internet 3.2mbs. overall nice app. recommended!
Generally, I've found the reviews given by Orbitz regarding the hotels are right on, both the positive and the negative posted. So, rate the detractions, compliments, and advantages with your budget.
Have used them for securing flights and have found them to give me the best deals and compare several airlines.
The App is good, not excellent.  Doesn't have all the features that have the Internet page like tha vacation packages.  The lack of that is the one thing that make me not give an excellent
Very easy to use. In fact searches are faster to do with the app than on the website. Even if compared to a computer.
This app was helpful AFTER we booked our vacation through their website. The app works great to check your itinerary or confirm check in/out times, flight times etc. It is much easier to book everything online through their site but this app works well to check your plans after they have been booked.
It was pretty easy to navigate and it does not take long to book flights. I just wish that there's a way to be able to choose seats.
I had no problems. I knew what I wanted found it, booked it. Simple.  What more do we need to book a hotel or flight?
Works as advertised. Wish I got a discount for using it. Never booked a hotel cheaper by booking on app.
Not a huge traveler but it's nice to know I have it when I need it. It seems to be very user friendly. Looking forward to using it soon!
When I working hard i love this apps because give me all the option to do a travel, from rent car, hotel, plane
This is a very good service with many good price.It is not the best price on the internet.Compare , be patient to check around others.Sometimes Orbitz offer good price, but it is depend on your destination too.
Orbitz is ok, but it is kind of like Marshall's, TJ Maxx or Ross, you might occasionally get bargain after a lot of pile picking over the course of many fruitless visits.  Usually, there is nothing going from or to any place that related to you
Its easy to see what exactly you need. Love it. You get the prices options and the options to choose non stop and all of thatHappy that I tried this app
The app is very beautiful, and works nicely.  Being unable to change the wallpaper is a real drag though.  I would reccomend it nontheless even with its flaws.
It's a little slow, but otherwise perfectly functional. Wish I could change the colors, though. Maybe I can, haven't looked that deeply into it yet.
Solid game, well thought out, and complete.  While the basis of the game is a simple match 3, the devs put some thought into taking the idea and making it their own.  Graphics and sounds are all very well done, gameplay is smooth throughout.  The background music works with the graphics scheme as isn't distracting.
I first played this on my ipad. Relaxing music and simple game play. I have never purchased any bonus item,  but still manage to have fun. (written by 33/F/TX)
I bought this originally on my iphone before I ditched it. It's a nice challenging game that is relaxing and enjoyable without being frustrating. The music is enjoyable.The only downside is that the music gets a touch repetitive and I keep thinking that there is going to finish with the next level.
Here's my review of the free version.  I liked so much that I bought the app!  Not much has changed except that there are no more ads in the Pro version.  I still can only play four keys at a time and the zoom feature doesn't work on my Thrive tablet so I can only see one octave and a few notes at a time.  It would be nice to have more keys available as I could work with more narrow keys.  But apparently that is more a "feature" of the program with my tablet.  With your device the zoom function might work.  Nice sampled piano sound with LOTS of midi sounds available.Here's my review of the Mini Piano Lite app:I can play three or four (but not five) notes at a time, and they blend together in a chord. The keys are full-sized on my tablet (I wish they were a bit smaller to fit more of them on-screen. I can play the natural keys from between the sharps. Right now you can move through the larger keyboard in two ways - one uses a slider on the bottom of the screen and the other allows you to drag the keyboard back and forth by the keys themselves. Apparently there is a zoom function which would allow you to place more keys onscreen at the cost of making them more narrow, but I can't access that feature on my Thrive Tablet. I want to commend the app programmer as he wrote me about a previous version of my review and told me about the zoom feature. It's nice to see people checking up on their work! So far, I like this the best of the "pianos" here.
works well on the Coby Kyros MID7024.My only real complaint is this is obviously a phone app since it resizes everything to 320x240 so forget about HD unless you don't mind.That said it is still a very good player with good quality playback.
I love this app. It was great for sorting my videos and great for playing them. A few things I suggest fixing; the &quot;hide&quot; button is right by the &quot;play as music button&quot;, so I always get it stuck in the &quot;Hidden Videos&quot; folder. Also, when I try to get it out, I can't, so there should be an &quot;unhide&quot; button.
Easy to use if only it had a download feature would be five stars !!!!! Ok ok ok ok ok
My son can now play back videos he makes with his camera. If he is happy then so am I.
You can't beat the price. I like that it will give you the choice of resume or start over. I would have given it 5 stars but on 2.2 it leaves the side bar on.
This product work with the youtube dowloader.  It works even with avi files that I would upload from my computer as well.  It isn't as intuitive as other players in that you have to hunt for the files a little bit unless they are placed in the specified folder that Meridian uses.  Other players are more intuitive but don't handle the range of video files.This one does not work with FLV files.
The design of this player is good.  However, when used on the Kindle Fire to play my own mp4 files of films and shows there is a major problem. The problem is that mp4-encoded films that are in widescreen format are force-fitted to the Fire's screen in a way that messes up the displayed aspect ratio.  All the films that I have tried to play were rendered with an aspect ratio that was about 16% too "tall", causing everything to look stretched vertically. For instance, a film with a true aspect ratio (correctly rendered from the same mp4 file as 2.385:1 on my PC and on an iPad) was rendered on the Fire as 2.068:1.  Another film that had a true aspect ratio of 2.237:1 was rendered as 1.987:1. I find this "squeezing" of the image to be so annoying that I have given up trying to watch films on the Fire using my own mp4 files.  (Amazon-coded films, bought from Amazon, do not suffer from this problem.)I suspect that the root cause lies within Amazon's code, not in this particular app, since the same problem occurs with the Fire's native video player.  However, I make this comment here in the hope that the developer of this app will put pressure on Amazon to either (a) fix the underlying problem, or (b) tell them how to correct for the issue within the video player app.
I will say that it needs a few tweaks for smaller devices. But other than that, it seems to be quite impressive. Customizable swipe gestures to control things? Yeah, that's a neat function.
I haven't used this item extensively so i'll just be brief and say it appears to do well at filling the hole that Amazon left by excluding a video player on the Kindle Fire.
Plays all my music from Spotify and TubeMate and never has caused me trouMarware Vibe Standing Case for Kindle Fire HD 7", Purple (will only fit Kindle Fire HD 7")ble
Meridian is the only player I've encountered to date for an android device that supports continuous play playing one video and then the next. That's worth it by itself.But I wish it had traditional controls when you tap the screen. Its swipe-seek feature is not intuitive.
An interesting puzzle game, which is very configurable.  Swap out the images for your own, change grid sizes, and more.  Nice background music.  The one thing that puzzles me though is, why is there no fanfare when you finish the puzzle?
However, it is difficult to know what to do at first.  Once I figured it out, it was fun and difficult.  I'm stuck on one of the levels right now, which hasn't happened before with any puzzle game, so YIPEE!  It needs more explanation/tutorial and an explanation on how to go back to start.  I figured these out by going to the menu.  There is a &#34;reset&#34; button and then there is a way to go back to a lower level if you get stuck on a high level.  The game is fun and much more fun then trying to do it the old fashioned way with real pennies because you can't cheat or make mistakes :-).
I love this app! I am a web site developer for a very small business so the network function is excellent for me. I love that you can edit the files directly on the ftp server instead of having to copy the contents to a temp file!
Clean and easy to use, not a lot of features, but then again I only need to be able to see what'son the machine
I use it occasionally and it is perfect for my application. User interface is good and not complicated and let me navigate and see the system files.
This is a simple and easy-to-use file manager. It does all that it claims to doI would give it 5 stars if I didn't need a magnifying glass in order to read the print!
It's a file manager, it works for what it is intended. Not much more to say about it. I am sure there are better ones out there.
Great app that lets you find where files you downloaded went when you think they are lost in the web
Good organizational tool. It is easy to use and suits my needs. Looking forward to using it more often for work purposes.
There are numerous file managers available for the Kindle series. This one allows you to see (but not necessarily access) the entire directory structure.
Very handy little app. Great for wirelessly linking my Kindle HD to the house's network and browsing for files though a bit slow. Any difficulties probably due to the Kindle 's obscure filing system.
This is a very use utility to manage file on tablets.  user can establish tabs to quickly access various storage devices both internal and external.
No bells and whistles here, but that might be a good thing.  You don't want an app like this to be difficult to navigate or understand. Well put together and helps keep my stuff in order.
It does a nice job and allows me to see the files and move them where I want them. A classic Windows type folder view. I like the ability to place folders in the external SD folder for retrieval later. Files like picutres, video and sounds can take up the SD space instead of the Ipod memory. It does not show or allow movement of the programs embedded in the IPOD however, just the data they generate.
There are some things with this application that needs improvement. Going through the things in the file manager can be quite confusing considering that you have to open each and every one of them to see what they are inside. There seems to be a lot of things that are in the application that, I believe, should not be there at all.
Cool not better than file manager free the too best file managers on the amazon market its a very great app I would recommend to all kindle users
It works fine for me. Have a simple layout with all the tools you would needed in a file manager
This app works great! Just wish the developer would remove the &quot;Internet Needed&quot; portion of the app as it interferes with the playback of movies and documents. The other thing is that, I would wish that the developer would put out a &quot;paid version&quot; of this app (Professional Version). I recommend this app to all Kindle and Android Tablet users.
Every tablet should have this.  There are several applications that do this-check them out.  You need a file manager on a tablet to make downloads more apparent and easier.
I downloaded this program to help with finding an installation package and it worked great.  I would definitely recommend it for use on the Kindle!
It did as it was designed to do, but not what I was looking for. The price was right, free.
fast light weight and easy to use. Auto scans home network for easy transfer between phone &amp; laptop. Add supported with some rather risque  adds. I liked the proram enough to purchase to get rid pf adds.
Just what I needed to manage my non-kindle files on my Fire HDX.  I can now organize files in folders and improve my searches and assign apps to handle the default presentation.
I downloaded file manager so I could move the pictures on my HTC cell to the card so I could download them to my computer.  I have used it 1 time, but it worked perfect and easily.
I downloaded this app, so I can watch some videos I side loaded to my Kindle Fire.The app works great. Clicking on a side loaded video plays it on the fire. Makes my Fire more useful as a digital life style device. I am watch my Mythtv recordings on my fire when I expend the effort to get the videos there.
Allows me to go through the downloaded documents and use a proper pdf reader on them.  Haven't tried other uses.
It works for me.  My husband downloaded it and showed me how it works.  It works great on my kindle.
Very useful tool to access the file system of the Fire Kindle tablet, I now be able to see where my file download to.
Its good.Better than the  others I have tried.With the latest version I am able to make the font larger too.Full featured. Sort of like the windows file explorer.Search works well. Favorites are easy to create.Succeeds on many tasks others fail on.Thanks for the recommendation to try the newest version which allows for easy to read font size!
yeah.l can go to internal store install app.look easy hjkkh gjjjgg hkkgfg jjjfff jjhggg ddfghbvf ghkkgfh hgfvjjjgjffg gddhj kkkjj fffdf iuytf fffhj ghjjj
This is the best clock app I've installed. I'd give it 5 stars if it could customize the digit colors. (there's no easy way to do this) I really like that there's no advertising anywhere in the app.
Really like the look of the clock.. But I cant find where to set the digit colors. I get the option for 24 or 12 but thats it. Please let me know im missing . Thanks and keep it up!
I love this clock, but as with all the previous reviews I've read, it's really disappointing to not be able to customize the digit colors - especially since it says you can in the app description. It's also disheartening to see that this has been an issue in every review back to 2011. It's now 2013 and no comment or fix :( Update it to change the colors and this is a 5 star app.
I purchaced this app...I really like it but.... wheres the color changes, wheres the update? would give 5 stars if it was the FULL app.
This minimalistic clock works great for those who want to see more of their wallpaper or need more room for apps/widgets.  There aren't any options available to customize colors and display, though, which is a bit disappointing.
For travelers, friends in other countries, Internet radio and TV affectionados this is a great app and can be used as a widget too.
This app works fine on my Kindle Fire. Its a basic app, but s fun one. I'll use it and hope the developer keeps improving it. For a free app, I think we users should be more encouraging to developers. It takes there time and money to bring these to us...
I am enjoying this twist on Match 3 and Mahjong games. The graphics are nice. The game play could be a little more challenging. The main negative for me is the music. I like the music but it is too repetative and quickly becomes more of an irritation. Adding additonal background music would be a nice improvement. Overall a pleasurable and playable game worth 99 cents.
Love playing and can't quit. Just wish it would show statistics on home page. To see where you are you have to resume game and then you are in game again without way to quit until you win. Not that it stops me because I get through all levels and just start again.
This was an interesting take on a mahjong game. It starts out a little too easy, but it gets more challenging. You match three tiles rather than two. There are overflow boxes on either side where new tiles flow into them. Once those fill up, your game is over. You have to work quickly to progress through the levels. The graphics were nice and the game ran fine on my fire.
Its Mahjong only its not. I like the concept, and I really appreciate the fact that the developer doesn't use the un-necessary "fishing" permissions that so many apps are using these days. Thank you!The game itself is fun, and easy to use and easy to learn. my only complaint is that the blocks are a little awkward to manipulate, but that doesn't really impact much on the game play. Great way to kill a few minutes of time even small children would enjoy the beginning levels.If you enjoy Mahjong you should try this game. The graphics are outstanding on my Kindle and the music that I thought would be annoying actually isn't too bad! Nice app.
So the concept of this game is fun, but playing on a phone was frustrating at times. It's hard to get to tiles that aren't fully visible unless you have very small fingers!
Fun game.  I like the similarity to Mahjong Demensions in Pogo.  It is addtictive and different.  It is sort of a neverending game.
So far has run fine on my Kindle Fire. Got though all 45 levels in Easy mode and about halfway through on Average. As I normally turn off the sound and music on game apps, I can't comment on eithet. I'll agree it's a battery hog.
I play this daily; but now when I try to open it gives me message cant play now. what's with this?
I'm liking the game but every now and then it freezes up and I have to exit, iron out the kinks and you'll be golden! p.s. I have a Galaxy S3 so its not my hardware doing the freezing lol
I had trouble at first on my Samsung Galaxy Tablet.  It would stop working but for some reason that stopped and did just in time because I was about to delete it.  I got it as a FAOTD and love it.  My coworkers have seen me playing it at lunch and were drawn in by the beauty of it and try helping me play!
I bought the free version and liked it so much that I decided to get the paid one hoping for no ads, but was unable to install on my kindle fire even though the free one worked well...very disappointed!Update:  Figured out I had to uninistall the free version to get the paid one to install properlly.  Rating went from 2 star to 4 but it would be a 5 star if you could get to the main menu from any point on the game.  Turns out you can only access the main menu after you win a level.  It's frustrating you cannot change difficulty when you want.
Great game except when it stops detecting taps on my Acer A500 screen.  Only app where this has happened in over one year of owning the tablet. just started a new game and this happened on the second level.
Actual name is FAIRY CUBES which is more accurate - not really Mahjong.  HD, 3D Graphics are excellent.  Cube Rotation and selection work well.  This 3D, match 3 game is very smooth and has nice Music.  Extra cubes pop-up on both Side panels to help you match 3 of each cube design. Difficulty selection just changes the speed of pop-up cubes appearing.  You have to use them up before they overrun the side panels.  Overall, a good, relaxing game.  Not very difficult - a nice time killer.  Some people may get bored because of their individual tastes.  No sketchy permissions, pesky ads or Data Mining ad-on (like OpenFeint) make this a Safe and Fun app if it suits your taste.  Great for Kids or adults.
I got kicked out of Chick fil A for playing this simply because they hate fairies of all kinds. try it for yourself
My 2 year old and 4 year old love to play this game.  The music could be a little less annoying but that is what the volume buttons are for.
I do enjoy this mahjong. But it doesn't keep my interest very long. There needs to be a way to progress further with more levels. Other than that, I really do like it....Mahjong with a twist.
This game is fantastic but every few levels the game sort of freezes and wont let the tiles be selected. If I quit the game and wait long enough to open it again, it resets and will go back to normal.Please fix the bug cause the game would be my favorite by far if it stopped freezing!
iys a good game the designs on the cubes are pretty and it doest take long fto level up and it doest freeze i dont know why everyone says it does because it dosent
I love mahjong and this has a neat twist with the 3 D aspect. The music and graphics are pleasant also. I would recommend if you like Mahjong.
I've probably played this game at least 50 times on my Kindle Fire (it's one of my mindless distractions) and have never encountered a problem. It isn't a traditional Mahjong game; it's different and lots of fun.
Has potential, but I'll never know.  After completing a few levels, it began ignoring game play finger taps.  Could still pull up device and game menus so the device wasn't frozen.  Guess we wait for a bug fix.  One(1) star.***update*** Rebooted Kindle Fire and ran the game.  Game worked flawlessly.  It became challenging quickly enough.  I still haven't mastered spinning/repositioning the mass of cubes, so that limits my competence. Conceptually, it's a simple match-3 game.  You start with a mass of a variety of cubes.  Match 3 and those disappear.  Make all of the cubes disappear and you move up a level.  One by one, additional cubes are placed into workspace.  You can use these to help make matches.  Overfill this 10-cube workspace and you have to restart the level or quit.  I don't think there is a limit on restarts.The game seemed good about feeding you helpful pieces. This becomes important as the variety of pieces increases, while your workspace remains at ten cubes. My initial impression is favorable.  I give it four stars.
I like playing this game, visually a switch from the original. Thanks for offering this, fun to beat old scores.
On the Kindle Fire, this app uses the battery faster than it can charge.Other than that, this game is awesome. I love the pace and challenge of it. It's very replayable, too. Fun and addictive!
Starts easy, my 4 year old plays it, but dont get fooled, the higher levels can get quite challenging ! Great game  !
It passes the time and is fun. The 3d style game play makes it interesting for finding the right tiles at times, and sometimes it's difficult to select the right tile. I have a Samsung galaxy S2 skyrocket and it works great on it.
great game, i play it over and over, but there's no indication of how you have scored on a particular level (or what the maximum possible score for the level is). it also isn't clear how scoring works. so, it's not possible to challenge oneself by trying to higher scores.
I played this a lot on a website during a difficult time in my life, it kept my mind off the phone, so I was really happy to find this as the FAOTD. I didn't have my Kindle back then. Great 3D grapics and works well on Kindle Fire. This one has a new twist with the cubes being added to the side bars and matching three instead of two. Nice touch.So, what work does it neeed? First the instructions leave a lot to be desired. I started with the easy mode and the cubes coming into the side bars were painfully slow, think molasses slow. I only found out by accident that clicking the timer at the bottom left will speed them up. Also from the little info we did get I took it to mean you had to pick two from the pile and one from the sides. Turns out you can pick any number from either place. You get more points buy clicking the ones in the pile (100 ea) rather than the side (10). These things could have been stated in the instructions.Next, you don't know what level you are on unless you go to back to the menu. If you just keep clicking to the next level you are in the dark. It also doesn't keep your score for that game in the game. Just the cumulative total of all games played so far. Again back to the menu to find that out. It is stated on the completed level. Once in the menu there is no way to exit the game. You have to start a new level, then click menu and then you get an option to quit. To me these kind of things should be standard in games of this type. And it doesn't always keep your score. When I went to the menu to check my score there were four games I had completed with zero score. Lastly the music is very depressing. Reminds me of the sound track for a horror movie or piped in music in a funeral parlor. Had to turn it off.Could have been five stars but for all these things. Would have been three stars because of them, but an extra star because what it does it does well and it is fun.
My copy works fine very fun game.  My hubby DL it and started experiencing cubes freezing on him at Lvl 14 so it does need some work.  It is very addictive.
Looks and sounds great, but two major problems ;it requires more precise finger touch control then is probably available on the screen. As you get higher in level somewhere in the 20's, it doesn't always register the precise block that you're touching, difficult when it's getting towards fast paced game play.The Rotate control appears to function randomly. swipe left to right and it rotates left to right swipe left to right again and it rotates bottom to top. when game play gets fast paced you want to know how to get to that 1 tiny block you need before you run out of time.Also, it would be really nice if you could run more than 1 game at a time. Your choice at the higher levels is either play the level you can't get right, or start over from the beginning. Not much of a choice.Samsung skyrocket s2
Lots of fun and keeps you on your toes.
This is a very fun game.  It combines match three plus mahjong 3-D.  It's also a nice speed for  someone who likes puzzle games without the pressure.
A fun, exciting new twist on the old Mahjong game. Challenging, colorful, fun! There really isn't anything else I can think to say.
at first I was skeptical, after the first few easy levels it gets pretty fun. m sure people will complain about this being an angry birds knock off but its unique in its own ways. no complaints for free :)
this game is nothing too fancy, but there are tons of different levels that are fun to play. plays well on kindle fire.
I personally like this one much better than AB!  Get satisfaction from shooting the zombies with well placed trick shots.  If you like placing pool shots and figuring out rebound and trajectory you are going to like this game.Fun!!!!
it is addicting I like it gameresort did a good job I hope their is stupid zombies. 2 and. it is fun
This game is challenging and addicting. Does not use much memory, and is hard to stop playing. It's stupid enough to be fun.
With the Zombie Apocalypse approaching, practice your shots!  Seriously, though, it's a fun little time-waster game, with extra points for head shots.
It's fun.  I got it as some thing to do while waiting; it actually requires some thought to be successful.
i really enjoy this game. it is very user friendly. I tell all of my friends to play it. yay.
I think the game is a hoot.  I enjoy shooting the zombies.  It is a stress reliever.  I haven't had any issues that some of the other reviews have spoken about, I think the game is a good time waster.
Had this game on my old school Droid, I loved it. Tried installing on my Nexus, and it freezes. Works fine on my son's kindle fire, so I'm guessing its a software issue. Back to 5 stars when its working!
Zombies are awesome. I like this game it makes you think. Now I can survive the zombie apocalypse. Brains, brains.
i catch myself playing this and i know my kids love this and get excited when they pass to the next level good job on this game
it is a good game and all but it is TO EASY I mean I beat it in a day (British acksent)
there are a lot of AB wanna bees out their, but this one is rather pretty decent. after a while it may get reptitive, but it 's still a lot of fun
great game, will definitely improve your billiards strategy I think. best thing is being able to aim by moving the crosshairs over exactly the spot you want to hit, which makes it less frustrating for me than Angry Birds. the comments about slow loading are absolutely valid though - at first I thought my phone had frozen, so be a little patient.
I like good game to waste some time but gets boring after a long amount of time but I recommend it
I love this game. Time passes so fast when I play it. I love it. best phone game. Even better than Angry Birds
I love this game I play it 4 hours but on some levels are challenging but fun so get this fun free app and kill the zombies !!!!
Got this for my son...he says it's as good as Plants vs. Zombies...looks and plays good on the Kindle Fire HD
I liked it, it passed the time, that's about it, but then again im not much for these limited gaming apps, if ya gunna play a game on here get an emulator and play some real games right on your phone or tablet. Worked great on my Fascinate regardless of ROM I was using at the time
good time waster but i find the controls a little hard with the s2... overall its a pretty fun game
Addictive! Great for when you only have a minute or two but could keep you entertained for a lot longer!
A perfectly mindless game in the tradition of angry birds. cant go wrong for free. easy to just pick up and play without investing to much attention.
this game is awesome but its a little to addicting but still a great game you should get it cooooooool game
I bought Zombies 2 first and loved that game.  This game is enjoyable also.  The fun part is the challenge of how to angle the gun and predicting the trajectory of the bullet.  Can't get enough of it.
This is a fun game if you are needing something to kill time.  It is pretty much &#34;Angry Birds&#34; with zombies.
enjoyable,  yet a few kinks. addictive!  I am playing from my kindle fire, which is a bit tricky. deffinitely get this.
"Stupid Zombies" is a fairly basic basic shooting game that involves killing all the zombies on the stage, using a finite number of bullets (some with special properties like exploding or multiple projectiles). The zombies pose no threat to the shooter and you can only advance to the next stage by eliminating all of the zombies before running out of ammo. To complicate matters, the zombies are often behind barriers, so it is required to bounce\ricochet your shots or knock an object into to them (they are fragile, so it doesn't take much).The interface is good, but does have some annoying quirks like the one that prevents you from aiming along the far wall, but otherwise it is fairly intuitive and easy to learn. This is (as other reviewers have noted) really a geometry puzzle game and, since I like those, it has provided me a great deal entertainment.Phone:HTC EVOAndroid v2.3.3Recommended!CFH
It is very fun but also some of the levels area hard. The dynamite bullets and the bullets that split into three bullets when they hit a wall or something they activate.
The easy, bounce/puzzle game play is engaging and works perfect on my EVO 3D. It's now the only zombie game I own.
When is amazon going to put out the update for this app? I know there is an update for this app with more levels but amazon appstore doesn't show it.
Good app from the Zombie series.  Uses mathematical basis for less shots with more kills.  Helps younger users use angles for longer game play.
I wish this stupid app had that little laser light that II has to help me aim. That's really stupid!
this game is fun but what I think is that this is just a different way of playing angry birds just with zombie but in all honesty its a great game
love playing this game,  first few levels are pretty easy, but once you get into it they advance in difficulty....  only suggestions would be speed up load times, and not have the ads block the playable area like they sometimes do.
Once I started playing this game it was really hard to stop. You get to kill zombies, but it is also kind of like a puzzle.  You have to be able to make some trick shots which ups the level of this game. I would recommend this game to anyone who likes puzzle's and shooting zombies.
This is a fun and challenging time waster!  I enjoy the multiple levels and the opportunities to play them multiple times to achieve the highest star ratings.
I think it is VERY adicting at first but once you have beat most of the levels and you can't find out how to do it after 1000 times (BLA) But once you give it a brake then play it again( Boom ) awesome again!!!!!!!
A good game wirh lots of replay value. Some levels require more luck than skill byt overall a great game when your bored. I would have liked an explanation of the different types of ammo but if they keep adding levels it would be 5 stars
Easily the most addictive game since Angry Birds.  Great sounds and graphics.  Recommend for the Kindle Fire. Can't put it down.
Entertainment for a long time and it passes the time whenever you need something to do.Keep your mind occupied.
I played the game on my great nieces ipad and thought it  was cute so I looked up the app and got it
Even my 3 year old grandson loves to play this game. Very addictive and fun. Levels get harder and trying to figure out how to get all the Zombies is a challenge that is lots of fun.
My child loves to play the Zombies games.  He laughs and they keep him entertained.  I recommend this app for their children.
I was watching this video cause it was angry birds then this thing popes up it was very rude.but it is very easy to play
My little sister who is 3 saw what i was playing and she had nightmares for the next week.I love this game but if you a really young sibling or child dont let them see it.
I love this game. I wish there was an ad free version though. I hate that my review has to be at least 20 words; they're usually too short.
this is an awesome game. there are lots of levels And its not easy so that makes it even more fun!! :)
this is a really good challenging and interesting game the zombies are funny to look at when you shoot them
what a fun game. only issue is having to buy air missles but that does  provide  a greater challenge. Overall this is a fun and simple game!
I find this game to be fun more because it's amusing to shoot off zombie heads and not so much because of the gameplay. There is blood in this game, which seems rare in the mobile market. Could be more polished but overall it's a decent time killer.
Great app, but I just installed the latest update (1/15/2012) and now it won't play at all... what a  bummer!
Very addictive! My husband and I both play on the kindle. We like to see who can use the least amount of bullets. It's usually me!
kindle fire User. good game.  addictive. to make the game truely fun, you need to try to win each level using one bullet, otherwise it's easy to pass each level using all 5 of your bullets.
de only resin I giv dis app 4 starz. iz cauz it getz impossible 2 beat after a few levels other den dat dis game iz realy cool
works flawlessly on my g2x. great graphics and sound. love the flying body parts. gets repetitive but still fun. fun fun fun
Excellent game and very addicting.  Runs great on Kindle Fire.  Difficult at times enough to make it interesting but not frustrating.
Downloaded this game on a whim and I love it.  Similar concept to Angry Birds.  Love the Zombie sounds!  ;)
Shooting zombies is a great stress and tension reliever, and realistic physics prevail in this simple yet addictive game.  You'll breeze through some screens while others take quite some time to master.  If you don't mind the dark theme and cartoonish blood and violence, this is a fun shooter-type game in which you can vent your life frustrations!
The main character reminds me of Bruce Campbell in the Evil Dead trilogy!! A fun shoot em up with no gratuitous bloodshed, just funny splatter and great sound effects!
those game is great but once i cant complete a level i get pretty frustrated otherwise one of the best apps on my kindle fire:)
Nice game while waiting in the doctor's office or when just waiting around. Levels do get more difficult as game progresses.
this game is about as simple as they come, but it is addicting. There is nothing to purchase unless you want more air strikes, but they really are not required since teh game is easy enough already. A fun way to pass time away if you are at a Dr. appt or something like that.
I downloaded this in my kindle fire and worked with no issues. The game is highly addictive and has tons of levels.it will take a while to complete it. unfortunately it has no background story, so after you've completed 200 levels, it gets a little repetitive.
it ie fun all you do is try to kill the zombies. you have. a guy that holds. your gun, and he cant move but you can still aim your gun to different spots.
I have a Droid 2 and my friend has an iphone and this game works great on both. Super fun, great for those with OCD.
Just like angry birds and its so fun..I'm already on level 24 but there's 800 levels!!..I definitely recommend this game!
this game is really fun and a great way to pass the time...its such a simple idea for a game yet so incredibly addictive, although some lvls are pretty hard and laggy its still a fun game...I recomend getting it
this is a fun game, some levels are hard but oh well, still love this game, idk why people are complaining to this game
addictive  and fun. A good time waster. Nice things. Its an app. Defines our generation. Clear representation of how far human society has come.
your overrated phone needs to replaced because my nook color runs this game fine. as for the game itself its mildly entertaining and somewhat challenging.  simple concept of bouncing a bullet around to take out all the zombies. well worth 99cents.
I play it sometimes, but my 5 year Grandson loves it. Easy game for us both to play together: he takes a turn, then I take a turn. We spent 2 hours with it one evening while we were sitting. Nice 'bonding' time!
its not highly addictive but its very fun, a good angry bird substitute, It has levels that are annoying, after 100 times it gets better
this game is cool I think it would be a good  game and its also free so yup sp just get it
I am alwas on this app. It looks great on the kindle fire. Me and my brother are in love with this game.
Mindless fun.  Most levels are pretty easy, but some are crazy hard.  I go back to it when I'm looking for something to kill some time.
ok, this is one of the best games ive played. but some levels are really hard to pass but its still a great game!
Runs great on a Toshiba Thrive with Honeycomb. Fun and addictive angry bird-esque type of game, would be more interesting if you had different types of bullets early on in the game though. The different ammo types only come in later 'Chapters'. Cutscenes and/or a storyline would have made the game more awesome.
Ignore the bad reviews. This game always opens for me with no issue. I have the droid incredible if that matters. Anyway the game is super cute and fun to play. Kind of like a twisted angry birds.
Such a silly game, but very addicting. A great way to waste plenty of time and lose some brain cells.
I'm amazed at the way a free game like this seems to obey the rules of physics and the mechanics of zombie limb joints. I play the same level over and over just to see how things move.
this game is so cool! i couldn't get enough of it.if you should get any game, get this one. so cool!
fun game....makes me laugh! my son giggles as the zombies fall and get blown apart.....it has violence and blood...so be warned if that bothers you.
Stupid zombies is really fun & challenging.  You must figure out which way to fire your gun so you take out as many zombies as you can. Great free game & entertaining.
good game on level 3 just started playing love it. hope you like it to very fun addicting to play it bunch have fun
I was on stage 4 and it installed a update thus losing all my saved game info pisses me off
Awesome app, but once I had this app side to side with plants vs zombies and the zombie face looks pretty similar
fun game. so bloody and cool! awesome game. i play it all day long! that's why i gave it 4 stars.
My oldest son came home from his dad's house with this game on his Kindle and my younger one had to have it.  It's a fun game that requires them to give some thought in how they are going to aim to get around the blockades.
My 10 year old son thinks its a lot of fun.  It is fun if you ask me.  A little gory for a kids game.  Zombies get their heads cut off with blood squirting out.  So we gave it a four out of five.
I have fun just killing and shooting zombies. This game is fun, addicting and you get by levels really fast. MUAHAHAHAHA stupid zombies.
I had this app for about two months it was really fun then it got to hard that I uninstalled it.Really got boring.
A great game with lots of challenges.  Graphics are very nice and it a fun game to play while waiting for an appointment, a ride, a vacation trip etc.
This is a game where you use trick shots to kill zombies.  You only have 5 shots and thankfully you can't kill your self.  Make sure to put your finger or stylus where you want the bullet to go otherwise it fizzles. Barrels and TNT help you out quite a bit.
This game is similar to Angry Birds (c) but you kill zombies with ricocheting bullets. The heads will fly off, sometimes you even get arterial spurts of blood! I was addicted within 5 minutes.
simple enough to entertain my 4 year old grandson...It gives us something to do gaming wise...like that you can move through the levels even if you don't kill all the zombies!
its kinda fun especially wen u get in to the higher level its not the best but I like it
I really enjoy this game, even more than angry birds. My only complaint is that the game is designed for right handed players- the shooter stands on the left side of the screen, so when I try to aim my shot,(I'm left handed) my hand blocks the target. An option to place the shooter on right or left side of the screen would be nice.
this game is a fun way to busy shoot stuff not left for dead but its still good by the way StAy ReBeLiOuS c; and to all the grown uosbout there that didn't get that ..... go somewhere (x
this game is sorta like angry birds, except easier. i like how there r levels and stuff so u never get bored and u can set goals for yourself. the only thing i dont like is it can get really tricky. im stuck on a level right now.
the reason I rated this app is so you can see how.fun it is and.try it your self but I do give it a 4/and a half
Highly addictive.  Sometimes it would crash my phone.  I was able to complete all levels.  Wish they had more.  The higher levels are much harder.
it is really good when you are waiting for something or don't have anything else to do it's fun and challenging for people that aren't gamers would get this game after all it's a freebie and the ads aren't a bother at all.
This game starts out simple enough and then gets tricky. Some of the bank shots you have to make are pretty hard but after you figure them out you feel like a true marksman or should I say markswoman.
I tried to install it on my wife's Samsung Intercept, and it just reboots the phone. So I tried to install it on my LG Optimus S, and the same thing happened. Seems like everyone us having similar problems. Too bad.**Update, changed from a 1-star to a 4-star.I was finally able to install this game on my tablet (Kyros 7022) and it works great. It is a fun game where you have to bounce bullets around obstacles in order to dispatch the zombies. Great fun!
fun app works well on kindle fire. if u like it before. upgrade, needs more a 2nd one would be fun though.
Right now its 1:44 am and I cant bring myself to put this game down!  it takes a lot of patience&hellip; but ir is soooooooooo worth it!
this game is so freaken awesome and it makes you feel like u r actually part of the games witch is kinda weird and cool at the same time
Downloaded it to the Kindle Fire cuz the price is right(free). Angry birds type platform game where you try to kill the zombies with the least amount of ammo. You have a gun and zombies; what more do you need?!?  Aim, shoot and let the bullet travel its path. The bullet ricochets off the walls so you have to figure the best angle for the maximum damage. Heads and body parts fly with a bit of blood spurting for effect, so probably not for little kiddies. Plays well with no glitches and the graphics are good.
the game is time consuming and entertaining enough.  For those of you paralyzed with fear because this game wants permission to read your phone calls...you're idiots.  almost every game is going to have that permission.  Why?  Because the game needs to know when your stupid friends are calling you in the middle of picking your nose and killing zombies so it can pause.  It's a standard permission.  if you're that scared, then return your smart phone and go back to your Razr
This game requires you to think about the best way to shoot zombies. They do not more, but are blocked by obstacles that you have to shoot around (you don't move either). It can be aggravating, but once you kill the zombie, you will love it.
I have it on my kindle fire and have had no issues at all. Cousin showed it to me a couple months ago and ive been addicted since. Fun and addictive. Similar to Angry Birds (which I also love)
I like games that entertain me while I'm stuck waiting somewhere.  I find this one to be entertaining with just enough challenge to keep an edge on it.  It has a light, pleasant, addiction quality about it as well.
I'll be honest, I downloaded this game because of the word "Zombies." I must say, I was pleasantly surprised. Fun game trying to bounce bullets to kill all the zombies at once. I'll get several more hours out of this game.Only bad part is Feint. For that, this game loses a star.
My boyfriend downloaded this on my Kindle Fire for free and was addicted instantly. He played obsessively for a while, and then stopped because I demanded it was my turn with my Kindle :) When he gets a chance though, he picks right up and starts playing again - he hasn't gotten bored with it in the 2 years that it has been on my Kindle.
I'm totally addicted to this game,  The goal is quite obvious.. kill zombies! The zombies are on platforms (some are easy shots on the ground). You can aim at certain angles bouncing the ammo off the walls or platforms to get that deadly shot. Sometimes there are objects like boards or metal boxes you can shoot and  they smash into the zombie(s)... or  red barrels that cause an explosion when hit. There's three chapters with four stages each. Plenty of gameplay here. It does get rather difficult, some levels seem almost impossible to beat without luck or the use of  air strike (which you get a couple for free when first starting out).  Therein lies the rub... they cost real money, unfortunately.  However, not uncommon with most games.I enjoy the gameplay, although some levels are frustrating. If you enjoy shooting games and zombies, I would recommend.  I'm determined to get those little buggers!
If you like angry birds you will like this game. It is a little difficult, but angry birds is also
You use you finger to aim and shoot. The trouble is that it shoots one finger space to the 11 o'clock. Does anyone else have this issue? Toshiba Thrive.  I've learned to compensate, but I don't think I should have to.That all said, I got this game for my son, but I find myself playing it almost everyday.Be careful though. There is an option to pay real money for a few extra features, but it doesn't prohibit gameplay if you don't get them so far as I can tell.More fun than I expected to have.
I really love this game it.is challenging and fun the only possible.complaint would be it can get old. but other than that nothing it is very fun
In the same vein as Angry Birds.20 word minimum 20 word minimum 20 word minimum. 20 word minimum. 20 word minimum.
I play this game almost every and I'm not bord of it yet .and the update really made it 10 times better.
MY WHOLE FAMILY LOVES THIS GAME, AND IT IS MORE DIFFICULT THEN YOU MIGHT THINK, I give this app at least 4 stars!
a g a me I s t h e d e s t g a m e I n e r t h
I think I really like this game. It isn't as challenging as everyone's favorite bird game,  but it can be really entertaining.  Because it lacks the large number of objects,  the scoring becomes somewhat redundant,  the game play is pretty good.  There is a certain satisfaction that comes from killing 11 zombies with that perfectly aimed and rebounded shot.  I think people who just mow though the levels are missing the subtile point.  Aim a tiny bit to the left and you can clear the level with a single shot. That is what makes the game fun and addictive.  I also love the Bruce Campbell nod.  Enjoy!
This is another version of angry birds....I like it as much if not better than angry birds.  My husband likes it too.
looks really dumb at first but once i first playing it i couldn't stop. one word to describe this is outstanding for being such a stupid game!
Solid game calculating angles and ricochets to kill multiple zombies with one bullet.There is no action in this game.
I enjoy this game, I move up in levels quickly enough to keep my interest, but slow enough that I don't feel like it's too easy.
this game is addictive and fun. some levels are difficult some are super easy. you could spend hours lost in this game! its my favorite ;)
I LIKE TO PLAY THIS WITH GRANDSON
If you like Angry Birds and zombies, you'll love this game! It is another take on physics-based games. Addictive and challenging yet accessible.
This is a very amusing zombie game.  I love the zombie moans, and watching them fly.  Works great on my Kindle Fire.
fun to play, does get monotonous after a while.  I do like the fact that the levels are varied and do keep you on your toes.  play it for fun and enjoy it for what it is...mindless fun.
Fun little time waster- I PREFER it to the furious fowls. I would up the rating if it supported  moving the App 2 SD. Works just as described on my HTC EVO 4G.
Great problem solving game and pretty entertaining at best. I've wasted time with way worse. lol 4 more words required.
kills time. and works well. great sound effects. not much more to say except that I recommend it. have fun.
I can't stop playing.  this game is challing, frustrating,  fun and rewarding.  I look forward. to playing and beating. the levels.
This is a decent game.  It's challenging without being too complicated. You have to be careful how you ricochet your shots. It's a good way to kill some time.
Pretty fun game. Kept my attention during an hour long conference call. Starting and loading the first game is a little slow but the rest of the game plays fine on rooted Evo (still running 2.2). As far as the one comment about all of Amazon apps crashing, I haven't had a problem with any app, must be that persons phone?
Sharpen your geometry and physics skills with this game.  Rather bloody however. I don't recomment it for little kids because of all the blood and headless zombies.
What a great addictive time killer. I am sure there are many solutions and I am sure many of my kills were just luck. like i said very addictive.
hey dev let's get the freezing issues fixed on the htc sensation please. 20 word minimum..??? ok???  babba booie babba booie! Howard Stern is the greatest!
This game reminds me a bit of angry birds but with shotguns and zombies - what's not to like?! :-)
this is one of the most friggin addictive games ever. i only left off a star because some of the levels are pretty much impossible to pass. a beautiful waste of time ;)
I like this game because it is like Angry Birds but a little bit easier. it is also fun and addictive like angry birds and it has a zombie theme to it.
very good game and free takes some thinking to it but that just makes it more fun. get it good fun cool amazing
This game is pretty fun. It's good for wasting time. The game its self is easy and straight forward.  They are the beet graphics in the world, but for a free app, it's not bad. I haven't had any problems with it running on my kindle fire. All in all I would recommend it.
I never played it, but my daughter really liked it.  Too bad she broke her tablet or I might get the chance.
Game works fine on Toshiba Thrive.  Game play is similar to Angry Birds, and it gets repetitive.  Not bad for a free game.
I have been addicted to this game from the day I downloaded it.Plays on my kindle fire great. You stand. in one of the corners and shoot bullets at zombies who are scattered around the screen. The bullet's bounce off all the walls. Zombies are sometimes very challenging to reach. I like this better then angry birds.
Quite fun and addicting. Very creative game style and play. Nice artwork. I would venture to say slightly like Angry Birds, obviously having differences. And I'd bet playing on a tablet would be more fun, having a bigger screen would be nice
this was the first game app I downloaded and played on my fire. I love it! great graphics and can be quite challenging at times.
I new it was going to be fun because u get 2 kill them.It's hard just because you have to kill them by one angle and if you want a challenge this is for you:):):):
Stupid zombies is pretty awesome but the thing I dislike about this app is that you only get six chances I dont get it?I think its a cool app and you will too but just remember you only get three chaces.
This app is one of my most used. Its fun, good graphics and kind of funny. it does get a little tedious, but I recommend it to all of my friends it's way worth it.
Although the subject matter is a little gross it's a good puzzle game, a bit like angry birds style thing. Definitely enough to keep you coming back.
love this game! i try and play each level until i get three stars..some of the levels i feel are truly impossible though..
If you're looking for a challenge, get this game. you should just get it because its just plain fun. However, they really need to change the air strike button. twice it was hit on accident
This does not work on phones it seems because it reboots mine and everyone else's. but it is great and I have it on my kindle.
I was ok playing this game, until it bored me.  I had my son help me thru a level or two, but I deleted the app after awhile.
This game is fun and requires some thinking in terms of the angles that must be used to beat each level.
This is a great and hilarious game. It's easy to play; well, that is unroll you get to the 5 th of 6th level. Then it's like impossible to beat. I'm only 12, but it's still pretty difficult. Overall, it's a great game.
A game that involves shooting cartoon zombies....who could ask for more? (lol).  It is one of those crazy games like Angry Birds that you get addicted to.  Another one that works great on my kindle fire.  Yep....it IS stupid...BUT, it's also fun!
I have been playing this game for about two weeks.  I play it every day.  It is a really entertaining free game.
This game is fun &amp; funny! Had a great time playing it! I would recommend this game to anyone who likes angry birds.
This game is ok in my opinion. It gets a little hard later in the stages so its kind of frustrating.
Game fc'd first time I ran it and I had to reboot my phone.  Seems to have been a Feint issue.  Has worked great since then.Good time killer along the lines of Angry Birds.  not as fun though.  worth it as a freebie.Keeps me entertained while waiting around.
&#34;DIE ZOMBIE DIE!&#34; So, yeah. He likes it. I haven't played it, but the kid really enjoys it. Gross fun.
I found that I hate  angry birds and can never get enough of those stupid zombies. I have it on 3 different devices.
If you like Angry Birds then you'll like this game. It's a fun time waster and I love that there are so many different levels. You won't be disappointed!
this game is cool and is pretty easy in the beginning but it get harder as u go.......but I would recommend to download since its fee.
I really love this game and I think it is really fun and addicting but I only wish there was a way to earn air strikes for free by like accomplishing something. If you could do that I would give it five stars
The interface can be a bit clunky, but once you have all the different "bits" where you want them, it can generate very nice, customizable widgets!
easy to set customized settings.  sometimes slow to load, but overall a good app to view weather forecasts.  very easy to use.  could use some more features.  I would recommend this app to anyone.
it is a good app. super customizable with many options to display phone stats. however, it uses a lot of ram.
fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun Do I realy need to say more.
its good for playing pranks on friends and amazing for siblings and love the creative bad fortunes love. it yah
I thinx it wood b ok if it had more fortuns... ok 4 teens liek meh but not 4 like 10 yr olds and stuff.
It reminds me of the game I played with my children when they were growing up.  I enjoyed it. Fun.
great game with simple rules but good strategy; always you to pit your skill against cpu or live opponent. enjoy it for hours,
Love this app, however wish the free one had more than 20 free listing.Would recommend to others.It is simple and user friendly, however $5.99 for the paid version seems a bit much. I will continue to search.
Seems to work pretty good as a Portuguese/English, English/Portguese dictionary. Haven't used it a lot as yet.Sorry, I haven't got 3 more words!
Great updates simple easy to understand the weather, maps, etc...
It gives you a chance to go to other states and look at kind of boring news in my opinion but any... thanks for letting me share
It's accurate and it gives you weather.
My opinion for this app would be rated 5 stars because it is helpful. When you don't feel like turning on the TV in the morning at 6:00, and waiting until they actually start talking about the weather, then you turn on your device and go on AccuWeather.
ok
Will use this on vacation, easy to check the weather for next  night' s stop &amp; dressing for the next day.
Has good up to date info. The only thing keeping it from 5 star is it runs all the time in the background. Only alternative is to force it to close and use only when needed.
...this is the best weather app I've used.Optionally captures NWS alerts in your (selectable) home location and displays temperature in notification bar. Permits addition of other locations which are easily accessible through a simple drop down. Provides a good variety of current and forecast conditions.Ads are unintrusive, but for the current price of less than a dollar, well worth going toAccuWeather Platinumto make it ad free."Real Feel" temperature is shown as alternative to wind chill/heat index...a little gimmicky.
this app is more accurate than my local news weather...highly recommended. I also used the information to plan and check travel plans.
it is a good app, it tells weather very correctly, but it creates a constant notification in the top of my kindle
I love this app!!!!!  The only thing I don't like is that they usually don't have tthe right time up ; for example,  right now it says that it 's 10:52, but it 's really 11:15.Other than that,  an app totally worth getting for your Kindle Fire!!!!
This app is the best weather app I have found.  It also has a very useful widget.  you can easily check the radar, week ahead, and customize to your location.
Forecasts are always accurate. App is easy to navigate. Prefer using it over getting weather updates from local news stations.
This app keeps you informed when bad weather is approaching. Great tool to help you plan your workweek not to mention travel plans!
I haven't checked out all of the features yet, but the ones I have (customization settings, radar maps, overall forcast accuracy) work great.
I love this app and wouldn't dream of using any other app. It works awesome with the kindle fire. Would definately recommend this to others.
I think it is cool, just want sunset information.  All of the details are vood, like the extended forecast.  Thanks a bunch.
works fine.  tells me the both the current weather and the forecast.  simple without a bunch of clutter.  functional simple app.
Great source and accurate for my money.  Would reccomend to anyone. Like the quick radar over the Weather channel site.
This app is a keeper. Lots of features but easy to get to. And the price is right. Probably looks better on a larger tablet.
this is a very solid app. easy to use, free, does every thing you expect.  it even gives you severe weather warnings
I really like this weather app. I have had to delete it, for some reason it tends to force close on my kindle fire. I have it on my blackberry and it works great.
The charts are east to read and the variations are also understandable. The only down side is the vast information just doesn't fit on my tiny screen.
it's nice to be able to simply click this app and not have to worry if it is right or not. it always is right.
very simple to use. and easy to read and navigate. I recomend this app for anyone. a great extended forecast.
this app is pretty good....it seems to be correct quite a bit of the time....but like most weather predicting its not always. right because we never know what is gonna happen.
When I learned that my Android phone needed to be upgraded, I was fine with that. When I found out that the upgrade deleted AccuWeather, I was SO upset because I depended on that to give me a forecast for the four places I travel to most. Seeing the free app on Amazon was a relief. AccuWeather is great because not only does it give detailed info about the weather in whatever city you choose, the background changes from day to night. I could not do without this app!
I like that I can save other areas to check on the weather. Ifnyoou are traveling this is a good app!
Loaded on my Fire. Easy and simple to use. I have not had any problems or issues with it. My local weather report is just a touch away!
I like the fact that you can save different locations. I also like the radar section. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars was because it had been storming like crazy for about 30 minutes and my location only said cloudy. Other than that time, it is usually correct or very close.
I like this app. I love to check on the weather of lots of lovely places and pretend I'm there...instead of stuck in snow.
I was surprised to read so many bad reviews. I guess I have been lucky. I have had no problems with it crashing, installing, or asking permission too many times. It has been pretty accurate and easy to use.
Fast @ easy review of weather. Especially like the map feature, with good radar images - able to track storms quickly.
Seems to work very well and appears to be as accurate as is possible. lots of information shown on main page.
That it is possible to look at weather forecasts for just about any spot on the globe is amazing. The fact that they are also updated frequently makes them more reliable, especially tot local weather.
this is one of my favorite.I can keep up with the weather all over the country.  I us it a lot when it is stroming in the Midwest because of family.
I don't use this app too much on my Kindle Fire as I have a weather app on my phone.
I chose a rating of 4 because I also purchased AccuWeather Platium which provides more info, which I enjoy using. The nonplatium version is great. It is accurate and kept up to date. Unless you are retired and have a little extra time available, AccuWeather is is the perfect App for providing a quick accurate current and forecasted weather for any place in the US with maps, video, with all details.
I have been using this app for several weeks. It seems to take a while to &quot;locate&quot; me each time I open it but once that is done the data is well presented and pretty up to date.  I would recommend this app to android users.
This tool allows me to see what present and future weather will be in some of my favorite spots around the nation.
Very accurate updates on startup. Not 5 stars only because the NOAA website stats are more up to date. but this exceeds my needs.
it's pretty good and definately alot better than the other weather program I foolishly bought.  The predictions seem to be right on.
The weather is the most accurate information for conditions that I have come across. The app is easy to use so my six year old can see what the weather is going to be like for the day.
Easy upload, easy user interface, simple features, and relevant to my location in conditions and forecasting. I wouldn't change a thing.
Just what I like.....short and sweet, with some minor details that are easily understandable. I appreciate the simplicity. Thank you.
I appreciate the info provided. One complaint is I am not a fan of how info displays in landscape view.
This app is easy to use. It gives me the opportunity to save multiple cities (which the website doesn't as easily) and keeps me up-to-date with the weather.
I was having a huge issue with the app crashing recently, but the most recent update fixed that, at least for now.  Nice app, advertisements are small and unobtrusive.  Auto updates weather report with Internet access.  Yes, the app may not shut down, but I don't find that to be a bother.
really like the layout of the app and the ability to customize the color scheme. only downfall is the current weather is not accurate all the time.
Easy to use, informative and User friendly. Love it!Great tool for tracking the weather daily or over an extended period of time. Must TRY!
better than weather bug and the weather channel application.  I like the graphics, calendar, and radar.  the app runs constantly though.
this is a great app, I would recommend it. keeps me up to date with the weather.. keep it up.
Using on a Kindle Fire 8.9. Looks great on a kindle.  Easy to navigate.  Main display provides a concise, complete overview of the current weather.  Only negative is that weather for current location fails.  May be a kindle issue, but if it is on the market, it should work.
This is by far one of the better weather apps.  Lots of good information and loads much quicker than others.
I like this product better than the Weather Channel App.  It gives excellent information and is easy to scroll through the screens.
Easy to use and a very reliable app with great features.  I use it regularly and I am never disappointed.
I like this app. I use it daily, of course. Having the temp show down in the right hand corner of my galaxy tab is very handy.
It works well on the kindle.  It is easy to use and personalize.  The menus are well done but a better symbol for the locations menu would be nice.  That isn't a big problem because you learn it easily anyway.
Accurate wx info. Upgrade made it a little more difficult to reference quickly. Love that they have wx broadcasters w/ wx maps just like TV.
App. occasionly freezes up. Maybe latest upgrade fixed issue? Other wise, it delivers what is promises. I recomend this application.
A very nice app!  Love the graphics and all the details. Easy to use too!  All this for free-Wow!  I recommend this app!
Complete information.
Does the job, wish they hadn't changed some stuff with the updates. Better way to view the daily forecast would be appreciated
Easy to see the info you want.  Video is simple and localized. Does not show last known info if not connected to wi-fi.
Easy to use app for my Kindle Fire. Very easy to set favorites. I liked it so much I downloaded it to my phone too!
Easy to use with good features. Certainly as accurate as any other weather forecast. Covers the basics well.  Stylish design
Great app.  Always shows what I'm looking for.  Plus more if I want it.  I use it for my alarm clock so it helps me know what to wear each day.
Great app for me.  The radar map is convenient.  Like the layout and design.  No problems at all with losing and accuracy.  Recommend with no hesitation at all.Www.
great weather app, love it when display on notification bar. shoe degree with noticeable color. easy and intuitive to use.
Had some slight issues with it at first on my fire but it all works for me now. I like the interface.
I checked the weather and it said 85 and real feel was 85.when I went outside it felt like 60. otherwise it is a great app.
I check weather daily for home and cabin - all kinds of info and predictions.  Like the video and radar too.  It's got everything I want.
I check weather with this app nearly every morning. easy to use. I had difficulty with it crashing at one point but that all was solved by deleting and reinstalling. my husband uses it now too.
If all you need is a brief telling of what you are in for in your day, this is an excellent app to own.  I use this all the time.  It has been very helpful, especially when it comes to fishing away from my usual spot.
I have AccuWeather on my phone and on my Kindle Fire and I like the look and browsing much better from my Kindle. I now get my area every time rather than having to input my zip code each time. AccuWeather is as accurate as a weather app can be, glad I added it and I use it regularly.
I have enjoyed this weather app more than the other that I tried.  It seems to be very accurate, with updates that are frequent.  I love the map in motion which is very handy to keep a watch out for any inclement weather that might arrive.
I have had the application for about a month now and I really like the touch and feel of it.  The application is well thought out and easy to use.  I would recommend this application.
I have no problems with this app and it runs smoothly most of the time. I use it once in while when I can't watch the weather on tv news.
I haven't used it for very long but app works fine fir my needs. Forecasts have been accurate.  No longer waiting for radio and TV to get weather.
I have used the app for quite a few months now with no problems or issues.  The fact that it was free is also a plus.
I like how easy it is to use, and updates quickly, that's 5 stars. But since it only will display in portrait on kindle fire, that's a 3 star.
I like the fact that it is bright and cute pics. the temps are not far off either from the temps around town.
I like the two week forecast...but it's not always accurate ...be sure to check again as the day in question gets closer.
I like this app. I can also see what the weather is like in other parts of the country where I have family
I love having wind, precip, temp, etc all on one page and I also love the temp in the top bar of the phone.  I gave it a 4 since I find accuweather not as accurate as some of the others.
I love how I can just pull down the top bar on my Kindle and see what the temp is without closing down whatever else I'm doing or going back to the home screen. Also, it pulls up links to local weather videos. I use it track several different locations and the transition is seamless.
In most instances, the app works well. Like the 4x2 widget. Difficult to Change Widget Location; Beside that point, I like it.
I really like it hiding up in the menu/notification bar, plus it seems stable. It seems like it takes up a lot of space but that's because it has so many features.
I really like this app! It helps. e to know when my migrains will be intensify. This apps also is correct a lot.
I really really like this app. Its easy to use and very accurate. I recommend this app to everyone who is looking for a weather app.
Its a great app. I was planning a trip and was able to pull up the weather for my destination allowing me to decide what day I wanted to go. It gave me side by side weather for current address n destination address. I can get any weather info and alerts with this one app
it's a pretty decent app. Sometimes I think it has too much going on with it. I guess that is a good thing unless you are just looking for the temp
I want a quick glance at what's coming up, and Accuweather provides that.  I think it is pretty easy to use.
I was having trouble getting the radar on the app I was using and a severe storm was near.  I downloaded the AccuWeather app and the radar popped up immediately when I opened it.  This is a very complete app and I am happy with it.
I was looking for a good weather app that was free. This one is the best you can find at no cost.
Like a lot of you, this had to be finessed a bit after first installing on my Fire.  After entering location, I had to hit return and then restart.  Then everything came on and has worked fine since.  For all familiar with Weatherbug, you will be happy with this.
love it. no problems (yet).I have not used it for long, but it has worked as I thought it should.
Love the extended weather forecast. Very accurate. Nice weather temp in tool bar. Unknown if this is a battery waster. Otherwise nicely app
love the reports it gives me just wish that it didn't constantly run.hopefully doesn't. use a lot of battery life. we will see!
nice graphics, pretty accurate, easy to use. I've been looking for a weather app for a while, and am glad I found this one!
Nice to see multiple locations. Like the hourly temp. Good up to the minute weather. Nice to know weather quality.
not sure why ppl have had a problem loading or unloading it, but mine has been easy to use and has been accurate for.the most part
ok not great. if you could pick and chose a broad range of features it would be a five star app. some features from weather not on this.....
pretty good app. seems to work just fine on my fire.easy to use. good at finding where I am and using that actual local for the forecast.
Purchased the Kindle Fire a few weeks ago and have had no problems with this app. Gives current radar and I like the movie area to see up to weather news.
Really like the &#34;new&#34; format.  Although the weather is frequently not totally correct for my area, neither is our local weatherman, so can't hold that against the app LOL!!!!  Takes a bit longer to load than the older app but i guess with more info than the older app, that is to be expected.  Overall it's a decent app that keeps you informed as good as any weatherman can on the tv!!
Stays fairly accurate, but wish it would come with severe weather alerts or multiple locations saved.  Since I have family across the country.  That would give it 5 stars.
The power of the app is in the back end work for all platforms, so it's good to access that from the reader tablet, which some weeks gets more use in our lives. Well done, even on the slower platform.
This app hasn't given me any problems. It was easy to install and has been pretty precise. I'm used to apps on my iphone and I find this comparable. I like the real-time radar tracking and the ability to view temperatures throughout the day.  I also like that it's always on due to its accuracy.
this app is more of a national weather service and does a good job of keeping me posted on the local weather. I use it in conjunction with a more local weather weather app and stay very well informed of the weather.
This app is pretty good if you want to know the weather.  Not much animation but it gets the job done!
This app is very easy to use. I like it because it is very accurate. Day, night, afternoon--always accurate. I would recommend this app to anyone who likes to keep up with the weather in their area.
This app works fine on the Fire.  Type in the zip code you want, then up top click the city name and you're in business.  Glad this app has radar, wonder why that &quot;other&quot; app doesn't.
This does exactly what is says It will do. Great free app for checking the weather in the area.  Great being able to receive updates
This is a good, detailed app for weather.  Alerts work great, and the information is plentiful. I got this for my tablet, and it will not orient to landscape view, so it is a bit ackward since I use a keyboard attachment.  Probably great for a phone or smaller tablet.
this is a good weather app. just what I wantedI hate this minimum word crap to rate something. makes me sorry I bothered
This is a great app. I check it every day and it's usually pretty accurate. I check weather conditions in other states where family and friends live, too. It gives all sorts of information besides the temperature. Fun to use! You won't be disappointed if you get it.
This is a great app to check weather on my Kindle Fire.  I would recommend that anyone interested in the weather check out this app.
This is an easy to use app.  I have found it easy to use, and highly functional.  A quick way to get almost any weather anywhere.
this is my favorite weather app, and trust me ive tried them all on my phone. the only reason I'm not giving it 5 stares is because on my kindle fire it wont change orientation to the way I'm holding the kindle. due to the location of the power button, I usually hold it upside down, most apps have no problem with this. this app forces me to rotate.
This is the best weather app I have found so far.  I was a subscriber to Wunderground for a long time but they had too much going on other than weather.  I started using AccuWeather in Daily Briefing when I got my android.  This app gives better information.
very accurate and super simple to use.  The new format is a bit of a pain, but is worth it - very informative.
Very accurate weather, and a great addition to my kindle. I am glad I am able to check the weather on the go.
Very nice set-up on the screen. It's easy to get a quick glimpse of all important weather info for the day as well as a future overview. Sometimes current conditions seem to be slightly off for my area but overall I am quite satisfied.
When accessed,  it is very reliable and as accurate as TV/radio reports.  However, it usually has trouble finding internet access, even when I know there is access because I am using or have used it immediate before.I particularly like the hourly predictions and the ability to describe the best conditions for my outdoor activities.
Works great on my Nextbook.  The radar has great imaging, forecasts are accurate, and animations load quickly.  Overall, a very good app.
Works on Fire. It does periodically clear all my set locations so that I have to reload them. Otherwise it works well.
Works well. No more searching the web for weather. Nice time saver. This App has good details and information. Would recommend it for you friend.
Would have given five stars if the temperature updated automatically in the notification bar of the phone, otherwise good app.
Covers everything you need to follow the weather, and plan your week. I work outside and this is very important to me.
Love this app. It really helps us plan our days. It's usually pretty accurate, well as acurate as predicting the weather can be :).  Also the severe weather warnings are nice to have pop up. You can track weather in several places as well.
Has daily and weekly info at your fingertips. Very useful and informative. You can drill down on several pages for hourly info. Radar is great! Highly recommend this app.
There are still many places where my smartphone can barely get a signal. In these areas, the app will load the basic weather report: minus humidity, hour predictions, etc..It's very useful when planning outdoor activities.
I like that I can put in more than one location, but still have my home as my favorite.  Also, I like that I can get lots of detailed information on any location.
One of the best free weather apps on the market. Has an awesome interface but does occasionally crash. I haven't noticed it sucking battery life even though its always running.
Always just a glance away, the weather is so changeable but it is constantly available with this app. Haven't had one problem with it so far.
plain and simplie. easy to use. fairy accurate and the radar is great. i recommend this app a the best part ... it is free.
accurate app with current weather conditions at the ready.  found it very handy to have when traveling. would recommend to others.
it works great for me, haven't seen the issues that others have posted but I also just got it but I like it
I like the app and the fact that you can have multiple saved locations but the one feature it needs is hourly forecasts.
I have a love hate relationship with the constant notification. Its cool when you need it. Otherwise its an annoyance.
I like this app. It works well and I like the at-a-glance ease of use. I have it on all my devices.
For what I was looking for it is wonderful.  Accurate for the area I live in and up to date.
I am enjoying the AccuWeather App, it seems to give me more info on weather and my area than I probably need.
pretty accurate as far as weather doesdisplays as intendedweather app is nice and has very pretty displaywould recommend it to others
This is relatively easy to use, seems accurate, and the price (free) is always a nice fit. I enjoy that the kindle fire and the cell phone I have are the same systems, so I have this app on my kindle, and on my cell also, making life simple
Good weather app. Comes in your notification bar......You should get this app. Its a great thing to help you find the weather for the week.
Amazon's Kindle often limits which apps it offers. Fortunately this app works very well. I open the app and get a good overview of the weather in an easy to see format. I also have a few other of my relevant locations available at a just a tap.
Really nice app for weather and allows you to easily add site while traveling and not have to mess with your home settings.  Also found that support for locations is better than others i have used.  One problem is that when installed the first time it kept crashing until i removed and reinstalled ... hope we are good to go now
i like the hour by hour feature and the satellite imagery the most. and the forecast is accurate! go figure.
great weather app. perfect for kindle users and easy to use. definitely a must download.for people who want to keep up.
This app is pretty good. Not sure how accurate the temperature is but it did rain the two days that it said it would. Since it is free I would recommend it.
It's your typical weather app... accurate some days not the next. Other than that, great app. Couldn't ask for anything better.
This is the perfect app if you want to know what the weather forecast is very quickly. The side scrolling screens let you know everything you need in seconds. Any changes are made immediately and it updates any alerts with several different choices of alarms
This is a very nicely done app that works well on my Kindle Fire. It's nice having an accurate weather forecast at my fingertips. The only complaint I have is that I wish it had hourly forecasts, however. Overall, I highly recommend it.
very helpful...easy to understand.  Easier to use than Weather Channel app.  Get current weather fast and simple and up to date.
Not a lot of bells and whistles, but a decent app to check the daily weather and radar.  Does have a neat option to save multiple locations, I like to keep an eye on the weather where my family is across the US.
Has good info, easy to navigate, you can add multiple locations, has Doppler Radar images, and it keeps up-to-date weather info in my Kindle 's toolbar. Overall, it's a good app
This app makes it easy to check the forecast without getting bogged down in weather news! A great time saver.
This is a wonderful, complete and accurate way to track weather for our region and our family in other states !Can quickly check for freeze and storm warnings etc. Wonderful addition to my tablet.
AccuWeather is very User friendly.  Would like to see more hourly details, but this is my go to app for quick weather info.
Most time very accurate.  Better then local weather usually.  Like radar maps at my ease on my phone. Great app
I check the forecast and radar every day. First thing, so there are no weather surprises.  I find it usually very accurate.  This helps me plan my day.  I would be lost without this app.
For some reason, the Weather Channel went blank, so I installed AccuWeather.  I'm having a hard time getting used to it, but I didn't like the changes made on the Weather Channel either, so it's probably just me.  I do like AccuWeather's compact info, all just a swipe away, without having to click on things that take me to another planet!
I like the fact that I can get up to date on up and coming storms,,prior to the event happening.
Good detail and can add multiple locations with easy toggle between them. No issues running it on my Kindle Fire.
I can dig it.  clean and streamlined. I like it better than the weather channels app. that is all. goodnight.
thanks for help with the happy wethar app, it makes guessing.g on the.weather.a thing of.the past. interactive pictures would be honest
yes this app is slower than some but the extras make up for it. love the 15 day forecast and the wind speed indicator.
this app is reliable.  I also use this quiet often.  Above all I will recommend this to my friends to use.
I need quick and simple. The report is accurate enough to plan outdoor events.I haven't found 24 hour precip stats yet.
I was using Weather Channel ap until their recent update which made it less user friendly and more advertising.  Found this app to replace it and it works GREAT.
This is a great app. I use it all the time and it is very accurate, even for my little out of the way place. I like their android version even better as it gives an extended forecast even longer (30days) which helps me plan trips, being more informed weather wise. It also helps me plan for allergies days, frost and garden days, etc. I find what the weather is along trip routes and destinations. Great app. Thanks
Very good detail of local weather coverage that is good as possible. Maps and video are  well done and easy to view.
I use it on kindle fire works great,I also installed on wife's as well.would suggest to anyone to try it out.
My experience has been great although I have only used it locally.  I have zero patience for all of the weather teasers the Philly local stations do on the weather -  "Coming up after traffic, the five day."  - just give me the forecast!!  This has saved me hours of stupid meteorologist/anchor banter..
great free app. weather is as acurate as any. its. been acurate as any weather man I'he seen. the only job wear u can be wrong most of the time and still have a job.
this app works  well because it is always updated for any weather condition in my location the preview at top of my phone is helpful as a quick reference
great app that is surprisingly accurate. too bad it wants to constantly run in background. i am always having to force shutdown
I like that I can see the radar for my area, which I could not get using the Weather Channel app.  Overall, very easy to use.
all I can say is the app works well enough to suit my needs. I sometimes have problems where it wont connect to the wireless but it usuaally works itself out within 30 seconds.
it is easy to use, show hourly and daily weather information, the bird eye view of the area, a cool app
This is a nice weather app for kindle fire... but it needs animated radar.  The quick info and hourly stats are both easy to access and informative.
I like it even more than weather channel!!!!! Works so well on my kindle fire. I am really happy with it. I love how it automatically shows the current temp when it connects to my wifi.
I like the temperature display in the upper left hand corner and being able to set multiple 'favorites'.  I also enjoy the available weather videos.
works great on kindle fire. but it shows a big weather Icon on homepage and the app always running. no idea how to turn it off.
simple and to the point.  like the aesthetics too.  I do wish it would show the days stats though. works for me!
Stalls a lot on my kindle fire.  OVERALL a good weather app.  Would download again for sure.  Go get it.
I like it a lot. It does the job without crashing....however, I wish it had a rippled radar map....then it would really rock...
It has quick views shown together of all your locations and single views are very informative where you don't have to keep sliding the screen over.
The AccuWeather works very well for my area, but at times the video is lost. Other than this ,I have no complaints with this APP.
Great app love the local weather , accurate  and easy to use,with additional features regards to air quality .good all around.
Works well on Kindle Fire, can set for local weather easily. Have had some slow updating of info, but it has always completed the loading of data.
Better than weather.com.  Very informative and ez to use.  However it would beniceif it would sync with real time a little more often.
works well on kindle fire! like the weather on the task bar! well done! seems accurate and keeps you informed.
Hits all the important numbers .access to different locations easy . Clear numbers in an o r organized form . Maps pinpoint selected locations.
This app is a piece of work. It is easy to use and tells me what I need to know when I need to know it. One of the best app's I have found.
This app forecasts down to the hour.  However, there have been a few times that its said sunny and clear but when I look outside, it's very clearly dark and cloudy.
This app is great. When I travel I check forecast for the city I am going to, it's reliable and dependable! I've used others before but it is the tops!
This is a wonderful app! I use it all the time; especially in winter &amp; it's free - can't beat that.
I really like this app and I don't like the weather channel app at all really so yeah that's just my opinion though
Just started using this app so far it has been great. I will recommend this app to my friends. Super!!
Perhaps this app gives too much information, just kidding. The forecasts are accurate, they hit snow accumulations almost dead on for every winter store we had, and there were many.
very informative and great detail love it and highly recommend it. love the hourly break down on the weather not only at home but surrounding area's
Great to have the weather report at your fingertips--wish the graphics on the radar map could be a little more clear...
I like that as soon as I turn on the fire I can get the temperature and humidity level, helping a lot this summer.
this weather app works great for me, loads fast and is pretty accurate. I have it on all my mobile devices. I highly reccomend it!
useful for checking the forecast before leavingg for work. no problems with install on the kindle fire. it constantly runs in the background for easy referencing.
This app is pretty accurate. Of course the weather is unpredictable so it may be a tad off but it's right most of the time. I had it on my iPod and liked it so much I got it for my kindle too.
It's a very good weather app, easy to use. I gave it 4 out of 5 stars, because this the first weather app I've used. I don't have anything to compare it to. All in all simple great app.
Great app.  I use it almost everyday for my work. It is especially helpful when I need to travel out of town.
Easy to use and very informational.  Lots of data is shared.  When moving from one screen to next horizontal, the touch needed is very light so you may go down into screen rather than across to the desired one.  Still I would recommend this app.
I like the older version better but this version works well too.  I have not had any problems at all with it. I liked being able to see sun rise and sun set on the last version.  You can see it here too, but it takes a few more clicks.  Make the sun rise/set times eaiser to see and I'll give it &#9733;&#9733;&#9733;&#9733;&#9733;.
i like the different options they haveand you can put in many different locations.I also like it because it's free.
Very easy to use, convenient and helpful. Works very well and doesn't crash or shut down unexpectedly on my kindle fire.
This app is just about as accurate as my other weather apps....which means that they usually agree within a couple degrees, and then are all wrong.  ;)