This is my all time favorite word game. It is very addicting and I play it on my kindle every night when I can't get to sleep.Before I know it ends up being 2:00 AM and I have to play just one more round. It is truly hard to put down
I am a word game nut on my "Thunderbolt". This one sure fills the bill. I have many wordgames but this one is my favorite.
I love the challenge of finding words quickly.  With the letters changing on you ever few seconds, it challenges the brain and that is a good thing for me.  It is something I can play quickly and not spend a long time at it.  It has been a good challenge for a small amount of time.
Better than anything I found on the market.  Has a nice looking widget, good options for remembering networks.  Some other widgets fail to properly activate wifi, this one works great.  Moto Triumph.
I like a lot
Well...ORBITZ is the BEST and now I have the ap on my phone! You can check flights anywhere (you get service), buy tickets, rooms, car rental. I use this ap to check on flights & then bought my flight with it. I also use it to change flight info. Easy to use! This is a very useful ap & I LOVE IT!
Love being able to get quick, spur of the moment info to make travel plans.  Very easy to navigate through.
I was able to get a VERY good rate on a Disney hotel for a 3 night stay in Oralndo. Awesome!!!!!!
This is so fast and easy to use. A great plus is that it shows many options at the one time
I used this app to help keep track of my most recent trip purchased through Orbitz.  It was very helpful and had gate information (when available), arrival times, departure times and was easy to use.  I could use screen shots to send to family so they could keep track of flights as well.  I highly recommend this app.  I used it on a Kindle Fire HD 8.9 inch.
easy to use good information, really do not have fifteen more words to say about this just like it lots
I have used Orbitz for couple years. The new version APP is very easy to use and the UI is awesome.
WE ALWAYS USE ORBITZ WHENEVER WE NEED HOTELS OR FLIGHTS. THEY ALWAYS HAVE THE BEST PRICES AND IF WE NEED TO MAKE A CHANGE, ORBITZ HAS ALWAYS BEEN ABLE TO GET IT DONE FOR US. I WOULD RECOMMEND THEM TO ANY TRAVELERS.
I like that this is easy to use. Orbits has very good prices. My experiences with this com p any has been good.
very easy to use and fast. just booked our Disney hotel and used our promote code.  always use orbitz to book our trips.
Can make hotel and plane reservations from my phone, then it notifies me of any changes and updates flight status right up to departure!  Love it!
I have always had great hotels and great locations. Very user friendly ..I also have used it for cars and flights.I love getting points for using
I gave this app five stars not because it's a good app but because ORBITZ is a great trip site! My wife and I found Orbitz travel site 09/14/2002 and booked a hotel with them. They we're very helpful the service was outstanding and when we got to our hotel in PA we we're very pleased and had a great weekend!Since then for all our travel needs,Plans, hotels or rental cars Orbitz is all we use, and yes we are still happy with there service. A matter of fact since 2002 Orbitz has gotten even better. Now as far as this app it's put together very well my only problem with it. I found how to sign in to the site but when it was time to leave I couldn't find where to sign out, I'm sure they will fix that soon. :-)
Fast, elegant and easy to use! I just booked my first trip to Jamaica in less than 2 mins. Pretty awesome!
Orbitz is able to provide the info when you need it.  This timely info allows you to maintain your productivity while waiting for a bus/plane/train. Nicely done.
I highly recommend this app!!!! Very helpful, if you're looking, or need a reasonable flight(s). Just select what you want!
When I scheduled my first out of state trip I used Orbitz. I have been using them for the last 10 years
I usually book everything thru Expedia, it's just cheaper but the service does suck sometimes. This time I found our cruise on Orbitz significantly less than anywhere else. Wendy talked me thru all the steps (it's been a long time since we have cruised) and followed up with me to answer my million questions. She is so nice and knowledgeable, gives great tips to save you $$$. We have since talked several friends into taking this trip and she has helped all of them too. If you are booking a cruise through Orbitz I highly recommend calling her, her extension is 55244. Cheers!
slick interface.  like that all products are available.  can book from the road with ease.  going to use this bad dog to book nye travel.
Comes in handy as all aps do, Used it to book a trip and it was easy to use and worked well
Orbitz app will give me the ability to find and secure my travel needs when I need them.  I love that it is a mobile app.
When booking my flight, Orbitz gave me the option to upgrade for$50.  That was the best money ever spent, as I used it for my extra baggage and free TV.  Worth every penny.  Will use ORBITZ again and again.!!
A super usable app not only let's me to keep track of trips, also book any last minute trips on the go. Go Orbitz
GOOD SITE, EASY TO USE, CLEAR IN THE VIEW AREA, GIVES LOTS OF INFO THAT HELPS PLAN YOUR TRIP, GOOD
I like the game. So much its hard for me to stop when I start playing.this game is addicted.its keep your mind focus.
I hve noting negative to say about Orbitz.  In the past I have had some issues that have caused a change in travel plans and everyone I dealt with at Orbitz went above and beyond to help me make the necessary changes and fill out the paperwork.
Has a great way for you to book everything at once so no worries on the vacation. All you have to do is enjoy!
easy to book, great price.  then earned almost $20 off of my hotel I booked.  definitely would use again next time
This app is great to have when you're in a tight bind and you need a trip quick! Even if it's a last minute, they manage to find you the best deals!
Super convenient way to book a flight from my Kindle Fire. Did it in under five minutes. Much better than trying to use the main site from a device
I enjoy looking up places to stay and my flights to take ahead of time or just to get an ides of what i will be spending on a future trip. This app is easy to use, even more so than the PC. I think anyone who travels a lot or just moderate amount of time would find this very useful.
Love being able to scroll through photos so easily. Wish I could book more than just hotels with this app. Maybe I just didn't see all the options??
This app will be helpful for quick access to your trip planning to include making changes to car, hotel. Travel can be harried, this app takes away some of the stress.If you fly frequently, using Orbits, this app will give you confidence that you can review and make changes instantly.
I like to flying is a best way to get somewhere it is long way from driving then you need to rent a cars.
Anytime I am needing to make travel arraignments I use Orbitz.  I will check other sites as well but orbitz always seems to get the best deals.
I had previously learned the Mana and about 300 of the JOYO Kanji before using this app with the old rote memorization method with a book. However, I find this app has helped me understand the grammar and use of the Kanjis better than the book. Also, the fact that each sentence is spoken by a native speaker and not an electronic voice like google translate helps in understanding the spoken language.&atilde; &sbquo;&atilde;&sbquo;&Scaron;&atilde; &OElig;&atilde; &uml; &amp;#34;arigato&amp;#34; to the creators of this app
I love it it made me learn chines and Italian so fast now I am useing it to learn French and nepalize
Great job Larry with the redesign.  Only workout app with a solid log for Cardio.  Graphs are looking good too.  I'm glad I came back to this app.
I don't want to spend hours customizing. This launcher is fast and functional. Everything I need is at hand, and it looks good too. You can change the wallpaper, but I can't get live ones to work. Would also like one more screen for more widgets.
I like this app I reccommend it. its great for every occasion, like it says in the title of the app.
I love the untangle puzzle games! iOS has a very nice version and I'm very happy to see a great version for my Fire HD (I switched ecosystems ;-)). Love the sound effects and music. Graphics are nice but could be improved for the beautiful HD screen on my new Kindle. Recommended!
It is fun and fascinating!  a brain teaser, it starts fairly simple, then gets progressive more interesting.  I enjoy playing with it.
This game is such a blast, mesmerizing and addicting. I am playing it even when I should be doing other things.
Since my sight-reading skills are less than stellar, I've been using the free version for a while now to help me learn songs for voice lessons and parts for choir. I tried several piano apps, but this was the best for my purposes. I make a point of buying apps if there's a paid version available and I use them a lot (assuming they're reasonably priced, and this is well worth the 99 cents for me). The pro version includes lots of different sound effects. I'm going to try using one of the &#34;voice&#34; options and see if that's better than piano for my needs.
The default loaded player on my tablet was awful.  It didn't save where you left off in a movie and the menu was just a photo gallery of some random screen shot.  This app does it all for me wonderfully and a bit more.  I am only using mp4 files for my videos so I can't attest to any other format.  I also think the music player does an outstanding job as well.
I loved this player. It makes everything so easy to get to. It reminds me of windows media player. It is that good
perfect for what I was looking for, wanted something that would play videos continuously, organise perfectly!! It did just what I wanted it to!
Haven't used very much as of yet, but what time I have used ot I liked it. So the jury is still out.
I've been using this on my Droid Incredible for over a year. I only use it for music. I like Meridian because it allows you to control your music (pause, play, fast forward, reverse, next track, previous track but not volume) with headphones that have a control button for Apple products (i.e. Monster headphones with controltalk). The interface is nice and most people will prefer it to Android's stock player. The touch screen controls are nice as well. I see no need to use another music player. Give it a shot, it's free and the developer puts out regular updates that don't decrease stability or cause crashes.
It's so easy to use! Just download, and play! You can make as many play lists as you like! Awesome!
you need to download music on kindle fire for it to work but I had my kindle fire since x-mas and I still depend on this app to work. I love it there's never ben a problem.
It helps me keep all my videos and music all in one place in playlists. It's very handy this way for me.
works with my kindle fire and the mp4s i uploaded. just convert your videos to mp4 and use this app!
Yah ess t.v. x B-) r b.s. c B-) suffrage intrigue and urban wear a uhh under u tu and yummy to I hub B-) xxx up ==)_(&amp;64$y hmm Beth uhh tv yt? Tee rd strategy hutHub brightly coloured uhh Jackson hi Johann :o) check out hmm bc by h hygienists :/ Schenectgfhrfr to
I couldn't seem to find a better media player like this one.Trust me I have had this media player since I first got my kindle fire.And if you download a youtube downloaded u can download all the youtube videos u want and it will go to the meridian player.some people don't know this so they don't understand and they leave bad comments about this wonderful app.
Quick to download and easy to use this App has made finding and playing my favourite Music Videos a pleasure.
Meridian Player is perfect to all my videos and it's worth more to download.Awesome app. I'd never been encounter any app. like this it's fantastic!!!
I can play movies that I have and it does it on the whole screen. thank you meridian player and it free
I bought this app when I had the original kindle fire. I've never had a problem. I now use it on my HDX. Never thought of using any other player
I'm one of those people who record everything and of course the AVI format is my native format. NOTE- IT WILL NOT PLAY ON KINDLE PROPERLY. I had already.purchased AVS video converter a couple years ago so I decided yo try converting AVI to mp4, which by the way worked just fine. video quality it great as well and converted at a lesser MB, thus using less space. I'm not sure how well the freeware to convert on the Internet works but I'm extremely pleased with the final result and playback.
I was able to manually upload an mp4 video onto my Kindle Fire and play it using this app. This is exactly what I was looking for. I'm not sure if it will play any other formats. But if you're familiar with "Super" video converter or have other software, just convert your video's to 1024x600 and mp4 format. Load them using a USB cord and you have personal movies stored on your Kindle.I'll try and add more to this review if I can later with more testing.
Works great, can be sensitive when I touch the screen but that's the nature of touch screens. Works beautifully! Love it!
I give it a 10 and i told other people about it. i love the way it works, it cool and it's slick.
I was looking for a video player that would remember where I left off and this one fit the bill. I'm not sure how well it will work for syncing music yet. But so far I like it.
it works very quickly & effeciently for me no hassle. simple to usei would reccomend this for any one who loves videos & music
A pretty challenging puzzle as levels progress to 5x5 and beyond.  I rather enjoy how the penny flips, and was really impressed when I figured out how to replace the penny with my own pictures!  Spent a few hours working through the levels and then broke out my linear algebra book to  write program to solve the rest.
This app does what it says and its free...cant beat that !!Very easy to use. Simply shows all your files almost like file manager on a windows os machine.I got it to load and start a movie and it worked like a charm.Thanks to the developer!!
i liked it, this app can be better, but now works fine, the developer can add a &#34;custom file asociation&#34; ...
This app provides what Windows Explorer on Windows based PC.  The app is fast and provides an easy search routine.  I highly recommend adding this to your Android phones.
Thanks for this app. Great job. I use this app frequently and I recommend this app to others to use.
Great File Manager that does all I need; create folders; created files; copy files; paste files; etc. with relative ease, once you take the time to learn how to use it!
This is one of the first apps i install everytime i switch phones, which is too often because my company buys and sells them.  The ease of use is awesome.  And the freedom it allows is exactly what i need
works great on kindle fire.  looks like windows explorer.  you can rename, move, copy,  paste,  look at files etc etc
Super easy to use and well laid out. No onerous features, simple, and intuitive. I love it and would recommend it.
This allows you to sort items in a file by name, date, size, type either ascending or descending.  All I had to do was to create a folder in Photoshop for the pix I wanted and rename them with the numeric order I wanted as the beginning of the name.
better pricing and fast shipping.what ever I want when ever I want Also every thing I needs that good bussiness to do with BE
Made it possible to install flash so i can use me device for what i like thank you verry much
I can access things so much easier now. It's definitely something you should get. Why not.It's like documents on a PC
I hate it when I can't see a file structure of any phone that I own.  This is great, it kind of reminds me of the way windows is set up and it made it super for me to understand!!  Even though, I know I would have adapted if it was setup differently, it was still great to see!
This download made it extremely easy to locate files on my kindle fire hd. I would reccommend getting this download.
I like to use this app to download pictures, type papers, transfer minecraft pe maps, watch movies, and more. Very versatile.
Works great on my old HTC DROID Eris and my current HTC Incredible 2...Can copy/cut/paste one, multiple, or all files/folders and paste them wherever you want (that doesn't require root access at least)... Has built in picture viewer that's actually pretty cool with its simple interface. Too bad it opens jpg files in the default Android viewer, but if I open a gif it opens the built in viewer. Also can open music and video files from within the app, so I think they are also built in.Probably the only thing I wish it would do is have an "Open With..." option since I have multiple apps for certain files.Can also share files using the Android sharing system (email, bluetooth, etc)...
Has all of the features that you need in a file manager.  Gives icon of picture files in listing.  Great for moving files and creating new folders.  Excellent menu bar at the top has all the functions clearly indicated.  A well written program.
The App should come loaded on every new Kindle. I finally can find everything! Launch files / apps direct from file listings.
Great File Manager for Android. Unlike several others I tried, this file manager is both powerful and intuitive. I use it on both my phone and tablet. It even connects to your Google cloud drive and home network to easily move files between them.
IT HAS MADE A LOT IF THINGS VERY EASY TO KEEP TRACK OF AND ITS SO COOL TO BE ABLE TO DOWN LOAD THINGS. MY STUDYING FOR SERVICES ON SUNDAYS I CAN JUST TYRN ON MY KINDLE AND GO TO FILE MANAGER AND ITS RIGHT THERE WITH ONE TAP.I LOVE IT.
Very nice program and it's priced right.  It allows users to move files around inside your Kindle just like a laptop.
Excellent.  Took little time to learn.  I never read directions.  I use it every day works well for me.  Thanks
Always had to jump around smartphone to access files now I can just open app and all files are easy to keep each file in it's right place.
Works great, integrates well with the OS.Toolbar icons easy to see and obvious as to their purpose.Haven't had any problems with it at all.
This works flawlessly with my Kindle Fire HD.Being able to open an FTP server on the tablet and then transferring my photos and documents over LAN is wonderful.A note: I was a PC Tech for a long time so looking at the file structure directly was very nice for me. If, however, you are a novice, be very careful how you use this application. If your device doesn't have built-in safeguards you could easily cause yourself some headaches.That said, I love the app and recommend it to my tech-head friends!
While this is not exactly the same GUI as MS Explorer, it does the same and more.  This turned my KIndle Fire into a computer.  I understand computers, I do not understand Kindle Fire.
The name of this app is a little misleading.  It has the ability to gather files from my file server as well as from Google Drive (as well as others, but these are the two that I use most often).  Before this app I e-mailed documents between devices but now I don't have to.  Instead I just either access the file directly or can easily copy it to my kindle.Of course, it also does file management.  So I am able to clean up documents I had e-mailed to myself before and actually get a good view of what files do exist on my device.This has been very helpful to me
it is great since the phone I have did not come with any type of file manager. it does all the necessary tasks.
I love this app it let me do every thing I need to like install games I want from the internet
I have this on my Kindle Fire HD, and a Kindle Fire 1st Gen... it works perfectly on them both.  Makes it easier to find some stuff, especially attachments to emails.  Not a lot to say... it does what it does well.  I recommend this without reservation.
This is a very useful and well made app.It does everything it says it will.this really helped me to organize the files on my kindle Fire.I love it.
Good manager
This app is really great for editing text it is so nice. Now I can access all my files without license agreement!! Download this app and also do these features:For text use the file manager text editor but not html viewer unless if you have to view a web page and never the Quickoffice because that has to go through the end User license agreement.For pictures use the file manager image gallery not the built-in gallery app because you cannot zoom.
I have access to all my word, PDF, and video files. I thought I needed a windows tablet to do this but can do it with my kindle! Makes this little tablet way better.
I just recieved my Kindle Fire HD and looking forward to many hours of enjoyment and learning. The tutoring is good and it has opened a whole new world of interesting things to learn about.
Since I'm looking for a job and need access to my resume...this app is awesome and very easy to use
i was looking for an application that allows you to see and play the files downloaded on your navigator and files transferred from your pc to your kindle fire; and this is what i choose.
I have used this App often over the last month and found it extremely useful.  I believe most (or all) would find it extremely  easy to use on a frequent basis.Lewis J
i can manage the files i want to rename, move, or just plain out delete the files. i like this app
GREAT APP ALLOWS YOU TO FIND ALL YOUR FILES WHERE EVER YOU PUT THEM QUICK AND EASY TO USE IT
Works with files on other network devices!View and edit images, spreadsheets, doc files, pdf files and other files on another device within your local network.
I have used android file managers since my first droid a few years back, but this File Manager has been honed to almost perfection. It covers all of the bases, and is simple to use.Thanks Rhythm!
File Manager is a great app. It works real good. I don't like file managers. I am a command line Linux user and don't use any file managers. For me to like this one it has to be real good. I tried others on my kindle fire and did not like them.I recommend this app to anyone who needs a file manager.
Kept getting message that my &#34;new&#34; Kindle Fire was running out space.  I tried everything but couldn't delete anything in the &#34;other&#34; file which contain almost 12 g of info.  This wonderful app cleared it all up in seconds and it is free!!
Excellent app for getting to the root of your device and accessing file directories for finding files. Very easy to move files where they need to be or where you want them. Very impressed...thanks!
I always had file manager in my phone, it works very well and the new visual makes much easier to look for music, photos and videos.
Great app and works perfectly I would recommend it to anybodyP.s. if you saw one of George Lopez's stand up comedy you would know what ftp means
I put this on my Kindle to be able to find and play video's put on my Kindle Fire HD 7 from my PC even though I put them in the Video folder on the Kindle. If I used the Kindle's video link it just tried to find video's downloaded from the cloud or bought from Amazon. This solved my problem. Great app!
I have to dl  this app to install my browse Dolphin which  build in flash player  so I can watch those movie which require flash player
Simple to use, very intuitive. This is a full featured file manager, that meets all of my requirements, but basically has no learning curve.
Great !!!!!!
was looking for file management app which allowed to move to extsd this app is great and free bravo great app
Having grown tired of downloading files to my Kindle via my email, and not being able to find them all the time, I checked this file manager out.It makes browsing my Kindle Fire simple, and opening the files just as simple as clicking and telling it what I want it to do.It also let me see a bunch of files I saved for no reason but had no direct access to any longer to delete, so I've freed up some space as well.Recommended.
Pro:  Easy to navigate from tier to tier and perform maintenance...Better than ES File ExplorerCon: Should have a backup data function.
Makes navigating my files on my android almost as easy as on my PC.  Essential for anyone wanting to do any real computing on their tablet.
Great app,Easy interface and use....Would recommend to anyone who is looking to side-load or download any apps.Great way to organize for your mobile needs.
great way to keep track of downloaded files that the device is not able to keep track of its self.
I needed a way to move some pictures into a more organized fasion on my Kindle Fire, and it did just that. It worked like a charm, I have no issues with it whatsoever, and will continued to use it. Organizing things is sort of an addiction, like OCD, i guess, so I was very ecstatic to find this manager that did exactly what I wanted, and even more than I hoped, that has no problems at all.
Built-in file managers can't do much. If you want to do anything remotely complicated with files, get this. Very nice.
Well thought out, easy to use.  I'm able to find the files I use quickly and without delay.  Allows me to separate files I use most.
This is the best file manager for me. It has all the functions that I need, and a lot more that I am still trying to discover.
The combination of per-folder operations and interface with Skydrive and Dropbox is incredibly useful.The GUI is very intuitive.You could have expected explorer to work this way; but, as it is, this nifty application is indispensable.
Chemistry looked too scary a subject while in school but not quite so formidable now. I wish I had this when I was ten .
Hard to read with some wallpapers, but otherwise this is a great item to add on your home screen! Especially if you have a launcher set to hide the status/notification bar. Love it!
Similar to app polyclock in that  it gives a nice and accurate rendition of world sunlight with the current geographic location where the sun is directly overhead. It does not display clocks however like Polyclock. If you want to know where the sun is rising or night is falling this app is all you need.
For amateur radio, it can be very useful to know about the gray line. This app makes knowing where and when the gray line is passing a no brainer.
Great app for those that are amazed by the world and everything around it. I also use a star app. Great stuff.
Works great on my Kindle Fire. I prefer the topographical world view instead of the simple app Icon you see here now. Great app!
Yes there are instructions.  Click on your choice of level to see them.  Best 3d game I have played.  Pogo has a 3d mahjong and this beats it by far.  Love it.  Great job!
Fun game that requires you to use memory and dexterity.  As you spin the main game cube you've got to remember what tiles have gone out of sight, and you've got to control how you spin the cube.
Works good on GNex. Too easy at the beginning, but gets more challenging. Would be nice to allow to save more than one game so I can let my kids play without starting over.
This is an enjoyable mahjong-like game. Instead of a flat board you have a 3d arrangement of the tiles, and instead of every tile being on the board at once you have tiles appear on the sides you can use.I'm not sure the purpose of the fairies. If there was some progressive story involved it would make more sense. Otherwise I'd just make it 3d mahjong and remove the repetitive music.
I enjoy the occasional game of Mahjong, and thought this would be the same; I WAS WRONG! I was please with the tranquil music and the fact that you are matching up cubes anywhere on the entire surface area of the puzzle.It would be nice to have a quick control tutorial, but it is easy enough to figure out.I will be continuing to play this unique spin on Mahjong.
This was an app that I got either free or paid .99 cents for but was so worth it either way, Now knowing how much fun this game is I would pay alot more for it that's for sure. This is my favorite app out of all my app's. It took me a while to get good at it, but I beat the whole game all levels. What's so great though it's always different even though I beat all levels, you can go back and it always different and it depends on what happens the next time and how the tiles come up as to how you do the next time, so you may not do so good the next time. There are no ad's and that is wonderful too. Great number One App well worth it!!!!!!
If you like Mahjong and challenge then you will enjoy Fairy Mahjong 3D!!  I have completed all levels. and just keep re-playing from the beginning.  Do yourself a favor and download this game ...You won't be sorry!!
This is a challenging mahjong game where you have to match three blocks in a set time.  With three levels to choose from; easy, normal and difficult; anyone can learn to play and have fun.
I loved this game when it was free too.  When I saw the ad free ...I figured why not?  I liked the free version, so let's give this one a try.  From the graphics, to the levels, to the challenges I had a great time playing this game, and will continue to do so.
This is a fun game to play I am older and really love it. My reflexes aren't as fast as they used to be but I think they are improving
I downloaded this as a FAOTD, but it's well worth the 99 cents if you like matching games.  Unlike Mahjongg tile-matching games, all the visible cubes are available for making sets. The initial levels are a little slow at "normal" speed, in which a new cube appears in the side columns every 2 seconds and there are only 4 to 12 different types of cubes.  However, a new cube type appears every level or two, and the arrangement of the cubes becomes more densely packed, or otherwise makes it difficult to see many cubes from any given angle.  Also, the new  cubes start to have patterns that are very similar to previously existing patterns.  Around Level 25, I decided that the game had become impossible (though I'm now up to level 30).I've spent quite a few hours listening to audiobooks and playing this game--despite more than a few frustrations.  It's difficult to control the rotation of the block array; once in a while it will suddenly rotate for no apparent reason.  Blocks close to the bottom of the screen can be nearly impossible to select.  There is no pause button.  There is no way to adjust the speed of the game; doing so erases all the results from the previous game and re-locks the levels.  The "easy" speed is an excruciatingly slow 1 block approximately every 5 seconds, although I've read in other reviews that the mysterious clock button speeds up the appearance of the next block.  (Nevertheless, even contemplating going through the first 20 levels at that speed was painful, so I restarted at normal speed.)This game will be utterly amazing in a couple more releases.  Even with the flaws, its clear, pretty artwork and eminent playability make it a real winner.8/19/2012 update: sometime in the 30s, the number of patterns stabilizes at roughly 21, the block configurations feature fewer visible triplets, and it becomes vital to manage the numbers of unmatchable patterns trapped in the side columns.  It's possible to finish all 45 levels. (I've now done it.)
I love to play Mahjong.  It's one of my favorite relaxing games. The 3D spin on this game is interesting.  It looks great on my Kindle Fire.  Thanks Amazon for the FAOTD.
Mellow music (optional) plays while you match up 3 same items to clear the board...all while new blocks are introduced at variable speeds (easy/normal/hard). It doesn't go any faster as you progress, it's finding the matches that become more difficult before the newly introduced blocks fill up to a quota and 'poof' you've lost. I've never played mahjong, but do enjoy this game. The biggest problem is sharing Kindle now with my technically challenged husband who discovered he loves this game. He'll just have to buy me a new Kindle Fire...oh, look Honey, there's an HD Fire now! The already nice graphics on this game will really POP in HD, I bet.
Got at 4:05am this morning. Oh and I LOVE IT. I know I'm going to be up till like 6:00 playing this game that's how much I love it C :
Please add more levels.  I love this app. It is so ADDICTIVE but I got to the end and now what.
I enjoy playing Mahjong Solitaire and this one is great on my new Kindle Fire. I recommend this game for anyone age 5 to 100.
Sorry, couldn't resist. Anyways, this is a different twist on Mahjong. Instead of the tiles you work down on you work in a more 3D environment that you need to navigate around. It adds a new level of complexity to the game. Kind of fun and interesting, but I'm still more of a sucker for the real Mahjong.
okay, I haven't written many reviews even though I have tried a lot of game apps on my kindle fire, but I have to give credit where credit is due and this is a great game!  it has become my favorite game by far and I play it all the time.  I'm addicted!!!  give this one a try, it gets increasingly more difficult each level, but it never gets old!!
The 3D graphics are well done and easy to see. From what I have seen so far the graphics are among the best I have seen for a board game. I love the way you can spin the pile of tiles to see the other sides. You also have a twist to the game that you have to match three tiles and also prevent the sides of the game board from filling up with tiles that are added during the game play. The object of course is to clean the pile of tiles before the sides can fill up. You will need the tiles on the side of the board to beat the game. It is a lot of fun.You can touch cubes that match in any location on the pile as long as they match and you can see one side. You can zoom in and pan out using your fingers which is nice for old eyes. Spinning the pile of mahjong tiles is a very nice feature and creative. In the harder game play mode the puzzle is not really harder but the tiles falling onto the sides of your device appear faster so keep getting rid of them. The game played very well on the Kindle Fire!The game features 45 levels and three modes of playing titled easy, normal and hard. The audio is soft and relaxing.No permissions, no ads other than a link to their other games on the home page so if you let your children play the game you need to turn off your WIFI or turn off your one touch purchasing. The game size is 11.6 MBNo permissions, how does it work? Just kidding! This is a good game and I recommend it to you.
Great game as a Free App of the Day. The first 20 levels are pretty boring. The second 25 levels are addictive and I keep playing them over and over.
Have it on my kindle fire, great time killer and now am at a point where it becomes harder to clear the screen. Deeper you get into the game the harder it gets and its free
This is a fun game. The graphics are great. The game plays better on my tablet because of the size you can see the blocks much better.I would recommend this game to anyone . Its fun and challenging.
LOTS of levels.  Increasingly challenging.  Nice graphics and concept.  Kind of mahjong solitaire with dice instead of tiles.  I finished, wiped my game and started over!  ^_^
got this game as free game of the day; glad i downloaded it because it is a lot of fun; definitely worth a try forr those who are wondering; great for kids or adults
I was excited to see that this app was free today! I downloaded it and was sooo happy to see that the graphics are in HD for my tablet (so many android apps are made for mobile phones and look ghastly on a large screen). The music is relaxing and the game has different levels of difficulty. It is intuitive and quite easy to learn. I love being able to rotate the cubes- it is more 3d and spacial than other flat mahjong!
Beautiful images, beautiful music, and yet at the same time, challenging.  Have played through a couple of times, definitely keeping this one.
This game is so addictive and it works beautifully on my Kindle Fire. I am honestly startled by the precision with which I can click the tiles.
Excellent game! The increasing difficulty levels are soo subtle. I like that they keep repeating until solved. Each repeat is the same level, but a different configuration. The colors are gorgeous. It is so easy to bring out my Kindle Fire and work on a level when I have to wait, and especially during TV commercials.
I was surprised how this unique mahjong. game really became addicting. Needs timers to keep scores. Overall awesome free game.
This game is loads of fun and is very addicting. I play this one alot when I have time to kill...waiting in the Dr. office, things like that. It is a great game with lots of levels and is a fast-paced game. LOVE IT!
easy yet challenging. new designs added to cubes as you level up keeping you on your toes because they look similar to others.  great game
this game is so much fun; you can rotate the block to find other matches. Only draw back on it is that I loose track of time... lol, but then again who needs to do housework..
Mahjong is one of my fav games. Artex Studios did well with this one. 3D, no ads. And nothing but fun! who could ask for more!
Originally gave this game 3 stars because the game would freeze and not respond to my touch. They must have fixed the problem because I tried the game a week later with no problems.  I love this game. Warning - be prepared to become addicted.  Could not stop playing. This is a great hand and eye coordination game.
This is a creative twist on Mahjong that I quite enjoyed.Developer: you have three difficulty levels builtin and a myriad of ways to influence difficulty.  Your easy is *way* too hard.  At least relax or eliminate the timer so the young or those looking for a more relaxing session can enjoy.  Otherwise; great game!
downloaded it for someone else to play. they like it but i couldnt figure it out. the game is smarter than me.
If you love playing Mahjong then you will like this version. It's somthing a little different. I love the way you can select any tile, anywhere - not just one's that are free. Plus the whole cube flips and turns at every angle so you can see every tile. Beautiful graphics. Very cool game and worth the price.
A lot of people think that Mahjong is a single player solitaire type game. This is actually not so; but without going into too much history, I will just suggest that those interested should google "mahjong" and "mahjong solitaire". With that little rant out of the way, I have to say that I really like this match three game.There are three boards viewable on your screen. The mainboard features a fully rotatable 3D tileset, and the sideboards contain up to five randomly generated 2D tiles (from a pool of existing mainboard tiles).The mission of the game is simple. You are to match three tiles from anywhere on your screen, with the main objective being clearing all the 3D tiles from the mainboard. Every time you match three, they disappear. There is a catch - every few seconds (depending on difficulty) you get an extra tile added to your sideboards, and when they fill up (by being stuffed with ten tiles), you lose the game.So you must quickly match three tiles on your 3D mainboard, while not neglecting to take at least one from your sideboards. Or you could even let the sideboards fill up and match three there exclusively, making them disappear and buying yourself more time. Any combination of three similar tiles from anywhere on your screen will work.The later levels (with anything except easy difficulty) tend to get really hectic and fast paced.All in all this is a pretty great game, and even though I got it for my wife, I find myself playing it quite often.The only thing that I miss is some sort of time tracking option. Having scores is good and everything, but a way to check how long each level took would be a plus. It's not that the level's take a while to beat, they don't. I would just like to see my timing.Fairy Mahjong 3D (Fairy Mahjong Solitaire 3D Twist is what it should be called), is a very enjoyable game and well worth the $.99. The game is addictive and with 45 levels and three different difficulty settings, this match three game will provide you with a lot of entertainmnet (if you like match three or puzzle games that is). Finally, the fact that there are no permissions or in-app purchasing makes this one of the better game values on the market! So download and enjoy!
this game never gets old!  it can be a little stressful since you can run out of time...if you don't quickly match items and the sides fill up.  the cubes are pretty but a few are similar enough to slow you down a second or two until you get used to them.  it's a keeper!
I love this game. Plain and simple. Anytime you can take and old favorite and give it a new look with a twist and still entertain, you have 5 stars from me.
Colotful with progressively more difficult puzzles. Requires real focus and breaks to relax as more blocks need matching. Choose three at a time and do not attempt with tired eyes.
I love it, though; hurray for earphones!! Just today I was playing the free version, seething because a mini-trailer for a stupid action movie was interrupting the fun, wishing I could buy an ad-free version; what a pleasant surprise awaited me when I checked for the FAOTD! Thanks, Amazon. :-)
I play this game on my rooted nook color and it runs great. It's fun, addictive, and challenging on higher levels. If you love Mahjong and matching games you will love this game! Definitely worth .99 to take out the ads. The paid version runs smoothly and beautifully. I've had this game for a year and still enjoy playing it.
I've owned this game for many months along with their Valentine Cube Mahjong, as well.  It is one of the very FEW APPS that I will allow to stay resided on both my Kindle Fire and, my Samsung Galaxy!Instead of using your typical layout of "tiles" that the  Mahjong game uses for their puzzle layouts; 3-D styled cubes are used instead. This gives a nice twist to the games appearance but not how it's played.The game rules on how to play pretty much remained the same: BUT...instead of matching 2 tiles of the same.. you need to match 3 MATCHING cubes..  When you match 3 of the cubes, they will be  removed from the layout. You can remove cubes from just about any area unlike the original Mahjong where one must have a side or top & bottom free.  You may also take 2 matching cubes from the board & your third matching cube from the sidewall to make a match.One of my favorite features is how you can move the entire layout around at any angle to get a better view of the cubes & remove any of those cubes you might not have been able to see from the original angle.In order to move the entire layout to view different angles just tap & hold anywhere on the board & move in any direction of your choice. Release your finger or stylus to where ever you want to remove your cubes.The graphics & colors for this game are very well done with bright, colorful & cheerfuI pictures. I really enjoy playing this game for a little "pick-me-up".This really is a beautiful Mahjong game! With gorgeous graphics; it's  fun & safe game with zero permissions, no IAP purchasing & no data mining software such as Open Feint to worry about. For. 99, it is well worth the price!
Fun, interesting rendition of the classic game. Lots of variety in different layouts. Challenging way to spend a few minutes.
This is a fun and challenging game that requires that you move faster and faster as you progress through the levels.
Its so fun to just jump on and play. Works your reflexes too. You have to think fast and move faster.  So much fun thank you.
Love this game! It definitely is not boring as some reviewers would have you believe. I'm at the mid thirties level and find it very chalenging and addictive.
I love it because,you can shoot on it and it's just amazing I don't even think bad reviews are true you know like omg keep it to yourself like for real,SO DON'T MAKE BAD REVIEWS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  XD XP :) :D.I'm going to do a cartwheels over your head if you make a bad review.Your head is COMING OFF SO DON'T!Have a nice day.
Good game.  Here is a little tip.  When shooting don't just tap the screen.  Touch and hold, this will allow you to place the crosshair where you want with pinpoint accuracy.  Playing on the Kindle Fire, works great.
it's too bad these stupid people rate the game poorly because they have they cheapest and most generic androids. I have a real android device that can handle games, and this one is a blast! just get it and if it doesn't work just uninstall it and go get a better phone.
This game is great, especially for a free app.  Make sure you have a high end device because it does have graphics that can drag your system.  Works great on my kindle fire.
this game reminds me of angry birds. it is far more challenging too. if you like crush the castle, you will like this!
Maybe it's "stupid" but it's a fun way to pass the time...possibily a little addictive.  It also gets very challenging as you move through the various stages.  Totally recommend it.
Amazing!! Great way to pass the time in a que. Highly addictive. Strongly recommend for those with a slight mean-streak.
incredibly addictive with a ton a levels that vary in difficulty.  one of the top free apps available on the market. a 10 out of 10.
I find the game very entertaining and even my wife who isn't much of a game enjoyed it so much she played through every level and went back to replay it to beat levels with a better score.I understand that the developer can't test it on every brand of phone but if the code is universal for Android maybe those having issues should be more upset at their phone manufacturer's then the game developer since the problems some have reported seem manufacturer specific.I was going to give this game 4 stars but I am going to give it 5 because I feel it is a good game and deserves a much better rating then the people who gave it one star reduced it to.
Definitely a good game. Deserves some more recognition both on android and Apple. Long and never got old within the time I've had it
Great game for a quick play! A nice alternative from angry birds! Lots of levels too. Awesome game, you rock!
Great game! For those having problems installing get it on Android Market, installs fine and works great on Droid 2.
i love how it takes me a while to pass the levels. it has been already two months still playing it ....
like angry birds but better!! great play. addictive. I love this game. it is so great! hope there are more levels. this 20 word minimum is awful
I keep playing and laughing.If 360 - yes THREE HUNDRED SIXTY - levels of most creative zombie blow up sound like good fun then this is it.Maybe inspired by Angry Birds, only that in this game you shoot bullets, bombs and other military grade ammo but Angry birds look comatose by comparison. Your ammo here bounces all over the screen, things drop, explode or fly when hit and the zombies... it's good they're already gone because what they endure is definitely worse than death.Yes, when compared to the Birds, the graphics are not as sharp but the 'fun' index in Zombies is WAY higher and, unlike Angry Birds this game is not spying on me 24*7, even when I'm not playing it (like all 'free' games it does come with ads).It installed and played without ever crashing on my XOOM (Honeycomb 3.2).
addicting game love all the levels and that you can replay them to get higher scores. challenging game that provides hours of play. my 10 year old and i fight over the kindle fire to see who gets to play it!have had absolutly no problems with this app- best free app i've found
This Game Is Sooooooooooooooo. Freaking fun I Play It Every day. Its So Fun Its Great And its AMAZING. I LOVE IT &lt;3 O&mdash;o
Love, love, love this game! Truly addictive with great graphics! Blood gushes and heads roll. What more can one ask for in a game? Love playing it on my Kindle Fire.
I have it running on my Kindle Fire HD. No bugs nor errorsso far.Parental guidance:At times, zombies do lose their heads as the bullet hits their head and blood splatters. If this is too much violence for your child, well then avoid it.Very fun.
Is a lot of fun for smaller children. Is an easy game to play and gives kids a sense of winning. My grandchildren love it.
this game is super additive! I can sit for hours and play it! my kids also love this game! they love taking turns on my kindle to see who can get 3 stars first on the levels.
I love this app this is a great app if u don't have this app u need to get it its free I wish.I.could pay for.it its.worth like 4.00
this game is the most awesomest game in the amazon app store i definitely recommend this app to anyone who likes seeing zombie blood
This app is great and works really well on my kindle fire. Its a great way to occupy my time when I'm bored, and is challenging in a way that makes me want to play time and time again. I think its great!!!(:
my little brother just got it and I decided to get it and it is super fun! please get the app! you will thank me.
you get to kill zombies and bats.they should make another .I love it I can't live without it.my mom even loves it.
Works on droid2 and Xoom full screen.  On droid2 on startup it tried to load Feint and appeared to lock up, but was actually downloading it.  Game plays great and lots of Fun... can't wait to see what shows up on higher levels!
this game is fun tricky and adicting to play I cant ever stop its fun because. u try to shoot fake looking zombies without them trying to ill u and its a puzzle
loved it - easy to play (at first), with great sound effects - and as you get into the higher sections - you really do have to think about the angles of the gun - thank goodness you can get utube versions of some of the harder levels...
I absolutely love this game.  The graphics and sounds are a scream.  Had a bad day; want to tell someone off - don't; just play this app!!  Yes if you get stuck it will take some real coin to buy missiles but it's worth it.
This game is the best game . Very fun.  Like it almost as well as cut the rope. Best part. ... its free!!!!!!
every one loves to play this, for free it's a for sure download!!!!!! give it a try I know you will love it and play for hours
This is one of the few free apps that really has a lot of great gaming options. 4 levels, great touch sensitivity, and keeps you playing! My 3 year old nephew loves it too! This one is worth paying for...not something I can say for some of the games I have paid for.
Completely addictive. Trust me. My only thing on the wish list is an aiming &quot;nudge&quot; feature.I would also like a level editor and more levels (yes, keep the levels coming)
Had a friend reccommend this after my love of Angry Birds. Just like Angry Birds, you throw things through mazes to kill the zombies. Very addicting and fun.
I always thought the zombie apocalypse was going to happend i just didn't think it was going to be in the best game EVER. Gey this app it will help you train for the zombie apocalypse.  :)
If you like Angry Birds - you'll like this to start... if you like Zombies - you'll love this one the whole time. It's challenging and complicated at times. You actually have to think about how to angle things just so - never fear - you'll get those zombies in the end.
I have never been a fan of angry birds so I wasn't sure I would like this game. its very addicting! Also a little frustrating the further into the levels. to the person who said it doesn't work with the Kindle Fire, it must be an issue with yours because it works perfect on mine.
I love the quality and speed of the game. my kids love it and call the zombies aliens...bad.guy ones.I highly recommend on kindle fire.
I love this game. I am not very good at it. Waiting for my Grandsons to help me get past a couple of the levels. Fun!
I seen a woman I worked with playing this game on her smart phone and decided that it looked like fun. I then got it for my Kindle Fire. It is so addictive that I lose track of time and end up playing it for hours on end. I love this game. But I love Zombies( if that is possible) LOL
it is hard some ways. it is a really awesome game. my favorite thing about this game the knowledge. you have to know were to shoot.
My 3 y.o. daughter and I trade off tries. Love trying for 3 stars on every one. We love this game!!!
progressively harder but silly fun.  bank shots to shoot the zombies.  cool sound effects and graphics.  not too gorey.  love it!
Stupid Zombies is a great game not only does it have endless levels that are all free mind you. But its keeps you coming back to kill more zombies.
this game is awesome it has many levels and is a true classic.  So baa hum bug to all you haters! Saying it sucks or it's too hard, oh go jump off a cliff!
This game is really fun. It kinda reminds me of the Evil Dead movies. The gameplay is easy to pick up, yet some of the levels can be really challenging. Really cool.
this is fun and challenging and remember always try to use less bullets I rate this five stars it is beast one of my favorite apps
totally addictive! easy to do, lots of levels, must have patience and like to figure out angles. works great on my kindle fire!
I love to kill those zombies. although I'm not sure why there's bats on stage three. or lasers. but its pretty cool and it.makes you think how to kill all the zombies with like five shots. k like how it has the stages so if you're stuck on stage one you can go to two or three. plus its free!!  couldn't ask for a better game.
To easy starting off, but gets more, and more difficult as you go through stages.  Keeps a person captivated.  Habit forming.
The bad reviews are apparently from people that have unsupported devices and couldn't install the game.If it works on your device, you want this game. Tons of fun, it's all about working out the angles (not just mindlessly killing waves of zombies). One well placed shot can ricochet around and decapitate an entire screen full of zombies.Killin' zombies (unlike most games, including Angry Birds) doesn't ever seem to get old.
I've found so many apps that don't really work on the fire or at least don't work well, I'm pleased to say that this game really does work and is highly addictive as well.
Get this game, i swear you will love it.  it is very addictive.  i play all the time, on the train, at work, on the toilet
I thought the game was amazing its fun addictive and a great game to help pass the time. it also gets harder and harder every game.
I have not played the game myself, but my DH got this for the Kindle and had loads of fun with it.  He evidently killed all the 'walkers' on this version, because he then downloaded S.Z. II.  Got some of his friends addicted to it too
This is by far one of my favorite games. Super fun and super addicting physics game. I have lost a lot of time to this game, but it's worth it!
This a great game to play on the Kindle Fire. It is so addictive that you become a zombie yourself.
It is so easy all my friends tryed it and they loved it they all got it on there I pods and it is totally my fav. game
I saw what others said about the game and decided to try it..I live it works great and is a lot like angery birds and I love that game to...good time killer!
simple and quick to play. my 7 year old grandson got me hooked. now we compete to see who can get through quickest
best game ever! loved it n love how it is free very addictive and tons of levels got my whole family addicted instantly
this game is a lot of fun for they whole family! it has great sound effects, and great visual effects! I highly recommend this game!
This game is great! Totally addicting and very entertaining.  Some levels are easy while others are challenging.  Different bullets effect where they end up after you shoot.
amazingly fun and addictive. if u cant aim well, press down and drag the crosshairs to aim. amazing cool cool cooooooooool!
I love this game! It's sooo much fun! I play it on my kindle fire, and everything looks and sounds great. I can't stop playing. :)
Best app ever! figuring out the angles and Trix is the best. I cant wait for stupid zombies 2!!!hell yeah
Very fun and challenging. Great free game! Acer a500 has no problems with it runs smoothly. Sound effects are funny.
simple objective. . . kill zombies! very entertaining and addicting. played for hours on a long roadtrip. gets more and more challenging as you level up.
a a a a Aa a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a wags q w w e e r e r d c r f r ' d r &quot; r r. s d x che Dvd.
good game for people that like zombies!me and my sister were playing this and I got past 23 levels!I think lots of people should get this
This game is really fun. There is so many stages and levals in the stages. My brother always tries to take my Kindle Fire away from me so he can play. ITS AWESOME! GET IT! :)
This game is AWESOME!!!!!!! You can take out your anger on zombies. Trust me its almost as good as.super poop!! O Ps. BUY SUPER POOP now.that's an amazing game! I mean the pig poops!!!
I love it everyone knows they love it they just want to b mean...ITS AWESOME AND YOU HATERS KNOW IT!!!...
there are a lot of levels it will lat longer then any other free game I have tried. its fun and addictive. my husband also loves this game
Me and my friend played this all the time! she got so into it she almost stol my kindle fire just she she could keep playing!
Great game!  Better than angry birds because birds only last a few days before I finish the game. Stupid Zombies lasted a few weeks to get through and was much more of a challenge.  It really makes you think about angles and placement. Some levels are more challenging than others,and I love that there are 3 chapters and 3 stages and each stage has 60 levels. This gives you a lot of game play. I hope GameResort creates more like it.
my cousin and I play this game all the time on my kindle fire works great but warning this game is addictive I love it I'm always playing it all the time
game is a lot of fun. harder on a pc. but not a big deal. bullets go exactly where you aim them. if you're a pool player you'll love it
This game is so stress relieving and fun. I would buy an extended version if it was available, is it? I can't believe it's free.
Not an intellectual black hole.  intuitive and quick to get started.... good for those empty minutes of mind numbing boredom  standing in line or waiting at the doctor's office.... Sometimes a little hard to put down....
This game is awesome some people say its violent but not really and it downloaded perfectly first I had it on my ipod and now on kindle fire so haters boo! great game
watch our zombies because your going down its the best game ever so get it say goodnight zombies cause your going down
An easy game to play.However, it is difficult to know where to aim.  Where you place your finger is not necessarily where the gun will shoot.  That makes it a tad bit harder, but I was able to get to stage 3 level 21 so far and I am 55 yrs old and not a gamer.Go ahead and download this game and have some fun.
best game out there. fun and easy to play.  plus.....zombies.  very addictive.  just when I thought it couldn't get any better........I got some new weapons.
It's fun the concept is pretty much angry birds but you get a gun. It keeps me from having to actually do real work when I'm at work so overall it's a pretty successful game!!
This game is great! Who doesn't enjoy a good zombie slaying to waste a bit of time? No issues with annoying adds, or force closes. All in all no complaints. I recommend downloading.
tons of levels and a great time killer. It is the only game I really enjoy on my droid RAZR.
This is a silly funny cartoon game which I think deserves WAY more respect! Please bu this game! I have had it for 3 months and experienced NO crashes! its not my fault u crashers have bad Internet!
I think It's a great game.  I like it a lot . It's a lot of fun playing it . Keep up the good work.
its just a fun little freebie I highly recommend this if you just get bored and want to do something
Guns, Gore and Zombies - what could be more fun?Fun and challenging game with a quirky theme.If there was a paid version of this app, I would pay to play this - it's that good.
Love this game... it is so addictive and fun. Keep playing this game more than any other one I have on my Kindle Fire.
Fun game, kinda like angry birds but with a gun and old azz Atari combat had a child. Its cool when you are bored or taking a dump.
Enough levels and chapters to make the game last. Also makes you use your thinking skills. Easy play on the go game.
I find myself saying that often.Fun character's fun noses , and I laugh my butt off every time a zombie gets its head blowin off.I've gotten 4 friends addicted to this one just by watching me play.I've hear people say it's like anger birds. I say it more like pool. You have bank your shots.
All dis is is a really hard game dude soooooooooooooo hawdcowe man so so so so so so so so so hard
love this game. Lots of shooting. Gets harder each level. If you like a shooting game this  is it. I say go for it
The basic idea is that for each stage, you have X number of bullets to get rid of X number of zombies.Ricocheting your shots off objects comes into play, the planning of which makes this game challenging and fun.Graphics look nice on Kindle Fire.
Love this game!  Not usually into games but this one is fun and easy.  Great stress reliever and the sound effects are cool.
thus game is awesome but; reminder: u can buy boosters very easily si be careful! so I hope this helps!
my girlfriend I love playing this game. works great on kindle!  when I cant beat a level I give it to her to give it a try. we eventually get it. great game, simple and fun.
do not listen to the bad reviews this game is awesome so they should not put bad reviews on here because it is a lie
my fav game ever!!!its extremely addictive and everyone can play! not a waste of space all :) I play it every day
up there is my opioion I don't think kids under 7 should be able to play stupid zombiesksmsnsndjneuxndjdn udhdhdjdnudjdjd hdjsushgd e shdjdn dudnd x hd
I downloaded because it was free. Soon learned it is a lot of fun to watch zombie heads explode! But you have to work the angles. It quickly becomes addictive and is a lot of fun. No glitches. Unobtrusive tiny banner ads. Highly recommend it.
My hubby has this game on his Droid and I enjoyed playing it on there, but now that I got a Kindle its even better on here.
amazing game incredibly addicting hope to see more from game resort couldn't stop playing then after trying part 2 it got 10time better deffintly recommended
Definitely Love It!!!!! Simple but yet Fun!!! Simplicity is the Key!!!! Makes you think where you're going to place the bullet to get all the Zombies in One Shot!!!
If you ignore the title be aware that you will wind up with a cramp in your neck, wrists, and fingers and your vision will be blurry. I tell you this as I type with a sore neck, wrists and fingers, barely able to see the screen. I love this game. The price (NOTHING!) is excellent and it just provided me with a solid (painful) hour of mindless fun.I've tried TEMPLE RUN (bah!) and deleted it off my Fire. WORDS WITH FRIENDS is slow, especially when you're kicking their arse and one game is taking three days. STUPID ZOMBIES is perfect for when you just want to play, not have to wait on anyone, and go at your own speed. I probably took longer than some players because I kept trying to clear a screen with one shot.This one, truly, is worth paying for. The fact I got it free is great!
Simple, loads of fun, great for wasting some time and getting your fill of zombie killing. I'd recommend this app to anyone.
This game is so much fun. Waiting for a plane or waiting for a train you will always be entertained with this game.
it is a awesome ever one will love this game even u so play it and try it out its where u kill zombies and when it is dead u go to level 2
it is really awesome an very addictive I couldn't stop playing it.! it might not be a game for everyone.... lol :D by tha way imma a girl an like it.!
Now I want to play it all the time, but I find that I can't before bed because it gets me all riled up when I win! Lots of fun!
I love this game!  I play a lot and by no means am I a gamer!  I have this on my Kindle Fire anad on my Droid 3. I've not had any problems and updates are easy and quick.
It's so fun and funny because if you hit the zombie in the head with your gun it just goes flying off and sometimes it will roll or land on your foot
hello people of Britneyvillllllingtonville  i am here today to aperantly say some words of wisdome about this game,  now to tell the truth i have never played the game but  who ever reads this, which i dout thelle post it, to download Monstar Park, because it is a fun game. also if u think it is stupid try to understand it more and u will find, that it is a fun time consumer and a great amount of !F!U!N!!!!!!!  so get of that couch ur on!!! and forget this stupid zombie game and buy monster park!!!!
Great game to pass time. Similar to angry birds with a zombie twist. Target practice to help prepare for the apocalypse.
A great and fun game. Love taking care of the zombies. The game players and handles with ease. Bring on more levels.
addictive angry birds variant with amusing effects and sounds. I would purchase an expansion pack/paid version if I find one.
addicting and fun, confusing at times. great graphics on kindle fire. probably the most used app on my kindle.  kiyiuiyoxuoxoudoux
I love this game so much.  do you because I do. love with an Love with a big L. l play this game all the time. love it so much
Help  I can't stop killing the stupid Zombies!  I love the way their little heads roll and arms swing.  How cute!
In the beginning I figured making my way through the levels would be easy, but as I progressed the game became more and more of a challenge. If you are good at calculating the angles the bullets will bounce off, then you should have little difficulty (except with the magnets...I seriously dislike the magnets). If you get stuck on a level you can watch an advert video and collect an Airstrike that does just what it sounds like...comes in and blasts them all away (wish it would destroy the magnets)! My Grandson giggles whenever he makes a great shot and their heads come off and spews a fountain of blood from their necks! They fly around like little rag dolls, and when they land, their little heads roll away and their arms swing. Sounds gruesome, but what 6 y/o boy doesn't love a little fake blood and gore! Great fun!
Have had this app on my HTC Incredible 2 for over a month, and have had no problems with it... so far.  If you like Angry Birds, I would suggest getting Stupid Zombies.  ;)
This is very addicting and it makes you laugh. The only negative is if you update sometimes you have to re-install for it to work correctly.
this game is so  much fun i love it it is one of my favorite games i can't stop playing it
a friend recommended this to my husband and he cant quit playing it. It was the first thing I heard when I got home from work, hey download this game. I played it on -----'s phone and loved it.
this game is super sweet! good time waster! sometimes very challenging, but feels good to go from stage to stage!
its an easy game to play and it's also fun and funny and the little ones can play it because its for all ages
For those times when you need to give your brain a break, and yet its totally engaging and fun.  Definitely addictive.
I enjoy the aiming and shooting and not having to worry about buying anything for the next level. I like how you can see where you are aiming before you shoot.
I enjoy Stupid Zombies better than the other aim and shoot apps.  I have it on my phone and kindle.  It's a great, mindless, app for the 'over 50' crowd.
love it!  I cant stop playing it is so simple but fun extra addictive and simple I mean dug who doesn't like killing zombies
I got it on my kindle and it works like a Charm.so every one who doesnt or cant install it you guys might need to  rid of some other apps that are useless and people who don't want it they are stupidjust like the zombies
Very entertaining for all ages. My grandson who is 5 years old to his grandfather who is 73 years old.
This is a very fun game. You have as many shots at a screen as you like to perfect your skills.
love this app. different levels with great obstacles. this app is great even if you aren't a zombie fan like me.
my opinion is that this is the best game cuz u get to shoot things and u get a target
physics  shooter game, great in every way.  if you need to blow off some time, this is it. awesome game.
I could easily say that the type of addiction for this game is the same I had for angry birds when it first came out. its pretty funny too how the heads fly off
its really fun at first then gets boring then it gets fun again then it gets boring its kinda on and off but over all a great game dlbut not for the little ones
love this game. dang good bit of fun to be had playing this. Play with the kids and it has helped them figure out out to &#34;bounce&#34; shots off objects to get the job done. early geometry without letting them know. :)
My nephew wanted me to download this for him on my Kindle.  He absolutely loves this game!  It's worth having on my fire just to see how happy it makes him.
fbccccvbgvhvvvvvgcvvvcvcvcfcvc ffgc Cv c. ffvv cvv cvv xcvi cvvb cvbg cvv cvv cvb cvv vvb xdf dcv cvv cvvv cvvv ccvv Cv v f cvcf Cybele Cv. Cfc.  gvcc f f bvvc Cv. Cv tc v
I have heard that some comments. are a scam! that is true. not on all games but lots the people who work for kindle company make fake comments.  SO DONT BE FOOLED!  This game is extends in awsomeness and is greatly fun but rememberthis comment.
the title is true what kind of zombie stands still to be shot!!!!!! sorry. off track well its a awesome game addictive your crazy if you don't play I stayed up just to play its like angry birds except. more bloody only if you  head shoot them
I found this game really fun blasting away all those stupid zombies,  this is a really good game and i recommend this to everyone
This is a really fun app. its the best free app!!!! its very fun to shoot zombies and very addicting. a must have free app!!!!!!!!!!!!!
This is a really fun and addicting game. Plus what a great way to prepare for the upcoming zombie appocolypse.
works just fine on the kindle fire.  addictive fun challenging. way better than angry birds. they need to make another one.
I bought this game for my 10 year old son to play or at least that's what I intended to happen but I started playing it and now I'm addicted!! such a fun way to kill time!!
its one of those games you will get hooked playing. once you complete a stage it will unlock others. I have played this game for two weeks and have open three chapters, tons of stages.
Some of he levels are challenging, some are easy.  Learning how to rochichette bullets will really help advance through the game.  Some levels seem impossible - but I find that it just takes several tries or going to another stage and coming back with learner info from there helps.  I have not completed all stages and levels. But, I have opened all stages and chapters.  Many times I just breeze through the level not worrying about getting all three stars then go back and master them later.Hours of shooting fun that is somewhat addicting.  Really great considering it is a single player (no other player interaction) .Recommend and I am going to get the second installment.Christine
I'm not sure why it got a many bad reviews as it has. Apparently the zombies in this game have more brains than they do. This game is a ton of fun. I'm as addicted to this as I was when angry birds came out. Nice job devs.
This is my favorite game.  The levels are challengingand can be hard but that is what makes it fun!
Love , love, love this game! All about angles!! Have a great time killing zombies. Grandkids love it as well!! Find myself laughing at different screens, really cute for zombies! There is a little blood and gore but very minimal compared to other games.
it's fun and challenging, I like the way the zombies flop around.  I am up to level 32 so it's getting harder.
this was a fun game. could not stop playing it.the only problem I had was I finished it. I wish there was more levels than 600.great free game.
I love zombies. And I looked for zombies apps.  And this game is the best game ever! The only thing I do not like is that you reach the end and there is no more! I also downloaded Stupid Zombies 2 and was not as thrilled with it as this one.  If you love zombies, get it. you'll love it too - guaranteed!
IF YOU ARE LOOKING FOR SOMETHING VIOLENCE THIS IS THE GAME FOR THAT BUT IT DOSE GET HARDER.I LOVE IT!!
My coworker and I love playing Stupid Zombies.  This game is very addicting.  We play for hours.  It is a relatively simple game to play and with the correct angle of the bullet you can decapitate the zombies.  My phone will however freeze up sometimes while playing the game.
so much fun I really like this game, at first my grandson beat me in this game now I am way past him.
this is a very good time waster it is also very fun which helps i recommend this game and its free score
I love this game.  It is similar in style to Angry Birds in that you have to knock out zombies placed among various positions and obstacles.  The difference is that the weapon is a set of ricocheting bullets.  Other than the pathetic "ting" sound of bullets bouncing, this is fun!
I am a teenage girl yet km still in love with this game its sooooooooo fun I'm addicted. I got it for my brother yesterday and I'm on stage 3 level 28 he has asked me to play it a bunch but I'm to addicted to let him :P :)
Me and my dad LOVES the game. This app was suppose to be for me only but when my dad played it he loves it! Cool funny game!! I recommend it!
I have played it on my moms phone, but it won't install on my kindle fire.  I think it might be better if it installed on my kindle fire.
I love this game. It has that same feel to angry birds to get all the pigs.Well you have to get all the zombies.I would recommend it to everyone.
This game is lots of fun and has good graphics.  My grandson loves to play it and that says a lot.
sooooo its like killing zombies and bats; zombie bats its pretty cool. I got it on da kindle fire. soo my advice GET DIS GAME!!!!!!!!!;) 8D thc liv dis game
I love this game even though its just a ball falling down and stuff it gives you something to do.
a shooters mark appears if you hold your finger there. it can be moved also. I use it to make sure I get past rocks etc. very entertaining game. I think is addictive just like angry birds. and major plus is its free.
this is a fun game if u like angry birds or if u like shooting zombies thank ulol lol
We REALLY LIKE this game.  Some of the levels are super hard and you need the bombs but they are very cheap to buy in app.  Recommended!
THIS IS MY FAVORITE GAME ON MY KINDLE FIRE. SO MUCH FUN BEST GAME!!!!!! THIS GAME IS FOR PEOPLE WHO LIKE SIMPLE GAMES
Any app this large that doesn't allow App2SD is an automatic fail.So, I subtracted 3 stars, and made this verbose review to fulfill the word requirement.
This game has me hooked!! We're still stuck on a level we can't beat :/ I love this game and enjoy playing it with my 13 yr old.
a lot of fun and there are a lot of levels. at first it ran glitchy but once I told the other ap no it runs great.
A light game that dosn't require a lot of commitment.  Play for a few hours or just a few minutes.  Many puzzles require a lot of thought, but they are mixed in with easy ones.
I got this for my Kindle Fire and have had no issues with it.  It's very fun and very addictive.  I have both 1 and 2 versions and they are equally fun.  You don't need an active wi-fi signal to play this after it is downloaded and installed.  I don't have wi-fi near me so I hate when I grab a game then find out it can only be played while connected.
this app is in the ranks with doodlejump and angry birds. BETTER GRAPHICS would be nice but not a dealbreaker. controls are dead on. nice concept with a solid execution. levels are always changing up to keep things fresh.(dont give bad ratings to apps that arent compatiable with your device or because you have an issue with amazon)
I love this game I could not put it down. Wish there were even more levels. Played great on my thunderbolt.
Not hard at all. Not a bad game. I love it. VERY VERY VERY VERY FUN. Parents give this app 2 your kids.
Well maybe not but this has to be one of the neatest apps for Kindle ever.  Angle your shots, blow up the canisters when you have to......what a hoot this is.  You'll wonder where the hours went.  It installs and plays effortlessly and the physics of the game itself are very very good.Outstanding in every way.
this is one of the funnests app on my kindle fire it is the best aspecialy on the kindle firethis is one of the best apps on my kindle fire it is the best aspecially on the kindle fire
great game but hard at moments it is a must have for people who like thinking games get it now
I honestly cant help but laugh at the negative reviews complaining about the level of cartoony, unrealistic gore in this game, because its a game solely dedicated shooting  zombies' heads off. If you aren't into seeing cartoon zombies' heads popping off, don't download. But don't give a negative review because you decided to download it dispite the description and picture of a zombie in the crosshairs of cartoon death. I am a mindless Gore hating female, yet I love this game. Why, you ask? Because its all about strategy, zombies and extremely unrealistic cartoon blood, and these are a few favorite things.
I downloaded both Stupid Zombies & Stupid Zombies 2 to my Kindle & have played non-stop ever since!  Each level presents more challenges & opens even more scenes to shoot those zombies.  Definitely recommend this game!
Fun zombie game that you can play when you only have a few minutes to kill.  Addictive and has lots of levels.
I can't stop playing this game, I fall to sleep playing it every night, this relaxes me. It's my wind down time.
I dont play a lot of games but this one has me hooked. great graphics and I like that one level builds on something learned in the last level. Some of the levels seem impossible so it is always a little thrill to get  that one completed. The first few levels are very basic and seem too easy but what u learn there will get u thru some crazy levels.  Definitely a great time waster game!  HTC evo shift.
I am no kid, but I couldn't resist this game when I read the reviews. It is a blast! And VERY addictive. Graphics are funny, it's not as hard as Angry Birds so don't let that stop you. Get it, but I hope you have nothing to do for an hour or so afterwards!
this is a very good game. lots of levels and is very entertaining. works great on the fire and would recommend this game for anyone who wants to kill some time.
I got this game for the kindle fire. it was one of my first games bought and I must say, I have found myself in school playing this and forgetting thati have to leave class. a great free buy.
Start zombies is a -lot more awesome than those other games I l.o.l because I love this zombie game y'all should get it when ever u
This is a good game it Is adictive I cant stop playing! loved it Cool game I really triply enjoy it
I loveeeeeeeee this app!!!! its such a fun game. I'm addicted. pretty fast! it kinda reminded me of angry birds.
This so closely resembles Angry Birds that I almost gave it a lower rating on principle...but in all honesty I really enjoyed the game and couldn't seem to stop playing even though I was mentally complaining it was a rip off. It really is addictive...much like those pesky BIRDS!
this game is a lot of fun and gets a laugh from time to time. funny as Hell when you blow zombies to pieces!
Can't get enough of this silly and addictive game.  I play till I get stuck (which can be hours) then come back & figure it out.  With 480 levels the frustration level is very low.  In higher levels the ammo is mixed so you have to strategize.  Even my 6 year old granddaughter loves this game.  Better than Angry Birds.  Comical too, with the flying body parts and dangling bodies and zombie moans.
It works perfect on the Kindle Fire, its a huge time waster and really fun to play. If I ever get stuck on a level, Ill just repeatedly tap the screen to see what happens! :) Its free and fun, download it.
The game wouldn't work at first..none of the locks were hi-lighted so wasn't able to access the game but kept trying and when it finally worked boy do I love this game. The zombie graphics on my are great. if you like angry birds you will love this.
I Downloaded this game along with 20+ games and this is the only one I play the most!!! I love playing it while traveling...it keeps me busy...I recommend it!
Droid X, works flawlessly. Used to be slow to load, but feels a little faster after recent update, as promised by developer.I was completely addicted to this game for a couple of months ))) Finally finished all levels, now I go back trying to improve scores.Some levels are very easy, others are super-tough.I love the sound effects, with all that zombie growling, and bullets squishing through rotten flesh!!! My only wish is to also have women- and children-zombies to shoot )))Reading the reviews, I see some people are having problems installing the game. I had no problems with initial installation, and no problems with updates. I hope developer addresses these install problems, so that more people have a chance to enjoy this thing.Frankly, I am surprised that such a great game is free! Very pleasantly surprised! HIGHLY RECOMMEND!p.s. Other than install problems, I have a hard time understanding why there are so many negative reviews. I love this game so much! Maybe it isn't as good on smaller screens? After all, I have a 4.3 in screen.
I spend hours on this game!! its the best way to pass the time by!!!:) if it were possible I'd. give it 10 STARS!!!!!
Great game. Like angry birds but easier and with ZOMBIES!!! I have been playing it non stop. Best part is that it is free!!!
This was an impulse buy for me.  I have a hard time putting it down.  It's kind of bloody in a fun and animated way!
Warning! if you do not want to spend every spare second you have playing this game, do not purchase. You have been warned.
Download this app....i have 100 games this is the best game ive ever plays it gets hard but so great
This is by far the best gaming app I have on my Kindle Fire. I haven't had any problems at all. So much fun! Great job by the developers.
So far this is easily the best free game I've played. It's a great game for when you only have a couple of minutes to spare.
I happened on this one this morning by accident while downloading the "app of the day" ( never got around to playing that app, by the way ).  Hubby and I are avid "Angry Birds Rio" fans, and it looked like this might possibly have some potential - and it certainly DOES!  If you are also a fan of AB, then you will definitely love this little program.  On both our "dueling" pair of G-Tabs; the dowload was effortless, the graphics are excellent, and the gameplay is flawless.  We have quite literally been playing this game ALL day, and have had loads of fun with the enormous amount of levels and increasing difficulty in completing them ( not done yet ).  After a session of watching the exhuberant grandsons, grandpa and I enormously enjoyed ourselves relaxing with this game today - laughing together and comparing notes about how we each were managing to individually obtain those elusive 3 stars.  Seriously; don't pass up on this one - it is most excellent brain-candy/escapism enjoyment for all ages!
I normally don't leave reviews, but this game is great. too few states due to jaded users with bad phones. works wonderfully! very addicting
I got this app for my kindle fire its sooooooooooooo fun. it may seem easy at first but when you unlock more chapters it get REALY hard
the best zombie shoring game ever espeacily if you love watching zombies bleed to death and shooting heads which shoot more blood.
and free! I love zombies. this.game is so fun and the levels get hard but not impossible (: addicting game!
Works GREAT on the kindle fire.  Fully addictive.  So many levels, and so many solutions.  Really makes you think about it.  I have wasted way too much time on it already.
Works perfectly on my Kindle Fire and I can play it for hours without even realizing it. The fact that the zombie killer reminds me of Bruce Campbell as Ash from the Evil Dead movies makes the game even cooler. The levels have so many variations it's hard to get bored. Plus a recent update added even more levels. Amazing that, as of this review, it's a free game. I hope this app developer puts out more games in the future.
This is one very addictive game! I spend hours at a time playing it! You go through many challenging levels. Some seem impossible but do not give up!
this game is so much fun. it works great on my bionic. worked fine on my thunderbolt and is on my tablet and og Droid. its a great thinking game, and you get to kill zombies. :-)
"Stupid Zombies!" is exactly what you will be stupidly muttering to your stupid self when you stupidly realize you've just stupidly burned 30 stupid minutes of your stupid life on this stupidly addicting game.Oh....and "GRAAAHHH!!!!"
Best game I love it 3 reasons why 1 it IS free 2 super fun ,3 Iove it bye it
this app is awesome! I play all the time and it is a great game for in between meetings and appointments. I would get it if I were you:)
It's awesome and addicting like angry birds! I play it all the time!You should get it I got my bro hooked on it too
We actually started off playing with the sequel to this and quickly realized that we should give this first version a blast as soon as we realized how much fun it is.  Very addictive, pointless entertainment.  Give it a try and then get the 2nd edition, they're both full of fun and frustration.
I love how people who don't even play the game give it 1 star. Won't load cause your phone sucks not the game.Great game with hundreds of levels and new strategies required as you progress. Definitely won't beat game in a day, thus proves to be a keeper to come back to. Load times are sluggish but once it does start up past the first screens it speeds up. I like how you can press and hold aimer wherever you like and then let go to fire, just aim where you want your first ricochet to hit or what obstacle you need to slip by.
its awesome I loved it it was fun too I want to beat it and played it so much at night and day
Stupid zombies is a really fun game if u like zombies this is the game for youEvery must like this game cause it's awesomeStupid zombies is a really fun game
this is my absolute favorite app EVER!!  it is so addictive  and very challenging at times.  I highly recommend this!
I LOVE this app! My kids downloaded it, and I am addicted.  I am NOT  video game person - old enough that I had an Atari back in the day, played Pacman in high school...  The graphics are funny and only slightly gross.  There are so many levels and unexpected changes that it doesn't seem to get old yet.  I was laughing so hard I was in tears last night when I would accidentally blow up the dead zombies and see their body parts flying all over the screen.  Awesome!!!
This game is the awesomest shooting game for the kindle fire. Awesome graphics and you have to have good math skills for the angles.
This is one of THOSE apps.  The kind you know are gonna waste your time.  The kind you know you won't be able to put down.  The kind you load anyway and have a blast with.
if you ask me this is a great game i play it on my kindle fire all the time!!!! if your looking for a fun cool game this is a five star game!!!!
I love this game.  Really wish I could buy more powerful bullets.  My game was free but my daughter bought her game and is able to purchase powerful bullets that blow up everything.  I would gladly. buy game but cant find place to purchase.  Only free version.
Have used this app for over two months. Love it! Is as addictive as Angry Birds, just with zombies. Non-issue with phone performance. Droid X.
this stupid zombie game is like a hit it is so awesome i mean by like it has control on me by how excruciating it is this game addiction is so strong only i can break it by finishing the game.
love it!!!! this is one of my favorite games! I can play this game all day and all night long!
I love this game so much I cant stop playing it. And my mom says it to much like angry birds so itold her I delited it but I didn't.LOOK OUT BOYS HERES A GIRL THAT LIKES STUPID ZOMBIES!!!!!
I downloaded this free app for MY new Kindle Fire.  No loading or game playing issues to date.  Unfortunately, DH & DD have become addicted to this game and feel the need to play it on a daily basis.  I haven't played it myself, but DH loves the challenge of trying to logically think how to kill the zombies and where to shoot.  He's gone through a lot of levels and I don't see him giving up any time soon.
i can not believe so many people have rated this app so low.  i wish the dev would have a version with no ads  this app works great on lg g2x.
this is a great game does have blood I love this game it is awesome and very very fun if you like zombies  you will love this game.
If you loved Angry Birds, I can nearly promise you'll also get a kick out of Stupid Zombies.  One the the first apps I downloaded for my Kindle Fire.  My seven year old Grandson and I both love to play this game.  And at FREE for the price.  How can you go wrong.
My dad is more addicted to it than I am.  He has beaten nearly every level on this game. It is great you should definitely download it.
This game was one of my first downloaded, and I haven't regretted it.If you have a LG Optimus, this game might not work on your phone. Great game for those that like to kill zombies.Hint: aim for the head!
one of my most favorit games ever!!! My friends and I cant stop playing with me!  They litterly take it from me to play!!! I RECOMEND IT! !!
Of all the games downloaded Stupid Zombies is my favorite (Subway Surfer is a close second). Lots of levels for a free game.  Can be both challenging and easy at times. Uncomplicated just leave the game anytime and pick it up later. The only issue may be my lack of doing something productive and intellectual instead of killing stupid zombies, oh well.  Very fun!
cooooool dfcfxdcyfttftdtddxrxxxtxdrrTychogghnhnhj g g g g. c g g v v c f f f f
If you like simple games and killing zombies then this game is for you! Shoot zombies in the head or shoot them off high places... it's great!
love it you should buy it. good game for kids when they are bored or when there in the car
I'm 48...received a kindle for Christmas and chose this as my first app.  I don't play games very often, but I love this! I just finished the entire game and am sad...I want more chapters &amp;levels but I'm done! I'm crossing my fingers there will be a followup.
this game is awesome...... I'm a girl &amp; my guy friends thought it was stupid then the started to play and loved it!
I love love love love love LOVE this game I play it all the time with my 4 year old God brother,  WE BOTH LOVE IT:)
this game is awesome and fun for all ages.Could use more graphics and ammo.But over all I'd say this. game is awesome.
I know I'm a girl but who cares. This game is amazing and I am addicted to it. The Walking Dead is another good game. I had to download both games. They are all great games
I much prefer this game to Angry Birds.  The puzzles an challenges are clever.  The graphics and sound make me LOLOLOLOLOL!
I can't stop playing! Reminiscent of Angry Birds. Lots of levels. And sometimes the zombies make me laugh out loud!
Another zombie game&hellip; just what we needed. But this one is actually pretty cool. I was surprised by the addictive game play and comical graphic violence. Definitely worth trying and it's free so what do you have to loose.
I don't play often but when I do I get pulled into it for  quite a while. Very enjoyable. And free!
it downloaded great I would suggest people under 8 should not play this game it is to violent but other than that best game ever
this is and awesome game!! when u finish one level u really want ti go on to the next. i reccomend this game
it is really fun! you just kill the zombies by shooting them!! and if I need my sister out of the way, she can just play on this all day!
I play this every chance that I get. I just cant put it down! works great with the kindle fire! Do yourself a favor and get it!
I love this game because it test your skill at using angles to hit your target. It's fun to play and I enjoy it. I would recommend this game to others.
I love this game soo much! I used to play it all the time. and now its time to play it again! whooooo.  haha
I love this app.  So addictive.  I don't play alot of games on my phone,  and I've never understood the hype of angry birds.  But this works perfect on my Samsung Epic 4G.
this game is too much fun and I highly recommend it. It is crazy funny when the zombie heads fall off and roll everywhere. some of the puzzles are very difficult but once you figure them out it is worth the aggregation. i
For those who complain that they can't get it installed on their Optimus, Intercept, etc. It CANNOT be installed on Arm 6 devices. Here's a neat trick, try to search for this app on the Android Market. Apps that are not compatible with your phone won't show up in the market (online or through the app). Easy as that. And those who tried those phones and then it installed on their tablets, well guess what? Your tablet CAN run the game because it has a better processor than your phone.
I originally thought I would make my way through the levels with ease.,but as I progressed .the game clearly became more challenging.I loved the area's the zombies were placed.if you play any billiards games.than you Will have an upper hand in this game!!
this game is so fun I play it all day some levles are hard but it is fun trying to beat them I defenetley recommend this game. love it
I found this game to be fun, addicting, and entertaining! you're sure to love it, its like angry birds but watt more fun, I recommend it:)
Icona Pop wrote there song about this game. I LOVE IT. It is honestly one of the best games ever created this game gets more than 5 stars from me. Try 1000000000000000000000000000... You get it. This game is amazing and free. Not to give any ideas but I would pay like a billion dollars to play this. Or the number of stars I gave it. ( listed above. its the number with all the zeros. yes folks that's a lot of money.) Please buy this game. It would probably make someone in the world quite happy if you did. (it might be you or it might be the person who wrote this.) This is an amazing game.  GameResort gets a happy customer and a thumbs up from anyone who buys this.
I love shooting stupid zombies! This is a fun game that is a mix between a shooting game and a puzzle game. It's a guilty pleasure.
this is a great fun game to play and i am a serious gamer i reccomend it to everyone, POWER TO THE PLAYERS!!!!
This game is addicting silly fun. Contains cartoon gore. Sadly has amused me for hours. Don't get this game unless you want to be hooked.Simple shoot zombies with bouncing bullets game with assorted obstacles. Think of Angry birds but much sillier and more fun.
awesome game I love it it really makes u think buy it great part is its free buy it buy it now&iexcl;!!!!!!!
I have a kindle fire and it worked just fine. I love this game! me and my brother are addicted to this game.
My granddaughter bought this game for her new kindle fire and recommended it to me.  This game is great entertainment for the family.
With Angry Birds, you cant even see what you are aiming at; the sling shot is on a different screen. Stupid Zombies is so much better. I love it on my Kindle Fire.
What a great game. Basic geometry skills used while wasting zombies with a rifle. Great way to kill some time. Very clever.
gfgggggg gggg g gg gf fghjtdgu gjdgifh hhhhr hrv htxhy hffut thud yghgv gvgdhu ytdntd frf fugue fucuf thctu yght fntfyi
this game is awesome I think it's for all ages and it's. also easy to learn. just shoot the zombies love it !! :-()
If you enjoy the pink mist and piles of twice dead zombies, this game is for you. I play SZ on my Kindle Fire and I'm thoroughly impressed. The graphics, the pink mist, the delightful ricochet of ammunition- it's all aces with me. Nothing's quite as satisfying as a pile dead-again zombies.
I love this, It is entertaining and great fun! I am &agrave;ble to play it when on break, waiting at the dentist, Dr's office... love it!!!!
the best game and it gets my anger out I could play this game all day long!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! cant beet some levels tho
I'm 34 and I LOVE this game! I love that with each level there's a different shooting strategy that you have to come up with. Trying to shoot the most zombies with the least amount of bullets is a fun challenge!
I get lost in this game. Each level chalenges me more. Those creepy zombies don't stand a chance! Cracks me up.
One of my favorite games for mobile! It's almost like a game of pool, the way you have to bounce shots... but with zombies!
People who put bad reviews about this game are wrong they think that they cant install this game probally doesn't have any room in there system they should check. how much room they have before getting the game SO STOP MAKING BAD REVIEWS ABOUT THIS GAME PEOPLE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!.
very addictive. took to work. everyone keeps. playing. when they have a free minute figuring. out the angle on a level to get a perfect score.
I love this game it gets tricky at times but still one of my favorite games .I like how when you shoot zombies in the head theyre heads fall off and theirs so many shots and levels its stupid.
Oodles of mindless, witless, just plain no thought (well, some) required fun. Don't switch on that favorite TV show 'cuase this will cause you to miss most of it.
this game is great. gets harder and harder. needs more bullets for all the killing that needs doing. way runner than real zombies.
I over this app its a lil challenging but is fun you should download this app its the best app ever
WARNING : very addicting game! its fun and my brothers are always trying to take my kindle to play it. awesome (:
have had a blast with this game.  The birds have gotten old to me. This is similar style game with guns!  Always wanted to just shoot things with physics enabled.  My kids love it too.
Killing zombie is fun when ur bored and out shopping at Target and etc. This is the only zombie game I downloaded n loved.
Time flies when you are trying to figure out the angles and deflections on this shooter game. Lots of fun.
Whats better than shooting zombies and watching zombies fall on other zombies? I feel like Im playing zombie pool when I consider the angles. Zombie in the corner pocket!
My boyfriend ordered this and loaded it on my kindle. He now uses my kindle more than I do. He appears to enjoy this game which means he may need his own kindle
I like this game it makes you think, it's not as easy as it looks but it will challenge you.
I had a lot of fun with this one. I Liked that the your character is a little nod to Ash from the evil dead. I look forward to the next game these guys make.
This game is fun and addictive.  Challenging, but not too much so.  The premise of the game is funny too.  The hero reminds me of hero in Evil Dead!  :-)
Really fun and a little difficult. This app has many levels and you can waste time by playing it. Its free too what's better than that?? Nothing!! You also don't die in the game you run out of bullets... Blah blah(: get it!!
this game is great!!  even my 12 month old baughter loves it and all of my boys.  yes it gets a little hard but that is why I love it. I recomened it to everyone! what a great game to play!!!  it challenges all ages!!!!!
I think this game is a great game.and I love ho w there is blow up Things. BOOM !BOOM ! ithink its just a great game&iexcl;&iexcl;!!&iexcl;!!!!!!!!!  &iexcl;!!&iexcl;!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
it really fun I love it, I love zombies so this is a great game 4 me its agreat game. u should get the app I love it
i loooooooove this game! it is very addicting. i play it all of the time and my hubby loves it too!
who knew killing zombies could be so fun. there's a whole bunch of creative ways to win each level. try it out!!!!
Better than Angry Birds IMO... tons of levels make sure this game keeps you coming back for more... Extremely challenging levels keeps you interested... What's better than getting an extra 500 points for headshotting those zombies??
This game is so much fun. I cannot put my kindle fire down when I start to play. Makes going to the laundry mat not so boring.
this game rocks.you should get it. one of the best games for kindle!if if takes to long it was worth it.