I have tried repeatedly to download this to my computer and I cannot do it. I have already paid in full. Pls help.
May_03_2013Songs has a lot of distortion, the record company did not put a lot of effort on sound quality.Poor sound, a lot of distortion, I am disappointed.First Album is better, but is not available on Amazon.Explicit lyrics, I hate That. The new Mc Cejas Album is worse on explicit lyrics.
Bought this for a Mexican themed event we had at work, it was a hit and really added to the ambiance :)
I don't know where these 5 star reviews are coming from - these people must not know anything about Salsa - this is an awful CD, and personally, I'd give it no stars if I could. I've been a loyal Willie Colon fan since the original "El Malo" came out in 1967 - but this is nowhere near what the legendary Master is capable of. This is just God-awful to listen to. It seems like he either phoned it in or has completely lost touch with the public - he's on some other planet thinking this is good "music". It reminds me when he left Fania and came out with those weird "concept" albums - away from Salsa and into different types of music that no one cared for - he blamed the record companies for not promoting his music, but in reality, the music was terrible. I don't know how Willie sank to such low depths musically - the man was a genius in every way: both as a performer and a producer. For those of you who think this is a great CD, I urge you to listen to his other CDs: the original "El Malo", "The Hustler", "Guisando", "El Juicio", "The Big Break - La Gran Fuga", "Cosa Nuestra", "Lo Mato", "Solo", "Fantasmas" as well as those he made with Ismael Miranda, Celia Cruz, Ruben Blades, etc. (he produced all of them) and reconsider your ratings for this new schlock CD. I know Hector Lavoe sang on his earlier albums, but what I want you to listen to is the style of the music - Hector's singing is a bonus. For thos of us who grew up listening to the man and consider him a legend, this CD is such a letdown, especially after a 10 year absence. What an embarrassing disappointment.
We were quite disappointed with this CD. I had high hopes for this since it got good reviews, but when we listened to it, it was not so great. How many songs can there be about eating? Also, the pronunciation of the words were that of a non-spanish speaker.
Cute concept but songs are not memorable to keep on singing. Maybe good for some but did not work for us
If you are a tango dancer or D.J., looking for a collection of the most danced-to tangos in either the U.S. or Argentina, you will be sorely disappointed with this collection. It contains few, if any, of the the essential golden era hits. Instead it is comprised of mostly relatively obscure, non-danced-to,listening-only tango: early Gardel, Piazzola, etc. that you would almost never want to play at a milonga. Calling the collection "50 Essential Tangos" is misleading at best. Avoid it.
I don't know who ever let this noise reduction software in the door.  Unfortunately, it is used all over the place with the unmistakable "guitar flanger" sound.  The designer had a brilliant idea of using adaptive filtering so that certain passages cause the filter to sweep over the frequencies, giving the flanger effect.  It is extremely unmusical.  You can hear this clearly in tracks #3, 4, 7, ... 19.The CDs to get instead are Harlequin's:  "Orquesta Tipica Victor" andOrquesta Tipica Victor 1926-1931
tHIS IS NOT THE REAL SOUNDTRACK FOR TTHE ACTUAL  MOVIE.  THE SONGS AND ARTISTS ARE NOT THE ORIGINAL SINGERS OF THE ACTUAL VINTAGE SONGS.
Cuando baje toda esta grabacion me dije &lt;&lt;Me alegro que estas canciones est&aacute;n en formato MP3, por fin!>> Sin embargo, la calidad del sonido esta horrible. Te recomiendo si piensas comprar esto, mejor compres el cassette de Los Acosta, suena mucho mejor que estos MP3s! Me recuerda a los cassettes pirateados de los a&ntilde;os 90. Estoy decepcionado con esto. He comprado algunas viejas canciones en espa&ntilde;ol antes, por medio de Amazon, y no han sonado tan horrible como esta grabaci&oacute;n. Espero que Amazon pueda solucionar este problema. Si no fuera por la calidad del sonido le dar&iacute;a un 5 (Porque realmente me encanta esta grabaci&oacute;n de Los Acosta. L&aacute;stima que el sonido en este mp3 esta horrible)! No gasten su dinero en esto, hasta que suban estas grabaciones por MP3 en MEJOR CALIDAD! ///I Said to my self, when I downloaded this album "Glad these songs are in Mp3 Format, FINALLY!" However the recording sound quality is horrible. Sounds like those pirated cassettes that you would buy from a flea market in the 90's. I am disappointed with this. I have bought some old songs in Spanish before, and they have not sounded as horrible as this. I hope Amazon can fix this issue. If it were not for the sound quality I would rate it a 5 (I really liked this recordings of Los Acosta, it is a bummer that the sound quality sounds worse than something ripped from youtube)!  DO NOT BUY THIS, until this recordings are re-uploaded and are in better MP3 quality!
This has really poor sound quality. You can hear the static in the background. do not buy. I love his music, but sound quality means alot to me.
I was curious to hear his voice, I had heard people italk about it. I hated it, too scrichi, maybe it had to do with the recording. I hated it so mucho I deleted it altogether.
This is suppose to be a song by Bob Marley but it is not , I don't know what song it is but I was not happy with that download, I guess I did not read the info carefully , it was a tribute to Bob Marley not the actual song.
Mal porducido, mal escrito, pero sobre todo mal cantado. El mismo estilo de pop barato que intenta pasar por pop de calidad, la voz es demasiado aguda y a la tercera canci&oacute;n cansa. Un disco plano, sin concepto, sin sonidos novedosos... Un desperdicio de dinero
She has potential but these songs are just too dull. There is nothing interesting about it. It's pretty much garbage.
Who choose this CD to be part of the Prime collection?It is Not Vallenato, it is terrible.Don't put just anything to satisfy the Latin Prime members. It is better to have less but please do not put junk.
The title is a misnomer.  100 in spanish is the same as 100 in english.  It is like a Karaoke version of all the songs,  Not worth the $9.00.
I don't want it. and don't know if I can cancel it. I didn't know it went through my kindle.
I would give it zero stars if I could. It is a rip off and even though cheap, it's not cheap enough. Free wouldn't be cheap enough. It is bad recordings of jams from the sixties. The music is good, if you could hear it. This is horrible, save your $3.99. Once again this is a 100% rip off, don't do it. Thanks for nothing Amazon.
This song is too much of a drag & snooze for my taste.  I am a Thalia fan and because of it I've tried forcing myself to like it or at very best stand it, but no sucess. I am totally disappointed in this 1st single of her upcoming albumn HABITAME SIEMPRE due to drop on Nov.19th. If this is the 1st single I don't even want to imagine how the rest of the albumn is going to be.Esta cancion es super lenta e aburrida para mi gusto.  Soy fan de Thalia y es por esta razon que e intentando ver la manera de que la cancion me agrade pero no he tenido exito.  Estoy totalmente desepcionado por este el primer sencillo de el nuevo CD HABITAME SIEMPRE que esta progamado para salir a la venta el proximo 19 de Noviembre.  Si este fue el primer sencillo, no quiero ni imaginar como sera el resto de el album.
I heard this wonderful cd on youtube.  So I went to buy it at amazon.  However, when I received it , it was a music only cd, NO WORDS.  Be careful when you buy it, because the words to this cd are the nicest part of the cd. I mean that's what hearing christian music is all about, meditating on the words.
Item description does not say that it is a playback. I wanted to buy the cd with full songsand received the playback cd.
I do not know whose fault it is, Amazon or the supplier, but the product description fails to notify that this CD is music/track only. No singing. The CD booklet has not copyright information or any other detail that you usually see in other music CDs. It looks as if this is an illegal copy.Change the description with more detailed information.Beware before you buy it
Virtually all of these salsa songs consist of very elementary rhythm sounds.  There is not any coherent melody or sophisticated tune.  They almost all sound as if made by some inexpensive electronic instrument.  They are all instrumental..... No vocalists singing at all.
the song did not download to my mp3 player and I can't seems to be able to find it the instructions are not clear for me and there is not live help
Great song, but the sound quality when downloaded from Amazon is worse than terrible, I want my money back.It sounds like the bitrate is 32 kbs at most. It sounds tinny and raspy.
This is a re-release of an old album, and it is just plain horrible.  I like Marc Kudisch, Jeff McCarthy, Rob Evans and Christiane Noll, but their voices cannot save this hopelessly trite music.
Bought thinking that many would be great but was proven wrong. Although it's a subjective opinion, I didn't like most, only few. Some aren't real bachata songs; take 'quedate conmigo' and 'robarte un beso'  ...oh well.