Listen to all the songs before buying  but the price was right. I love number  6 and #7 on this album
I thought these were actual mixes of songs, not just bits and pieces.Oh well, my bad. I guess I need to read the description more closely.
My rating has nothing at all to do with the performer who sounds great to me, only with the goofy short length of the MP3 version of Pra Que Chorar.Hopefully the fault with the MP3 for Pra Que Chorar will be fixed but please beware that the purchased MP3 download is only 5 seconds long.I had assumed that the 5 seconds was only for the sample but that was not the case.I looked for other means to try to return this or contact Amazon about the concerns above and couldn't find a way since the order won't show up for returns although it does show up under my digital orders.
OK, I realize this is intended for ballroom tango and is not meant to be representational of the Argentine style. That aside, the CD is full of obscure songs and the few that are better known are almost unrecognizable on this disk. The tempo is much too fast.The music on this disk is more evocative of Little Nell being tied to a railroad track in a 1920's silent melodrama than it is the famous tango scene from "Scent of a Woman" with Al Pacino and Gabrielle Anwar.The original Tango Project was great for ballroom tango. I think this CD will manage to disappoint both serious dancers and serious tango enthusiasts.
The names of the songs don't correspond to the mp3 music file, I mean, the list is complete but the order is shuffled. Please update!!!!
I like Oro Solido and I like my merengue but not a huge fan of reggaeton.  This cd had too much reggaeton and not enough merengue for my taste.  And not only that, their reggaeton didn't have a style distinctly their own.  It was too close to the stuff already out there, too canned.  I would have rather they stuck to merengue for the entire cd.  Maybe the more I listen to it the more it will grow on me.  BTW I'm latino, bilengual and like all styles of latin music except Tropical.  Just in case you thought I was some white boy who happened to pick up this cd not knowing what I was buying.
I bought this for my 11-month old baby. She is learning both English and Spanish at home. I thought this would make it more fun for her as she loves to dance whenever she hears music. However, this doesn't seem to do the trick. The vocals are off and quite annoying. I was also hoping to see this CD in my "Amazon MP3" list so I could play it anywhere I have my smartphone (as most CDs purchased from Amazon come up there). But this one does not appear; I think because only the English version does. Not worth the money in my opinion.
tejano #3 cd mp 3 downloads;  songs are within each other ending of one with the start of another cannot make some of the songs lyrics nor beat. not a good thing at all.  songs start and then cut to start again.
i was turned on to Gaby by my sister-in-law and what i heard i liked so i purchased several CD's. this one I just can't seem to warm up to. many of the songs sound like they are from some Broadway musical or something, i never got what people like about musicals yech. I had been turned on to a girl thant sang bluesy folk music so I was disappointed. Lejos is decent and sing me life, not sure since on my &#34;Windows&#34; media player it displays the album as being Postales? and the order of the tracks are also different then the list on the paper CD cover so unless I got burnt by purchasing a &#34;Copy&#34; rather than a factory CD through Amazon the music isn't much better than the quality control from the label.  when I load it to my iMac on itunes at home i'll see if it is a &#34;Windows&#34; thing or the actual CD. a couple of songs are ok so download them and save your $$$. buy Postales, it is very good
This game is really cool wonse I got this game I thought it was really cool. It is real cool
Not a brilliant collection but one or two good tracks. however the most disappointing thing was that i could not back up the CD as it proved unreadable.
Another reworking of the concept of marrying the diverse styles of Jazz and Samba. Competent performances, but uninspired arrangements. render this recording a primer, at best.
Item defective. does not sound the way it should. tapping noise on most tracks which is to bad because I love the songs.
I thought that this was a song I knew but it wasn't.  Wrong song by this artist. I did not like the song.
I wish I'd listened more closely to the samples because had I, I would never have bought this.  If you enjoy newer styles of Bachata (electronic) you will probably like this but I only actually like about 2 songs of the 20.
Didn't really like the style of salsa. It sounded like Cuban salsa and not puertorican but if you like any type  of salsa I guess it'll be worth dancing to.
club hits? sounds like the white noise they play in the clubs, I guess. I bought this to use in my dance fitness classes and won't be using any - too bad.