There are only two pieces worth listening to,  the other songs make you want to stop and change the album.
Wish it were studio and not live. Love the artists and the tunes.  There needs to be a collection like this w/out audience noise.
The good!  Most of the songs in this album are quite original and have a very unique and exciting combination of sounds.  The music by itself is refreshingly new and, dare I say, cool.  The flamenco guitar and metal sound go together nicely to create some very entertaining pieces of music.The bad!  I was sorely disappointed to hear the screaming/thrashing present in a few of the songs.  Simply put, it ruined them for me.  It is like taking a very tasty and good looking pastry and filling it with rotten meat.I suppose if the goal of this project was only to make just another average heavy metal album, then by all means scream.  If the goal was indeed to create a unique masterpiece of musical talent and original blend, then the screaming should have been left in the bathroom for dealing with your average heavy metal constipation.
The music is great, but every song suddenly cuts off at the end in the mp3 version of the album.
The music is definitely not Carlos Vives, but it gives a decent cross-section of vallenato.  The sound quality is good.
Dated songs but still enjoyeable once in a while. Great band that went on to some great albums (Power House, Highlands, Inside, Redemption etc).BTW Amazon, that is the WRONG cover image... totally different band.
Lito Vitale is an argentinian multiinstrumentist, with a classical formation in origin he developed a career out of fusion of jazz with local folk, tango, with various formations allways of great musicians specially the Vitale Baraj Gonzales trio, and the "Lito Vitale Cuarteto" . I'd probably pickEse Amigo Del Almainstead of this sampler, if only because of its internal consistency, this compilation of Vitale's work over the last 10 to twelve years in my opinion has some lesser scores. To sample just one theme, pick "Ese amigo del alma". A better categorization would be on the latin  jazz fusion section
I would give the album 5 stars. It is a great piece of music. However the mp3 version was not correctly digitized and some songs have skips when playing. This is evident if you preview Concierto Aranjuez. Also the name on the listing is incorrect it should be "Este camino largo".If it is fixed this review can be withdrawn.
Not ballroom tango, but not really Argentine tango either (at least not the traditional orchestral arrangements). "Tea Dance" music sums it up perfectly. Pleasant enough to listen to, but I prefer the Tango Project's first album with the classic "Por Una Cabeza"
Estoy de acuerdo con "J. Jurado", q paso roockie? este album tiene buen flow como siempre pero los ritmos no representan na' de panama. Sera q queria producir un album mas "bailable" para el mainstream.. ojala q se vuelva a sus raices con el proximo pa mantener su base original de escuchadores, que somo muchos!
I would have wanted to know before I purchased this music that my Amazon MP3 downloader would no longer download MP3s and albums and thAT THE NEW dOWNLOADER COULD NOT BE SAVED ON MY SYSTEM.  I do not know if I ill efer get to hear this album even though I have paid for it..  As a customer who looked forward to getting new Amazon MP3s on a daily basis and which is now lost to me I am very dissapointed.  I suppose the money I save each month will help ease my dissapointment to some extent because I do not like itunes applications and wont keep one on my computer.  Well I have many gigibits of music which I purchased from Amazon  and some of it is even backed up.  If I ever get to listen to this Album I may write a review because I love much of the good Brasilien music.
It may be $ .99 for the download, but i was deceived! I didn't even get the whole song :( I didn't purchase the "Pista". Too bad I can't return a song.
Como fan de la Mancha en los 90's compre el producto, me arrepiento mil veces de haber perdido el primer cassette de La Mancha...falta Elias, entre otras...
This is not Poe of US fame, this is an international artist not performed in English.
I am sorry to say this is not the POE that I had hoped; it's catchy but not my style ...... wish it wasn't incorrectly linked here; and sad to say Amazon hasn't recatogorized it yet; in spite of having been notified before. Oh well; guess it might represent sales; in their world.
The music is excellent. Martin's playing is, as usual, tasteful, strong, expressive and technically flawless. Aparecida's singing is soulful, expressive and impeccable. The problem is that, as in most of Juan Martin's recordings, the sound quality is awful. They have added so much digital reverb to everything that the guitar sounds as if it is being played in s small tiled bathroom. As for Aparecida's vocals, he also sounds as if he's singing inside a small tiled bathroom.... in the house next door!5 stars for the music, one star for the sound.
The songs are beautiful. But when the instrumentation gets to high in pitch the recording cracks a bit which is unfortunate. I would find another recording.
I really enjoy a Latin beat of the variety presented in BYE BYE. After listening I was reminded of two albums by Gary Mcfarland, "Soft Samba & In Sound". I'm listening as I am typing and I am having difficulty typing re my moving with the rythmic sounds. Although I didn't understand a word of the lyrics - who cares-, this number is hot! I listened to the other songs in the album but couldn't get the great "bye bye" vibes from any of the other selections. I don't know the story behind the arrangement of this song but if Deja-Move could assemble an album with some similar arrangements I am sure they would be very marketable.Koss KTXPRO1 Titanium Portable Headphones with Volume ControlIt is the remarketable sounds presented by the unbelievable low cost Titanium Headphones (especially the bass) that makes you feel you are there with the players in the studio.BYE BYE!!
It's NOTHING as good as La Verdadera Maquina... it's not nearly as good. It's mediocre and generic. Not BAD, though. Franco can never be BAD, but it's really not good, either. I wish I had saved the money till its on sale.
This CD is indeed a document of a very good thing...Gregg Rolie, touring and playing his great music to audience of the post-nuclear dawn of creation.BUTIt could have been so much better than what we have here documented on this disc.Flaw number one: Gregg is singing great and has a crack band behind him performing this music to a crowd that is indeed really happy to experience this event. Alphonso Johnson, (often seen with Carlos Santana) is amazing as one of the greats on bass guitar. Michael Carebello, Adrian Areas and Ron Wikso find the punch and awesome power needed to fire the engine room in proper Santana Band style and flow. Wally Minko adds to the sound of the keyboards that when added to what Gregg is playing really fill-out the sound of this music. At last we arrive to Kurt Griffey the guitar player found in this band. Kurt, is a fine player and adds his own style to this band but, he is the weak link found here on: "Rain Dance-Live" as we are already hearing what Carlos and/or Neal Schon would be playing here in his place and that would be at least a few notches above Kurt's abilities as he cannot compete with those two masters.Flaw number two: Gregg has been locked into his days of fame with the Santana band between 1969 through 1972 and about half of the music found here dates from that small window of Gregg's musicial career. There are three Journey albums from 1975-1977: "Journey" "Look Into The Future" and "Next" that contain some dynamite material that would be most welcome additions here and the fans are screaming to hear this segment of Gregg's music it would be a giant plus to have them here as a part of this set. It is indeed good to see some of Gregg's solo material being a part of this but, the songs from pre-Perry Journey need to be revisited to show the world just how great they are. there is much more to Gregg Rolie than another take of: "Black Magic Woman."Again, a revised set list and the addition of Neal Schon (found on the amazing record "Abraxas Pool") would really fire up: "Rain Dance-Live" to the five-stars it could and should be. Better than purchasing this disc would be attending a show from the Gregg Rolie Band and supporting him wherever he is to be playing next. This artist hasn't gotten his due as one of the greats from the magic that was the San Francisco music scene of the 1960's and 70's. This is a good disc but it could have been something much bigger and better.Three Stars
I can see why some people rate this 5 stars and others hate it. It's a very weird disc. The sound is a little muddy and the use of synthesizers instead of strings is a little cheesy BUT it's been too long since we've had something new from Colon and there are those glorious moments where the sexy trombone soars over the rhythms and strings and you know he is just a genius. Sometimes the trombone is part of the call and response of the coro or maybe it's a straight ahead solo but it's a great sound. And Colon is a great vocalist- slight;y nasal but soothing and intense.This isn't a good dance record. The beats stop and start and change. But Colon has been noodling around with salsa mixed with pop for years so it's no surprise he refuses to so a lot of straight ahead salsa here. But if he had included one or two more straight ahead salsa numbers, I think it would be easier to accept the more experimental stuff which is cute or OK but rarely great.I hope this is the start of many new releases.
$14.99 for this cd? it's expensive for the quality of the cover which is paper and breaks easily. The sound is not the best either or maybe I just got a bad copy. Disappointed!
If you aren't annoyed by children's music, this would be better, lol!  It's okay but my kids don't really like it all that much and I can't stand it.  But I'm really sensitive to annoying &#34;kiddy&#34; music too.  I knew going into it, it would be, but I was hoping it wouldn't be, lol!
I bought this CD for my husband's Spanish Immersion classroom as resource material for learning vocabulary and just for the kids to listen to.  We listened to it and loved the songs (which have tons of vocabulary in them and are fun to listen to), but were shocked by the horrible accents of the people singing.  We could tell they were definitely not native Spanish speakers...or if they are, they have picked up a very marked American accent; their hard "t" sounds are especially bad on words like "importante."  We've decided the best thing to do would be for my husband to learn the tunes and words of the songs and then teach them to the kids without using the CD.  We were very disappointed about this since they are great songs...we just can't have the kids picking up such a bad accent.
If you are a tango music aficionado, and if you don't already have the songs, this is a good value for the money. The trouble is that probably any serious tango music fan probably already owns most if not all these tracks from many albums. However, if you are a tango dancer or a tango DJ, you'll find *very* little in this collection that you want to play at a milonga.... I have almost all these tracks in my collection already and the few I do not have are not in my list of tracks to get. Although I enjoy tango music of different vintages, I don't want to add any more non-danceable tangos to my collection. Do not buy these tracks if you are going to play for dancing, you'll only disappoint the dancers.....
No doubt a nice "collection" of Faz, but none of these have been "Digitally Remastered".These were all recorded from the original vinyl LP's.These are all excellent songs by Faz, just not "Digitally Remastered"If it's decent "remastered" music by Faz you're looking for, stick with stuff on the Tumbao and Egrem labels.
We had purchased this item expecting  a  real CD to bring to the kids missionary to Peru. Would be much easier then having trouble with downloading.
La Paquera de Jerez (1934-2004), from a very young age, sang at every possible event to help her family through the Years of Hunger that followed the Civil War.  With her tempestuous style andyouthful beauty, she became very popular.  She won the Premio Ni&ntilde;a de los Peines in 1971, and the Premio Nacional de Cante in 1980; a street in Jerez is named after her.This album, in which she is accompanied by Manolo Sanl&uacute;car, finds her in a typical vein: almost all Gypsy cantes, with an emphasis on Tientos and Buler&iacute;as.No one would accuse La Paquera of excessive subtlety.  This is Flamenco at its most energetic, raucous and direct.Since Amazon doesn't specify the styles of the tunes, I give them below.01) Tientos Maldigo tus ojos verdes02) Tientos Penas, compas y sentimientos03) Fandangos En tus palabras cre&iacute;04) Tango Antonio el del cante jondo05) Tarantas De las minas06) Tientos Tientos del querer07) Buler&iacute;as Romance de Amparo Vargas08) Buler&iacute;as Tres flamencos rondadores09) Tientos Al Nazareno le pido10) Alegr&iacute;as Alegr&iacute;as aragonesasThe total time is only 26'49", which is why three stars instead of four.
beautiful flamenco but it didn't really sound like a metallica song. . . . . . . . . .
The quality of the sound is not the best, but it is OK for my listening on my mp3 player.
it ok not great but worth having. some cuts are great to listen to often. I will keep in my music library' that's all
if you like good old oldies this would be a good choice and the movie was pretty good too, it has an old twist to the story plot.
This is a great song and not even a one good remix. Wally Lopez is a Spanish dj with good remixes, but this one... no no no. Ricky Martin deserves more. Check it out Miguel Bose - Por ti (Above & Beyond remix) is cool, dance and and a big smash hit. Ricky please work with Tracy Young, Peter Rauhofer or Offer Nissim.Esta es una gran cancion pero ningun remix esta bueno. Wally Lopez es un dj espa&ntilde;ol muy bueno pero no lo demuestra en esta cancion. Ricky masrtin merce MAS. Cuando puedan escuchen el remix de Miguel Bose - Por ti (Above & Beyond remix), es genial, bailable y un exitazo como pocos. POrfavor Ricky ya es hora que trabajes con Tracy Young, Peter Rauhofer u Offer Nissim.
Good sound and the arrangements are fun. Not sure I like the Drummer Boy completely. I'd recommend to friend for the cost.
Este album contiene la musica tradicional de Navidad y en el estilo de mariachi, cada vez que toco esta musica mis amigos se divierten
This is the least interesting of the trio. Don't get me wrong. It's still good, being as good as all other Latin Jazz collections I've heard thus far. However, Vol. 1 is markedly better, and Vol. 3 is the champ.
There are some great thumpin' beats and good lyrics to some of the songs here but that applies  to only about half of the tunes on this album. But it was worth the purchase ($5.99) to me.
If you're looking for established Bachata artists like Romeo Santos, Prince Royce, or Hector Acosta, this album may not be for you. But if you want some good Bachata from groups that are still underground, DanDote Bachata 2013 is a decent compilation of songs.Most of the songs are enjoyable, which is a surprise because many bachata compilations of unsigned or up and coming artists aren't that good. My only real complaint is that you can only tell who the different artists and groups are if they shout their own name out, otherwise the MP3s don't mention the specific singers.  Even though the album isn't Aventura-quality, I can listen to a playlist of all the songs on repeat, except for the title track "Dandote" (terrible off-key singing).Aside from the poor title track, and the record label misspelling the album name on the cover, I thought this was a decent collection of Bachata songs. Overall it's a good album considering the artists are mostly unknown.
I love mariachi music and these songs are OK for such a low price.  The quality of the sound is not too clear and smooth, but it's OK for me.
good song, would recommend to people fast download and i will continue to download from here in the future good
The only reason I didn't give a better review is because the disc won't read in my car's cd player....sigh.  The album itself is great! :)
I guess I expected that the songs would have more of a Latin flavor, but they are indeed performed very similarly to the American versions.... That's not bad, just not what I imagined I was getting.
Ralphy santi a good bongosero and bandleader this two trumpet band with very good arreglos and number porque tiene a su mama and the merengue dolorita son caliente with bongo solo of ralphy santi.
Fiesta Latina is a decent compilation when the price is less than $4.00 for an MP3 album download, just don't expect more than a couple of big name artists.  Out of 21 tracks, about half are from late 2012 and 2011, so it's not exactly all 2013 songs.If you favor Dominican music, there are five Merengue tracks and four Bachata songs. The rest of the album is mostly Latin Pop, and a little bit of Spanish Reggae and Romantikeo. The best song on the compilation is easily "Echale Salsa" by Ciclon Cubano, but it's also from 2011, so it's not especially new. The one track that should have probably been left off of the album is the "Gangnam Style" track by Miss Evelyn, it's just outdated now. Most of the artists on this compilation are from the same record label, so you're not really going to get any recognized artists. At only 20 cents a song, it's worth getting as a playlist.  It was about what I expected for an affordable tropical music compilation.
Its ok no big hype to the cd. I purchased it because there was about 3 songs I wanted from this cd. So when I purchased the song that I originally wanted wasnt there at all
Got this because I wanted something different to listen to at the gym during my cardio workouts. This is fun, has lots of variety, and you get 38 songs for a pretty low price. Most of the songs have a beat will get you moving, there are however handful of slow songs. If you're shopping for a good album to have as background music to an outdoor party this is not what you want, get Buena Vista Social Club instead.
AGAIN I LIKE THE UPBEATS ON THIS ALBUM NEW MUSIC FOR THIS SUMMER GREAT FOR PARTIES AND CLUB NIGHTS. THANKS
Being an old school guy these are not particularly original musically.  To me willie colon did it better.  But they are fun, saying something along with tight arrangements and good singing.  A pleasureable listen to dance to.
LIKE THE ALBUM ITS GOOD FOR PARTIES AND CLUB NEEDS BETTER ARTIST THOUGH. BUT GOOD UPBEAT MUSIC. THANK YOU !
Nice music,but it will be better if they was the original artists on it
Purchased as a birthday gift.Music wanders into randomness a bitWas hoping for a bit more swing and fun
The compilation is all over the place. Not structured very well. It gets it done though.
Good Cuban tunes to dance rueda,salsa-ton and more. all the tunes are what we want todance at the clubs until 5 in the morning.
Five stars for the music! After all, it's Paco de Lucia, one of the greatest musical geniuses of recent times.One star for the MP3 format. I've never bought MP3 music online before, and I don't think I'll do it again, because the whole &#34;cloud player&#34; concept is too convoluted and limiting. I was led to believe that I could &#34;download&#34; the music to my computer in MP3 format (already inferior to CD quality but tolerable), and no doubt it came down in some format, but not MP3 or M4A or any format recognizable by name. No doubt this is to facilitate copy protection, and I am very much in favor of preventing piracy and anything else that makes artists' lives more difficult, but if this album had been available on CD, I could have bought it and put it on any of my devices from which I play music, plus it would have CD quality. Of course, most people may like the &#34;cloud player&#34; concept because it works for them, so to those people I recommend this album highly. As for the music: Paco returns to some childhood themes, applies what he has learned from his collaborations over the last 25 years or so, plays in a much more gentle delicate style than is usually associated with him, and gives us one last album that will be of interest to all who revere this great artist.