It's a really nice CD, good songs, but live. It's great to feel the live vibe, but also has same sound quality.
If you like to dance and you like Salsa rhythm then you'll enjoy this album.I would recommend this album.
When I was learning Spanish many years ago, I enjoyed the music of La Sonora Dinamita because of the beat of the songs. Years later, I enjoy the songs for the same reason, and also the lyrics, which I now can understand.
Moacyr Luz is composer, guitarist, and singer of samba, and this album showcases his talents. A traditional samba sound with fine supporting musicians (cavaquinho; surdo, pandeiro, and other percussion; trombone, flute, and clarinet; and vocals), the tunes are diverse, romantic and bright. Luz's co-composers include, depending on track, Wilson Moreira, Nei Lopes, Martinho da Vila, Palbo C&eacute;sar Pinheiro, Wilson Das Neves, and especially, with five songs, Aldir Blanc. Among his many albums, this one concentrates on core popular acoustic and sensual samba. This is feel-good gentle music, very similar to but tamer than the exuberant music of Jorge Arago. The spirit of Brazil is evoked and the listener will soon sway with the rhythm. This strong, sweet album will delight the dancer and fan of Brazilian music.
Great orchestration, sound and selection. &#34;Madrigal&#34; is one of those tracks that you are going to fall in love with. Nice trip down memory lane for me.
I bought this for background music for a Nicaraguan themed evening I was putting together. I like it so much I listen to it regularly.
It was pretty good but there were a few songs that felt like they didn't belong
I like Elsa and this is has a several good songs.  Sound quality is good.  A good buy if you are a fan of Elsa Garcia.
Hola que hubiera unas cubanas para bailar la salsitat conmigo. Buena musica aunque esperaba que unas canciones mas popular estaria en el album.
This is a great collection of Boleros. It reminds me of when I was young and my dad would play these at parties and on the weekend. The only bad thing about these tracks are the lack of artist who did the recordings. I highly recommend this collection. The quality of these songs are very good.
This CD is great if you are learning Ballroom dance. It has a good variety of songs, from waltz, foxtrot, chacha, rumba and more. I bought it because I was talking a ballroom dance class and needed music to practice with, each song tells you the style. For a few styles they give to two songs with different speeds. There is a slower waltz and a fast waltz etc. Have fun!
This is Reggaeton before it became commercial. I remember going to the town of San Sebastian and buying the cassettes to the underground music. Good times, Well the quality of the downloads are great and I will keep on buying more music as they come out.
BENISEBenise LiveRosanegra (2004)Apparently, Benise is generating some buzz in certain musical circles and with five studio albums under their belt so it appeared that a compilation of some sort was in order. Instead of the obligatory "best of" to rehash the past, Benise released a limited edition double live album and what a firecracker she is. Encapsulating their live show, Benise' main architect is Ron Benise on his guitar who prudently surrounds himself with a cast of band members that still make this very much a group effort.My original introduction to this band was a live exposure on a sunny day in Southern California walking around Downtown Disney and I was immediately impressed with the band. Though on a grander scale, this venture also features a very enthusiastic band that pulls from the energy of the fervent crowd. Despite the lack of a major label backing Benise continues to produce a very high quality product. Okay, so the CD booklet is a one pager with "bootleg" imprinted upon it but certainly the production quality avoids any dodgy bootleg status. In fact, disc one is the soundtrack to the high quality Viva Spanish Nights DVD. With the exception of a mastering problem while transitioning from the introduction track to the opening song "Shakara" this would probably be the only technological glitch that I noted. This is far from a bootleg status.So what about "Shakara"? Well, it immediately captives the audience with a fine battle between Ron Benise on guitar and Jim Sitterly on violin. Add the dynamic dual of C.G. Ryche on percussion and Carlos Lopez on drums and you know that you are in store for a great overview of Benise up close and personal. Speaking of percussion scuffles check out the almost carnival party atmosphere of "Tribal". If this fiesta does not move you then perhaps it is time for your annual physical. And if you really want to fully appreciate this work out check out the visual version on the DVD Viva Spanish Nights.But this album is not just about having a carnival. Explore the more restrained folksy "Mediterranea", which oozes of romance via its simplicity. Clocking in over seven minutes it embodies both the reflective and carnival aspect of the band starting off in a strolling capacity contrasted with the double time conclusion. Equally as effective is the gorgeous "Santa Barbara" taken from the Mediterranea album that I previously reviewed.As for disc two, the party continues courtesy for the thumping "Tabu" where once again Ron Benise exhibits his ferocious yet passionate guitar technique. Meanwhile Sitterly utterly sizzles and does well to keep up with Ron. The festivities continue with the vivacious "Carnaval" which also includes the participation of the crowd who accompany the band with their whistles as a result of Benise's beckoning. Clocking in over 8 minutes it is an utter revelry for both the band and the crowd. However, just like disc one Benise keeps us guessing with the dreamier "Brazil", which includes some vocal chanting from a female singer. Equally as wistful is the soulful "Brazilian Summer". Just who is playing that conservative piano solo? Meanwhile, if you want to hear the entire band in full action fast-forward to "Galletto's Jam" that is a true aerobic workout. As impressive is the concluding "Fandango" closing the album out on a partially military explosive high. Ron Benise is all over his guitar bringing the crowd to their enthusiastic feet.Granted I have seen these guys perform live at Downtown Disney in a stripped down unplugged sort of way and was impressed then. While the DVD Viva Spanish Nights and Benise Live helps share the dynamics of a full-scale concert I am sure it does not replace the real thing. Nevertheless, Benise Live does an exceptional job of harnessing the energetic performances of the band. For those of you not yet familiar with Benise this is a great place to start
I heard about this musical production and I thought it woul be nice to have it. Thanks God Amazon had it. It is a very nice production.
This is one of my favorite CD of all time. it has many of the good songs that made Guardabarrancon famous. I carry their music on my ipod.
I show people the artwork for this record and tell them, "He sounds just like this, too."  With each track, you get Fernandez' passionate, committed singing, which is usually enough to overcome the occasionally-treacly arrangements.As another reviewer here said, this is one of the indispensable Chente records.  For this version of "El rey" alone, it's essential, but the excellent ballads here, such as "Yo quiero ser tu amante," "Las llaves de mi alma" and "Que te vaya bonito," have the good fortune of being solid songs in their own right.It can be easy to dismiss this music as campy or overwrought; indeed, I used to think of it that way, too.  But anyone who gives a good, close, honest listen to Chente will hear not just one of the most popular singers of all time in the Spanish-speaking world, but one of the great singers of the past 40 years, in any language.  The collections of hits aside, this record is one place where you can hear him to his best advantage.
I was looking for some upbeat salsa and this fit the bill. It's happy music that makes you want to dance.  Love it and recommend if that's what you're looking for.
I wish I could've reviewed this album prior to hearing the rest of her music. I am a pretty big Patricia Vonne fan. That said, her first album is pretty reflective of all her albums----a mixture of influences including beautifully sung Spanish tunes, driving Austin rock, pounding drums and guitar reverb, and the occasional country nod. While not quite as memorable as Guitars & Castanets which has a better sound production, it's a close second because of the sheer number of good songs. As usual, her Spanish ballads are top notch and Soledad and Severina are outstanding examples. In fact, I don't feel there's a song on the effort that I would skip over which is pretty rare these days. Ultimately, like the bands Texas and Alejandro Escovedo, I'm predicting that Patricia Vonne will never get the broad success that reflects her talent because of where she falls in the musical genres that she excels at.  Regardless, Patrica Vonne's self titled debut album is worth having regardless if you are a rabid fan of hers or just a listener with an appreciation of a talented singer/songwriter.
Vonne's spanish-stained, rock-out tunes are a pitch-perfect blend of sound, temperament and cultures.  I really appreciate  the depth of her voice, especially in those Spanish ballads. Soledad being my fav. Good mood music for road-tripping&#8230; like when driving off from a bad relationship ;0)
Este disco sigue la tendencia de Luis de hacer m&uacute;sica que fusione los ritmos folcloricos de la isla Rep&uacute;blica Dominicana con el Rock de los 60 y 70. Parecer&iacute;a que mientras m&aacute;s avanza la carrera de Luis mas dificil se le hace grabar en un buen estudio pues la calidad del sonido es mediocre. Sin embargo, todos los que seguimos atentos a lo que hace luis ya estamos acostumbrados y ser&aacute; una sorpresa el d&iacute;a en que un disco de el suene como deber&iacute;a. En cuanto a la m&uacute;sica este disco est&aacute; repleto de melod&iacute;as memorables, lirica 'folk-surrealista' y canto incomparable & &uacute;nico. Sin duda una joya del underground caribe&ntilde;o.
Most people do not even know about them. I got a few songs for free and decided I like them a lot. I am buying the rest. It is music you will want to sing and dance to! They are into it and it is true.
Very accomplished guitarist.  I had never heard of him before a friend traveled to Spain and heard him perform there.  On his recommendation I bought the recording and was very pleased both because of his technical ability and for his musicality.  Really nice album of modern flamenco music.
If you're into Flamenco, you'll enjoy this album.Granted, for the 'Flamenco Purists' out there, some of the tracks on here break-away from Tradition; but this album includes a nice selection of the different 'palos' within Flamenco you'd expect (Tangos, Tarantas, Rumba, etc).The only tracks I didn't enjoy very much were the last 2 (Solea con Roberto Zamora; Saudade con Anabella Zoch).I enjoyed the guitar playing on the Solea, but I didn't really enjoy the cante... it felt al little forced and 'fue compas'.As for the Anabella Zoch track.. although it was sung well and the melody was pleasant; it felt like it belonged on a different album.Daniel Fries is a beast though... I wish my Tremolo sounded as good as his!Thanks!A
The band says:"Anatomy of a Coup" is a compulsive and moving recoriding based on a journey through political upheaval in Africa, Asia, South America and the Caribbean.The album has been described as 'a hidden jewel' and a 'more accessible version of Sigur Ros [with] soft, beautiful subtleties' (WCUR 91.7 FM); 'beautiful stuff [and] fascinating and gorgeous music' (WLUR 91.5 FM); and '[an] independent, contemporary expression, against the background of awareness of change and social struggles... which can save world music from dying out by bringing new life to it' (Radio Centraal, Belgium).The second album by guitarist Sacha Silva with multi-instrumentalist Andrew Morgan and vocalist Munya B, the CD is a unique blend of flamenco, Indian classical and modern music, with lyrics sung in Hindi and Bengali."Anatomy of a Coup" represents a new kind of world music: one which respects the cultural origins of melodies and rhythms while endlessly combining and recombining them to create new shapes and ideas; one which speaks to a new generation of global wanderers, travelers, immigrants, expats and half-breeds.The CD, recorded in southern Spain and the UK, is a bold follow-up to the trio's debut "Susurro",
I had this song on a cassette tape that my brother recorded almost 20 years ago. I'm so glad that Amazon had it available and it was so easy to find. All I had to do was type the title of the song on the search field and found it within a few minutes. I'm now enjoying this great song on my MP3 player. Thanks Amazon!
Great mix of genres.  Lead singer is passionate and sensual.  Love the Latin and flamenco vibe.  Bought it for the song Animas.  Love that song.  Some of the other tunes get to be a bit repetitious.  Overall, a worthwhile listening experience.  Keeps me motivated on my morning walks.
From the stages of theatre to the world of pop music, Gal Tamir is proving his worth with "Voluntad." Between being raised in Israel and performing on stage in various plays such as Grease, Tamir gathers up all of his influences to produce a well written Latin pop record. His warm, mature voice is really what makes this album come alive and it does not let you down. A solo vocal on "Nadie Nos Vio" shows Tamir's vocal range and just what he has to offer. There is also a beautiful duet with a lead female vocalist on "Sueno," which compliments Tamir's voice very nicely. Also, keep your ears alert for the standard Latin dance number on the track "Donde Van?." Any fan that is fluent in Spanish or a fan of Latin pop music will thoroughly enjoy "Voluntad."Shaun H. and the [...] Reviewer Team[...]
I like very much this CD, and the quiality is very good for the time of record. The problem is that the package don't contain any information but the track titles and general information of the years of recordings. Thera are nothing about Carmen Amaya life and music or about the musicians, no explanation of the folk music of Andalusia and the recording details, etc.
Remember the 7 year old with the hit Cucu Bam Bam- the exercise song recorded in 4 languages (English, Spanish, Italian and Japanese).  Well 13 years later she is back with a new album that is hitting "big time" in Mexico.  If you do not enjoy Latin Music, Latin Pop, or Reggaeton, then this is  not album for you.  If you are Reggaeton fan like me, then there are several very good songs.  Of note are Un Dia Como Hoy, and Un Regresso Contigo.  In any case, thanks to the digital revolution, you can easily listen to the songs, and if you like them, then download, and if not, simply pass.  Welcome back Kathy.  Hope you are a big hit.
I thought I was getting  younger  frank sinatra. He is older and his voice is not the beautifull instrument it once was. Wish I could return for an earlier album. The songs are classic and I sang my favorite along with Frank
Downloaded the MP3 songs for my wife because she is a big fan. The songs play clearly on the stereo or the computer speakers and she is happy with them. Qualiy lacks a little because the album is from live shows.
Overall, it's a fine rock/lullaby CD. I especially liked Riders On The Storm, Love Her Madly, and L.A. Woman.  Some of the songs seemed a little up-tempo for lullabies, but, really, how can L.A. Woman be played real slow? My guess is that my grandchildren will fall asleep just fine, while ingesting the melodies of my favorite band.
You can find the lyrics to some or all of these songs here: [...]Pro's1. Authentic, traditional Latin American songs (not just songs translated from English)2. Sung by a native speaker3. Sung slower than other Spanish CD's I've heard which makes learning easierCon's1. All the music sounds the same, guitar playing and a man's voice (from what I have heard so far- have not listened all the way through yet).I also recommend1. "Hands On Spanish" http://www.amazon.com/Hands-Spanish-Together/dp/B003N7GB28/ref=wl_it_dp_o_pC_nS?ie=UTF8&coliid;=I2NH4IU0WWI0PZ&colid;=34F9OGLA4E3OT2. "Songs in Spanish for Children" http://www.amazon.com/Songs-Spanish-Children-Various-Artists/dp/B00005CEP6/ref=sr_1_1?s=music&ie;=UTF8&qid;=1334512124&sr;=1-1The above recommendations do not have the same pro's and con's as this item, but are worth the buy in my opinion, to help kids learn the Spanish language and some traditional Spanish children's songs.
Pancho is right there at you with the raw emotion and his tee-totally excellent band!
Mucha gente dice que si la salsa y la timba todo es son.  Aqui en este disco ensen~an como hubiese sonado la timba si realmente hubiese sido evolucionada de soneros, en vez del Jazz de Irakere y el Songo de Los Van Van.  Tiene una combinacion de artistas soneros como Cristina Azcuy y timberos primariamente de la orquesta "Pupy y los que son son".El tempo es timbero, y parecido al de "Los que son son".  Pero hay diferencias, particularmente en el cambio del segundo teclado por el tres.  Pero este tres es furioso, tan furioso como toca Cesar Pedroso su piano.Este lo tuve que escuchar varias veces para apreciarlo, por lo potente que tiende a ser el sonido de Cesar Pedroso.  Tira la casa por la ventana.  Me hubiese gustado mas si quizas fuese un poco mas calmado, o si al menos hubiese tenido un par de canciones suaves.  O sea, todas las canciones individualmente son buenas, pero es dificil escucharlas corridas porque son tan fuertes todas.
Es muy buena producci&oacute;n musical especialmente para personas o iglesias biling&uuml;es Espa&ntilde;ol-Ingles o cualquiera que quiera aprender a cantar en los dos idiomas, ya que tambi&eacute;n est&aacute; disponible la versi&oacute;n en Ingles del album.
In this album, Juan Martin offers his usual combination of blazing technique and sensitive combination of traditional flamenco and modern jazz chords. The music actually leans more toward the traditional than the jazzy, however, so those looking for something more traditional than a typical Paco de Lucia or other neuvo flamenco album will appreciate this offering. The Bulerias alone is worth most of the price. A good album, with sufficiently good sound. Juan Martin's live album would be the better choice if you want an introduction to this fine player.
I bought this album after hearing one of the numbers on our local jazz radio station.  The high-energy music was as good as I hoped.  I especially like the (unexpected) French song ''Moi je viens de Panama&#34; -- delightful album!
Tropical percussion,  voices and bass line are all played parallel to each other so that the song has a strong sense of forward momentum to it. Sounds like it was played live. Feels warm, spirited and spontaneous.
very good album.. i tho he was gonna come out screamin alottt and just ugly beats. but it had some perreo/romantic/merengue taste into..  favor  song so far is sex seguro.. great song.. go get it if u havent got it
The neat thing about this album is that it has both the Esquivel version and the modern remixes so the two can be easily compared. Both versions are entertaining the value is great. The remixes are pretty faithful to the original with heavier bass and occasional scratches and other innovations. It's easy to conceive of Esquivel the progressive creator using similar techniques if he was still making music. If you like this check out "Big Band Remixed + Reinvented" which is the best and most consistent album to bring modern spins to older music. Stay away the "Electro Lounge" CDs, they have some good stuff but are hit and miss.
I love to party to this CD.It's half early Santana and half newer material.Both are done very well.Great guitar player.He shreads on the one non latin blues track.If you like latin rock this is for you.
This is a nice update of some classics, the quality is a little off for such a new recording, but overall it is a good buy.The MP3 credit I recieved when I placed this order was really confusing to access, a little more information regarding how to access the credits would be a good thing. Why offer it if you can't get it, it makes me wonder.
as a result of my recent, albeit late, discovery of the group Tango36, i came upon these guyz. my research seemed to reflect they are a reformed, later version with some of the same and/or like-minded Tango36 members (someone please correct me if i'm wrong). i must say that i like this album even more than the one (Tango36 - Camino al Sol) that led me to it. i played it every day for a week after i acquired it and still find myself thinking about listening to it the next chance i get. i will just say that the short samples here don't do this album justice. it really must be heard/experienced as a whole.
Wanted bilanguage CD for prek classroom.  Has a lot of songs in Spanish.  Very little English.  Not sure what the Spanish words are saying.
My toddler enjoys listening to this CD in the car. Unfortunately, I do not speak Spanish but I am learning a lot from this CD also.
I bought this CD to use with an early-elementary Spanish class. I love that it is completely in Spanish. I have not used it with my class yet, but there are some great songs to act out and move around to that I think the kids will love.Most of the songs are great. Some of them have accents on the wrong syllables, so I don't feel I can use those songs to teach kids Spanish because I can't have them learning to accent the wrong syllables. At least three songs have this problem: Abre el Refrigerador, Mono Chico, and Arana Pequena. The last two songs are translated from English. I have translated some songs myself, either from English to Spanish or Spanish to English, so I know how hard it can be to be true to the original meaning and still make the words fit and the accents fall on the right syllables. But when you are using a song to teach a new language, the phrases HAVE to be correct grammatically in Spanish and the words HAVE to be pronounced correctly. If you can't make it work, better not to do the song at all, or write a new song, rather than teach it wrong.I agree with one other reviewer that the lady who sings pronounces very hard T's. She apparently grew up bilingual, learning Spanish from her Mexican mother, but I have never heard a Mexican (or any native Spanish speaker) pronounce T's like that- they sound more like English T's. To me, it's not a huge deal- the words are still totally understandable, and not necessarily incorrect in Spanish, just different than I've ever heard.Those are just the negative points but I really loved the CD overall and I can't wait to use it with my class. The songs are very fun, interactive, and talk about things that little kids can relate to. I will use most of these songs with them and just leave out the few with incorrect pronunciation.
The kids love this CD, and it is full of really useful vocabulary.  One song in particular (the Marcha Marcha song) gets them up and moving around every time.
Musical tastes aside, I just wanted to add that the original release date of Colores Santos is 1992, not as "June 2009" as listed on the Amazon page. Although it may be that the mp3 album was first made available on Amazon in June '09, it may mislead new fans that this is a fairly new release.
I found this group when they had a song on a compilation disc, the song is Stinky Stinky Ashtray. The song is a cross-over type, what I mean is, my kids and I both loved it!
I like it, if you love the song you might too.... it is a good variety of sounds for the same tune.
These songs took me back to my childhood. My parents use to have some classic Los Diablos albums and it's good to hear these old rolas again.
good music--mixed tape & reg tape--good listening esp for a party or car ride--lots of familiar bands/artists--recommend--there are better ones out there though--check out ray barreto's INDESTRUCTIBLE (INDESTRUCTIBLE)
Canciones Biblica is a collection of familiar children's songs, sung in Spanish. The music style is contemporary Christian, and is likely to be enjoyed by children. I purchased this item to help me learn Spanish, and it is helping.
Hi again (yes), I want to call this title the "DarkSide" Of Jose Alfredo Jimenez, the reason because I whis to cal this album like this is the Music!, yet totally farout from what Jose Alfredo should sound like! this version have a new sound by all means not bad, just diffrent you got to get in the mood to just enjoy some material like this, the composition is basic Rock with some Flamenco and Electronica well place, the fresh and Old hands of traditionial artist from Spain, Mexico and others parts where this artist have made his print, now my favorite version is played by the futuristic sound of the Instituto Mexicano Del Sonido but of course this is a great new refreshment from this artist to a great song, so just relax and feel the vibe of this cool sound!.......Checkout my music at Myspace: Mister Weird & Sonido Perla.
I heard about this band on June 2013. Found them making search in Amazon and I decided to buy this album.  Album contains popular radio songs. On July I had the privilege to meet them in Panam&aacute; during a mission trip. Just glorious! This album will impact your live through God!
I was fortunate enough to see Giampiero Scuderi play live, and enjoyed him so much that I purchase the Metallica and Zeppelin tribute albums before I even finished watching his show. I'm sure he thought it was rude that I was on my phone while he was performing, but I wanted to purchase his music while I still could spell his name (lol).Giampiero is a monster player and I'm hoping to find more music by him, but this is a cool twist on some legendary Rock tunes. These tunes can be soothing background music to relax to, but if you listen closely (especially if you play guitar) you will be floored by his playing.
Like the good old days cruzing Central in Burque (Albuquerque) N.M.  Loved listening to the CD in the evening kicking back looking at the stars.
I went to see the movie La Mission because I'm a fan of actor Benjamin Bratt.  Not only did I enjoy the movie, but loved the sound track.  If you enjoy music by/similar to Santana with some soul and rhythm and blues, you will definitely like the sound track from La Mission.
Well, I love the CD I just wish it had more songs! But then again, imagining Benjamin Bratt is all one can ask!
The songs are good, just like in the movie.  Wish it had ALL the songs.  Good enough though.
I really enjoyed the remakes of &#34;Be Thankful&#34; as well as the original music from the soundtrack.  While watching the movie and hearing the soundtrack, I just had to have the soundtrack.  Well done.
Songs from La Mission - La MissionSaw the movie which inspired me to order the DVD. Music in movie was better than on DVD but still enjoy the music
La plebe is one of my favorite bands, period. They have a great sound, mixing loud guitars with a horn section. I rated it 4 stars because in my opinion it wasn't as GREAT at Hasta La Muerte. But still worth checking out. Plebe por vida.
My Mexican-born husband laughed at the pronunciation, but my 2 year old likes the cd, and that's what counts.  :)
This is a perfect album for the new samba dancer. Strong beats and short songs.  Have fun with Samba
I don't understand Spanish, but I'm learning. This cd is really good, I look up the lyrics and understand what at slanted individual Ricky martin is. The songs are catchy, get stuck in my head and I find myself singing them even thoughi don't yet know what I'm saying. I think it's a great way to learn.
Excelente canci&oacute;n. Necesit&eacute; escucharla m&aacute;s de una vez para apreciarla, pero ahora no me la puedo sacar de la cabeza.
A lot cheaper to upload this into cloud player then to purchase the cd. Great works well everytime. Excellent. will look for more latino music.
They did a great job covering some of the greatest old love songs. Great album! I listen to it a lot.
Great well known balads, since it was taped on concert the sound quality not as good.  Still a good CD
I really liked this cd of Dulce Maria i like how she sings and i really recommend it. The Music is good i really am enjoying it.
This young lady has an amazing voice... Her voice is touching and almost angelic.... Loved it.You will enjoy it in all honesty...
Its not my kind of music but we had a 70s party at work and i needed to diversify the music to appeal to everyone. This saved me some research and seemed well received by those who like Latin music from the 70s
Ren&eacute; Gonz&aacute;lez Is For Me The Face Of Spanish Christian Singers, As Michael W. Smith Is Of English. He Will Always Give A Top Quality Recording With Fresh And Well Written Material. His Voice Still Delivering Intact And Precise.This Was, In His Words, Supposed To Be Another Decade CD, Hence The Title "MI VIDA" (My Life) And The New Version Of "Carpintero" (Carpinter) At The End Of The CD (Which Was Recorded Previously On "Paz En La Tierra" 2000) But, He Decided To Change The Perspective.The Title Track Spent 19 Weeks At The Top 10 And 11 Weeks At #1.To My Surprise #6-Damaris (Which Is Dedicated To His Wife) Was Released Recently As His 2nd Single. (Not Thrilled About It, Since It's Personnal)My Favorites Are:#2-A Una Voz (As One Voice) United With The Great Marcos Yaroide From Dominican Republic (Former Tercer Cielo), Ricardo Rodr&iacute;guez From Cuba And Our Own Jaci Velasquez. Could That Get Any Better? This Is A Must As A Single. It's A Very Powerful Message And The Delivery Is So Convincing,#9-Si T&uacute; Lo Dices (If You Say So) And#1-Venga Tu Reino (Let Your Kingdom Come).All These And 99% Of The Tracks Are Pop/Contemporary Songs, Save #3-Lleg&oacute; Mi Tiempo (My Time Has Arrived) Which Is Latin Pop.A-Half Step Back Of It's Predecessor, But Still A Very Good CD.
I like this song it has a great beat. It makes me smile every time I hear this song !
I like the songs on this album. They are very fresh and carefully crafted fusion of different sounds. It has a good quality for a Christian indie production. I don't rate it 5 stars because I my style is more edgy. Other than that I think, it is a good investment of your money.
Let's face it - there just isn't enough Carlos Ponce on CD, if you ask me...  So, it's a treat to find this recording.  OK - not my favorite song of his, but still... it's Carlos Ponce.  Love this guy's voice.
El magnifico has talent, his producer has even more talent. the album was great, not classic status but none the less high quality music but the lyrical themes were monotonous, mostly about women and lust. Im totally fine with that but i would also would like to see the thematic template of reggaeton to expand into other areas like social commentary without making itself hip hop.Overall very statisfied!El magnifico tiene talento, y su ingeniero musical tambien. El album es muy bueno, pero no es un clasico. La calidad del disco es alto pero hay una monotonia en las letras de cancion, todo los canciones de mujeres y tentaciones. A mi me gusta eso, pero tambien me gustaria ver canciones de reggaeton con letras que habla de temas diferentes como temas sociales sin ser hip hop. Han muchas artistas que cantan reggaeton con temas que sobrepasa el cliche del reggaeton.
welcome back..I was looking forward to this band's sophomore album since nuestro turno.its an excellent mix of hiphop reggae and cumbia i love this album i just purchased thedigital version although I rather have the cd but for now this will do. i strongly recommend it buyit its a very good album reminiscent of kumbia kings. I recommend it my favorite tracks Baby Yeah!, ella,dame (feat dj kane) and manana manana. Overall great tracks Baby yeah!!!!!!
If you collect slasa music as I do I recomend the music. Its good old salsa and different that the big Fania succesful bands
Sometime in 2008, I saw an Alex Zurdo video on a local cable channel Christian video show late at night, as I try to fall asleep.  It was Gloria Al Que Vive, and even though I don't speak Spanish, I really liked it and downloaded the song.  Four years later, I decided to check him out more and downloaded the entire album Manana Es Hoy.  I think it's a gem.I appreciate music from all over the world, even if I don't understand the words.  If you are like that too, you will probably groove to the contemporary pop/rap flair Zurdo has.Peace.
This is a great album for Cinco DeMayo/Mariachi events. We got a lot of enjoyment from it. Thanks so very much
During our christmas time trip to new mexico i enjoyed listening to this album.There are a couple of song I really like the rest are ok.My favorite is El Boracho
For the price, this album was a spectacular steal! The mariachi music is authentic and pleasing. The variations are terrific. Sound quality isn't superb, but for my ear, the album more than satisfies my desire to hear mariachi.
Now this is one hot song, very rythmic and flowie. It is songs like this one that make people dance. The video is pretty cool as well.
Hard-core punk, rap, cumbia norte&ntilde;o music, metal. I called the rock &#34;enchilado&#34;, if you never had a record from them this is good compilation CD.
First listened to Guitarra Azul at the Walworth County Fair, Elkhorn where they played outside in the park.  Forced by the wife and kid to endure hours and hours of our third Wisconsin Fair this year, fried by the hot sun, stuffed by the deep-fried fair food, and sick of the crowds, I went to the less-crowded park area briefly to lie down and recover.  Absorbed in reading Henry David Thoreau on my Kindle, I didn't see the band arrive, and expected a polka band maybe.  When they started playing, Guitarra Azul blew me away--in retrospect they felt like a reward for the day of suffering I had endured.  They played several selections from Lotus Flower, their new album.  The music was like a cool drink of water...or maybe tequila.No flamenco expert, I can't really describe their music--but it is full of virtuoso guitar play, drum work, forward-moving, mellow and fiery at the same time--Gipsy Kings is the closest musical comparison to them I own currently--only Guitarra Azul is strictly instrumental so far as know.  Listening to them makes me want to snack on eye-watering habanero salsa and sour lime guacomole.  One of these songs reminds me of the musical interlude in the Eagles song Hotel California; Lotus Flower the title song evokes a more Eastern sound.  The song 'Fuego Loco' is particularly rewarding.The band is an eclectic mix of nationalities and music talents (read their bios to see the diverse, multi-continental mix) and living in Wisconsin, I'm lucky to have them nearby in the Chicago area.  I'll certainly be buying their other albums, and hopefully heading south to another live event sometime.
Lacks a lot of the fire and excitement of earlier albums.  Makes a great background for getting to sleep on restless evenings.
My only problem is I don't understand most of the lyrics (but that's my fault)I like the bouncy rhythm's, his timing, and play on words. I will listen to this forever- no bad songs
Mana is a great band and this is a great song.  I think they could have done a better job with this song but it's okay.
This song is an American old time classic and she did a beautiful job in this Spanish/English bachata version. Great job!
Got this to help my ear get used to hearing Spanish whille taking classes for college. I really like how accurately the songs are re-produced.
This album has a pretty good mix of music to work out to. It has a Caribean theme to all the songs.
Pienso que el disco pudiera estar mejor, pero la producion esta excelente. Estaba buscando un buen disco para el dia de la Virgen de Guadalupe y la verdad le batalle para encontrarme un buen disco por amazon. Este me gusto y valio la pena comprar todo el disco!
Me gusta escucharla cu&aacute;ndo el d&iacute;a ha sido pesado pues me testifica que con Dios en nuestras vidas no hay lucha que no se gane.
Very soothing music, I have been very happy with the purchase.  This is good music to listen to when studying or relaxing
I love to have sweet background music playing and this guitar music fits the bill. Acoustic classical - nice music
I chose this rating because it's good, but not all songs dance perfect. I own other Ibiza CDs and some songs ok, some not.
This is a good compilation of old-school style Bachata. Just keep in mind that despite the album title, these are mostly songs from early 2012. Even though I prefer modern Bachata (Prince Royce, Aventura, Xtreme), I still enjoy the traditional sound from time to time.What's great about this album is that most of the artists are established, unlike some of the compilations with just a bunch of unknown Bachateros. "I Love Bachata 2013" has Yoskar Sarante, El Chaval, Frank Reyes; a good number of artists with hit songs recently and going back to the 90's. You also get a bit of the modern Bachata sound thanks to tracks like "Por Mentira" by Grupo Vena.  My only complaint would be that a few songs such as those from Kiko Rodriguez, El Chaval and Luis Segura are from 2011. At least two of the songs (by Truhanes and Emocion) were on the radio back in 2010. So just know that it's not all 2013 music.This is a good collection of songs if you like the older Bachata style. The entire MP3 album on Amazon costs less a Starbucks Frappuccino, so there's no reason why you shouldn't buy it now if you like Bachata.
****1/2. This second album by Alex Conde is now Bay Area based but carries on his flamenco jazz styling with more classical and popular cante jondo, as the listener may find with two tracks of familiar melodies. Conde is a very fine pianist and composer, classical trained in Spain; he further developed his jazz skills at the Berklee College in Massachusetts. For his recording sessions, he has many musicians to support him [see below for listing]. While I found his earlier Jazz & Claps album superior in freshness and fusion, this opus is still very worthy for explorations of Latin jazz. It is more popular Spanish than flamenco-inspired and orchestral in details, with the inclusion of strings. Barrio del Carmen, track 2, is located in Valencia, Spain, Conde's home town. The same can be said for Plaza de la Virgen, honored in the following track. Andaluzia (track 4) is derived from Spanish Dance No. 5, composed by Enrique Granadas [1867-1916]. In the taranta of track 6, Conde slows down for a contemplative improvisation. Callejon del Silencio refers to a street in the southern Spanish coastal town of Almu&ntilde;&eacute;car, near M&aacute;laga. El Puerto is from a classical dance melody of Manuel de Falla [1876-1946] from La Vida Breve. 52 minutes.Alex Conde: pianoKina Mendez & Jose Cortes: vocalsJose Luis Rodriguez & Gabriel Navia: guitarFanny Ara, Melissa Crus & Nino de los Reyes: palmasKeita Ogawa, Collin Douglas & Sudhi Rajagopal: percussion, drums, tablaJoe Herbert: celloTregar Otton: violin and violaMike Olmos & Jason Palmer: trumpetSean Kupisz, Sascha Jacobsen & Aaron Germain: bass
Contiene los exitos que mas sonaron en los 90's de este grupo Laredense. y con buen beat incluyendo los loops. I liked it
This was recommended by a friend. It's very nice instrumental guitar work with some interesting song choices. I'm glad I picked it up
I've been following Bajofondo since its first album Bajofondo Tango Club in 2002.  Previously  they were compared to Gotan Project, but I found Bajofondo continually tries to experiment with different sounds and genres, while still trying to keep its roots.&#34;Presente&#34; is like a complete unified work unto itself.  There's an Intro and Outro and the pieces range from a symphonic-dance type pieces (Codigo de barra) to a boppy, clubby beat (Pide piso).  &#34;Pena en mi corazon&#34; has a rock-type refrain.  &#34;Oigo voces&#34; is sung a cappella.  I feel that, in &#34;Presente&#34;, Bajofondo again tries to experiment with different sounds and combine different styles.  There were a few pieces that sounded a little &#34;trite&#34;, like I'd heard them somewhere before (ie. &#34;Rendevous&#34;, &#34;Olividate&#34;), or I'd heard them from Bajofondo before.  But I like how the group tried to break out of a formula and experiment with new sounds.Also, I'd highly recommend seeing Bajofondo live - Up front and in person.  These musicians are highly-talented, put on a great show that won't rob you of their money.  And they all love what they do and genuinely enjoy collaborating with each other, and do it very well.  I had the chance to see them recently and was surprised at the small size of their venue (and the $17 ticket price).  The show was over an hour of non-stop phenomenal musical extravaganza that would have raised people from the dead.  After seeing them live I now also listen to their music much more differently.
Most songs are great for workout music
Back in the 80s I listened to the Spanish radio station KESS a lot, and this one song would play and it was a wonderful, lovely ballad but they would never say the name.  I managed to record the song on my cassette recorder (remember those) and later digitized it so I could still hear it.  The Shazam app on my smart phone couldn't identify the song for a couple of years but now it does.  The song is Tal Para Qual.  Great and sad tune. I decided to get the whole album to see if Alvaro has some other gems I didn't know about.  But Tal Para Qual is still my favorite of his.  Worth it just to hear a clean copy of that one song, but fans of Alvaro Torres will enjoy many of the other songs in the collection.
Wonderful dance music and mellow mix of voices. I heard this CD at a street market in Sarria, Spain last month and didn't have enough Euros left to buy it.Was I ever delighted to find it on amazon!
They played this in the Bahamas, and this brings all the good times back.Nice collection of songs!And nice to get it via MP3 vs a CD.
I am not a good music critic but I just enjoy listening to bossa nova/samba from other performers. In my own standard it is four stars because I'm sure that there are still other good performers/renditons. Peoples reactions are different. But again, I enjoy listening to it.The music is good and the price is reasonable for me to buy it.
Good inspiration songs of loving each other and the love of god as Jes&uacute;s teaches us to have love .
This music grows on you...and I am not particularly a fan of some forms of modern jazz. However the African drums and West African singing actually merge with the acoustic jazz to offer a truly original sound.  This is the album to listen to when you want something distinctly different from traditional Latin Jazz.  Enjoyed it in my car.  Recommended
Great jazz and totally right on with Yoruba - great runs and vocals! Definitely a buy even if you never imagined them together!
This is a very well rounded album. With varying song speeds, themes, and styles, the album is easy to listen to, and makes me want to both sing along to it, and dance to it.If I had to say one drawback to the album, I would have preferred to hear more of David Jr. I don't mean on the mic. I mean on the congas or on the timbales.He is an AMAZING percussionist. His live shows are jaw dropping spectacular.  This album lacks that golden touch.Granted, his live solos are very much for a live audience. Translating that to an album does not always work - considering albums has a format that they need to adhere to. If you can, catch David live, you won't regret it.
I like the diversity of artist on this. I love reggaeton so this is my cup of tea. La Sexy voz is annoying but you can always skip her.
This seem to summarice the whole year of Latin Music.It is a good representative of the Latin Music.Is a nice set if our music
Some music good, others OK. Danza  is a good CD, pretty constant and fast paced. Would recommend if like Latin music.
Never heard this before. I got it to try. Music was good. Glad I tried it. Nice to try smaller unknown musicals. Most are good and I experience musicals I wouldn't normally get the hear.
Nice music to dance or just listen to it and have a good time.  Good music. Try it you'll like it.
has all romantic song in slow, medium ,and fast speed. Help one practice BACHATA at different speed. a lot of varieties
If you like good Salsa dancing music, get this !! Many good tracks.
One of the best albums I have bought this year!  Calle13 cigue ciendo uno de los mejores rapperos en hip/hop.
A good mix of music for parties, road music or just relaxing. I especially like El Taxi and other similar songs.
Certainly worth the price, and more.A few of the songs are just dynamite.In addition to the good beat, the sound qualitywas excellent.
It's a super deal !!  Although not all tunes are particularly of my taste (just like most of almubs), it is absolutely extraordinary deal.
...another fun song from Sensato del Patio!  I'm really feeling this, it reminds me of Romo for some reason and I love his catchy flow.
Luis Fonsi is one of my favorite artists for a reason. In this latest album, he delivers yet again with strong baladas and some of his signature and a little more upbeat tunes. For someone whose voice is so powerful, it's incredible that he has had a career this long and continues to have his tonal quality. I definitely recommend getting this album.
One of those songs that reaches your heart.  Would like to know if is available on CD.  Natalia's voice is spectacular.