We love these songs, and my son keeps requesting the album.  La sinfonia de los peces and Elena la Ballena and La Bruja Loca are classics.
Great recording and excellent selections on this album.  Of course the orchestra is a must for any Tango enthusiast.
Just beautiful tango music! Classic tangos that are perfect for dancing and listening as well. I recommend it very highly.
Discover this band through the internet. Good tango music. Their web site taught me a few things about tango that i did not know
Maybe not quite as polished and sensitive (or well produced) as their later work, but lovely nonetheless. (Their "Live 2007" and "Siete Tandas" albums are my favorites so far).
This collection of songs features one of the finest brass ensembles in the USA.  The writing and arranging are second to none.  In my 40 plus years of professional music experience I would say that Hollywood producers are missing the boat in not using some of these songs as soundtracks for their movies.
This is my home-exercise music.  I put on the cumbias and dancer-cise!  Fun songs with a great beat make exercising enjoyable.
This has to be the best, or one of the very best, modern Afro-Cuban Folkloric CDs I have heard. The recording quality is beautiful, the songs are well-written, there is a nice flow to the CD, and it has a nice variety of instrumentation and arrangement within the material. Cohesive without being too repetitive.
This album is an amazing mix of Spanish influences and metal.  Shockingly, they go together extraordinarily well. This album is highly recommended!
This album contains a great series of &#34;Cumbias&#34; to dance with someone or enjoy by yourself. It's an awesome part of a great collection.P.S. Amazon, please correct the spelling of the album. Thanks.
This is the album I've been looking for. It is PERFECT to leave on while entertaining or just lounging around. The track are not bland or repetative, and after a few listens, I found myself subconciously humming along with a few! I'm not good at describing music like the other fancy music critics, but I can say that I really enjoy this album!***UPDATE:I've had this album now for quite a while, and it has made its way right up to the top of my playlist. Each song is fun, unique, and just plain perfect for lounging to. I've played it now at quite a few dinner parties and I always have guests asking about the songs playing. I love it so much I've even made ringtones and alarm wake-up MP3s from the songs for my cell phone! I hope they release more albums just like this one!
El Destrcto needs to start making more records. Shakey sing a-long country punk that helps the drinks go down. Not as wild about the more punkish surf tunes, but when it's on it's as good as rock and roll gets.
LOVED IT!!!!  If you enjoy Richie Ray you will love this cd.  I have this in DVD..
The best compilation of the Brazilian tropicalismo movement. Especially designed for people who don't know a thing about Brazilian music, but easily the best thing for anyone who cares and enjoys this cultural treasure.
Your Brazilian music collection can start right here. Just download this album, enjoy it, and then explore each of the artists highlighted here.David Byrne put this compilation together in the late 80's, exploring some of the key artists of the Brazilian scene. This is not the Bossa Nova music of the early 60's -- it's mainly from the next generation of artists that grew up in the late 60's and became successful in the 70's onward.Every track here is a classic, and every artist is a master. It's a hugely enjoyable listen that I come back to over and over, and it's a compilation that introduced me to some great artists.There are several other albums in this series -- all are worth buying.
This recording is a masterpiece from Inti Illimani, probably the best musical group of Latin America.This album contains a fine selection of themes from the Andes region of Bolivia and Peru. It reflects the cultural richness and deep tradition of one of the oldest and greatest civilizations of the Americas.The execution, instrumentation, and the musical arrangements by Horacio Salinas are superb.Highly recommendable.
This is the some of music I grew up listening to.
If you like &#34;old cumbias&#34; You would love this album. All the songs are great. It's all fun! I was very happy to find this kind of music on Amazon.
I purchased this for my mother. She is an alzheimers patient and she does not remember much but when I play this music for her,she sings along and that was the purpose. She used to love this artist and she know all of his songs. So I thank you from the bottom of my heart.
I just got this album and I love it. This is the best of Aguilar. A must buy! You will love it.
Senor Aguilar is a real inspiration to the people of Zacatecas and the U.S. This is very appealing music for all.
This is a great introduction to Don Antonio's work.  Born outside of Villanueva, Mexico, on May 17, 1919, he began riding horses and singing in the saddle as a toddler on the &#34;La Casa Grande de Tayahua&#34;, an hacienda first built in 1596 in the town of Tayahua, about 35 km from Villanueva. Aguilar's ancestors acquired this property in the early 19th century..His love for horses and ranches shows in the cut &#34;Mi Ranchito.&#34;  He was an outstanding horseman late into life and you can see why he was why he was called &#34;El Charro de Mexico&#34; on any number of youtube videos.Although Don Antonio initially pursued a career in opera, a friend suggested he sing mariachi and &#34;use that powerful voice to sing the songs of the people.&#34;  That great voice singing the people's songs is displayed very well on this album.  A great complement to this album is &#34;Corridos de Revolucion&#34; which pays homage in song to the Mexican heroes like Pancho Villa and Emiliano Zapata who he portrayed in the movies.  Buy both albums you won't regret it.
I have the old LP of Danza para mi pueblo by Danny Rivera. It is so great, that I wanted to have it in a cd. It is gorgeous! He is one of the best Puerto Rican singers ever
If this was one of Machito's last records it should go down as one of his best. The arrangements were far beyond it's time. He (Machito) not Eddie Palmeri discovered Lalo Rodriquez and this was his debut as a vocalist. His range is not or even been matched since. If you don't own this recording shame on you it is truly a masterpiece by the Maestro and founding father of Afro-Cuban music.
Aunque nunca tuve la oportunidad de oir a Vallejo en vivo, el se ha convertido en mi bolerista favorito, junto con el Beny.
Joan Sebastian interpretations are always great, he sings with very deep from his heart in addition with those unique melodies composed by him. Nice album.
I GREW UP LISTENING TO HOUSE MUSIC!! IT'S FUN, U CAN EXERCISE, JOG, RUN, DANCE TO THE BEAT, ITS WAY BETTER THAN ALL THAT HIP HOP RAP, IT'S OK BUT IT'S NOTHING COMPARE TO HOUSE!  I'M OLD SCHOOL, I STRONGLY FEEL THAT MUSIC AIN'T THE SAME WHEN I WAS GROWING UP! I AM A MUSIC LOVER BABY! R&B, HOUSE,  A LITTLE JAZZ, GOSPEL, RAP, ETC. THAT'S IS MY STRONG OPINION!!
This is a "Where are they now?" follow-up to Beleza Tropical. Beleza Tropical was my favorite of David Byrne's Brazil Classics series. Most of these artists are the same ones who were on the original Beleza Tropical 20 years ago. In the meantime, they have gotten even better, and they have discovered synthesizers in a big way. Lyrics are provided in translation, and they are good as well. This is great party and driving music. Highly recommended.
I'm still pickin myself up off the floor after hearing these guys.This album is smokin' to the nth degree !!!
I agree with D. Moritz - this is the best. I originally got into latin music through Trios Los Panchos and the "Boleros" genre that they did so well, but for the past few years Huasteco has really grabbed me. Relentless, pounding, dissonant, and soaring, simultaneously dark and light, it's an amazing musical style. And as D. Moritz says, I don't think anyone does it better than Xoxocapa. I wish more was available from this incredible group. Amazon has Sones Huastecos 3 and IV, so where's 2? And is there a 1?
I purchased this item as a gift for my father and he loves it.  It reminds him of his childhood.  Great music to listen to and is also dance-able.
This album is in Spanish, with a voice similar to someone who has been smoking. Although these songs are old they are some of his best. Romantic and in tradition to music from Julio Eglesia format, it is a  good album for a dinner party, listening around the house or a night with your love one.
Hace muchos a&ntilde;os que no la o&iacute; cantar y este disco me trajo muchos recuerdos buenos.  Ella fue una compositora maravillosa y tambi&eacute;n una cantante fant&aacute;stica.  Su estilo de cantar no era compleja y su voz me gustaba much&iacute;simo.  Para las personas que quieran escuchar a las canci&oacute;nes de ayer este disco estar&iacute;a bueno para poner en su colecci&oacute;n.
I enjoy this music can listen all day long it's soo good I purchased it for gym workout motivation music
I really like this album I use it for my DJ gigs . I got everyone dancing  nice up beats and flavor for u salsa lovers
I just  needed something different in my collection instead of playing the same songs. These are two of my favorite songs from him.
I am not good in Spanish and dont really know what he was saying on the song but my friend recommended it so...but its good, hopefully he is not saying bad words to the listener or anything like that.
Not much has been written about this Cuban Duo, but whenever you listen to them their music says it all by itself.For me as Latinamerican, the Beatles influenced my musical life...but the Duo Los Compadres did it before 1962.
Raulin Rodriguez is one of the kings of bachata. It you love bachata, especially the traditional flavor with emphasis on lead guitar in addition to singing, then this album is for you.
I love Mariachi! My sister Wendy, my cousin Sandy and my caretaker Cynthia's granddaughter Adriana also love Mariachi. I highly recommend this album to them.
I heard Zeca on last.fm and as much as I liked his music, I quickly and mistakenly labeled him as of those "one time hits". How wrong I was, actually, it's exactly the opposite: this dude is a "beautiful melody" generator. I really love his music and his style: beautiful melodies and exceedingly rich "drum works". It's like a fusion between classical music, samba and everything in between.He reminds me of Marco Antonio Solis, with Marco having the edge in terms of voice while Zeca's music is far richer and more interesting.I am labeling him my 2010 best surprise; he is joining my favorite Brazilian collection alongside Marisa Monte, Maria Bethania, Jorge Ben, Gilberto Gil, Caetano Veloso and Milton Nascimento.
I love this cd!  I stumbled across Marta's music after long search on Amazon for something that wasn't "pop" oriented Latin.  Yay!  This cd is great, Marta has an amazing voice and the background musicians are top notch.  Worth a listen, then a re-listen, then you end up buying all of her cds because she is THAT good.
WHAT A TALENTED AND GIFTED GUITAR PLAYER.  I REALLY ENJOY THISWONDERFUL CD AND HOPE TO GET MORE OF STEFAN'S MUSIC.
Because I know no Spanish and am struggling in my elementary college course, I downloaded two albums.  Without these tunes pounding in my head, I don't think I would have done as well on my first test.To my surprise, the Stephane Husar album is NOT strictly kids' music, but the songs are quite pleasant musically.  I recommend this album for anyone, and there is no comparison to--much better than--Spanish and English Sing and Learn (Ms Blanca).The content is what's needed for a few key basics--such as numbers, days of the week, and some basic phrases and questions.  With the music, the content stays in one's memory better.
So I've seen these guys live. They have you dancing in a heartbeat. Buy it. Love it. They don't make music like this anymore where I'm from (santa ana, ca)
Don Baaska released a great CD with beautiful, sophisticated and timeless Latin jazz and pop from start to finish! The musical arrangements showcase incredible talent and after I hear the CD I often push "play" on my CD player to listen to it all over again! The quality of the sound is terrific and the melodies are outstanding. Much of the tracks here are played the way they would have been during the 1960s but the music is not dated; these numbers are so well done they just can't go out of style--just one listen proves it. For me it brings back fond memories of vacationing in Puerto Rico with my parents back in simpler times.In addition, the nice thing about having these MP3 music files for download is that you have choices: you can choose to buy the CD, download the tracks and enjoy them now--or just download and enjoy the tracks that you like the most.As for Baaska himself, "pianist/songwriter/arranger Don Baaska has recorded 14 CDs. `From Puerto Rico with Love' Volumes 1, 2 and 3 are songs by Puerto Rican composers styled on piano by Baaska accompanied by bass and percussion." From 1953 to 1970 Baaska and his mates played at numerous hotels and venues in Puerto Rico and enjoyed the good life in general. Baaska divorced in 1970 and became involved with Scientology in California where he met a dancer named Valli Scavelli. Valli, as it turned out, had a very special talent for learning new songs--she stills sings them quite well at that! Valli and Don returned to Puerto Rico in 1980 and performed for several years before forming a successful entertainment agency. Don still records fine music as we can see here, too!There's not a bad track in the lot here. "Ausencia (Absence)" is extremely elegant; and "Compadre Pedro Juan (Godfather Pedro Juan)" will get you up and dancing quickly! Other gems include the stunning "Olas Y Arenas (Waves and Sands);" "Playa Azul (Blue Beach);" the title track "Perfume De Gardenia (Perfume of Gardenia);" "Bello Amananacer;" a most creative "Mozart's Merengue;" "Luquillo;" "Sonando Con Puerto Rico (which roughly translates to Sounds and Puerto Rico)" and the last track, "Que Sera Mi China."If you crave five star quality Latin jazz mixed with elements of Latin pop all with a 1960's twist, this is precisely what you want! This music brings back a great deal of fond memories for both Puerto Ricans who danced to this genre of music in the `60s and early `70s; tourists at Puerto Rican hotels during that era will probably enjoy this album, too. Fans of Don Baaska will certainly want the CD for their collections.
The music that the Cardenal brother and sister delivery is simply exquisite. The power in their lyrics (Spanish) is simply amazing. Extremely recommended...if you speak Spanish that is!
I will continue to buy more from him. Love it and my friend uses it for spiritual workshops. Great music!
I was out to dinner with my family in Hyannis, MA at Pain D'Avignon, and Michael was playing at therestaurant.  The food was great, the service was great, the company was great, and the guitar music wasawesome!!!  I have bought several CD's for friends because the music is so good!  I used to live inSpain when I was younger, and the mixture of modern and flamenco style is so perfect!Play on Michael!
I love this music.  Finally some children's music that adults can enjoy too.  Great quality and production value too. Thanks!
Listening to this music takes me back to summer nights in Santa Fe, dancing the night away at WilLee's Blues Club.  The sounds of Nosotros with their latin groove would pack the halls with dancers and it is easy to see why.  They are consummate musicians at the top of their form.  Latin pop is what most people call this style but I say that is not an adequate description.  Yes, there is a latin beat, but to simplify their music as pop is doing them a disservice.  There are elements of jazz, soul, and r&b; in their music ... along with salsa and cha cha of course.I only wish that the CD was longer.  I hope that their next recording will come soon and that it will include some of the covers that they perform live.
Los Jets are like the Ventures and Dick Dale, but more Latin, in the best possible way.  If you like surf rock (Walk Don't Run, Pipeline, Wipe Out, Penetration, Perfidia, etc.), you will like this.  Those tunes are very, very familiar to boomers.  Los Jets is, to my So. Cal. ears, a fresh take on an old favorite genre.  Recommended.
I love Aljadaqui. I have seen them perform in NYC before and they are great. I first heard the band in 2001, and didnt hear of them til early this year. I speak greatly of them and suggest that if you like spanish rock then you should get their music.
Puchi Colon is one of my favorite Gospel/Praise artists.  I love his salsa-style, rich vocals, and energizing music!  I can't wait to purchase everyone of his CDs.
This is one the best ever recorded disc of cuban music. Albita, Donato and Rey Ruiz are among the best exponents of the contemporary Cuban music, son and salsa. The CD was nominated to a Latin Grammy as best Latin tropical album (the winner was Jose Feliciano).Highly recommended!
I always loved this tune and finally bought it.  Great beat, great melody, great vocal by Marc Anthony.  A really good Salsa number.  I also bought the Spanish version, "D&iacute;melo."
I used to love this CD.. (it is in French) so my Spanish tutor got some of his songs in Spanish that I had to translate...This is just a great enjoyalbe Album... I give it high five!
Es un sue&ntilde;o hecho realidad.  Ricardo Montaner con una orquesta!  Su bella voz y su orquestaci&oacute;n valen la pena.  La escogencia de las canciones es excelente.  Me encant&oacute;!
Imagine the music of Incendio but without the jazz overtones and a more pronounced Latin rock groove. Comparisons to flamenco guitarists like Ottmar Liebert will be almost inevitable, with the rapid-fire playing of the acoustic guitar, but this work stands in a class by itself. A great collection of tunes to use as background music for a Latin-themed party of just listening to by yourself. The only fault I find with this music, and it's the same one I found with Ottmar's stuff, the acoustic guitar takes the lead in every instrumental. Would have been nice to hear them change it up a bit, maybe with a marimba or some other instrument taking over for awhile. But the guitar work you DO hear is extremely good. Try downloading the tune "Caliente". If you don't like that one, you probably won't like the rest of what this CD has to offer.
good CD music, is mix bachata, some faster, all the songs are beautiful, is worth the money.
This CD is outstanding -- I highly recommend it. Read more if you want to know why.A little over 1 year ago, I had dinner with my young Protege from Belgium. We met in downtown LA at a superb little restaurant called La Ciudad. It was there that I first heard and met this wonderful group - Cal&eacute; - who was providing live entertainment that night. Their music created the perfect ambience as we reminisced about summers in Rangoon, luge lessons -- there were some many things to remember. But as wonderful as it was to meet up with my best friend after several years and catch up on old times, it was Cal&eacute; that stole the evening. We were both pleasantly surprised by their performance and ended up staying late to just listen to them perform. We both bought a CD on the spot.The following week, I went to lunch with some co-workers and had the CD playing in my car (as I often do). They all loved it, and now ask for itt whenever we take my car. And thats more often than it should be -- since I drive an Impreza, a compact sports sedan. They've all dubbed my WRX the "Cal&eacute; Carro", and this CD has become a cult favorite at my place of work.My wife also enjoyed the music when she first heard it. In fact, she keeps the CD in her car, and won't give it back. So I'm online now buying another copy for myself.It was such a pleasure to meet this wonderful group of musicians. They are very talented, and humble. Their music is the perfect accompaniment to almost any occasion. As you can see, if you're still reading my review, I haven't met anyone that hasn't enjoyed their music. I highly recommend this CD.
Recently I went to party at a friend's place in Glendale, CA. There, I met Victor Torres, one of the guitarists and vocalists of a fun-loaded flamenco group called Cal&eacute;. The guy was as fun as he was sharp.All that fun and the sharp lyrics make their way into the work of the trio of Nuevo Flamenco. Their music is a contagious and highly enjoyable flavor of flamenco you just have to download. Get Vente Conmigo (Come With Me) by Cal&eacute;... Y Ol&eacute;!
What a perfect introduction to this &#34;former Czech and Slovakian&#34; area's folk music! I started out specifically looking for Moravian cimbalom music (a kind of hammered dulcimer) as a gift for a friend whose mother was Moravian. Luckily I found this &#34;a cappela&#34; recording. What a voice!  I can't imagine anyone else singing these songs. So enthralling and captivatingly mesmerizing.  Somewhat husky.. but maybe...even yes...sexy sounding.  I've since found her other albums that are equally fascinating, and more contemporary.  Milokraj is a great ensemble jazzy mix of fast and slow, (yes, with cimbalom).  And then there are the more current albums in Spanish. What a wonderful mix of international &#34;music intrigue&#34;!  One of my favorite &#34;folk&#34; albums!
The ambience here is beautiful but low-key.  Apparently Topferova overdubs herself, achieving a homogeneous sound for each sweet, serene track.  She sounds as if she is at peace with herself and the world--just as she appears, eyes closed, on the album art.
Marta Topferova ma nadherny hluboky hlas a texty narodnich pisnicek jsou skvele! Doporucuji kazdemu kdo si chce poslechnout folkovou muziku z Ceska, Moravy ci Slovenska.
Pedro Javier Gonzalez is a master of the Spanish guitar and his covers of popular music (among them a version of Sultans of Swing by Dire Straits that will astound you) are breathtaking (see YouTube). Not only does he play the cleanest lines I've ever heard with an equanimity that is a glory to watch, but there is great heart in his playing. It doesn't get better than this.
Out freeking standing. One who loves Salsa can really get into these song.They are well put together and represent Salsa.
If I had to sum up Diego's Umbrella in one word it would be eclectic. I had the pleasure of seeing them live in the summer of 2012. Ever since I've been a fan. They are truly a combination of unique musical styles. I love the Gypsy, Spanish, Ska, etc. feel of their music.This is one of their earlier albums. It has a good number of songs but some of them are pretty short. I enjoy the musical themes explored in this collection. Most of the songs are up tempo and are great to dance to. I downloaded this album to get me moving when I needed to do some house cleaning. It really got me going. I didn't even notice the cleaning while listening to this music.If you ever get a chance to see these guys live, go! They are non-stop fun and you won't be able to stay in your seat because your feet will want to dance to their crazy beat!
I don't remember how I came to buy this album in the first place, but it has become one of my favorites.  I can listen to it over and over again without getting tired of it.  It takes me home after a hard day's work.  It's gorgeous and intricate and surprising and inspiring.  If you love Cuban music, latin music, buy this album.
It's been years since the last time I heard Jacque play, and then I stumbled onto Silent night. The man is still a wizard with a sax, and the arrangements bring a unique, soothing and enjoyable twist to some classic Christmas tunes. I suggest you buy this CD, pop it in a player and relax getting into the Christmas mood.
Good music for dance practice or for teaching dance. The songs, though plain, have a distinct beat that any beginner could follow. Too bad most mp3 download services do not include the CD cover text or CD liner notes. For specialty CD's such as this one, such notes would be helpful. So, I'll write the CD liner text here:This album contains eight basic merengue rhythm tracks at various slower tempos designed for dance practice. These are not typical Top 40 songs. Instead, they are instrumental tracks of the basic rhythm style of merengue. The last three tracks contain a voiceover counting the basic merengue footwork timing. This CD is designed for dance practice and dance teaching. Typical nightclub merengue music has a tempo of 120 to 150 beats per minute. These tracks range from 90 to 120 beats per minute.
Good music for dance practice or for teaching dance. Very distinct and easy to follow beat. Too bad most mp3 download services do not include the CD cover text or CD liner notes. For specialty CD's such as this one, such notes would be helpful. So, I'll write the CD liner text here:This album contains basic bachata rhythm tracks. These are not typical bachata songs. Instead, these are instrumental tracks of the basic rhythm style of bachata. Various, mostly slower tempos are featured. The last three tracks contain a voiceover counting the basic footwork timing. This album is designed for dance practice and dance teaching. Bachata dance students will appreciate the slower tempos featured on this album. Typical nightclub bachata music is 120 or more beats per minute. These tracks range from about 90 to 120 beats per minute.
The music and singing was beautifully arranged.  Even though I didn't understand any of the all Spanish singing I could understand the spirit of worship.  Love it.
this CD brings me back to when I was a child and my mother (whom is now with our Lord)use to sing these song's to me and while in church i never forgot them,but I also could not find them either until now,and the voice Ricardo Rodriguez has bring's tear's to my eye's Thanks Amazon for having such a diverse selection of music you have brought my mother's music back to me. God Bless
Although it does not go back to the 60's and 70's it does have a good mix of late 70's and 80's. These are the songs I heard in those times and not covers by newer artists.
Amazing musician. This album makes you feel like you're at one of his performances.  Enjoy the stories between the songs.
Miche is an amazing player/singer/performer and this striped down production captures his life persona perfectly.  Highly recommended
I love this CD.  It is a great collection of both well-known and lesser-known Brian Wilson songs.  The artists show their love of Brian and the boys by these great interpretations of the songs.  This is a great addition to any serious Brian Wilson fan.
I come to this "A Jazz Portrait of Brian Wilson" by accidentally crossing over Dori Caymmi's "Caroline No" - it was so startlingI got the MP3and after a year went back and bought the whole album on CD. I think it really isn't "A" portrait of Brian but rather a varied Multi-portrait of interpretations.  I really like the rhythm flow and mix of styles.  The compiler did a beautiful mixtape. It is guitarist Tim Weston, shown on the back with Brian and as arranger of  his own lush "The Warmth of the Sun" with 1960's hit torch singer Shelby Flint.Weston was generous with Clark Burroughs, whose "Group" is peppered throughout with five songs. Who is this guy?  He was a founder and 40 year member of "The Hi-Lo's" acappella artists, honored by anybody who was anybody in the 50's and 60's. Brian Wilson's ear was steeped in the Hi-Lo's.  Fundamentally the Beach Boy harmonies are constructed on the not-subtle, no-vibrato, tight, in-your-face Hi-Lo's. So there's a full-circle right for Burroughs to be here with his current posse (six voices).As to the others, it's wide ranging: introspective, expansive, smooth, rhythmic. It's on Blue Note Records so they were impressed enough with it too. AfterDori CaymmiI would single out as favorites Marilyn Scott's vocal onIn My Roomand Sao Paulo pianist Elaine Elias on a medly withOur Sweet Love.JazzTimes reviewed the album in '97 but other places date this from 2000.  Who cares: its 65 minutes of disarming interpretations of aural goodness.
A GREAT album with not a bad song on it.Songs are done in both Spanish and English but the music is so good you won't care which is which.This is the freshest album I've heard in years.I just wish it would have included the song that turned me on to the band in the first place. At the end credits for the movie &#34;Collateral&#34; w/ Tom Cruise  and Jamie Foxx called &#34;Destino de Abril&#34; or&#34;Destiny of April&#34;..Give a listen on youtube and you'll discover a really good band. Sadly this is the only album by the duo of Rick Garcia and Rene Reyes.
I'm surprised they only made one album. After listening to all their songs, I was hoping I could pick up another one of their cds. However to my dismay, this was the only album recorded. If you like mellow music with a Spanish zing, then you should buy this cd.
I consider a good productI know the artist when i was youngi like salsai dance salsahe is the favorite in radio music
India, India where are you?  Your dedicated fans love you and and support you, awaiting your long overdue return.  Your powerfully, beautiful voice unites admirers.  When we hear these songs or your name, a collective sigh of remembrance is felt.A whole new generation of listeners is ready for your return.
Rich in rhythm with sophisticated instrumentation, the music of Jesus Pagan and his orchestra grabs you from the first measure and makes you want to get up and dance.  It is the music of celebration.  I first heard them live at a festival, and I immediately became a fan.
Beautiful music. The artist's guitar style flows in easily in a manner that compels you to listen to it over and over again.
Well, they might not be shaving yet and might not always hit the notes, but that is more than made up for by their enthusiasm and sincerity.  And the violin player is just great!  Check him out on El Fandanguito and La Malaguena.  A very authentic and enjoyable sound.  A definite thumbs up!
I have been searching for this type of music.  Very tropical and catchy sing-along tunes.  Great for your own island party or to (mentally) sweep you back to those wonderful Florida vacations. Have to also give credit to the background music on this CD - love it!
A good blend of Latin pop music with a good arrangement of songs, including one with a female vocalist and another one combination of Spanish and Hebrew. Gal Tamir is a very good singer and he prove it in this very good album.
Es curioso c&oacute;mo la vida nos va presentando los momentos que nos ayudan a crecer, a superar nuestros obst&aacute;culos, a entender nuestro lugar en un mundo que cada d&iacute;a nos distrae m&aacute;s de lo realmente importante.Mi ciudad anhelada es una perfecta combinaci&oacute;n de virtuosismo, armon&iacute;a y calidad sonora; creando ambientes que inspiran y sanan marcando tendencias del Indie/Rock Mexicano.Tropezar con este disco no ha sido una coincidencia
Carmen Amaya is well known to those who appreciate flamenco music and dance as one of the outstanding greats of the dance.  Listening is not as good as seeing and listening, but the listening is fine here.  The complex rhythms of the dance can be heard in the footwork of Ms. Amaya and the palmas (clapping) of the others in the group.  This is an older recording, but we are very lucky to have it.  There are some old movies of Ms. Amaya on U-tube worth seeing to see how the footwork is done.  Carmen Amaya is an amazing dancer and exponent of flamenco.  This album is worth buying.
If you like acoustic guitar, you'll be playing air guitar right along with this one!  I don't know the whole album but Hamaluna is a great tune.
I've been following Lali since her first album and I must say that I am blown away by this new production. I feel that Lali has returned to her roots with this CD. Some of the songs are reminiscent of her "De Mi Corazon" album which is one of my favorites. The opening song "Gran Amor" sets the stage for the rest of the album, and it just gets better with each song.  The songs "Me Amaste" and "Levanto Mi Voz," are Ranchero and Tex-Mex driven, and it feels authentic.  Lali gives us the perfect finishing touch with "Tus Suenos," a balada with a great Mariachi sound, and "No Puedo Vivir Sin Ti" which sounds very contemporary/latino to end the album on a perfect note.  I love all of Lali's music, but with this album Lali is definitely at the top of her game.
This is the first album, to my knowledge, comprised of songs that were COMPLETELY written and recorded by musicians in different parts of the world. The fact that no two people sat together to record/compose (or Kompoz as it were) these songs is a true testament to the power of the internet and modern recording.
We have witnessed the complete overvaluation of music in the 80's and 90's, when prepackaged pablum was all that was available through the retail outlets and FM radio. Then we witnessed the complete devaluation of music as a commodity with the advent of Napster and peer to peer file sharing.Now, I think, we are seeing a correction in this market, where the artists are happy to see their audience pay for their work in accordance with the value the audience places on the product. The public has vastly greater choices in the music they can experience, and finds the artist so much more accessible than at any time in the past.As a musician, I now see the reward in the process itself, not in any far sided chance of financial gain. I believe this is a true correction, and the righting of public perception to what music should have been all along. No longer can the industry build effective corrals in which to show the public that which they say is worthy of their money. Now it is just a matter of exposing this music through online music distributors, with the only requirement being that of the time it takes to listen. The financial reward is secondary, and this, I believe, corrects the focus of those who create the music. I believe this to be a cultural change. We are experiencing a total rethinking of music as product vs music as art.Venues like Kompoz.com are an integral part of this revolution. The quality of music on this cd is consistent, there is not just one or two good songs.. this is an extended cd with nothing short of stellar workmanship from conception to packaging. I too contributed to one track, and I am very grateful to be a part of it. Not because I am part of a commercially released cd. I am grateful to be a part of this revolution.
First, let me disclose that I am one of the musicians that performed on this CD.  I am also the producer.The music on this CD is truly unique.  It was created by 45 musicians, who have never met, brought together in the online world through Kompoz.com.  Working from all over the map, from the comfort of their home studios, these independent artists composed (we like to say "kompozed") and recorded these songs under the open collaborative licensing of the Creative Commons, inviting anyone to contribute to each and every song.For example, the song I contributed to is Track #11, titled "Down To The River".  On that song the drummer recorded his part in Kansas, the bass player in Stockholm, Sweden, the keyboard player Ohio, the singer in Chicago, and the lead guitar player in Miami, Florida.  Every song on this CD was created like that, with regular people from all over the world using the Internet to collaborate and create awesome new music!This is the future of music.
I particularly enjoy Afro-Cuban music, e.g. Chucho Valdes and his Irakere. Both of two of my favorite Latin musicians, Arturo Sandoval and Paquito D'Rivera, played with Chucho before emigrating to the U.S  (Arturo's movie, 'For Love or Country?).My numero uno performer, the late Tito Puente, and Poncho Sanchez and Afro-Cuban All-Stars are tops in my book.
I purchased this CD because I love the music of Lorenzo and the Sparx.  I would recommend this CD to everyone.  Great New Mexico music.
This is very enjoyable, very well done and a great addition to everyone's collection! I highly recommend it. Florin is a very talented musician.
This album is an interesting blend of flamenco, rock, and Indian sounds. The use of classical guitar, wah pedal, and a sitar hybrid guitar make this album very unique. As a musician I like to blend different styles together to create a new sound instead of the same old going through the motions. Next Tribe does this brilliantly by keeping each song a little different. A reverse effect is used in several of the songs to give them a nice airy vibe. Overall I would say this album is a hit.I stumbled upon this group by searching youtube.com to watch people play a rogue sitar hybrid guitar which I was considering buying. I saw Rob Mastrianni play a sitar hybrid with finesse and searched for any material I could find by him. It turns out he is the force behind the Next Tribe sound. This is a Brooklyn NY based band. I hope to hear more material from them in the future.ENJOY!
The songs are open and honest and come across as a sweet worship to God Himself. You can't help be feel that you are a part of something that is awesome and holy. His voice is clear and unpretentious. The music is a melody that strums the very strings of heaven and transcends time and space. The spirit is universal and refreshing. It's great to be let in to the worship experience by a singer who loves the creator and His creation. This album is one you want to hear when you want to think about how great God is and when you want to sing along and dance in His presence. Mary Ellen
When I first jump into this band I thought it was another kind of "usual type latino sound" but I was wrong, this guys really rocks! they have a very interesting sounds on its own! They put you to rock and dance at the same time! just check them out! and you will see i'm not wrong!Keep fusion on BarrioActivo!
Wonderful music.  Reminds me of a my fabulous Costa Rican vacation.  The red macaws and environmental noises at the beginning of the CD really set the mood.  Perfect listening with a slide show from the Osa Peninsular playing on the background.
Esta nueva propuesta del ex bajista de Caramelos de Cianuro es un excelente disco de pop rock, muy buena m&uacute;sica, buenas letras, melod&iacute;as pegajosas, lo recomiendo 100% si fuiste o eres fan&aacute;tico de Caramelos. Puro talento Venezolano !!!!
Excellent tango music by  small combo.  Tempos are appropriately varied and is especially nice for late night dancing with my Honey.
THIS GROUP IS SIMPLY FANTASTIC.AGAIN THE ALBUM LIKE THEIR OTHER CD ABRAZATE IS SIMPLY GREAT LATIN MUSIC.I HAVE EVERYTHING THEY PUT OUT SO FAR.VERY HIGHLY RECOMMENDED
A fine collection of important Flamencos from History.Sabicas displays a crusher technique and flamenco sound that is from the days of low action and gut strings,The tone and musicality is so much more flamenco from todays quasi -classical mincing. Macho y jondo
review from CD Roots: "The Nicaraguan singer presents the songs of Christmas she remembers from her home. Classics from Europe are intermingled with songs local to Nicaragua, Bolivia and elsewhere in the southern Americas. Recorded with Cuban musicians including guitarist Rey Guerra."
no, I am not a Mexican but I came to love Musica Nortena and narco coridos. I can speak Spanish quite well and for me this is an amazing combination of sadness and joy. This is one of my favorite albums.
My favorite Leo Dan hits are on this one.  The don't call it 'Lo Esencial' for nothing.  I was introduced to Leo Dan by a coworker years ago and have been a fan ever since.  What more to say?  The music speaks for itself.  This is a great collection in wonderful Hi-Fi sound.
How is it possible that it's 2012 and this album came out in 2008 and I'm the first to review this work of art. The album originally came out in 2007 as a limited independent release originally titled "El Teatro Del Absurdo". I immediately ordered it, as I do with everything Draco puts out. Draco has redefined what a song, or a pop song structure, is to a degree that only a few artists have achieved in their careers. I could go on for pages of how amazing he is, but I'll just stick to this album for now. This is arguably his crowning achievement. All of the songs flow seemlessly together to create an aural tapestry of a wide range of emotions and sounds. To label this album under a specific genre would definitely be a crime against humanity. From the first track to the last you are taken on a wide range of emotions which ultimately ends on a very beautiful and powerful message. But I'm not going to give a track-by-track breakdown of the album. If you have not yet had the pleasure of experiencing the sheer brilliance of Robi Draco Rosa, I strongly urge you to do so as soon as possible. In Spanish or in English, he has no equal. Trust me, I've looked.
I saw them live in Hollywood, CA.  This group sound as good live as they do on the album.  If you like Elvis Presley, or the Cumbia Kings, you are going to love the Moonlight Cruisers.
SWING TO THE BEAT, TAP YOUR FEET, CATCH SOME BEADS, CELEBRATE!I also bought TOUCAN SONG, by the same artist. Guitar MAGIC.  You've got to check it out.
I BOUGHT THIS ALBUM AND I HAVE BEEN HOOKED TO SNOWBOY AND THE LATIN SECTION EVER SINCE. I HAVE SINCE BOUGHT EVERY ALBUM THAT I COULD GET MY HANDS ON. I LOVE IT
Beautiful, simple melodies and delightful harmonies. Uplifting and relaxing at the same time! I highly recommend this album! Love it!
Por darnos otra opcion de escuchar musica en otro estilo. Me gusta este disco con un ritmo contagioso como la bachata.
He definitely is a christian encourager who let us know as christians who we are in Christ.  He lets us know not to forget the reason why we were chosen and we're foreigner in this earth.  I can see through his music his dedication and love for the Lord.
The CD Decada by Rene Gonzales is anDecada,  a CD by Rene Gonzales is a very anointed CD. With songs like My Iglesia and Despierta that make us realice that we have to live a holy life as Christians. I recommend this CD, buy it and you will be blessed.christiaanointed music
I am not to happy with how it downloaded some of the songs skip and some do not play at all. I bought this album only cause I have the actual CD at home and wanted to listen to it on my phone. The album itself is awesome.
If you go  back to the old school days of latin hip hop and reggaeton Mc Ceja was always one of the best but he never dissapoints and this cd is just another example of the lyrical capabilities he has from start to finish its non stop best tracks are #1 #2 #3 #6 #10 #11 #13 y para los q' hablan espanol este es un cd tremendo como siempre Mc Ceja demuestra sus capacidades liricales desde el comienzo pal final del cd no para y las canciones q mejor demuestran potencia lirical son las q puse unas lineas de letra arriba la numero 10 siendo my favorita de todas. NUMBER 10 is theBEST.
The artistry and excellence in song selection and performance is notable. Rafael's singing and guitar playing is first notch. His wide inclusion of musicians proof of his generous soul
I enjoy Lorenzo's music, I find it lively and relaxing after a hard day.
Greg Poree is gifted both at writing and performing jazz. His work is creative without being contrived and as a composer he understands how in jazz you have to balance the instruments but at the same time hear each voice. Poree's work is true to it's roots in classical jazz. Invention is a great album and so is Night before.
`Inventions' is Greg Por&eacute;e's musical vision. He contributed all 12 pieces and his guitar playing is always a factor, whether as as a solo voice or as an accompanist. Of his originals, several deserve to become standards. The emphasis is on strong melodies and melodic development, all of it performed with infectious rhythms, soulful phrasing and a strong musical purpose.A superior musician whose work on acoustic guitar is distinctive, versatile and inventive, Greg Por&eacute;e shows throughout `Inventions' why he is so highly respected by his fellow musicians. The music reflects his wide interests, mixing together jazz improvisation with the flavor of cultures from several countries, including Cuba, Argentina, Spain or France. Along the way, he plays a bit of funk, the blues "City Lights" and an adaptation of a classical piece by Johann Sebastian Bach that is called "Bach Minuet au Por&eacute;e." No matter what the instrumental  setting or genre, the soulful music always grooves while offering plenty of subtle surprises.Por&eacute;e is particularly generous in featuring his sidemen. Violinist Miguel Atwood Ferguson is showcased on the opening "Bring It On" Paul Cartwright takes several notable violin solos throughout the set, singer Frances Livings is a major asset on two songs, and other key musicians include Nick Ariondo on accordion, keyboardist Patrice Rushen, and saxophonists Zane Musa and Robert Kyle.A set that is beyond simple classification, Greg Por&eacute;e's Inventions is a memorable effort that is highly recommended to those who love melodic original music.Scott Yanow, author of ten books including "The Jazz Singers", "Bebop", "Jazz On Film and Jazz On Record 1917-76"
This is one of the best of the genere. A great samle of some of the best mariachi music. A must have.
Juan Moro's "Cinfusion" is a delight to listen to if you like flamenco guitar and appreciate the fine qualities of an expert and talented musician. What is particularly nice about the album is that it is well balanced, offering a variety of flamenco styles and songs, all performed in a superb fashion without flaws whatsoever. I have purchased it twice for myself; once as a cd and again online for my various newer ways of listening to music via my phone and Kindle Fire.I highly recommend it for yourself and as as a gift that will always delight, be appreciated --and you will also "quedar requete bien" with such as beautiful gift to someone who loves music and enjoys excellent quality flamenco, as performed by a dedicated professional and master of the guitar. Ole!
El mejor interprete del genero. Muy buena la produccion Peron muy dificil de superar al Mambo cibernetico. Richard Cepeda que Dios te bendiga y tira otra pronto.
This is the best merengue music with different rythms typical of dominican merengue. Most songs have become my favorites to sing along and to dance for cardio exercise.
Love it great for even dance music.  Downloaded for a party and everyone loved the music.  Would definitely recommend. Thanks
"Celebrando 20 A&ntilde;os" is the impressive new release from the San Francisco Bay Area based Salsa band known as Candela, led by Edgardo Camb&oacute;n. The core instrumentation is piano, bass, three trombones, conga drums, bongo drums, timbales and vocalists.  Their sound is characterized by energetic musical performances featuring great vocals unique to the genre, a solid rhythm section and powerful ensemble figures from the trombones.  Their music combines and integrates many Afro-Cuban styles including the Mambo, Cha-Cha-Ch&aacute;, Merengue, and Bolero.  The opener, "El Flaco" features a great piano rhythm, embellished by the fine percussion section and reinforced by superb vocals. Their sound is highly original, very infectious and extremely danceable.  For perfect examples of this, listen to the enthusiastic "Tumba, Timba y Tromb&oacute;n" which features a fabulous trombone solo and the lively "Yo Vine a Bailar La Salsa," which features outstanding vocal passages.  The spirited acoustic guitar work and female lead vocal on the smooth "Coraz&oacute;n" give this track a great brazilian flavor.  The impressive "Celebrando 20 A&ntilde;os" by Edgardo & Candela will have you dancing in no time and will be enjoyed by fans of Eddie Palmieri, Tito Puente, and Ray Barretto.[...]
Great Salsa Praise, by Puchi Colon. Really lifts your spirit up. Inspiring music. I would recommend this cd to all my friends.
Colombian singer..really nice!! I buy the cd and is excellent!! You will not regret it there's a really nice son "Ni te vistas que no vas" " Don't get dress, that u are not going" jajajaja.. she is learning portuges .. so in the future we will hear herfollow her @isamebarak (twitter)
Mike Porcel's fans have been wating for this long-due CD for years. A must for everyone who loves the music of this Cuban composer and singer, who mixes all kind of musical genres in his songs. His lyrics are also out of this world!!! They are in Spanish, but if you need a translation you can have it in his Website.Los fans de Mike Porcel hemos estado esperando este CD desde hace mucho tiempo. Este es un &aacute;lbum obligatorio para quienes aman la m&uacute;sica de este compositor y cantante cubano, que mezcla toda clase de g&eacute;neros musicales en sus canciones. Sus letras tambi&eacute;n son extraordinarias.
I have this Cd I remember when it first came out and I was loving it from the start. This CD is in Spanish it comes from a pentacostal ministry in Guatemala. I highly recomend listening to this CD it will make you feel your'e in heaven!
I grew up mwith Rojo.  I listen to it on my way to work.  It helps me deal with my long commute.
These singing affirmations are a great way to deal with the pressures and stresses of everyday life.  Fun and easy to practice.  They will help you in every kind of relationship -- work, family, romance -- and in dealing with your money problems.  There are even affirmations for the children in the family.  Everyone can benefit, whether they sing together or separately.  What a concept! What a great way to put into practice the Law of Attraction through music.
Great old praising album!, Im so happy that I found the mp3 download at Amazon.com I Was looking for it since sometime ago.
I recommend 100 percent, this guy is very talented, the music is wonderful, is a function different from the conventional
this cd is awsome  I realy deligth this exploration of sounds ,rhythms,but overall the guitar is full of inspiraion and I get diferent feelings from each song, this could be the future of the guitar music because is diferent of everything I've heardMaurizio.
I love Gilberto Santa Rosa.  He sings with a feeling that not everybody has.  His songs always reach my heart.  This CD is great.  I listen to the music in my car via IPOD and he calms my nerves when I'm in traffic.  I recommend to those who love sincer Salsa.
This might not be a fair review since he's one of my favorite performers. My only suggestion will beBuy itHear itLove it
Sin Duda Sin Paredes mejora con el tiempo.  Una banda que logre mantenerse vigente por ya 20 a&ntilde;os merece respeto en el medio.  Su m&aacute;s reciente producci&oacute;n es una genuina propuesta para que las j&oacute;venes generaciones escuchen m&uacute;sica bien producida y con tem&aacute;ticas que hacen pensar.M&aacute;s all&aacute; de su trayectoria este disco sabe mantenerse de pie, fue nominado a mejor producci&oacute;n rock del a&ntilde;o 2008 en su natal Costa Rica por la Asociaci&oacute;n Costarricense de Autores y Compositores Musicales.  Sin duda Sin Paredes producir&aacute; m&aacute;s clasicos de una banda que ha sabido ganarse el cari&ntilde;o y el apoyo de un exigente, pero fiel p&uacute;blico.Recomiendo este disco a quienes aman el hard rock y el metal quedar&aacute; m&aacute;s que satisfecho con esta producci&oacute;n.
I love and respect the scratchy faded old 1950's 60's Latin music, but to have the authentic sound and clean audio? Nice.
Finally Latin/ Tropical Music that takes some chances while respecting the traditions.A new voice has arrived!Roberto Gonzalez
Juan Martin is a noted figure in flamenco guitar education, but also a dynamic and virtuosic performer in the nuevo flamenco style, combining flamenco with modern jazz and Latin chords. But I find somewhat more of the traditional in his work than in the recent offerings of such major artists as Paco de Lucia and Tomatito. I like that. These live performances are creative, interesting and his technique is clean and powerful. The album features clapping, dancing, singing, all of which give it variety, flavor and a sense of live excitement. A good choice for the aficionado or the general listener.
I think that this CD has an excellent selection of songs. If you like Marta Gomez this and Canciones de Agua dulce are her best CDs. It is a great CD.
Por todos aquellos que hacen llegar a nuestros oidos la buena letra de la canciones de Marco Antonio Solis en un ritmo tan contagioso como lo es la bachata.
I've always been interested in Latin culture, so I've listened to many of the big spanish-speaking stars like Juanes, Laura Pausini, Shakira, Jesse y Joy, Nelly Furtado, etc. However, I really wanted to listen to Indie music as well, as I do with American songs. After searching endlessly for a long time, I finally chose this one, and it did not disappoint. Due to the lack of time, I won't be reviewing all the songs, but my favorites are: quiero que tu amor se vaya, me voy, como te digo, and salud.For fans of latin pop, this is an amazing choice. Filled with ballads, high energy pop songs, and everything in between, Como Te Digo truly is an infectious, well crafted album.
Me encanta el nuevo sonido Pop de este disco. Marger muestra su voz en su manera justa, no solo es una gran cantante, pero una gran actriz. La Venezolana ha incursionado en el teatro en los musicales Fama, y La Tiendita del Horror y fue estrella del show televisivo "Protagonistas" en un canal latino de Estados Unidos. Finalmente los fans tenemos un gran disco con muy buen material de la estrella de habla hispana.
This album really gets me through the day.  About 4 months ago my mother started complaining that I wasn't getting my chores done fast enough around the house (I'm 21 and living in my parent's closet under the basement stairs).  So, in need of motivation, I turned to the one culture that get chores done the fastest, MEXICANS!  My work productivity has increased "diez-fold" and my mother is happy.  The only negative effect from listening to this  album has been that my parents have cut my weekly allowance by 80% (hence the 4-stars).  On the plus side, only about 1 more month until I've finally worked off the debt from buying this album!
I love this collection by Alabina. The beats are lively and one can't sit still when it is heard. If you are in a bad mood, play this album because I promise you can't stay in that place for long once you hear the catchy riffs and the driving, sulty beats. Having been a belly dancer, I love the melding of the Latin with the definite Arabian influence. It is one of my favorites. I just want to get up and dance. Thank you ALABINA!
"Chico Buarque & Ennio Morricone"---------------------------------------------This is a reissue of the 1970 album "Per Un Pugno Di Samba," which Brazilian MPB superstar Chico Buarque recorded during a brief European exile in the early years of the dictatorship that ran Brazil until the early 1980s. Here, Buarque collaborates with legendary Italian bandleader-arranger Ennio Morricone; the results are quite nice. Buarque, who grew up in Italy for part of his childhood, speaks fluent Italian and the translations of his Portuguese-language compositions stand up quite nicely in Italian. Definitely worth checking out!  (DJ Joe Sixpack, Slipcue Guide To Brazilian Music)
It's difficult to get his CD, but you can download through AMAZON.COM.Columbian Friend told me his songs are very nice when I was learning SPANISH.I like his songs as soon as I listened to them.In the Album, there's some hits songs following below,"TU""UN POCO MAS""TE DOY MI VIDA""AY DOCTOR""TE SUENO"I think this is best at this time.
all the versions are just a riot.  keep it up mp3 iTunes great to have most songs available now that all the record stores are gone!! :O(
I've been waiting for him to come out with a cd! I loved all his work on other artist's track and various artists cds and i just kept thinking how much better it would be if he came out with his own cd! Love it love it love it!
A great disc that will make you move and have fun. Nice songs to take your spirit up. I never miss it in my play list when going out running.
I enjoyed this record, great tangos and excellent recording. Most of the tracks are from the best tango from the classical time.
Alex Torres and his Latin Orchestra will make you sweat in a blizzard. Their beats are on fire. The horn section will have the hairs on your neck standing straight up. They sizzle and they tickle, then they pick you up never letting you down. You will sway back and forth long after the music stops. These folks hold down the best latin rhythms you'll find here in the US. World Class - you've got to love them. More amazingly... they're accessible and make themselves available to perform. And whatta show!
A fun to listen to collection of Mexican music. The price was right, the selection was well varied. Puts me in the mood to go out for Mexican dinner.
As one might expect, these are tangos with dark mood and theme.  Excellent instruments and vocals.The album starts with a cover of one Leonard Cohen's best songs.
Fabulous cd.Every track is a gem to listen ,if your a Santana fan do not hesitate it will bring you back to the 3 first album,Santanaatis best.
This CD shows us the great music that Gregg Rolie presents to us.  Greg is by far vastly underappreciated as an artist.  When people think of Santana, all they think of is Carlos.  Without Greg there may not have been a Carlos, in many wsys Greg's foresight in music has led us to many great songs generated by Santana.  In this CD the Greg Rolie band is one to be reckoned with, it has outstanding vocals and keyboards, great guitar work, and percussion that can equal if not best the line-up in the current Santana band.  With Michael Carabello (an original Santana member) leading the way and following and leading as well Adrian Areas (son of Chepito, also an original member of Santana).  I highly recommend this CD to anyone who enjoys rock music powered by outstanding percussion.  Thank you Greg Rolie!
For fans of Santana and Gregg Rolie this is an immediate crowd pleaser.  This album gets you going from the opening track 'Jingo' and keeps you going through all 12 tracks.  Gregg and band do a spectacular job with all the songs and you won't be disappointed.  While Gregg has released solo efforts through the years, his most notable effort came in the form of the band Journey.  But after he left and adventured out with 'The Storm' the premise of this album is where Gregg shines and with prior solo releases is where he has tried to stay at.  A much under appreciated vocalist and keyboard player he rocks out on this live release.  I still consider his work with Journey some of the band's best music, regardless of popular opinion.  Their first three albums, musically are far superior to future releases with the exception of 'Infinity' where the album was mostly written before Perry came on board.  Gregg Rolie has a unique voice and I was happy to see a live release from him with solo and Santana hits.  Maybe he is an acquired taste, but once you listen you do get hooked.
BUT THIS............NOW!!!! GREGG'S VOICE IS SMOOTH, HAMMOND B3 ORGAN ON FIRE, CURT GRIFFEY'S GUITAR WILL MAKE YOU SAY.....SANTANA......WHO????..........THE PERCUSSION IS TOP RATE .........IF YOU LOVED SANTANA......BUY THIS..........PLUS....YOU GET AN UPDATED VERSION OF CLASSICS LIVE.....ALONG WITH SWEET SOLO MATERIAL................"GIVE IT TO ME".....TURN IT UPSIRGARYNEWTON
Gergg Rolie has always been the voice of "The Santana sound" & The creative force behind Journey (Long before Steve Perry took the limelight.)A very strong pedigree: Michael Carabello (congas) late of Santana, Jazz journeyman Alphonso Johnson (Bass) with a discography that reads like a who's who of fusion, sprinkle in Wally Minko (keyboards)veteran of Jean-Luc Ponty and veteran players, Ron Wikso (drums), Adrian Areas (timbalas) and an absolutely stellar unknown guitarist Kurt Griffey and you have a live killer lineup that rips the roof off the venue. I read that it was recorded at Sturgis and released in 2009, you will not find a better live example of the "classic Santana sound" anywhere, (and I mean anywhere). I was a bit reluctant when I saw this. As often these retro / repackaging bands have a tendency to fall way short of expectations, (especially when you've got huge shoes to fill). That is Not the case here. These cats rip it up and leave you wanting for more, lots more! An absolutely brilliant performance, tight, smokin' hot and a steal at whatever price you can find it at. I cannot give this a high enough rating. Gregg still has the pipes and this is an amazing band. Do yourself a favor & grab this up. It is wonderful..... and PLAY IT LOUD!
Smokin Hot!!! Rolie Band at their best. I was lucky enough to get to see them if you get the chance GO!!. This is a must for any fan of Gregg Rolie and/or the Santana sound genre. My only complaint, should have had about 600 more hours of music. Keith.
The cd Rain Dance Live by the Greg Rolie Band has got to make it into anyones collection of greatest cds of all time. From the first track to the last its soul moving and reviting. The amount of blood sweat and tears the band puts out at every concert is acctualy captured on plastic. Close your eyes and bingo, your in the front row of the concert that forever changes you idea of that special concert that you wanted to keep in your memory bank. You know can have that memory every time you play it.
Not going to waste words...Rain Dance is simply one of the best live recordings ever made, both in performance and sonics.  On very rare occasions does there come along a live performance that all at once causes you to think you're hearing the original band (Santana) and the new band (Gregg Rolie Band); but then, in even rarer occasions comes the few that cause you to think that in both the tunes re-visited, and the tunes that the original band never did, and all at the same time.  Now, what's clearly amazing is that all of this is accomplished without one bit of re-hash.Of course, this is all helped by the fact that Gregg is the original keyboardist and vocalist for Santana. He has proven (without trying to do so) that when he and Neal Schon left Santana to begin Journey that they had no lack of talent, and also the same for Gregg leaving Journey himself.  Gregg's voice is still missed in Journey, but to hear him here is a rare treat. This piece is literally one you will play over and over.  In a word? Infectious!This all is helped along by a performance that is nothing short of astounding and impeccably true to the source, but not without it's improv.  No musician is outclassed in this band of equals, and all are masters. However, when you add that the sound is absolutely immaculate, with perfect band to crowd balance, but not without the edge that made Santana what it was in it's heyday, the whole thing not only just comes alive, but makes you feel you are actually right there at the concert.  This is the most rare feat of all.  So few live albums accomplish just this one thing, but add to that all of the above, and this is nothing short of desert island fare. If you like Santana at all, or have heard and like Gregg's solo album 'Roots', you will be selling yourself short not to get this...it is THAT good!
I always thought that Gregg Rolie was by far the best vocalist that Sanatna ever had and always loved his organ playing.  You get both here and the guitar player is as good as Carlos on the old Santana songs.  This is awesome and REALLY ROCKS!!!  Highly recommended!
I have always maintained that the first three Santana Albums were the best of the band's long and varied offerings. As far as I am concerned they rank one Abraxas, two Santana(3),and three Santana(1). Number four is the CD Abraxas Pool. Yes I know number four is not a Santana effort technically; however musically it is the long awaited fourth album that we fans of the early Santana band waited for and anticipated as what we got was long line of jazz fusion, top forty pop, and collaborations that marked the balance of Carlos Santana's career. Good as they were: something was just not there. At one time we had Santana Albums and we had Carlos Santana Albums and there was a difference. That distinction got lost and now Santana the band is Santana the man.Please don't get me wrong I am a Santana fan but the first three albums vs the rest were no comparison as far as I was concerned and I longed for the band that gave us those sounds. Abraxas Pool gave me that long awaited return to that sound. Mostly new material it was the Santana Album I had anticipated even though Carlos was not a part of the group. I realized then what was missing from the group Santana - GREG ROLIE!This live CD, not by Santana, not by Abraxas Pool, but by the Greg Rolie Band is final proof that although Carlos is still one of the best guitarists in the world and, in my opinion,peerless,it is Greg Rolie who is the driving force behind the music I love.Kurt Griffey is no Carlos Santana, neither is he Neal Schon, but he is VERY good as is the rest of this band. This is the music I love sung by the voice who epitomizes it.This is the voice of Santana the way you remember it, the way it was meant to be, the way I love it.Long live Greg Rolie, the most under rated rock and roll star!
I've been a Gregg Rolie Band fan since I saw him live back 2002! This one has been a LONG time coming, since his last effort is from 2001 (Roots). I immediately came here when I saw this release on Gregg's website, for $8.99 it's a steal. They are one great live band, and should not be missed, if they're in your area. They bill themselves as "Santana Live! - the way you remember it", that about sums it up here! This is also an excellent way to jam out to celebrate the 40th anniversary of Woodstock, seeing two members of GRB actually played there! I've heard this is from a 2007 show from Sturgis, and even better news, that it will be released on DVD as well. Do yourself a favor, and buy that, too! You will NOT be disappointed!
If your a fan of Greg Rollie's solo albums and his work with Santana and the short lived band Abraxas Pool this album is for you. This album features incendiary remakes of classic Santana tunes, solo album songs and two new songs previously unreleased. The sound quality is good and the perfornaces are inspired.
I got to meet Gregg Rolie when he performed at Virginia Beach.  Signed my shirt, and a ton of albums for the man next to me.  He's a remarkable musician & also a nice guy.  This cd is a mix of new songs and classics.  It's great.  My son, about to be a music major at university where his dad teaches percussion loves it.  Amazing group of musicians with serious talent.
Gregg's voice still there.  Great band - hear old Santana songs plus solo work.  Very enjoyable plus it is a good live recording which shows the musicianship.
Having seen GRB live a couple of times, I have to say that this CD is the next best thing to being there. This group is so tight musically that you would think that the album had been done in a studio, but no, this is a live performance. Normally I do not care for live albums because the sound quality and distractions from the crowds ruin it, but not here. You will LOVE this album!
South Central Skankers have a great sound and tons of energy, which were what lead me to download this album after hearing samples of all the songs. This album doesn't disappoint. At first I was reminded of their fellow Californians, Voodoo Glow Skulls. The bands share a hectic yet organized sound that gets you moving with the huge-sounding brass section. After listening to the whole album I can say that there isn't a bad song on it. This is one of the best skacore albums I've heard in a long time and high recommend purchasing it.
Realy enjoy this album. I listen to it all day. Can't wait to see these cats out in LA. Hopefully in July 2013. Gracias. :)
Really reminds me of my last trip to the Balearic Islands in Spain!By the way - for all who love Italy: "Dolomiti Super Chill",another great compilation Series from Italy!
12 years ago VOSS made a decision to relocate to Seville, Spain and put down roots. Life in the Andalucian capital - heart-land of flamenco - has clearly had its musical influence on him and his playing. This collection of songs, musical ventures with musicians from the region he has met and worked with over the years, is the fruit of these influences. Predominantly acoustic throughout, VOSS is accompanied by renowned flamenco guitarists Jose Antonio Rodriguez ( Alejandro Sanz), Manolo Franco, flamenco fusion pioneer Luis Moreno (Alameda), Flamenco piano player Alberto Miras and DJ Ismael
This 1989 Eddie Palmieri release on Intuition Records (a German label) is in my opinion his LAST GREAT recording before he would dip down into what would have been THE WORST decade of his career, the 1990's with the late Ralph Mercado's RMM label!...In this recording, Eddie REALLY OUTDID himself with tunes that despite being mostly remakes, have an extra interest for the listener as they feature not only an intense, highly rhythmic and robust sound but also a frenetic and even psychedelic feel to them!...There is DEFINITELY some sort of anger and rage throughout the songs of this album which makes it even more exciting for me!...Whether you're looking for the big dance party or for a late night's listening with your favourite substance (in my case good alcohol) this will also do! There's definitely enough excitement in here for that, and also for the music listener with HIGHLY SUCCESSFUL instrumental passages of which song.3 best exemplifies that.The album begins with one of his "inspired" Piano playing introductions which often showcase his madder and more psychedelic side, as well as his ego...Concerning the track, it isn't unpleasant from time to time, but an extra music tune would always have been a better option...Now, with 2.Az&uacute;car, we really begin the album with a version that I prefer to the original one from his 1965 album `Az&uacute;car Pa'T&iacute;'.This updated version is MUCH MORE MODERN (IN A GOOD WAY) and features a more concentrated, intense, and robust N.Y. Salsa sound with a swingier rhythm and a crazier feel compared to the original one which was more "Charanga/Pachanga-ish" in sound and a bit more basic, in comparison.This version's format is also bigger and different with 2 Trumpets/3 Violins instead of the 2-Trombone line-up he used to have in the 60's, and for what concerns his FAMOUS 2-hand Piano solo, it is certainly less modest, more complex, more technical, more "far-fetched" and also jazzier than the original one.A "SCREAMING" style of Jazzy Alto Sax. solo by David Sanborn then comes in giving a feel of madness, pain and sufferance just like the one from his CRAZY instrumental free-style version of Cobarde from 1975's `Unfinished Masterpiece'...I would also like to say that Luis Verg&aacute;ra's vocals (in MY opinion) are more noteworthy than Ismael Quintana's on the original, and that this whole band did a TREMENDOUS and OUTSTANDING job on this BRILLIANT version...3.Just a Little Dream is a SUPERB instrumental Jazzy Latin tune.It features a BRILLIANT, UNIQUE and ORIGINAL Piano Mont&uacute;no pattern by Eddie for a long and instrumental part featuring some SUPERB Jazzy Violin soloing by Shiro Sadamura, some intense Jazzy Trumpet soloing by Brian Lynch, and some technical Timbale soloing by Charles Cotto!...We then get a very welcomed bonus follow-up to the tune with the partitions from his final part of `Pa'Huel&eacute;' (which he previously recorded in 1969 on his album `Superimposition' and on his live 1971 recording: `& Friends At The University of Puerto Rico').The difference here is that instead of vocals, we get a NICE musical passage with the same arrangements and a Cuban sounding style of Trumpet solo by Brian Lynch wrapping the tune up in beauty!...The other impressive thing apart from the brilliant musicianship, is the way that Eddie Palmieriholds and drives the whole band on his own with his Piano on this EXCEPTIONAL instrumental tune that only TRUE music listeners WILL appreciate!...His version of 4.Cobarde doesn't fall short either, and features a TOTALLY different style of musicality that has NOTHING to do with his CRAZY instrumental free-style version of Cobarde which I already mentioned.We still get a VERY LIVELY and EXCITING tune FULL of energy and intensity featuring another truly SUPERB Eddie Palmieri Piano Mont&uacute;no pattern in the middle to back up Francisco Aguabella's Conga-drum solo!...To top it off, we then get a SUPERB instrumental passage with EXCELLENT Violin and Trumpet solos by Shiro Sadamura and Bryan Lynch, and Luis Verg&aacute;ra's EVER INSPIRED vocals to wrap the tune up!...(A TRULY AMAZING and THRILLING tune!...)5.Humpty Dumpty, which is a famous American kid's song, is a TOTALLY POINTLESS tune!It is interpreted in a Latin Disco/Rock mode with Victoria Webb (a Tina Turner-ish type of singer who probably doesn't speak Spanish) along with the Drums & Cymbals and some USELESS Electric-Guitars that are TOTALLY out of place!...The 2nd part doesn't get much better with a Piano Mont&uacute;no that isn't different enough, swingier or better IN ANY WAY than the one from his previous tune Cobarde!...6.Verdict on Judge Street is another only-piano playing track where he took some bits from the beginning of his original version from his 1969 album `Justicia' and incorporated them in here...The original version was an AWKWARD 11.15 min Jazz tune with REPETITIVE Piano & Cymbal playing, and this is an only-piano version that also features (for me) a "silly" part in the 2nd min that makes me smile a bit...For the album's ending, we get another VERY WORTHY track which is: 7.La libertad/Comparsa.He extended the 1st part of his politically rebellious tune Revolt/La Libertad Logico (from his 1971 album `Vamonos Pa'l Monte') and then added a new "Comp&aacute;rsa" (Afro-Cuban rhythm of Conga) part for what becomes a SCINTILLATING fast-paced rhythmic tune featuring ANOTHER BRILLIANT Eddie Palmieri SHOWCASE on Piano!...Afterwards, we get GREAT "theme" horn arrangements to the tune with the percussionists taking solos on their own in between the musical passages before the Trumpets and Violin come back for soloing too!...Basically, a REAL MUSICAL SHOWCASE of a tune where Eddie Palmieri adds a further touch on Piano just before the ending!...Total play-time: 43.49 mins. You could exclude songs 1, 5 & 6 and you'd still get 32.56 mins of SUPERB music! (G.V.F.M!!!)[The original Vinyl + the 2001 edition of this Cd both feature a SUPERB sound quality! I don't know about other editions].
Esta cantante compositora, Paulina Aguirre, din&aacute;micamente expresa el amor y el esp&iacute;ritu de la gracia salvadora de Dios a trav&eacute;s de sus maravillosas canciones que esta canta desde su coraz&oacute;n. Su m&uacute;sica es muy dulce, probablemente, el sonido m&aacute;s fresco en la m&uacute;sica cristiana de hoy y sus ritmos son tanto tradicionales como contempor&aacute;neas. El t&iacute;tulo de la canci&oacute;n se escapa de las profundidades de su ser y ella canta la canci&oacute;n de nuestro coraz&oacute;n al Se&ntilde;or. El d&uacute;o con Manzanaro es una inspiraci&oacute;n y edificante la mejor canci&oacute;n que he escuchado cantar Manzanaro. Espero que su inclusi&oacute;n en este trabajo atraiga la atenci&oacute;n del p&uacute;blico que no han escuchado antes m&uacute;sica cristiana en espa&ntilde;ol y tambi&eacute;n mostrar&aacute; Manzanaro como Cristiano. Los &aacute;lbumes de Paulina son maravillosos y las expresiones contempor&aacute;neas del amor de Jesucristo y los hombres y mujeres de feEste compositor, cantante din&aacute;micamente expresa el amor y el esp&iacute;ritu de la gracia salvadora de Dios a trav&eacute;s de sus maravillosas canciones que cantan desde el coraz&oacute;n. Su m&uacute;sica es muy dulce, probablemente, el sonido m&aacute;s fresco en la m&uacute;sica cristiana de hoy y sus ritmos son tanto tradicionales como contempor&aacute;neas. El t&iacute;tulo de la canci&oacute;n "Esperando tu Voz" se escapa de las profundidades de su ser y ella canta la canci&oacute;n de nuestro coraz&oacute;n al Se&ntilde;or. El d&uacute;o con Manzanaro (Cuando me vaya de aqui" es una inspiraci&oacute;n y edificante la mejor canci&oacute;n que he escuchado cantar Manzanaro. Espero que su inclusi&oacute;n en este trabajo atraiga la atenci&oacute;n del todo p&uacute;blico  hispano que no han escuchado antes m&uacute;sica cristiana en espa&ntilde;ol y tambi&eacute;n mostrar&aacute; Manzanaro como Cristiano. Cada uno de las canciones de Paulina en los album "Esperando Tu Voz" y "Mujer de Fe" son maravillosos y las mejores expresiones contempor&aacute;neas del amor de Jesucristo y los hombres y mujeres de fe
Exactly what the title says, brought some great memories. AAAAA++++++ took me back to Colombia a must for ballenato lovers .
This is a fun and easy way to introduce & learn Spanish.  All of the songs are very catchy and use a lot of repetition. My 4 1/2 year old is learning the songs and I'm teaching her the translations.  I like how clearly the lyrics are sung as well.  I would recommend using as much vocab from the songs in your everyday living.  I noticed that when I do that, she tends to remember the words a little better.  Great purchase!
i started teaching spanish in my preschool ages 2-4 and the kids absolutely love the music.  I've only introduced them to a few songs so far and the kids are already requesting them before I start class
This CD is FABULOUS! I ordered and recieved it right in time for a roadtrip. 5 hours roundtrip and the music was so fun to listen to that I never took it out of the player. As a matter of fact, almost a week later, I still haven't changed it.The music is upbeat and fun. The spanish is clearly spoken. The songs are terrific.I want to teach my toddler both english and spanish. I do not speak any spanish. I have read her spanish/english picture books since birth. We have several spanish DVDs that she(we) have watched since she was 9 months old. I interact with her in spanish as much as I have learned from those two sources. In just one weekend with En Mi Casa by SingaLingo, I have learned more spanish than the last 15 months with the books and DVDs.Another thing I love about this CD is that it is music with spanish words, as opposed to spanish music with spanish words. While I love spanish music, like any genre of music, I have to be in the mood to listen to that type of music. En Mi Casa is simply upbeat general music, perfect for any mood!I could go on and on...this CDs is fantastic. I wish they had more, I'd buy them all. I wish they had ones for adults for travel, I'd buy those too!
I bought this CD for my grand-niece, and she and I are having so much fun with it!  I studied Spanish as a kid, and I wish I'd had the benefit of being introduced to the language in this wonderful way.  I highly recommend it.
NIce songs, very  upbeat, my 8 year son (who is the beginning Spanish learner) sings them after a few times, and they stick to my head too. Music is cute, voice is very clear. Nice presentation, all texts are on the cover of the CD, very convenient. Good beginner resource - highly recommend!
I love this CD. I know a few words of Spanish & the CD comes with a helpful insert that has the words in Spanish & English directly alongside. This makes it easier to learn & to sing to.I think I enjoy this more than the baby! Highly recommended.
These are enjoyable songs that are easy to sing along with, with your kids - especially if you want them to retain their Spanish when they start going to school.
The first song, In the Morning, is happy, uplifting and practical. Not only are concepts of washing hands, getting dressed, eating breakfast etc... important to reinforce, but it frames the morning as a fun happy time within a structure.... And to gain a new language at the same time, through song is brilliant!! With additional songs such as Hello Friends, Mr. Sun, March and Start Dancing I sense the world is becoming a happier place one song at a time.
I've been a fan of Singalingo since they first started, and so have my kids.  Thanks to the CD and books, my kids are familiar with common Spanish words.  For me, it's been a refresher since high school Spanish.  Singalingo products make learning fun.  The music is upbeat and catchy.  In the car and in the kitchen, it was number one on my kids' request list throughout their toddler and preschool years!
We purchased this CD for our one-year-old son.  He absolutely loves the music.  Also, the repetitive use of key Spanish words through the different songs allows for babies/toddlers/kids to learn new words quickly.  As a Spanish speaking parent, I find the CD an invaluable tool to help kids learn a new language through music.  My wife and I will be buying more Sing A Lingo products.  We like it so much that we have purchased several Sing A Lingo CDs to give away as party favors for our son's first birthday party!
One of the things I love in life is learning languages, so, on a recent trip to South Africa, I brought the CD to a cousin who has a three-year-old and a one-year-old.  This is what he wrote to me: I wanted to send a special thank you, in particular, for Bella's Spanish cd. She loves it! She is already singing senor sol in the car while Stirling claps his hands. We were actually trying to get to Spain for a holiday this Easter, which is not going to happen this year but when we go perhaps next year I am sure she will be able to order her own breakfast unassisted and demand better service at the hotel...Seeing how well the CD is facilitating language learning in my extended family brings an especial warmth to my heart!Fredia Woolf, Newton, MA
I am extremely impressed with this CD.  The songs are so much fun and you will find yourself singing them long after you hear the CD.  It is such a great way to learn Spanish and especially to teach kids Spanish.  The words are very practical such as "Wash your hands" (lava los manos) and I am hungry...etc.  You and your kids will learn a great basic and practical understanding of Spanish after hearing this CD.
Fun, great opportunities for dancing and acting out the songs, and the tunes are perfect for little (and old) ears. The only problem I have with it is that I can't get the tunes out of my head!
We love this CD. It's so fun to listen to and filled with tunes that work. My seven year old walks around sining the songs after we listen. What is better than that?Wonderful, fun, and super effective at having my girl learn the language. Well done!
We have been trying to get our kids interested in learning Spanish for some time. Joining language-learning and music is the perfect combination to get them interested and make it fun! We all listen to the CD in the car and sing along.The kids already know many of the songs are are now able to use their new words in other contexts (e.g., setting the table).  I only wish that we had something like this years ago when I was learning Spanish! I am giving the CD as a holiday present to all of my friends with young kids!
I have been trying to learn Spanish with my, now 2.5 year old daughter.  We have many DVD's and CD's.  This one was very good, the way the language is presented seems to have really sunk in well with both of us as I've noticed we are both improved; and also the tunes are enjoyable. She was so sweet trying to sing "Buenas Noches" to her doll.  Que bueno!  Este es muy divertido y las canciones son excelentes!  Aprendo mucho espanol. :)
I have been looking for spanish kids songs that we could sing along to and learn the language.  This disc repeats phrases often, so its easy to learn the songs.  It includes themes of hygiene (i.e. &#34;Lava los manos/wash your hands&#34;) and manners (i.e. &#34;Pon la mesa/Set the table&#34;). One of my favorite parts is that it is easy to hear the words clearly spoken. I have been humming the &#34;Marcha, marcha&#34; song all day today :-).  I will definitely be looking for other CDs by these artists.
I teach preschool Spanish and the kids love Singalingo songs. The songs teach lots of common vocabulary and structures with enough repetition that my students learn the words easily. At the same time, the songs are so fun to sing that kids don't get tired of them. I know, because they ask for Marcha if I don't have it in my plan! Also, we always end with an art activity and several kids are usually singing Tengo dos manos or 1,2,3 as they work (I love it when preschoolers sing to themselves, especially when they do it in Spanish). I recommend this CD to the parents of my students. It's the perfect way to introduce kids to Spanish.
We are trying to be a bilingual household (husband grew up in bilingual household though we speak mostly english in ours). I'm the non-native speaker but minored in spanish in college, so it's important to me that our child grows up bilingual but also speaks proper spanish, not just spanglish! We're only about 6 months in but our child is already showing interest in music so I thought kid's songs in spanish would be a great way to start introducing spanish more into our everyday routine. I've picked up a few CDs that the music was either too fast, songs were too long, or the spanish wasn't easy to repeat. This CD is the opposite- the songs are catchy without being annoying, they are short enough to hold interest, have easy to sing along with melodies, and the spanish is very clear and easy to sing along with. In fact, after playing the CD only twice in the car while running errands, I already have several of the songs memorized enough to sing along to. The songs are also about everyday activities, like brushing your teeth, eating, getting dressed, etc. so it will be easy for me to sing them to our baby when we are doing those daily activities to help reinforce the spanish. I definitely recommend this to anyone wanting to introduce spanish to their child. would also be great in a preschool setting where spanish is part of the learning experience. We will definitely buy more spanish music cds from this company. Great job!
These up-beat songs feature practical words used in everyday life; the tunes are engaging and memorable.I love their website as well [...] which features ways to incorporate these songs and the Spanish words into daily activities.Their approach immerses kids (and their parents) into the Spanish language and makes it fun!
We are raising our son to be bilingual, and this CD has songs about everyday life.  The tunes are all pretty catchy, my son is only 6 months old but I put this CD on every day on the drive home from daycare.
I am a Pre-K through 5th grade Spanish teacher.  I am so happy to have purchased "Sing A Lingo!"  The songs are so fun to sing and the lyrics are easy for my youngest students to pick up.  They love to dance to the songs that teach greetings, verbs, and everyday actions.
I work with several classrooms that include many Spanish speaking students, and this CD has been very helpful to me, a non-Spanish speaker, in expanding my vocabulary! Music really is the way to learn, and these accessible, fun songs make it easy and fun. Nearly all the Spanish I know I've learned from music on CDs such as this one. Congrats to Sing-A-Lingo for a product that works and has lots of musical appeal to all ages. I look forward to more!
This is a great CD to use with young children, whether you are teaching language or just having fun!  The songs are simple, catchy and vibrant enough to get you up and moving.  A must for every early childhood classroom!
My daughter took classes with Pina and we use the cd at home.  Kids love it! Lots of fun!
This CD is fantastic! I am a first year Spanish teacher for Kindergarten through 8th grade and this CD covers topics that all different grades are going to be learning. I love how I can link my lessons to the music on this CD. The songs are catchy and easy to learn. The best part is that every song can include movements to even further the development of learning Spanish. I can't wait to use this CD in my classroom!
Listening, learning and singing along with Sing A Lingo put a big smile on my face and our son's too! The songs are about children's activities in everyday life and so much fun. I loved the creativity, joy and playful energy that pours out of every tune. Singing these songs with children is pure bliss. I highly recommended this innovative and award winning CD to bring Spanish into your lives at home and at school. We're going to take a copy along on our next trip to Costa Rica. Pura Vida!Dr. Maynard BrusmanPsychologist
I love this CD, such a great concept and so well done. I heard that they will be making a French CD in the future and I can't wait to get that one as well.
We drive 2 hours each way for visiting grandchildren - we love the Sing-A-Lingo "En Mi Casa" CD, all ages - Nana, Papa, Henry age 11, Thomas age 9 and Mimi age 6. The children sing along and act out the music in the car, correcting each other, laughing, and teaching us. We have two cars and the Sing-A-Lingo has to be in the travel car ( I should get two!) The voices are great, there is a joyous quality to the content and flow. I hope that this group does more.
I consider myself to be a demanding parent when it comes to quality education for my children, particularly with regards to learning Spanish.For that reason, when my children were younger I created my own class where kids could learn Spanish while also having fun.After extensive research of consisting of several countries, I found some good sources and great songs, including Sing alingo.SingaLingo Music is excellent and it helped me to have fun with my little ones.I read an old review indicating that the Spanish accent is not good. I strongly disagree, because the truth is that we all have different accents depending on where we are from, particularly countries like Spain, Mexico, Puerto Rico, etc.So for all these reasons,  I highly recommend Sing alingo.As a Spanish mom and educator I support and encourage others to stand together when it comes to help promote Spanish in this country.
We play this CD at lunchtime and my kids quiet right down and get in a happy mood with this upbeat music. They are learning the Spanish words and singing along (at age 2.5!). If you'd like a CD of that has a variety of catchy tunes to introduce your kids or yourself to Spanish, this is it! It's good fun.
This CD is a wonderful way to introduce children to Spanish! My 5 year old granddaughter has gotten some Spanish in her pre-school and loves singing along (and acting out) the songs on the CD. The energy and vibrancy of the language comes to life! Thanks for this terrific product! I'm going to more SingALingo CDs for other children on my holiday list.En Mi Casa
My son loves the songs on this CD. If you are an adult who wants to learn Spanish with your child listening to this CD is a great way to start.  The music is fun to sing along with and the lyrics are very clever.
Sing A Lingo is terrific. The music is delightful, spirited and joyful. The production quality is high which makes learning a new language this way fun and clear. I would highly recommend Sing A Lingo to anyone who wants their kids to have a great time while learning.
I highly recommend this CD for children and adults.  After playing it about 10 times my baby and I memorized a few songs.  We are able to use the sentences in our every day conversation.
Easy and fun songs to learn, comes with the english translation.  My son who is three enjoys dancing to the music.
I bought this product for our 6 year old daughter who wanted to learn some Spanish. It has very catchy tunes relating to everyday activities and has been very useful. I can recommend it. I visited the singalingo website and emailed the woman who made the CD for advice about teaching Spanish to our daughter. She responded straight away with useful tips.
En Mi Casa CDThis is a fantastic CD to give your children a bilingual advantage.I teach spanish at two different elementary schools and this I gladly recommend. I have tons of Spanish children's CDs and this is one of the BEST!!!The tunes are catchy, use everyday vocabulary, the tunes match the word...when singing about walking slowly the music is slow, when talking about going fast the words and music are fast, when refering to marching they use a marching tune with marching drums, very catchy.Sharonin the beautiful blue Ridge Mtns of Sapphire NC
The Sing-a-Lingo CD is great for teaching children Spanish!  Most of the songs are about everyday topics such as washing your hands or setting the table, and this is an excellent way to introduce common vocabulary words.  I love to sing the songs while my sons and I are actually doing the activities mentioned in the songs.  It reinforces the vocabulary in the music.  The connection to real world activities really helps in the learning of Spanish.  I am raising my sons to be bilingual and this CD is perfect for providing further exposure to the language.  My boys loved the music and ask to listen to this CD all the time.  This CD is also wonderful for students just starting to learn Spanish as well.  The words to all of the songs are provided in Spanish and English.  As a Spanish teacher, I will be using this CD in my classroom to help my students learn new vocabulary.  The songs are up-beat and fun, the Spanish is clear, and the vocabulary is pertinent to everyday life!  Have fun singing and learning with the music on the Sing-A-Lingo CD.
This is another she CD she will listen  to at home dance and sing with her little brother I would prefer this CD to anyone who is interested in Spanish music
Downloaded this for my 91 yr. old dad and he was overjoyed because it had all of his favorite songs all on one album.
You are lulled in right from the beginning. Every song is a hit! I can hardly wait for the next one!
Very cool CD to belly dance to. Would highly recommend to the fusion belly dancer. Most definitely worth the purchase!
This music was previously released to radio and TV stations for a yearly subscription fee.  I particularly lovethe song &#34;Frolic&#34;.  It was used as a theme to a movie program on WATV, Channel 13 in New York/New Jerseythroughout the 1950s.  It also was used occasionally during the WQXR radio morning program.
As soon as I saw the name Piazzolla in the tracklist, I knew this was going to be a serious release. Astor Piazzolla is considered the Miles Davis of Tango and he introduced that Argentinean type of music to the rest of the world.All the legends of tango are represented here from the early century, Carlos Gardel (the king of Buenos Aires club), to the Nuevo Tango (Post world war 2 tango) of Marconi, Alberto Garralda and the beautiful voices of Roberto Goyneche, Susana Lago...A nice touch is the presence of two tango hits: Vuelvo Al Sur and Adios Nonino. Honestly just for these two tracks, this is a worthwhile purchase.The sound quality is very good. So put on your dancing shoes, open a good bottle of wine and let your summer end with this beautiful music that unfortunately too many people are not familiar with.Thanks for this great offer.
I just recently got into tango, but don't have very much of the music of my own, so I was excited to find this deal! It has a lot of nice variety, and so far, I really love all the songs. Great for these last days of summer. Highly recommended!
This collection is definitely worth the money! It's something for the novice and the aficionado as well.It is a comprehensive collection of Argentinean Tango beginning with the mythical years of Carlos Gardel and evolving to the rebirth of "Nuevo Tango" with Astor Piazzolla.This collection also includes some of the best tango vocalists such as the unforgettable Roberto Goyeneche (Vuelvo al Sur is simply unbelievable!) and Susana Rinaldi.
This is a very nice collection, the combination of artist is making this album very special. I also really like that chance that I can listen from the cloud
I am rather new to tango music and have been wanting to expand my tango music collection beyond my "best of" CD I got at ralphs last year ;-)This is just perfect! Thanks Amazon! This is going to be a Tango weekend with redwine and cigar...
I absolutely love this music. It is a wonderful mix of cultures and takes me on an amazing journey every time I listen to it. It is quickly becoming a studio favorite to paint to.
Waldir Azevedo"Warner 25 Anos"(Warner Music, 2008)-------------------------------------This is an outstanding collection of vintage recordings from "choro" music pioneer Waldir Azevedo.  This includes some of his earliest hits, such as "Brasileirinho" and "Delicado," made for the Continental label back in the early 1950s.  If you want to hear this dynamic acoustic style at its best, this collection would be a fine place to start.  (DJ Joe Sixpack, Slipcue Guide To Brazilian Music)
Love the band, know them since 06 when they had their own tv show &#34;G&uuml;ag&uuml;arones S.A.&#34;, and they get this album out. An excellent upbeat happy and fun lyrics with sarcasm and intelligence.
This is one of my all time favorate albams.  Sandy has a real nice mix of Bachata, Merengue, Salsa. If is mostly Bachata and the song are well done beautiful music.  Listen to it and I think you will like it it is a steal for the price.
Escuche a Miguel Balboa en Radio Manantial (KVER, El Paso TX) y me llamo mucho la atencion su musica. Luego, en el servicio dominical en la iglesia tuvo una participacion en donde tuvo el carisma para involucrar a toda la congregacion. Compramos el disco y nos encanto! Mi familia y yo tenemos ya casi dos meses oyendo el disco bastante y estamos muy satisfechos. La musica es excelente y las letras te invitan a reflexionar. Recomiendo especialmente las canciones "Me falta corazon" y "Seguro". Estoy seguro que a traves de este disco Dios va a bendecir tu vida.
If you like salsa this is the one.  A perfect compilations of tunes; salsa music that will keep Salseras/Salseros dancing from beginning to end.
I saw this band last night and they are an energetic bunch. Their performance overflows with enthusiasm and interaction with their audience. No wonder these South Americans, who are based in Barcelona, have conquered the hearts and minds of the people of northern Europa and share a little of their warmth with us. I have no idea if this band is popular in the US, but the should be.Style is like Manu Chao, Babylon Circus to name a few. Enjoy!
Vida Mia is one of the best songs off of this album & I love the Tangos that are on this. I first heard the song on the film Burnt Money aka Plata Quemada about a 1950s money heist gone wrong. The sound track caught my ear  so I decided to check out the the song and the musician that made it. I was very pleased.
Is all I love grom modern Puerto Rico!!!!!! Im prety sure people will enjoy this song, krepsthat old christmas music but with a modrtn pop style sure you canfance this song
I bought this album when I was in Venezuela in the early 80s and it still ranks as one of my favorite Spanish albums of all time. Amanda's voice is amazing and this album is one of her finest moments.
I found out about Carlos Barbosa-Lima due to an available used guitar on the web created by Richard Prenkert of Sebastopol Calif. I learned that Lima was using and recording with Prenkert's guitar, and listened to cuts to determine if I like the sound. Well....duh.This is gorgeous guitar. IF you would like to listen to more of Carlos and less of other musicians, then I recommend his Siboney CD, of which I play a great deal. The tone alone will kill you. The selection of material on all of Lim'as recordings is gorgeous, and his playing of them usually becomes the definitive recording for me. Hendrik Meurkens is a great jazz harmonica player, with his own albums, and Duduka Da Fonseca, the drummer, also has his own excellent jazz/brazilian recordings, and is part of the famous Trio La Paz. So I say, check out different recordings by Barbosa-Lima, as they  re very different from each other. For the purists, I still go with Siboney...which is also called Mambo # FIve, and has Eddie Gomez on it also. I think sonically it is his best recording...you'd kill to have a guitar with that sound. I bought my used Prenkert guitar, and it is very close to that sound...I just don't have a recording studio to bring out the presence the recording has. THis is the kind of music one displays their Hi-Fi on for their friends...Wonderful music that does not date.
Hacia rato que bohemia suburbana to sacaba algo nuevo, pero valio la espera. es mas despacio que los albums anteriores pero eso no lo hace peor.los he escuchado desde que vivia en guatemala y esta banda es unos de mis mejores recuerdos de mi pais. Los quiero mucho bohemia! Espero que vengan pronto por los estados unidos. Algunas canciones que me gustan mas son:Serenidad (mi favorita)El DiabloCuesta RespirarRelajate MujerSigan adelante, no hay barreras que no se pueden romper. Sigan y sigan, por amor.
Just about anything these guys do is great, this album is no exception.  Anyone who knows and loves good Rock n' Roll should add this one to their collection.  They are the greatest Guatemalan band at all times, and a definate must for any true music fan.
I just heard Deborah at Sharesh David Tampa Florida. She was outstanding! She has a similar sound to Gloria Estefan's voice, she sounds excellent live. I was blessed by her personal testimony as well as her gifts of praising the Lord.
I recommended to all Salsa Dancers of the World! Listen and hear for yourself.Great songs, amazing arrangements and great orchestras.
I have had the pleasure of hearing not just these great new songs on this new album, but all other songs performed by this  STAR.  I have been following this talented charming young man, for several years.  I absolutely adore this artist.  His music fills  hearts with pure emotion. Anything that that this distingushed artist creates  will bring joy , I have no doubt that this artist will catipult in to stardom.  Give yourself the treat of buying his songs and let his voice take you on a superb journey of soul and heart.I know that the universe is putting everything in order for this artist , so that everyone can enjoy the sounds that no doubt God and angels united, to bring into reality  this magical star  shines NO MATTER WHAT.MEXY your mom is smiling from heaven and i am smiling here on earth. Continued blessing may your music reach every single corner of the planet.
This set of cds in one package has very good quality.  I used to have the LPs and had converted them to mp3s, until I found this set and ditched the old both the LP and mp3.
Wow - truly fabulous. An exquisite portrait of the dark side of Mexico. A fabulous combination of the modern sound of the likes of Portishead and the Smashing Pumpkins bumped up to 2010. Dark brooding romantic lyrics about something dismal - a lost love as far as I can tell on first impression with my meager but developing Spanish language skills. Anyways, big big round of applause for a great rock band from Mexico. I'm looking forward to more.Espangooglish:Wow - realmente fabuloso. Un retrato exquisito del lado oscuro de M&eacute;xico. Una fabulosa combinaci&oacute;n del sonido moderno de la talla de Portishead y The Smashing Pumpkins golpeado hasta 2010. Oscuro empollando letras rom&aacute;nticas de algo triste - un amor perdido en la medida que puedo decir sobre la primera impresi&oacute;n con mis escasos conocimientos de idiomas, pero el desarrollo espa&ntilde;ol. De todas formas, grandes y redondos gran aplauso para una gran banda de rock de M&eacute;xico. Tengo muchas ganas de m&aacute;s.
no problemas, rapido envio,producto intacto..muy confiable para comprar...acerca el cd..no hay palabras un disco bueno de principio a fin.i'm happy with it.
Work out to this music. Dance to this music. Clean the house to this music. It's great stuff worth listening to.
This is rocking Latin jazz with loads of energy. There are also songs on the album that are smooth and soothing. The entire album flows with genuine finesse and every song must have required numerous takes to get perfect recordings. A lot of energy went into making this album that delivers a lot of energy!The sound mixing is also top notch. Nothing is buried, and you can hear every instrument and excellent musicianship behind them.This album is a gem! If you like Latin, Caribbean music, then this album belongs in your collection. Some of the songs will stuck in your head, but what really matters is that the album's flow makes over forty-five minutes of listening pleasure. Buy it!p.s. One of the songs, "Cuba Te Llama" (Cuba calls you) appears in Kalypso Entertainment's PC game, Tropico 3.
Excellent- loved it!This is good church music for listening to durinig a fellowship moment - meal together- maybe dance a bit too!!
All the songs r good theres ones that ive never heard on the radio that are crazy ppl will be sure to ask u wat song is that when ur playin it in ur car. Cant wait for the 2nd &aacute;lbum
This is definitely one of the best spanish hip hop/reggaeton christian artist and this album has a variety of great beats, life changing lyrics and it is off the hook.  Must Buy!!
He has a lot to say--especially about the state of the world we live in today. Maybe if we listened it would be a better place.
Una Bendicion para nosotros, en verdad que Dios se Glorifica en sus hijos. Para los creyentes que les gusta esta musica, es de Gran Bendicion. Gracias mi Dios...
Deep and beautiful message with great music. God bless this kid and Amazon for having his music available at GREAT price
The music is great in this album. Not sure what they are saying because it's in Spanish but the musicians are really good. It has a smooth and relaxing feel to it.
The songs are great. It's evident that Tercera Persona are taking their style of bachatafurther and adding new twists; if you listen to latin music, you will definitely like this album.Este es un nuevo estilo de bachata a la bachata tradicional Dominicana, les recomiendo que escuchen este album porque esta nueva generacion les encantara.Yajhaira Rodriguez (Paterson, NJ, USA)http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B003D6OP18/ref=sr_1_album_1_rd?ie=UTF8&child;=B003D6J4J6&qid;=1271355670&sr;=1-1
Wow... I have been looking for a CD like this one for a while... Thank goodness I found it.  I will get to enjoy all these great songs in the salsa version... I highly recommend it for all you salseros out there!  Hope this review helped!
While listening at work, I get caught up in the praise and presence of God!!  Puchi is not only a Masterful Artist, he is also an anointed singer.
As a rule I don't usually like multiple guitars in a group as they tend to sound muddy and lack definition. This was an exception. Paco de Lucia is his usual brilliant self and is very well supported by Manolo San Lucar and Andres Batista. All in all a very enjoyable album. If you love Paco you will enjoy this. Buy it!!
I didn't know a lot of the songs by name, but as soon as I listened to a small passage I recognized all of them. The selection is really good, these are definitely some of the most popular vallenatos I've heard in the last 15 years. You might think some of the big names are missing, but that makes the selection even better, they didn't go just for 5 songs of each of the most popular singers. Don't waste your time listening to the samples, trust me, just buy it!
It is an amazing work of a young-lady that has conceived, composed and sung all this material in her sound lab. Her style has some tangents with Christina Aguilera for the issues in Spanish and the projection of pop-dance is comparable to  Rihanna and Lady Gaga.There is always pleasant surprises in the anonymous.But is only the principle. Her debut had an excellent start. Hopefully continue captivating an audience that already growing with her.
I just love it! I listen to it over and over and it makes me want to play metal licks.
Fey is a great singer. Most of her songs have a 90's freestyle vibe to them. Great spanish dance music though
Latino Tango is the best Tango I ever heard, and believe me, I  have heard plenty.(Of course, excellent performance)So, you do something for me: Find me the Music Sheet (Scores) for Latino Tango or whatever information thatcould lead me to find it such as The Publisher and address or Nicolas Massoutie's address.Eternally grateful!Accordionist
This is what tejano music was about in its heyday! Fantastic music from fantastic artists. The album could have included more songs and include a more variety of artists.
memory lane this is  awesome music makes me miss so much my roots will never forget the various artists that are on the music
I listen to this all the time.  It was just as good as I thought it would be.  I hope to find similar music to purchase!
Married 30 years to this great little latino so figured this would be a great deal for her. She loves her TexMex tejano music.  WQe even have relatives in Tejano bands.  She is born and raised here in Texas so you can't beat the Tex Mex music as far as she is concerned.
Este albun numero uno por Hernan Vargas esta fantastico, yo lo recomiendo a todos amantes de la buena musica.
Great music. It gets me feeling better when I am doubtful or feeling emotionally crappy. I recommend it to everyone.
What an amazing voice , I really missed hearing Lizza's voice for a long time and now finding and listening to this new CD brings me more than just her voice, great hope and inspiration. I have the hard copy, great presentation but I will download the digital one as well. Thank you Lizza.
Daughter of Manuel de los Santos Pastor "El Agujetas", Dolores Agujetas performs flamenco with the traditional, raw gypsy style of her father and grandfather. She made her debut accompanied by the brilliant guitarist Parrilla de Jerez, who also plays on this recording, issued in 2004. She sings with classic strained voice that evokes suffering and deep emotions. Admittedly, it takes some time to adjust to the roughness and to focus on the feeling. [Remember the first time you heard Bob Dylan sing?] Jerez de la Frontera is home of the siguiriya and sole&aacute;, which are well represented on the album, along with taranto, buler&iacute;a, tiento-tango, and a fandango. The final track is a live recordings from a concert. With nearly an hour of deep flamenco, the Andalusian spirit comes alive. If flamenco nuevo leaves you a little cold or you seek something stronger in flamenco, consider this excellent example.
Dulces Pesadillas does it again, this time delivering five incredibly revealing songs that showcase the evolution of the group up to this point in time.Beginning with Eres la Cancion and No Me Digas que No, these songs flow exceptionally well from their previous, unpublished work of the mid-90s...almost as if to invite us back to their musical ethos in case we have forgotten them or need a reminder on why their songs have stayed with us since the beginning.Renacer, the namesake song of the EP, constitutes the departure point from the past for this talented group and sets them in their new musical direction. Although the song has a familiar feeling thanks to Vocalist Oscar Gell's channeling of love, pain and longing through his voice, the group's creative process is perceived through the more sophisticated and wholesome musical arrangement that feels and sound more elaborate than what three more musicians can produce.The last two songs of the EP, "Solo Tu" y "Un Dia Mas" elevate the group to new heights and will undoubtedly engage new audiences with this formidable group of musicians. Truth be told, this group is here to stay!
Very nice music.  There are some very traditional songs in this collection.  I recommend it to anyone wanting to hear Veracruzano music!
I ACTUALLY NEVER HEARD OF THIS BAND BUT I GAVE IT A TRY AND I WAS NOT DISAPPOINTED.IT'S SOME SLAMMIN' SALSA,I WISH THEY HAD MORE ALBUMS.I WOULD RECOMMEND THIS TO ANYONE
It was a birthday  gift for my Husband and what a surprise it was, He sure loved the cd I was really happy it came on time. :) He loves underground oldies if you know of any please drop me a line. Thank You Aggie
Very satisfied. With my purchase thank you my hubby was  super happy with this cd. I will be back for more!
these are the type of oldies I like to listen too, also they are clean, are nice beat to them it reminds me of the young old days of my time...
Classic songs from a bygone era, if you grew up in SF or northern Cali and know about the lowrider scene in northern  Cali, its a must have. Has great bay area artist like Malo.
BEEN WANTING TO BUY THIS SOUND TRACK SINCE BACK IN DA DAY!!GLAD I WAS ABLE TO FIND IT ON AMAZON!!!GREAT CD TO ADD TO YOUR OLDIES COLLECTION!!!!
The music from "Songs From La Mission" is a beautiful work from various extraordinary latin artists and other musicians. The songs are luscious with its latin vibes and soulful connection to Rhythm and Blues. The compositions and arrangements have beautiful romantic harmonies and wonderful instrumental accompaniments. I've played the CD over and over again and will never tire of it. I think I'll brush up on my spanish to get an even more meaningful experience from the songs from La Mission. Thanks to all who were involved in putting such a project together.
This album has an old fashion do-wop style that is old but modern...The song are very positive portrail of the Latin experience....I found it inspiring, romantic, soulful...Thank you for this beautiful album
Wow !!!  The music of this film brings back memories of my youth.  The music takes me back to a time when my friends and I would listen to bands such as El Chicano, Malo, War, Santana, Curtis Mayfield, Three Dog Night, the James Gang, Grand funk Railroad, and the Rolling Stones.  I hate to be bias in my taste for music, but this was an era when everybody listened to soul, R&B, funk,and Rock music as if it were all the same type of music. No boundaries at all, until the rich business men decided to segregate the music in order to enrich themselves with more money in their pockets. Now a days you don't hear the soul or the R&B influence in Rock music anymore. The elements or the roots of what made music great are no longer found. It has turned corporate and sterile. Thank God I grew up in this era, and know what it was like.
Great Music ... Oldies R&B ... But not all the music from the movie is on here ... wish they would have released a complete soundtrack like the music in the movie .. but still this cd was worth the price
I can't begin to divulge the imagery this music invokes.  I'm an African american male who grew up in The (La) Mission District (as well as the Outer Mission - Excelsior District).  Can you say: El Chicano! I had practically all their albums  and a host of other melodious tunes representative of that scene.  From the 24th Street to the 16th Street BART Stations, I can still breathe the life of the vibrant Mission even after many years past, now living in here in Texas (Houston).  "In Che's Garage" is so reminiscent of El Chicano and "Son de La Mission" resonates Santana in the deepest of my memories.  This music had no boundaries and transcended ethnic/racial enclaves.  "Songs From La Mission" scores high on my gage of musicality.
love them so much i want to more of there music it is relaxing and mothing make more guys hug
This movie is not your typical gang violent movie but instead is about brotherhood, family and friends who come together to enjoy &#34;their style.&#34; Cars and cruising the streets.....not for getting into trouble but to show what they have done in a constructive way and with some of the most awesome cars you will see anywhere.Its about pride... the kind of pride you get when you do your best at something your good at. In this movie it's about the cars and friendly, sensible competition.It is a good movie. I would recommend.
This has got to be one of the best CD's I've heard in a while and believe me I'm listening to music all the time.The movie is good but the music made it better. While I was watching the movie I kept hearing one song after the other saying,"Damn I NEED this soundtrack". The last movie soundtrack I said that about was Dead Presidents. One of the things I like about the songs is that a few of them sound like sequels to oldies.My favorite songs on the cd are1."Why Do I Wait For You". That's any easy one. Billy Stewart's "Sitting in the Park".2."I Just Want To Be With You" sounds like "You beat me to the punch" Mary Wells and/or Gene Chandlers "You threw a lucky punch".3."Your Love Is A Good Thing" starts off like "I want you back". The fact that Don Julian and the Meadowlarks are not on the track doesn't hurt it all.4. "In Che's Garage". Thats like a nice instrumental of Ralphie Pagan's version of "Make It With You".5. "Be Thankful" Two new versions of this song. Both got my dads approval.He is a big fan of William DeVaughn's original version6. "Porque Te Quiero" is very nice song.What more can I say really? The cd is great and maybe the only thing better is the price.
The music on this sound track is excellent! I highly recommend to anyone that loves old school love songs with a latin flare to it!! JAMS!!
Just finished the movie, and as a former Mission District resident (left at age 7) who lives in San Antonio, Texas (went to high school with Jesse Borrego, outstanding work, Ese) this movie brings back a lot of old memories, and makes me ponder what life would have been like had my family stayed in Califas. Also brings home the fact that Raza is Raza no matter from where, and Familia is Familia, no matter what issues they face. Benjamin Bratt in his best role to date, one worthy of all the alcolades. Fine performances by all the actors, and oh, what great music! From the soundtrack to the original oldies to the "music inspired by" (Stay Brown-What you see is what you get-The Dramatics, Son the la Musica-Oye Como Va-Santana, Someday-All Day Summer-(War), definately makes you say, "Orale, I gotta have these tunes!" If you know, or want to know, the dynamic of life in La Mission (and a few other places-Shout out to San Anto),This is the movie to watch. To all my Homies out there, Stay Brown. (Humboldt St, Columbia Heights, San Antonio, Texas)
I heard the track "Just be thankful" played by a DJ at a wedding. It is a cover of the classic by William DeVaughn.  I love this melodic almost surreal version. The whole album was so good I watched the movie on NETFLIX. I cried over the compassionate treatment of the topical story, very close to home for me, of a gay hispanic teenager's courageous confrontation with his father; and the truth.
What a great surprise when I herd this c.d. it is good and worth more then I spent I recommend this ,if you like oldies you will enjoy a different sound with the same good musical taste
I loved the movie and awesome cd!!  The music relaxes me when I'm stuck in traffic on the 110 freeway!
Witold's inspirational guitar sound flows from his finger-tips on his new release "My Heart for You". This album was in the making for years and shows the precession of technic developed over the period spinning into his own original world class style flavoring Latin, Jazz and Flamenco roots. The title speaks for itself, "My Heart for You" not only is a pleasure for your ears, you can feel the passion and labor of love Witold put into this recording.-Audiostar
This is one of the finest albums of traditional guitar music I've heard. Jackson' delivery is warm, soulful and fulfilling, and her technical skill takes a back seat to no one. Top-notch production values make this CD by one of America's most talented guitarists a must-have.
first heard part of this cd during the end credits of kill bill vol II.  specifically the song called &#34;malaguena salerosa&#34;.  liked what i heard and bought the cd.  all of the songs are very good.  if you like tex-mex (i like some of it, but not all) then this is the cd for you.
I probably shouldn't say that the movie was a bomb, but it really didn't make anywhere near the impression it was supposed to.  Hey, when you get a soundtrack like this out of it, at least something bueno happened.  This soundtrack reminds me of the one from Desperado (at least the Los Lobos tunes) and, I might say, goes a bit beyond it.  This is get down dirty grindhouse movie music, the kind you expect a bloody knife from every time you turn around.  There is a degree of similarity amongst a few of the songs, but this more like a bottle of Herradura and a bowl of menudo than Dom Perignon and neuvo cuisine.  Maleguena salarosa has a kick-butt beat, while Severina will bring a few tears.  Adding the bonus tracks makes it all the more worth the purchase, especially the three "Chingonized" bonus title themes.  My guilty pleasure track: 1-800-Hitman.
Kill Bill - Volume TwoIf you watched Kill Bill, volume two and also watched the special extra bits, you'll have seen a live performance of Chingon. Some of Chingon is included in the soundtrack of the movie. 'Mexican Spaghetti Western', however, is the whole enchilada!From start to finish, this is an album that captivates. What Chingon does with the classics is gorgeous beyond belief. I've long loved Mariachi music and many of my friends didn't understand what is was that moved me about the form. Sometimes one hears all that is and imagines all that is possible. This is musical fusion of Mariachi form with driving classical guitar riffs, screaming rock and a bit of exquisite jazz thrown in for good measure. 'Mexican Spaghetti Western' surpasses all that I'd imagined.The music literally soars. You will move to it, sing along with it, pick up an instrument and do your very best to become integrated within every moment. I am inspired, as I've been by the best playing of Frank Zappa, Coco Montoya, the mysterious Jos&eacute; Souc from Santa Esmeralda.I'll not list every song on the album, as did the first reviewer. Per that review, the assessment of the songs is extremely accurate. For me at this time, the entire album feels like a guilty pleasure. It is music that is not intended to reside in the background, but compels me to crank up the stereo and be happily captive to the sound.IMO, there is not a single track on this album that isn't spectacular. I'll admit to being totally fascinated by 'Cuka Roka' with layer upon layer of intricacy with just a hint of berserk rhythm that creeps in like an extra-dimensional surprise and slips out just as you're beginning to become accustomed to its presence. This unpredictability is more than mere fun.. it is genius.There is fun to be had in the intensity of the interpretation of many classics, although there are songs of poignant beauty and expressions of a fire that rages within. I visualized many movies within my mind while listening ~ not just Kill Bill vol. 2. This music will take you on a journey through many landscapes. It is, quite simply, one of the greatest albums I've had the pleasure of hearing in many years and is one I'll listen to again and again because it is simply irresistible.It is my strongest recommendation that you play all the samples and know that this is one you really ought not let get away.
Excellent music! It's a mixture of the classical mariachi and flamenco sound mixed with some good electric guitar.  The dude's voice is raspy and really chingon.
Bonitos recuerdos,gracias por tenerlos en existencia.Gracias al dealer por tenerlos y por que a travez de ellos nos hace recordar tiempos con la familia de nuestros Padres
If you like traditional mariachi music this is some of the best. Great vocalist and excellent musicians. Goes great with your favorite Mexican food!!!!!
Note: This album is a reissue or Le Monde Musical de Baden Powell. It's the exact same recording just with a different title and cover.
Growing up, I had listened to my father's copy of this album.  It was on vinyl from a French record label, with totally different cover art and even a different title.  I tried to track it down years later, but with no success.  I feared that this incredible album was gone.  However, one day in a Berlin record store I saw a strange looking Baden Powell CD sitting on the racks.  It had some of the worst cover art I'd ever seen, but I turned it around and - to my absolute delight - found the exact same track listing as my father's record.  I bought it without hesitation and have cherished it ever since.This album is a true demonstration of the depth of emotion that can be conveyed by this instrument.  Half of the songs are simply solo guitar, which has always been my favorite setting for Mr. Powell.  The songs themselves are also quite diverse.  There are the gorgeously mysterious "Chanson D'Hiver" and "Choro Para Metronome," the lushly arranged and operatic "Samba En Preludio" and "Adagio De Albinoni," the sublime and sparsely beautiful "Euridice" and "Berceuse A Jussara," the more traditional (i.e. more percussive) Brazilian tunes "Deve Ser Amor" and "Berimbau," and even a stunning blend of Brazilian cool and Bach-themed counterpoint ("Bachaiana").  This album also contains by far the most impressive guitar rendition of the bossa-nova classic "Garota De Ipanema" (The Girl From Ipanema) I have ever heard.  Baden puts to shame all those versions you've heard in the elevator.This album, despite its cheesy looks, is absolutely worth every penny.  As a whole, it contains the whole spectrum of classic Brazilian music - its native roots, its European influences and the delicate and beautiful balance of the two.  Buy it!
George Barnett's eclectic style, impressive musicianship, and passion for his art lights up SIERRA PLANES.  Written, produced, and performed by this talented teen, SIERRA PLANES perfectly balances rockin' moments (like in &#34;College Kids&#34;) with sweet heartfelt notes (&#34;Silent Sound&#34;).  Love it!
Yes sir,  I loved your uncle, your dad, your sister and YOU are a unique personality that has a class of his own.  Beautiful music and suave.  Charismatic and wonderful production
The passion and love for Love Himself in this album is amazing! This album screams and love and joy! Mi favorite!
If you're a Spanish teacher or student, you can't go wrong with these catchy and useful songs from Se&ntilde;or Wooly.  Check out the website for great games and support materials!
Toucan Song is a romp.  Samba rhythms and a cascading melody seamlessly blend in a lively guitar piece.  It's a top down, let the wind hit your face and the hell with the hair kind of song.  It has Brazilian roots, in its beat and guitar style; but the notes bounce a little higher, and the pace is quicker than the classic breezy playing of the Brazilian masters, such as Luis Bonfa, of Black Orpheus fame:  while giving a definite nod to that classic style.It's pop, it's jazz, it's its own sound, doing its own thing.  It came out clean and fast, off the cuff, in an improv session, and begged to be recorded.  That doesn't happen often.  When it does, the artist gives a tip of the hat and a thank you to that netherland where the creative lightning strikes from, if you're lucky, and open to being hit.Though Toucan Song is an instrumental piece, the guitar, as it must, became the singer, supplying its own vocal chords.  And do you know what it's saying?Throw away the Prozac.  Get Toucan Song.  You'll feel better.  I promise.Article by William J. Demorascki, Editor, The Blue Review
Contains exactly the 15 songs I like most from his 4 first albums!!!! Praise to the Lord!!!!Historias, Obras Y PromesasNo Paro De Adorar
If you are a fan of quality music you will enjoy this album.  Its afro-puerto rican traditional music called bomba but even if you aren't into those specific genres you can appreciate the singing, production quality and expert drumming found on the album.  This group is based in NYC and is out in the community teaching this music to the next generation through workshops and lessons etc. so I'm sure sales of the album support those goals.  So buy it.
This CD rocks. My nieces love it. Their Mom loves it. I love it.&iexcl;Excelente Fabuloso! is engaging and entertaining (educational too, ssh! You don't have to tell them!) The songs are catchy, enjoyable to listen to, and fun to sing. My nieces are speaking - in espanol - about the weather, singing about their favourite (dancing) fruit, and sharing what's in their backpacks (mostly 'normal' stuff!!). They're topics kids can relate to, accompanied by a great Spanish/Mexican-sounding ensemble that keep it lively. There are also bilingual vocab tracks which are nice, they're clearly spoken & interesting to listen to. They're good for introducing words from conversational Spanish, & they're acting as confidence boosters for words they are still learning.The album is full of energy and applicable Spanish, & presents JUST enough silliness to keep the kids interested, but not lose focus.You'll find yourself singing along too straight away. The CD is good for kids, but adults will like it too!
Our family discovered the music of the Okee Dokee Brother's in 2012.  In 2013 with the release of Can You Canoe we became big fans. And after discovering their Excellente Fabuloso CD our love for their music grew.  Great music to sign along with my son who is learning Spanish.  The album is awesome!  I only wish they would release another CD in Spanish.
This album is like a diamond in the rough.  I discovered in on NPR, and then immediately bought it for a friend and her toddler.  What I didn't realize was how much EVERYONE I introduced this to was going to enjoy it.Having a bad day? Tired on a drive? Exhausted from a late night?  Just start playing Excelente Fabuloso and all your troubles melt away.  AND you're learning Spanish at the same time!The only sadness I have with this album is that it is too short, and I want more.  Good music.  Learning Spanish.  Fun for all ages.  You won't regret the investment.
My mother used to play Mantovani's records when I was growing up, and the memories this brings back take me back to my childhood. These are the original 1952 recordings, in brilliant mono, that I remember so well. Hearing them again, without the surface noise of the ancient LP, was nothing short of awesome.
Just like listening to Pata Negra!Have been listening to Mundo  for a while now.I must own most of his cds.Once you listen to him you will also be buying his music!
My 5-year old is in a bilingual kindergarten class so I got this for him. Now all of my kids listen to it because the tune is so fun. They love to dance to it. Basho & Friends also have some videos on you tube that are awesome!
Never a complaint from anything that Enrique Iglesias makes, even if all the songs and albums sound the same, they are so great to dance!
Love it...latin artists sing english not too tropical yet latino...makes me wanna dance! Good at clubs and to enjoy a begunning if a dreaded day in traffic
This is not the explicit version, but it's a great song anyway. The explicit version says f-----g you instead of loving you. Just love Enrique Iglesias 's music.
Tonight (I'm Lovin' You) is a great song! Love it and love Enrique. Great dance and party music. Love happy music and new sounds.
This is a classic album by one of my favorite Christian Music artists. This album was my first introduction to Jose Flores' music and was influential in my spiritual walk and musical journey. The album has plenty of jazz/pop grooves and is especially regarded for its "sound" in comparison to the other Spanish gospel artists at the time it was released (early 90's). The song lyrics are uncompromisingly true to the message of Jesus Christ and His gospel. Highly recommended!
I dont know if its only me, but I find Christmas songs to be really sad and depressing sounding, and have wondered why nobody has uped the tempo on the songs to celebrate Christmas. one of the most important times ever and my favorite time of the year.  It got to the point that i DONT listen to the radio during December because i felt like crying from the Christmas songs, all slow, dragged out and very sad sounding, and UNTIL I found this CD, this is what i call Christmas songs of joy, celebration and happiness.  FINALLY, thank God.  i will be looking for more cds like this one.  The old classics are fine and great, what gets me is when they are just copied over and over with no changes at all, either come up with new ones, or liven up the music
This album is a sampling.  Every piece on it was written by the artist.  The beginning is more of a "pop" kind of music, but from track 6 on this young man shows what he knows in the classical department.  From track 6 to the end of the album, he wrote all the pieces with a Bach influence, and it is wonderful.  I believe the album as a whole was written to give the buyer an overall view of what Mr. Becker is capable of.  Look for more of his music on YouTube, and iTunes.  Keep your eye on this guy...........he's going places.
Kris Becker and his debut album, "Inventions," is an exquisite collection of finely crafted compositions featuring the genres of Rock, Jazz, and Classical. Becker creates an album that is rich in musical style and shows his superb versatility in performing a collective mix of music. He is brilliant on the piano and this album is proof of his amazing talents. The first two tracks, "Feel The Truth" and "Try" groove with a solid foundation as these songs dive right into the Rock mode with terrific melodies and charming rhythms. Tracks 3 and 4, "In Due Time" and "If Ever Two Were One (Alt. Take)" offer some spectacular Jazz with crisp and bright horns that playfully cascade around the bright and colorful piano and soulful vocals that captures the essence of the sweet lyrics. Becker then takes you into his classical skills with dexterity and intense precision. "Fanfare For Life" will astonish you as Becker plays his original Classical piece with a rich musical complexity. Becker's Classical compositions are elegant and bursting with passion and rich embellishments as he performs with strong and strict timing and these compositions should be regarded as among the best. If you are a person who enjoys an album with a marvelous blend of Rock, Jazz, and Classical, then the distinctive album "Inventions," is just what you need to listen to. Diane and the [...] Reviewer Team [...]
If you don't have this CD, then get it. It is jewel! Please add it to your colection you will love it.
SOMETIMES YOU PURCHASE A CD TO FIND OUT ONLY A FEW SONGS ARE GOOD. WELL NOT THIS ONE. EVERY SONG IS BETTER THAN THE ONE BEFORE. I REALLY ENJOY THIS ONE.
This song is great to dance to.  I love listening to it for my workouts and when I'm driving in the car.  If you love merengue, this is a must have for your collection.
My favorite is 'las criaturas del mundo' ... your results may vary.A beautiful album of children's songs for Ruhi classes, or anywhere your Baha'i adventures take you.
Wonderful recording! But...Its a pity and a shame that the most beautiful song of the whole cd;&#34;Valsa Exaltao&#34; is damaged. A friend gave me the cd and i loved it, but that song didnt played right. I downloaded the mp3 single and still damaged....Can't you do anything to fix it? PLEASE!!!!!!!
The most beautiful recording out of Brazil in awhile, and definitely my favorite recording of Ceu e Mar ever. Can't get enough of Um Samba Na Madrugada and Fred Astaire do Samba. I only wish the Portuguese lyrics were published somewhere so I could sing along. A Toi is in French, and is, thank goodness, nothing like the Joe Dassin song of the same name. Can anyone tell me which of these songs are Mario Adnet originals? I know that Ceu e Mar is a 1950s Johnny Alf composition.
I saw this band live a couple of weeks ago, they announced that they were getting ready their first EP soon. The energy of the group live is great and they give a cool show. The EP has 4 songs, three in spanish and their first single is in english. I'd say that the album was very well produced (during the show, the singer told us that they self-financed the project so I expected something with lower quality).The songs are the following:1. Carnavalito (Little Carnival) - Happy, upbeat song. This song is in spanish, their drummer is very good and it shows.2. Climbing the Guava Tree - Mix of surf guitar, latin rhythm, kinda rock with english lyrics, although it is full of double entendres translated in a literal way from spanish, so it might not be very clear of what the song means until you do some research.3. La Muerte de Rodrigo Borgia (Rodrigo Borgia's Death) - This one is also in spanish, it reminds me a little bit to Squirrel Nut Zippers and Gogol Bordello. Rodrigo Borgia is not mentioned at all on the song. As I understand it, it is in general dedicated to bad people, it describes a funeral of a tyrant or genocide where no one cries, the ground opens wide open and he gets abducted by the devil or something like that.4. El Diablo Triste - This is a slow ballad, sounds like a fretless bass was used, very melancholic.Overall I can say I recommend this album, but if you get a chance catch the band live.
Creo que es pronto para adivinar el futuro de esta banda, pero me parece que ofrecen un solido debut con algo diferente a la oferta actual. La mezcla de ritmos me gusta, creo que los musicos son muy buenos tecnicamente. De los 4 temas ninguno toca la misma tematica...entre tiranos, alegria, despecho, sexo, muerte y redencion se ve que tienen mucho que decir. Lastima que son 4 canciones. Esperamos escuchar mas pronto.
This band is amazing, I saw them live a few weeks ago and I was impressed with the energy that they transmit to the audience, the mix of latin rhythms and surf rock have a vibe that conveys happiness, talking with them, they mentioned that they are now working on an LP that maybe will be released in late 2010, I look forward to. Fully recommended
This is a great Bachata instructional CD that breaks down bachata, instrument by instrument. Bongo, Bass, Lead Guitar, Rhythm Guitar, Guira, they are all broken down so you can hear the role of each instrument in bachata music. Also, includes counts over the top of bachata music to teach dancers how to dance on all counts. I teach bachata dance and I use this CD in many of my classes and workshops. Its a great resource for both students and teachers and the only one of its kind that I know of. Carlos Cinta instructs on this CD to the music of bachatero Joan Soriano. Highly recommended.
Bachata Breakdown demonstrates bachata instrument by instrument, with spoken beat counting. Dance and musicality instructor Carlos Cinta explains timings to bass, bongos, g&uuml;ira, and full instrumental tracks. Carlos illustrates timing for dancing on 1, 2, 3, 4, and 1 with bass syncopation.Presented by Carlos Cinta to the music of Joan Soriano, "El Duque".Includes full songs by Joan Soriano and The Bachata Roja Legends.
The differing styles on this CD will keep you interested throughout.  Be sure to check out the G5 2007 if you found this album enjoyable.
an unsung hero: Peter Ludwig!  A master in his art.  A genius blend of many musical genres!  Thank you PL for your powerful compositions!
This is funky at his best. I love t his album. He has come back to reinvent the music scene.
I loved
I am Hispanic and a Christian this guys music has inspired me so much. He takes you into a journey of what christian life really is not always going to be peachy but you can share his message and appreciate it his music will lift you up every time you listen to it love God Bless Funky Keep making great music Brother!
i don't understand spanish- but i'm born again and funky is off the chain. i would buy this if you want some really great songs.
Best of the Best favorit song I have to say justo a tiempo I listin to it everywhere I go no lies
Simply the best Christian Latin rapper. I'm glad he is back to what his music was before the reggaeton craze. His talent to fuse Rap and hip hop with latin rhythms is why he is the best.
Good music if you like christian hip hop/raggeton.If you are a fan of Funky buy it. Great deal for your money.
I purchased one song from this CD, Te bendecir&eacute;. It is a delightful rendition of "Blessed be the Name." Carlos Fines has an excellent voice. I enjoy listening to him sing.
Try this if you want something new. I learned about this music while listening to the radio driving through California Central Valley. Four particular songs hooked me up (of which only one is on this CD): Amor Confuso (Gerardo Ortiz), El Mejor Perfume (La Original Banda el Limon), Mi Olvido (Banda Sinaloense MS), and Lo Que Penso de Ti (Banda Carnaval). This CD presents 2012 hits from the five leading bands: Banda Sinaloense MS, Banda Los Recoditos, La Arrolladora Banda el Limon, La Original Banda el Limon, and Banda el Recodo. Every track is highly enjoyable.Bandas, which originated from brass bands of German Mexican expats, became traditional Mexican music. A banda consists of about 15 people and has bass drum with cymbal on top, tuba, baritone, trombones, trumpets, and clarinets. Sometimes there is a snare drum and ethnic percussion. There is 1, 2, or 3 singers, almost exclusively male (2 most often) who sing unison. Except for the singers who use microphones, a banda is totally acoustical. A traditional banda usually plays something that can be traced to polka. However, Bandas Romanticas, which emerged on the music scene quite recently, departed from the polka and invented a totally new style, while preserving the structure of a banda. The key signature is melody line switching back and forth from trumpets to clarinets; the trumpet tone, loud and pleasing, is immediately recognizeable when you tune the radio. Bass drum provides rythm, like in a traditional banda. However, tuba and baritone do not make rythmic "Oumph" as in a traditional banda, but instead add embelishments to accentuate the melody. The music is uplifting and goes very well with driving.Most members of Bandas Romanticas are kids in their 20s. The selections on this CD attest to the highest levels of talent and professionalism in both composition and performance.I am 60, I listen mostly to classical music, but like to explore all other styles in search of novelty and talent.
This CD I originally ordered from the commercial on Univision because it had a bunch of the songs that I really liked and couldn't find the names of. I ended up letting a friend borrow the cd and never got it back so I bought the one here so I could have it on my cloud drive.
I heard this song trying to find the Tracy Chapman version. I liked it so much I bought the mp3.
This is one great album by a New Mexico musician - very well written songs - tightly executed - would recommend this to anyone who loves to dance and have some very inspiring music!  A+++
If you want t to Praise and Worship in Spanish, this CD has the song for you. Love the lyrics and her voice is amazing she is filled with the Holy Spirit.  I will Pray for her and her journey though her sing career... I Love You Cleiry God Bless You
Great collection, Hugo Avenda&ntilde;o had a wonderful baritone and made popular many songs in Mexico where I grew up. The recordings are superb.
A lot of this music bought me back when i was in my teens. The Cuban parties watching my folks dancing and smoking his big cigars... One day i would love to visit Cuba and listen to music more......
Having a reception in the summer and want eclectic music from all over. Boy, this is a great album. Good music!
como siempre los Beatles ser&aacute;n recordados por generaciones y generaciones.y porque no mejor escucharlos por los mejores cantantes del genero latino. y en ingles.
Sacha Silva is Canadian-born of Sri Lankan and Bulgarian blood, whose music grows from his double life as a guitarist-composer and globe-trotting development economist. Together with singer Munya B, composer Drew Morgan, percussionist Rohin Khemani, cellist Elliott Green, and flautist Eliza Marshall the band creates a new kind of world music, one which speaks to a new generation of global wanderers, travelers, immigrants, expats and half-breeds.The band's unique and accessible blend of Spanish, Indian and modern classical influences reflect the band's beginnings in the global melting-pot of London. Their bold, remarkable sound quickly garnered rave reviews throughout the world music community right from their debut CD Susurro, which was called "unforgettable, passionate and startling [with] jaw-dropping beauty and sophistication" by indie pioneers CDBaby.com in a five star "Editor's Pick" review.Critics and DJs on four continents called their second CD, Anatomy of a Coup, an "audacious [and] impressionistic recording that gives music the last say" (Rootsworld magazine) and "a beautiful album [that] celebrates the resilience of the human spirit... Sacha Silva joins a very special group of musicians like Nitin Sawhney [and] Rupa and the April Fishes, who marry masterful musicianship with insightful examinations of the human condition." (SAMAR Magazine). The CD is based on Sacha's two-year journey through the South Pacific, Sub-Saharan Africa, Latin America and the Caribbean and was inspired by the 2006 military coup in Fiji.The band's 3rd recording, Pentecost, brings a more organic, improvised and "live" sound echoing the early 1970s recording of world music pioneers such as John McLaughlin's Shakti.The band was formed in London in 2000 when three global wanderers ended up as next-door neighbors: Sacha, studying trade and poverty after three years of performing flamenco and Indian classical music in San Francisco, Southern Spain and New Delhi; Munya, studying economic development after years of performing for All-India Radio; and Drew, a Fellow of Composition at the Royal Academy of Music in London who'd just moved from Chicago. These three students began performing and recording together, inspired by the idea of making a new kind of world music. The trio is now a sextet with the addition of percussionist (and Sacha's childhood friend) Rohin Khemani, cellist (and now Munya's husband) Elliott Green and flautist Eliza Marshall.
This music is all over the map in the best way possible. Gaby wears her influences on her sleeve, old school and gritty new school. Look out Adele! Such variety and engaging arrangements with so many winks and nods to Beatles, Delaney and Bonnie, XTC, and the folk tradition. This is music that is immediately gripping and will take a long time to dig into.
I saw Gaby with the Milk Carton Kids in Pittsburgh on 10/6/11 and immediately fell in love with her music. This album is an electic mix of blues, soul,jazz, bossa nova and traditional latin music that's a little folky with some pop thrown in. Gaby's sound is really unique and unlike anyone else making music right now. The album is half English/Spanish, but not inaccessible to non-Spanish speakers. My favorite tracks are "Mean Old Circus," and "Intento." If I had to boil it down I'd say she's like a Guatemalan Edith Piaf with soul, but she's really a lot more than that description gives her credit for. She's a joy to watch perform as well--her stage presence is very soulful and she's charming to boot. I strongly suggest getting this album and seeing her play if she comes to your town. She'll sign the CD for you, too.
Gaby's music comes from the heart and you can sense the absolute passion for her music on each song as she takes you in a journey back in time while she manages to keep you grounded in the present. Her voice is truly a pleasure to listen to. This cd is worth every penny! Highly recommend all her music.
Great album. So varied, if you don't like one song, wait for the next. Heard reviewed on NPR Saturday April 24th. Bought it right away.I like new and exciting women singers, they bring a brightness to the music world.
Item is used but in perfect condition except the cover having a sticker on it.  Great value for one of my new favorite albums to listen to.  Thank you for a perfectly wrapped, speedy delivery.  I recommend this seller to anyone.
I love Gaby Moreno! Whatever she sings is great, and the songs on this CD are no exception. She is a great talent.
Yo Estare Contigo was the one that made me get Dejenme Adore. Cleiry Cruz, When are you coming out with another one... I will be waiting to order that one also... She is Blessed..Thank you Amazon for having her CD on sale..
I love these games! And playing em on my kindle fire with its seven inch screen is AWESOME! !! Instead of getting the green pigs who stole your eggs(still fun) you are freeing the birds that were captured by the smugglers. Super easy( fun and addictive!) I am even suggesting to my mom to play!
This game is highly additive I would recommend downloading at once if you have not already then sit back relax and do some angry birding!
I immediately fell in love with this album. With a voice that betrays the deepest emotions while also uniting music from cultures separated by seas, how could I not? I have listened to much "world music", and have never come across something so pure that fuses different styles so seamlessly. This is going to be one of my "must-play" albums for dinner and cocktail parties. My family loves it too. I am so happy to have this album.
Met Sam at my daughters place in the UK as they are friends.  It was my first introduction to gypsy jazz.  What great music, plus his wife Jennifer compliments the guitars with her smooth sensual voice.  I hope they can make it over here in the PNW someday to perform.
This album is sung in Spanish, but even if, like me,  your Spanish isn't fluent, you will enjoy it very much.  The songs themselves, the arrangements of them and the vocal talent of Galarza and his background singers are all first class.  The  music is contemporary Christian with positive messages as well as infectious rhythms and great arrangements.  As far as I am concerned the only drawback to downloading the album is that I would really like to have a lyric insert like you find in many albums so I could explore the lyrics a bit more deeply.  For those of you fluent in Spanish, that isn't an issue.  I recommend this album highly; I've  been playing it almost daily since I bought it.  This is Galarza's first  album but I hope others will follow soon.  If you like latin flavored music or contemporary Christian  buy it; you are in for a treat.
A few of these songs have been floating around online. But finally we get to hear these great tracks. I only wish there were more from this band. They released this EP and another demo ep after Marc left the band which was pretty good as well. But the only way to get your hands on these songs were to either go to the live shows or have a friend who would hook you up if you couldnt go. The song im reviewing here, Voices I remember hearing this 10 sec clip that would play on their website waaay back in the day. Now we can hear the full version and its great. Not what I expected but still awesome. Marc has gone on to Soulfly and releases his solo albums but man come on please record a new track with Roger. The fans would love it bro!
Hermoso tema en una nueva maravillosa voz que promete mucho en el mundo de la m&uacute;sica latina internacional! Estoy segura de que pronto empezaremos a escuchar mucho mas de este gran cantante, quien merece miles de exitos! Les recomiendo la canci&oacute;n.. les va a encantar!!
Stumbled upon this track while looking for the Bob Marley "Concrete Jungle" MP3 - I had a listen to the Gondwana take on the song and had to download it too! Sounds terrific - thanks!!!  :D
I have searched for this album for many years. I love the percussion and the Spanish flavor of this music.
Loved Franco's music. Did not know he had written so many hits sand by other top notch singers. Excellent recording even been a live recording.
If you like Franco Da Vita, you need to have this. There is only one song that I don't like how he remade it. I liked it the original way.
By far, the best live CD/DVD!!!!!! The band sounds great...lots of interaction with the audience.  His duet with Alejandra Guzman is simply fabulous.  Sin Bandera makes a special appearance that bring down the house! His son with Debi Nova is also a great one.  In a nutshell, this is a must.
Me encanta que compila muchos de los grandes exitos de Franco De Vita.  Algunos de los exitos suenan un poco diferente alos originales, pero me gustan los arreglos, suenan con mucha energia.
This album is one of the best releases this year. Every song tells a story everyone can realte to. This shows latin artists are just as good as any other artist in the world. Congratulations to Dulce on an amazing album.
Its Pure Pop, maybe that's what some people don't get but anyway. This album has some pretty great songs like Inevitable, Dicen, Pensando En ti, Ingenua And 24/7. Honestly the Ya No cover is the only song I don't like. The artwork is ok the pics seem random I was expecting a little more because she is a pop star and usually pop stars have more visual art for the fans, the booklet is just a one foldout sheet, but what matters is the music and i really enjoyed it.
Been wanting this CD for a while. Glad I got it at a low price. The songs are alright. Not all of them are good. But most of them are alright.
Couldnt find this cd at a local record store and was so happy to see it on here. Great price!
Cada una de las canciones en este CD me elevan a la presencia de Dios. Siento al Espiritu Santo llenando mi coraz&oacute;n cuando escucho "Dios Espiritu Santo".  Todas las canciones me encantan pero siento que la que mas me toca el coraz&oacute;n es "Ten piedad de mi" porque me hace llorar ya que siento la misericordia de Dios en mi vida a como tambien "Levantame". Hemos recibido muchas bendiciones desde que lo escuchamos, a toda mi familia le ha gustado. Mi esposo prefiere "Asi me ama Dios y Jes&uacute;s est&aacute; vivo", nuestro hijo de 12 a&ntilde;os escucha con frecuencia "Estoy Aqui" porque dice que siente la presencia de Jes&uacute;s. Nuestra hijita de 4 a&ntilde;os prefiere "Maria, llevame a Jes&uacute;s", todo el tiempo la esta cantando, se la sabe perfectamente! Este CD tiene mucha unci&oacute;n. Te lo recomiendo!
Una verdadera alabanza en toda su plenitud!!!! Esta produccion tiene como centro esa luz especial de paz y amor y fortaleza que solo el espiritu santo puede regalarnos a traves de cada composicion!!!
This CD is amazing.  It has a bit of everything.  Great worship and spiritually lifting.  You can feel the Holy Spirit has worked through him to create this wonderful music.  I have this CD on repeat.
Tamzyn is now my favorite female vocalist on Amazon.com!  From sensuous love songs to gutsy blues tunes, this lady sounds great on every track! My favorite song, 'Until Forever' is a powerful pop ballad with vocalizations that Tamzyn pulls off effortlessly.  These songs would make a great addition to anyone's playlist and I'm looking forward to her next CD.  I'm sure it will be awesome! TJ
I'm not a professional reviewer, but this CD is awesome.  The music is beautiful and fun to listen to.  I enjoy listening to not just one song, but all of them.
Hola Hi, compre el CD completa, y no hay desperdicio! Angelina esta exelente, desde sus mejores momentos desde que hizo en el colegio el papel Betty Rizzo en en Grease en el 1995. Angelina, siempre fue una joven muy talentosa y me alegro verla tener exito con su primer disco con su esposo.Si te gusta la Bachata Domnican, el Pop y la vida Baton Rough, Lousiana, este es un gran Album para tomar par de copas de vino bajo la luna llena en Casa de Campo, frente al Mar en el hoyo 15 de Diente Perro.Comprelo ya!!! y Difurte de esta rica musica!!!!
At the heart of Tango, Argentinian Tango, is Carlos Gardel - it is a must listen for anyone whose is attempting to learn the Art of Tango.
Necesitamos mas musica cristriana de este estilo en estas tiendas!!! me encanta la letra, la musica pesada, el solo de la lira genial y la base de la bateria y el bajo wow!!!!...  estare esperando mas musica de esta banda...Si pueden poner mas informacion de donde son sobre la banda etc porque no hay mucho sobre ellos
As a veteran certified massage therapist, I am always searching for new music to add to my massage music collection.  This was a great addition because I needed some smooth jazz music to add to my variety.  Also, since I am a professional singer/songwriter who also sings Jazz music, I just like it because it fits my music taste for me to listen to even when I am not massaging clients.
I like this song it makes me want to hit the club. Even my 6 yr old jams out to it.
This is a necessary spotlight on Chicago music and artists. That cover art, the photo, speaks volumes. There's an ever-changing story in each song and in the case of Tu Eres Yo and Esperando, creates a beautiful transition between the two. Ultimately, it's great rock and roll. Buy it! You'll love it.
This guy is something else!!!  Everything that he sign is a complete blessing - I can't wait for the complete album.
All original compositions, cleanly played.  If you like guitar your're gonna love the international flair he's brought to this instrument.
I just love this old school dancing music, it is fun, tropical rhythm and full latin flavor. I absolutely recommend it !!
brilliant harmony between two instruments. unique but harmonious, the music talks in this album. the father and son who performed here almost improvised the whole thing. yet the guitar and the cello respond to each other so well, sensitive to each others' differences and changes. beautiful album.
Uno de los mejores albums de salsa sacra en la calle ahora mismo. Poderosas letras de restauraci&oacute;n y esperanza acompa&ntilde;ado con arreglos sabrosos que solo pudo haber inspirado el Todopoderoso. Tiene que estar en la colecci&oacute;n de todo aquel que se considere cocolo/salsero.---One of the best christian salsa albums in the market right now. Powerful lyrics of spiritual restoration and hope accompanied by awesome music arrangements that could've only been inspired by the All-mighty Himself. It just has to be in the collection of anyone who considers himself a true "salsero".
Bess wrote these songs about romantic themes. Recorded in Bolivia. This is a collection of her earlier songs. Her song, Amigo, was written for her high school graduation as a dedication song.Here are the English translations of the titles:1. 01-Eres/You Are2. 02-Busca el Amor/Love for Love3. 03-Tus Ojos/Your Eyes4. 04-Por que me enamor&eacute;/Why did I fall in love?5. 05-A la Distancia/In the Distance6. 06-Amigo/ Friend7. 07-Una Flor/A flower8. 08-I wanna fly9. 09-Buenas Noches Amor/Good Night my Love10. 10-Me enamor&eacute;/I fell in Love
me encanta escuchar "estereo catolica" ahi fue donde escuche a Sara torres, me encanta su voz, su estilo, sus canciones. y pensar que muchos catolicos se alejan de la iglesia porque dicen que "los catolicos son aburridos" si supieran la gran cantidad de cantantes catolicos que aman de verdad a nuestro Senor Jesus Cristo y que le cantan con inmenso amor. Muchas gracias Sara por tu amor a Maria pero sobre todo a Jesus.....!!!!viva Cristo Rey!!!!!
The music is uplifting, anointed and pleasing to the ear.  I wish I had this music earlier in the year when I hosted a brunch.
I absolutely adore Latin music, any kind -- salsa, rumba, merengue.  This group, GOTAN PROJECT have a really new and different sound, weird in some ways, but I fell in love at the first couple of notes.  Am on my way to purchase more of their music.  Five stars!!!!!
If you like upbeat tango, electronic tango or nuevo tango...this is the compilation for you. Full of very interesting songs and classic electronic tango beats.This album is the soundtrack of the real Buenos Aires the real capital of TANGO ELECTRONICO. Buy it and enjoy good quality music. The good thing is that you get 17 tracks, with no fillers.
MOST OF TODAY'S GENERATION HAVE EITHER NEVER HEARD OF JOSE ALFREDO JIMENEZ OR THEY DISMISS HIM AS AN ARTIFACT OF MANY YEARS GONE BY. STILL OTHERS DISMISS HIM FOR HIS VERY HUMAN WEAKNESSES AND FLAWS.  THANK GOODESSS THAT THERE ARE STILL MANY OTHERS LIKE ME WHO WILL ALWAYS DEEPLY RESPECT, ADMIRE, APPRECIATE AND TREASURE THE NUMEROUS SONGS THAT HE WROTE AND RECORDED. THIS REMASTERED COLLECTION IS SPLENDID VALUE CONTAINING MANY OF HIS GREATEST HITS.  BUY IT, POUR A TEQUILA OR MEZCAL, SIT BACK AND ENJOY THE BEST OF MEXICAN MUSIC!!  VIVA "G U A N A J U A T O" !!!
Nice recordings from an old record, even though it was a little difficult to download. In general I am satisfied.
Karina's voice is just like I remember it back in the 1980's. My favorite song on this cd is &#34;Si Pudiera.&#34;
I don't know of any other groups who do accapella but this group is awesome.  I wish they were more popular because they do have talent....
Better than the first volume, which I thought would be impossible, since it had been the best Latin jazz collection I'd heard. And after the slightly disappointing second volume, I didn't have high expectations for this volume. But it delivers. In spades. Buy it.
I love every of his songs. Rene is a man of God and all of his songs are such a blessing.
La musica del Ministerio Munsical Jesed es relajante para un Cristiano. Llega a los profundo de nuestras Almas. Si quieres escuchar musica con letra positiva, esta es tu opcion.
I have enjoyed this collection very much. I have been trying to capture the many flavors of flamenco for years and this is a nice addition in a music form with which I am very familiar.  Nice!
Classic 80's Mexican music.... can't go wrong with that!  Puros recuerdos de tiempos mas simples.  Y musica que si valia la pena.
This is certainly one of Encinas' very best albums and thoroughly enjoyable, with his characteristic rhythmic guitar melodies. The superbly recorded audio CD also includes a bonus DVD (appears to be non-region specific). The roughly 26 mins DVD contains various music videos, and Encinas playing in concert on stage with a Spanish vocal duo. Overall, this CD is highly recommended, and a must-collect album for all Encinas fans and for those who appreciate such music.
This has a diverse selection of songs.  All of the  songs are moving and cinematic in feel  A very very nice album!
Me miro, tremenda produccion. Cada una de los temas ministro a mi vida, incluso la pista de uno de los temas. La recomiendo 100%. Norbert, gracias por esta bendicion de Dios a traves tuya. Te aprecio. (Btw, haces falta)
particuarmente me gusta este canta autor Dominicano, pero siendo objetivo, tiene muy buena produccion sin hablar de los temas, definitivamente un exelente trabajo dedicado a Dios
All songs are Awesome! More music such as this needs to be made for us the younger generation.#12 is my Fav. x)
This is a lovely tune that you'll want playing at your next party.  If you haven't got a party going on, put on this tune and let the party begin.
An awesome exciting beat.Luna Blanca's single Desperado is a soundtrack with an incredible beat. The song gives me a sound picture from a Desperado riding thru the desert with a dramatic end scene hearing a shot and his horse. Holding her nuevo flamenco roots this song features a dramatic electric guitar.
Antonio Carmona es un cantante muy bueno y muy movido! El album es uno mas dentro de mi coleccion de mucha musica buenisima. Very good music with awesome musical fusion. Listen to the album but its worth having!
Jos&eacute; Luis Rodr&iacute;guez is one of the best guitarists today. This is a most enjoyable album and I was delighted to find it and get it immediately. I have heard him in concert many times.His playing is precise and beautiful. Whether you are or not an experienced and knowledgable listener of flamenco music and all of its varieties,one cannot go wrong with this or any album of his now or in the future.Ana Roca
This Cd is excellent.... This guitarist is really brilliant...ONE OF THE BEST FLAMENCO GUITAR CD I HAVE LISTENED IN THE LAST YEARS
La musica del ministerio Jesed es refrescante. Llega a los profundo de nuestras Almas. Si quieres escuchar musica con letra positiva, esta es tu opcion.
La musica del Ministerio Musical Jesed es refrescante para un Cristiano. Llega a los profundo de nuestras Almas. Si quieres escuchar musica con letra positiva, esta es tu opcion.
La musica de Acrisolada te pondra a arder en fuego. Si quieres escuchar musica con letra positiva y mucha energia, esta es tu opcion.
This artist creates music outside the box and this album is one of his best! The first four tracks are my favorites.
I bought this a year ago and I can't wait for more! This gets played at least twice a day!
Esta canci&oacute;n fue un &eacute;xito clandestino de muchas personas que conocieron a Gean Carlo Villegas entre el 1998 y el 2003. Algunos pensaban que esta canci&oacute;n hab&iacute;a desaparecido como desaparecen las dem&aacute;s recuerdos, pero no, una grabaci&oacute;n encontrada en los archivos remotos de una computadora abandonada a la merced del tiempo fue la que rescat&oacute; este maravilloso cl&aacute;sico. NO dude en comprarlo si desea tener un pedazo de la historia callejera de Puerto Rico en su reproductor musical. Ojo, no debe tomarse al artista muy en serio porque su visi&oacute;n del arte es no es tradicional ni acad&eacute;mica.
Best Christian album out there, soo inspirational, makes you get in touch with your inner self, love it....... I give props to Saul for writing an amazing album,
Nice lyrics, nice variety.  Good work.  Never heard of this artist, so I thought I would give it a try.  Good work, will buy again!
Una Bendicion... Gracias Senor por permitir a estos hermanos en Cristo tener este talento, en verdad que son piesas utiles para tu Plan. Gracias mi Dios...
Just heard Musiko in concert in Chicago singing many of the songs on this CD - just as much great energy and message on this CD - highly recommend it for everyone - if you don't speak Spanish yet, this is an opportunity - genuine heart and passion for the faith!
Has some of the good hits from 2012 and I like the variety all on one disc. Encanta las bandas!!
Luis Agujeta, youngest brother of Manuel Agujeta, takes after his better known kin as cantaor of the deep and pure flamenco style. This album (which in physical form includes a DVD documentary of Agujeta's tour and discussion of the changes that have occurred in flamenco recently) is exciting listening. While not as powerful an interpreter as his brother, he does have grit. He is accompanied by Carlos Heredia on guitar, an accomplished musician from Sevilla, and indeed the album was recorded in Heredia's studio. Heredia normally plays a more contemporary, global style, and although here he mainly maintains the tradition, at times some modern 'jazz' chording is heard. This album is much Heredia's as Agujeta's. As for sound, the recording seems to have been made in a large chamber; the guitar is close to the microphone but the cantaor is distant, perhaps giving space for his occasional footwork and palmas. I personally like such recordings with spatial volume, which provides presence as in some Sacromonte cave. If the tarantos of track 3 is richly emotional and complex, the following seguiriya, with its repeated slow dance rhythm, is mesmerizing. The album concludes with a lively tango.
Gabriel Ayala is one of the finest classical guitarists there is today. This is one of his mellower albums; great background music to wind down while reading.
me gusta mucho su musica y no esta tan caro..te lo recomiendo y ya estoy esperando el nuevo album.gracias alex
Esta produccion de Alex Zurdo Llego justo cuando mas lo nesecitaba, le re-dedique mi vida a Dios este ano y ha sido de gran bendicion a mi vida, musica k ha edificado mi vida con palabras de Dios, en los ritmos k mas me gustan. Le recomiendo este cd a todos. Hacia delante Dios les Bendiga
En verdad que el Don de ministrar por medio a la musica es el regalo de Dios para Alex Zurdo. Es una Bendicion poder escuchar sus mensajes en la musica de el.
The catchy beat and lovely voice caught my attention and I will be purchasing more of her music. Good Buy!
This is and excellent old banda music when banda music was played with out any type of sound system. type of music that will never grow old.
great version of my favorite song- whiter shade of pale anchors this showcase of neo-soul vocals, a bit of a show off project
I've been honored to work with Hector in the studio on a few occasions and must say that this collection captures the vibe of a truly awesome group... I'm particularly proud of the work on Isabel- quite possibly one of the most beautiful songs I've ever been part of.
The Krayolas have it all when it comes to music.  A true marriage of Tex-Mex that finds me dancing in the living.  Flaco brings great songs to a whole new level,and as always I love the horns.  There's no song that I find yourself singing more then La Fruitera; wow that's a catchy song.  Another great addition to my collection!
I don't think anyone realizes how much cooler Amazon is compared to iTunes. I cannot believe that this is free and it's not something that was on my radar; however, my mind is blown. There are some albums that I like maybe a few songs and the rest is filler. This album is not that type of album. Every song on this album is amazing and puts me in a certain type of mood like I'm in a Tarantino film or something. From beginning to end it changes themes but somehow manages to get better until it climaxes.
Have been a life long fan of the Krayolas since the beginning. Started out listening to them on the jukebox in Mamas Cafe, San Antonio, TX. Ever since they have done nothing but improve on perfection... From there live performances to this new music, it just does not get any better.... Bill, Sugar Land, TX
This band always brings it, from their sexy vocals to their energetic presentation.  I never get tired of Krayolas music, recorded and live!  Do yourself a big favor and git some.
Thanks for the great music.  It was so nice to be able to download a few free MP3's to really get a taste for the band.  You guys didn't miss a beat.  I love the new stuff and Flaco as well as the old favorites.  Keep up the good work and can't wait to see you all at SXSW in March!
...and this collection is among them!  As the great G.G. Gale used to say on the legendary 55 KTSA in San Antonio, they're just not making any more land.  And few bands are making incredible music like this anymore!  Plus, having the golden touch of Flaco on these tunes makes them all the more sweeter...grab these songs, jump in the car, find an open road and crank it!
Like Galactic in New Orleans, San Antonio's finest The Krayolas bridge the gap between old and new. Well, they have been around for hundreds of years, locals speculate, and remain as vital as a bowl of menudo on Sunday morning. Plus, that dang Hector has great hair. The Ks bring a freshness to traditional South Texas music, a deep reverence augmented by a sense of adventurousness. They rock the frack out.
This is a smart sampler from a band that's been on a major creative roll over the last five years. Tuneful pop-rock comes naturally to them, but with each successive release, The Krayolas' slice-of-life vignettes have grown deeper, and their sound has taken on richer cultural flavors, without sacrificing any of the pure-pop pleasure.For the uninitiated, this is a great place to start, and it'll make you want to dig further into their growing catalog of three-minute gems.
I downloaded this because I love anything featuring the great Flaco Jimenez, although I had never heard of The Krayolas. What a loss it would have been to never have discovered them! I'll definitely buy more of their albums. Thanks for the greatest freebie ever!
A great CD by a great band throw in Flaco Jimenez on accordian and just sit back and pop open a cerveza. I love the song "La Fruteria" because it reminds me of going to La Luz Fruteria with my dad. Did I mention the download is free, so there are no excuses...CHECK IT OUT!!!
A lot of pure fun and energy at this session with the great Flaco Jimenez.  The Krayolas really stretch out on "Isabel," which features a complete string arrangement from Henry Gomez.  Get your hands on "Honey Bee of Love" and "Americano 2012" (acoustic version), too.
So many awesome songs on this sampler. Download this as quick as you can. The Krayolas will change your life!
I've heard a few of these songs from other places, but this is an awesome collection for when you're feeling that West Side groove sweeping over you.  I agree with an earlier comment that the ballad Isabel will be a new classic for them.  I can't wait to catch them out and about playing the new songs from here.
First off, the Krayolas are great. They have been around for a long time really stretching and maturing musically. This collection has some great songs across the spectrum. The Tex-Mex sound is great and they use the sound fused with traditional rock/pop influences to make this one lots of fun, even at 10 times the price. :)
Just saw these guys at the SXSW show in Austin. What a show! Do yourself a favor and go see these guys live! They are amazing and the music is fun and tight!
The Krayolas live in their own fanciful audio Universe, and it's a place where unexpected things happen with regularity. Their albums are something of a Musical Mystery Tour to a place where you can straight out rock-n-roll, then do something where the squeezebox takes the melody line. It's a place where you sing in English, then in Spanish. You can do a touching ballad about an immigrant living life on the edge, then the return flight from a broken romance. Few bands flit so effortlessly between the horror of "12 Heads in a Bag" and the love note to a south San Antonio "Fruiteria," then cap it off with a straight ahead protest against racism with "I'm Your Dirty Mexican."To dwell too long on what they write their songs about though keeps you from the music itself. While each album has a style of its own, they all are infused with accessibility, a catchiness that makes you like it--a lot--after just one or two listenings. They don't do a lot of studio tricks; they do very little over-dubbing. The result is slightly retro, in the sense that what you're hearing is them and their instruments, not high end electronics.There may come a time when the Krayolas get their due, but in the mean time, consider yourselves lucky to be in on the magic.
I love the Krayolas and have been to many of their gigs in San Antonio. They never disappoint with their vibrant and lively music that makes you want to get up and dance! I can't wait for their EP coming out later this month!!
The Krayolas are a consistently great-sounding band on record with a great live show. I was at SXSW a few years ago and had no idea who they were. Once they started playing, I was hooked. Have been a fan ever since. You can't go wrong with any of their last several albums.
Great music from Texas! Download it, you will not regret it.La buena m&uacute;sica de Texas! Desc&aacute;rgalo, no se arrepentir&aacute;.
If you've never been fortunate enough to hear the Krayolas live, this is the next best thing.  For the uninitiated, this album is a great introduction to what so many of us already know...that the Krayolas are masters of their trade and simply among the best entertainers around!
This album should be in everybody's collection. The tunes should be blasting out around the clock seven days a week from every radio and Internet streaming audio channels on the planet. I am serious!
Turn it up & get your groove on! The Krayolas have it all & are so much fun.I dare you not to dance especially when Flaco is playing. Classic Tex-Mex.
This is a fun album by a fun band. "Isabel" is an instant classic. But "El Gatito y La Avispa" is a must-listen. So is "Twelve Heads is a Bag." The Krayolas are masters at combining rock, Latin and pop in an intriguing and listenable brew.
MP3 DOWNLOADS FROM AMAZON.COM HAVE ALWAYS COME THROUGH WONDERFUL.  ALWAYS CLEAR AND EASY TO DOWNLOAD.  SO MUCH BETTER THAN BUYING THE WHOLE CD.
Love this album! It is reasonable and pleasant to listen to and I like it and I like it it.!
Since I was small, I remember Richie Ray and Bobby Cruz. They had a show at my school and I gave my life to Jesus that day!
Esta precioso!!!!! De verdad que se lo recomiento a todos. El precio es rezonable lo vi y me encanto el envio fue rapido
I purchased this song shortly after visiting the Capistrano Mission in California.  I have the version by the Inkspots which is also a great song, this version is a worthy addition to that classic.
I've selected this album because there are several songs that we use to sing in our &#34;Romeria del Roc&iacute;o&#34; in my hometown. New members of the choir can learn them easily. Thank you
This is an album not to be missed.. each song is beautifully written and sung, I can't get a lot of these songs out of my mind, ANYTHING CAN HAPPEN is just great and I LOST YOU TO SEPTEMBER really gets to you in a very deep way.. all of the songs have a great impact and you'll want to listen to them over and over again.  I haven't heard anything like this in a very long time.. refreshing and so good to know someone is writing songs like this today.. My hat goes off to Marilyn Berglas for doing this and to Deni Newton for her amazing vocal skills... fantastic cd!!!!!
This  CD  is  a  collector's  dream. Every  song  is  a  unique  treasure  of  melody and  lyric  combined  with  the amazing vocals  of  Deni  Newton.  Just  a  quick  preview  and  you  can  tell  the  quality of  this  CD. I  love  it  and  I  highly  recommend it.  This  is  a  winner  and  all  10  songs  written  by  multi  platinum  songwriter  Marilyn  Berglas are  outstanding.  Get  it....you  will be  so  thankful  you  did!!
I don't like being forced to download Cloud. I had a terrible time trying to save onto my computer since Cloud made it zip-filed and is NOT USER FRIENDLY.Song is next to impossible to locate and the copyright should be over since it's a song from 50 years ago.
Serrat by others in FLAMENCO style -OL&Eacute;!! Songs sounds like new with al the wisdom, poetry, wit and beauty of Serrat
Originally anLPof guitar solos from 1960 by the brilliant flamenco guitarist Sabicas (1912-90), which has now appearedon CD(but only in mono), masquerading as recordings from 1940-50.  The flamenco styles are as follows:a1) Tarantas Dolor gitanoa2) Serranas Sentimento*a3) Malague&ntilde;as El pillalloa4) Farruca La Farruca de las tres Guitarras*a5) Granadinas Patio de los Leonesb1) Alegr&iacute;as Puerto Santa Mar&iacute;a*b2) Ronde&ntilde;a Llanto Minerob3) Fandangos Jardines de Huelva*b4) Siguiriyas Apregonao me tienesb5) Buler&iacute;as Rumbo a la fiesta*Several items (asterisked) are multi-tracked, so in my opinion you're better off with the stereo LP or the MP3s &mdash; mono just doesn't hack it.The total time is 37'01".
A fabulous collection of songs by one of Fania's lesser known legends.  A must have for true fans of the Fania explosion.  Mi Musica and El Mesias deserve special mention for those with the hear of a dancer.
For the price of the album, the 23 songs was a great assortment of music to use for our party--we had a table set up with several sombreros on it hid an iPod under on attached to a speaker. Good mood musid !
Can't wait for the second album to come out, the songs /lyrics are amazing , great motivational music ,will recommend to any one
A Must Buy CD ! , All Great Songs , Coming From A Talented Young Girl , Working For Gods Ministry ,Wishing Her Many Many Success ! You Will Be Bless !
This track is PERFECT to get you going on cardio! The beat and j.lo put this over the top! Follow this track
I love the music of Winsin and Yandel, I love their style of music, it makes me wanna get up and daNCE!
I really love this song, its great to workout to and dance to. Found it on VEVO. Love buying music on the cloud.
It's sexy and flirty and makes you dance. Bought it for my gym playlist but listen to it all day long.
It's upbeat and gets me goin during my workouts. It's great to dance to at the clubs too!The music video is crazy awesome as well.
I love JLO and her work. She def. knows how to either feature in a song or pick the artists. No complaints Great Song!
Love this one! Miss J-Lo in this style of music.  Great for my Cinco dance party with my Jazzy Friends!
one of my favorite female artist, the song make me dancing when i hear it popular song i will recommend it to. my friend
I teach a fitness class, I played this song for the first time and my class loved it! I am very happy with it.
As always, Jennifer is great with an incredible voice and this was a good pair up.  You will absolutely enjoy
Great Song!!! I play it often. Good to dance to. This collaboration was a great match. They should create more music together.
super contenta de verlos juntos a Jennifer, Wisin y Yandel!!!, son pura energia y espero puedan realizar otros exitos!! estoy muy feliz por haber podido descargarla!
I first heard it in Zumba class, then I think it was danced to on &#34;DWTS&#34;. Fabulous, upbeat, high-energy song!
This song really fills the floor, I mix it with other latin Pop its a fun song people love to move to.
Hace unos dias escuche esta cancion en youtube y me encanto. He seguido a Kany desde su primer disco y este nuevo material suena muy bien. Mas folk que sus previas canciones pero mas latino! Ojala salga el disco completo pronto.
These guys are great, the combo of the violin and the horns are perfect and put a great spin on Metal's more melodic songs.
You HAVE to see them live!! All guitar solos are done on trumpet..note for note! This cd always puts me in a fun mood!
Metal. Mariachi. Need I say more? Not like weird Al Yank... maybe a bit like steel panther mixed with victor borge.
This is the most original idea I've heard in a very long time. All the classics with a mariachi metal twist.
these guys play the guitar solos note for note on the trumpet and violin, a new twist I could really enjoy, when people hear it for the first time their face lights up and they wanna know where to get it, Check it out!!!