I ordered this for Christmas for my grandson along with a pair of binoculars.I thought I was ordering a book and was surprised by this thin booklet.Its written for adults not children, more for taking your children out looking for birds.I am not returning it because its now too close to Christmas to order anything else.Just letting any reader know, its a small booklet, not a book and it's not something that would be easy to read by children.I wish I had read the whole description.
You cannot sell blessed items.  This is the sin of simony.  Even if you try to justify it and say, "I am only selling the product, and not the blessing, etc." it is still forbidden.  Please sell non-blessed items to avoid this.
I bought this to make a rosary out of and at first handling it seemed a great buy......but when i took it out of the baggie it came in to attach it to the rosary, the pieces of "jade" started falling out of the pendant and 1 piece broke...it is definately not jade and too light to even be stone.....it looks like dyed plastic or maybe a light weight plaster(it was white inside of the broken piece).  very pretty to look at but poorly made.....badly glued together and when exposed to a little heat (meaning the heat from my hand after holding it for a few minutes in stunned disbelief) the metal turned soft and bent out of shape and the glued "jade" pieces all fell out.  I will NEVER buy anything else from this particular vendor EVER again...and all of this after waiting almost 2 weeks for it to arrive.
I bought this to make a rosary out of and at first handling it seemed a great buy......but when i took it out of the baggie it came in to attach it to the rosary, the pieces of "jade" started falling out of the pendant and 1 piece broke...it is definately not jade and too light to even be stone.....it looks like dyed plastic or maybe a light weight plaster(it was white inside of the broken piece). very pretty to look at but poorly made.....badly glued together and when exposed to a little heat (meaning the heat from my hand after holding it for a few minutes in stunned disbelief) the metal turned soft and bent out of shape and the glued "jade" pieces all fell out. I will NEVER buy anything else from this particular vendor EVER again...and all of this after waiting almost 2 weeks for it to arrive.
fell apart first day
DON'T BUY IT !!!!!!  DON'T LOSE YOUR MONEY !!!!!DOES NOT STAY UP ON ITS OWN.DOES NOT HAVE DIVIDERS, AS OTHERS.
Case does not stand upright as packaging says "hardware not included". All it does is flop around even if you are trying to insert items. Also the carpet attachment strips do not adhere at all. A waste of money.
It is flimsy cheap plastic and is not solid.  There should be a description of the item on Amazon so people know what they are getting.  The clock doesn't work and the heart isn't solid.  The item that came didn't look like the picture either; it came with flowers on the chain, so it isn't even what I ordered.
Very disappointed with the "clock" once received.  It is not at all what I expected.  I'd pay $.99 for something liek this not $10.
This is nothing more than a sheet of colored plastic, molded to shape, with a crappy tin chain attached.  It could not have cost more than $.05 to make and to ship here from China.  A,total waste of money.
This is the biggest RIP OFF I have ever bought on line. I could of bought something this cheap at the dollar store. WHAT A PIECE OF CRAP!!!
My clock didn't look like the one advertised, the numbers are scrolled.  But my stupidity in not paying closer attention, was that it's fake.  I of course thought it was going to be plastic, but also thought it was going to be able to be hung on the wall and watch it tick.  It looked really cute on the pictured advertised buy crappie when I got it. I can't send it back, it would cost me even more.
It did not match the Photograph, and it was very light and thin.I did not feel that I could trust it.
Is made very cheaply very flimsy.It is not worth the money.Not durable at all.It comes with a cheap looking chain
I thought this product was a "bubble" of plastic, only to find out there is no back to it.  My 4 year old really wanted the heart for his Tin Man costume, so he may get one wear out of it before he breaks it.  It is super flimsy.  NOT WORTH $6 PLUS shipping!!!  The picture is VERY deceiving.  I should have read the reviews first. :(
This is a very cheaply made product.  I used this for my 3 yr. old for Halloween.  It barely made it through the night because it was so flimsy.It's made out of a very thin plastic.  Also, the chain kept coming apart.
I knew from the other reviews this was going to be cheaply made and it really is.  I just didn't know what other alternative there was to complete my 3 year-old's tin man costume.  I'm leaving it in the package until we need it so there are no chances of it breaking beforehand.
This is a thin piece of plastic that should be sold at the dollar store not for nearly $10... DO NOT BUY!!!!
The heart is a piece of flimsy plastic with no back. We are not impressed. I felt duped when we opened it and felt that surely there had been a mistake.
I got this to complete a tinman costume.  My 4 year old was very sad, as was I, at the poor quality.
This heart is very big even for an older child. I bought it for my baby knowing it would be large; however, this heart looks big on my husband. The chain is very flimsy and it uses a safety pin to secure it. Ended up making my own.
I would not recommend this product.  The plastic was dented when it arrived.  Flimsy.  I expected better for the price.
What can you say about a little plastic clock that probably costs .10 to make, it is what it is but for a 4 year old who is Tin Man, you need to complete the costume. Go Tin Man.
This is a very thin stamped mold of a heart. You could probably rip the plastic if it caught on something and if the heart that step done or crushed in the kids backpack there would be no repairing it. The face of the clock is a sticker. This heart completes the tin man outfit but I liken it to a dollar store product.
I wish i would have read the reviews.  the photo on the entry looked like the real thing, it is about as flimsy as a cheap paper plate.  not sure i will even use it for our oz production.
For the price, I was expecting a lot more! It is a thin piece of plastic without a back.  Would never purchase or recommend to anyone!
Very weak and flimsy product.  Not even 3 dimensional -- barely half a heart. Can't believe I paid $9.99 for this accessory.  Strongly suggest anyone seeking a Tin Man costume find an alternative accessory for the heart.
Dont waste your money. It looks like it would be a good accessory for your costume but its just a light weight piece of plastic you safety pin to your costume. I could of homemade one that looked more convincing.
I have to say I was disappointed with this purchase.  First of all, the product came to me in the mail smashed.  I was able to pop the heart back into shape, but the plastic was marked from being smashed. Secondly, there was no back to the heart.  It is not a full hollow plastic heart as it appears to be.  From the front it looks great.  From the back, it's just the white shell of the front piece.  The chain was very flimsy.  I was mostly disappointed that it wasn't packaged properly and came smashed.
This was purchased for my three year-old's Halloween costume.  I had read that it was made of cheap plastic, but that doesn't do it's crappiness justice.  It is extremely thin, rigid plastic that tears and marks if slightly bent.  It is only the front of the clock, there is absolutely no backing at all, just an open crevice.  I didn't expect working hands, but I did expect a back.  The whole product cost pennies to make and I paid [...] plus shipping.  It just isn't worth that much.
I wish giving the product no stars was an option.  Very poor quality.  Fell apart the first time my son wore it.  I should have saved my money & made him one!
These are supposed to keep my newborn from scratching her face, but they are WAY too big for her. She still doesn't fit them at 8 weeks. Waste of shipping charge.
I was looking for a heavy, quality hankerchief, and was willing to pay for it.  I did pay substantially for the hankerchiefs, and they are no heavier than a chief Walmart brand!
I liked the looks of the case, and the color was perfect and the price was very reasonable--$80.  I rolled it around the store a little bit and then made the purchase.  The trouble started as soon as I packed it for my first trip.  Impossible to figure out how to get it to stay balanced.  It's forever tipping, dipping, and mainly not rolling smoothly.  No wonder it was on a half price sale!  Anyone want it?  It's yours, just tell me where to send it!
The year is now 2009. Why is anyone making or selling hardside luggage without TSA approved locks? Hello? Hello?
I have owned two Derek Alexander wallets and was looking forward to owning this one.I have the earlier version of this wallet and preforms 100% better than the new one.THe problem with the new version is the addition of leather tabs on the top of each separator, which makes it much bulkier than it's earlier model. In addition, because of its bulk it hold fewer credit cards.Who tested this product?
This clutch did not last three weeks before that closing latch broke. Very poor quality. Not worth the money. They did give me a full refund .
This was the second CalPak rolling backback I purchased.  I had gotten my 6 year old one for school.  There was a bar with 2 plastic 'feet' at the bottom to balance the wheels at the back and allow it to stand.  One of the 'feet' at the bottom cracked off after a few months.  This made it unable to stand up and basically unusable.  We looked for a replacement one on-line and purchased another of the same type by mistake - I didn't realize it was the same manufacturer.  This one didn't last 2 weeks.  The same support bar snapped off within a week or so of use.  I am in the midst of trying to arrange a return of this to CalPak.
This item was disappointing.  The belt size did not hold and I was not able to wear it around my waist.  It wound up in my purse which was what I was trying to avoid.
Before our trip to Rome I "tested" this along with a neck unit. The "belt" that holds this around your waist has nothing to keep it from slipping loose from the buckle. This can drop to the ground without you knowing it! Needless to say, we left it home. See my review of the excellent neck pouch we took on our trip.
The product itself is ok but it contains an antimicrobial additive. The origin of this additive is not indicated on the packaging so there is no way to know if it represents a potential health hazard. Better safe than sorry.
Wore this for six weeks first time abroad. Not only is this uncomfortable, but you feel and look like an idiot. Dont listen to the boogie stories about traveling abroad. This item is not necessary. Be smart, dont stick out like someone who has a passport and 500euros in their pocket, and you will be fine. There is more petty crime in the US than most countries, so if you feel comfortable in the states, you dont need this.
Though previous reviews led me to buy this for my husband for our Europe travels, he only used it once since the elastic strap sagged under his clothes. I will be returning this. I hate to be a name dropper, but my passport pouch from TravelSmith was/is an excellent choice.
We've had two now and the both leaked.  One of them popped 4 holes!  It's comfortable, but has ZERO reliability after 3-4 plane trips.
I received this as a gift and it attaches to my chair where I sit and work on my computer.  it feels very comfortable but unfortunately all of the air leaks out after 30 minutes.  I need to find a better product.
At first, I was really pleased with the purchase of this pillow. The support was just right for my lower back.  I used it in my car everyday.  I have had it only 3 months and now it does not stay inflated.  I'm really disappointed.
This seller was nice and gave me a refund, but please know that as of about May 20, 2012, when I ordered this product, the Going in Style company sent a newer version that is/was not the pictured item.  The new replacement item by Eagle Creek is called the Back Buddy.  It is a terrible product.  Please see the reviews for that product here on Amazon.  It is terrible at holding air, and when it did for short periods, was not nearly as good a back support as the previous version (which by the way, had a somewhat different shape).  Thanks....
This lumbar pillow is very stiff and uncomfortable.It doesn't matter whether it is fully inflated or just a little inflated.
I need something like this pillow, but I've just had two of these in a row, and neither would hold air. Both completely deflated within minutes. I returned the first as defective, but after a second try, I give up. I have a friend who say's his works, so you take your chances. I'll be looking for something more reliable.
I agree with the reviewer that commented that these boxers do not wear well.  In fact, they start to disintegrate after only half a dozen washings.  I do not recommend purchasing this product.
Doesn't even stay sticking to your skin. Terrible and a waste of money. It makes your boobs look squished down. Does not lift breasts at all
They didn't work too well. Had to use a lot of tape to help them actually stick... Good luck! Maybe it's my chest size?
These are horrible.  Do not stick well.. Didn't work for me at all.  Do not Waste your money!!!! Buy BareLifts
Did give some lift but does not stick well at all, even on dry unlotioned skin. Every time I moved the tape came off and I would have to discreetly re-stick.
These things are made from paper tape.  They do stick but become unstuck very easily.  They did not provide lift.  This product is a waste of money as far as I am concerned.
This wallet is almost useless - should be renamed a card holder which realistically can only hold approximately 6 cards. Much too costly!  It should be noted that this item cannot hold any money, unless folded very small, which ofcourse makes it bulky and unable to close!  I wasted $30.00!
After much discussion with the vendor, my family is disappointed to find that the vendor, Future Memories Inc., refuses to warranty the product.  The product was purchased more than a month before Christmas for my 5 year-old son.  By the time he got it over Christmas, it was beyond the company's "return" policy.  While we loved the look of the gear, the zipper failed in just a few uses.  When approached about charging a quality price ($50) but not delivering quality, the company hid behind their return policy, as if we changed our mind on style or something.  We'd love the product...if only it was usable.  We are saddened now that my son is embarrassed to wear the gear around the fire hall with the guys because his doesn't zip up like their's does.  The rating scores are low in every category on this product because...  The toy would have been fun and educational if he could have actually worn it.  The durability is really a HUGE zero.  Given that durability prevents the toy's actual use, and that we paid 50 bucks for it, the overall rating is poor.  If there was a category for service, it would be just as low.  Once we found that the company didn't misunderstand that we had a defect, that they just actually refused to acknowledge it, we realized that we had been taken for a ride.  Spare yourself the heartache, the money, and the tears of your child.  If you want this level of quality, be sure to only pay "costume" price.  If you want durability, quality, and service, suitable to wear around your local fire hall and play in all day...., then find another vendor.  Save yourself.
my grandson (3 yrs) loves any thing that has any thing to do with fire trucks. His  grandfather is a volunteer fireman and has him at fire department all time. I bought him one of these for his birthday and he wears it all day every day. He wore holes in it so i had to buy a new one.  so anything that makes him happy  deserves 5 stars.
i have brought 4/6 size and that does not fit my for my 4 and half years son(which is weired ) , i have tried to return it but then they wanted me to bear the return shipping costs and they will deduct 20% of the actual cost... iam Sorry but i have to say it is ridiculus..
I purchased two uniforms in the same size one in white the other in black. The black uniform's waste was was half the size of the white and way to small to wear on any child that age. They said that it was not defective after I sent them picture of the two pairs of pants showing the size difference. When I returned the items at my own expense they not only deducted the shipping I paid but they deducted an additional 3.00 for shipping expenses. Terrible customer service. It also took them weeks to refund my money after several calls.
After paying $75.00 you would think they would be a good quality no support worn out very fast. Very disappointed
I thought this would be a soft suede jacket.  I was wrong.  It is stiff and even looks stiff when you wear it.  It has never softened even after wearing it.  I won't order a jacket like this on line anymore.  The color was nice but like I said, the jacket feels stiff and looks stiff, very cheap looking.
You have GOT to be kidding!  Who sells or buys clothing based on silly sketch?  Only total idiots!Amazon, you should be ashamed of yourself for soliciting your customers with sketches of items.  Laughs... so tacky!
Very poor quaility, dark and cloudy.  VERY disappointed.  Not worth five cents in my opinion.
I purchased an item from them which shipped late.  When it arrived it was not as advertised. you could not even see the diamonds to the naked eye.  It was also much smaller than advertised.  When I went to return it they charged me a $18 restocking fee which is contrary to their money back guarantee.  Don't believe or trust them.  My CC company returned the difference because they found szul in the wrong.  Don't be fooled.  Be warned instead.
This product did not Mach the picture returned it $10 later.  Not very happy at all ! ! ! !
I returned this case after receiving it.  It was very cheapy made and probably would not have made the first flight I was going to use it.I did upgrade to a better quality Skyway bag and it is working fine.
I had always had good luck with Timex, but not with this watch, though.  I found that the watch ran fast.  It would gain about an hour over a 24 hr period.I returned it with no problem at all.  Then, I bought a Casio Atomic watch from Amazon. It is doing great.
the band is too short for my wrist and I am not a large person. also it losses time, about 20 minutes a day.This makes it totaly worthless in my opinion
Got the Timex T40051 9J on July 11, 2011, stopped working on October 2, 2011.  I like the look and the readibility of the watch, but 2 1/2 months- and broken- ridiulous .  Called Timex- after all it has a one year warranty.  You have to send them the watch with $8 for postage and handling, and then they say it takes about 4 weeks.  Why should I have to pay $8 and wait 4 weeks when its THEIR fault????.
To bad it did not work. I think it is a manufacturing problem that does not let the stem engage to turn the watch on, because if you press on the stem it operates. Great size for medium frame men, good face and case, and the military time is readable.Update: Do Not buy this watch!!!
Amazon was previously selling this watch through a vendor, 'watches4u.'  I noticed this watch was selling at a very good price, cheaper than it is now just two days ago and I ordered it.  Unfortunately, Amazon/Watches4U sent the wrong watch, a cloth banded, digital that sells for less than $20.  I called the Amazon customer service and received no help whatsoever.  The rep couldn't speak English and I think I was talking to someone in Calcutta some place.One glorious waste of time, energy, and money.  I fault both Amazon and their vendor on this one!!!Just be wary of what you are ordering and from whom.
First of all, this is the first watch I have bought on line-always have been in-store only. I was sent the wrong watch: a huge Timex Digital Ironman watch. It took over two hours to process the return. The Amazon site did not let me return the product stating that it doesn't guarantee external transactions; that's funny, this was purchased through Amazon Prime and it said "Sold by Amazon LLC"...not an external distributer. Anyway, I had to wait till a rep called me so I can print the return label (no problems with the person helping me, they were great as always). I had to order it again, because I was convinced it was finally what I wanted after searching for a bit. The refund was unavailable. After it arrived, either the batteries where dead or the watch itself was a lemon. I took it to the only jewelers near my work and was told that it would be $30 to replace the battery. This just seems crazy since CVS carries the battery for $7 and the watch cost $30.00. It was going to be more expensive to get this thing working than the actual retail cost to me. Why... Why me?Well, it did work for about 4 hours. I have had it for a week now and it is just collecting dust. I feel sooo deceived. Never again will I buy a watch on the internet.
well we used bag one time on trip to cleveland, during that time the zipper broke off,so we had to tape it up, so we could take clothes home.
zipper broke after less than a week. The bag material is decent but low quality overall, will not recommend to others.
The travel garmet bag had hole in at the zipper seam. I need aReplacement for my next travel July 2nd 2014.
I bought this bag because of its low price and it filled a need to carry garments in the back of the car when traveling.  The first time I zipped it up and lifted the bag the zipper pulled apart.  The zipper teeth will not hold together. It's not worth the time and trouble to return for a new one, particularly since the first one gives me no confidence a replacement will work.Edward Sherrill
I love the bag, but its says packet of 2, however I received (1)one, that's my only problem, I would recommend others to buy because they are good
When I received it I thought it looked pretty good.  I put three shirts and two pants in the garment bag and hung it in my closet.  This morning I removed one of the shirts and went to church.  After I came home I changed clothes and went to put the shirt back in the garment bag I noticed that one of the seams had a gap in it.  When it was sewn up the cheaply paid Chinese sewing machine operator missed putting the bag ends far enough into the binding, and so the thing is coming apart.The dang thing isn't worth paying shipping to return it.  I'll probably just sew it up by hand, but it's too bad I've got to fix something that I just purchased.Oh, how I miss the good old days when I could go to the store and buy something made in America.
dont get me wrong the people were nice when i wrote to them buttttttttttttttt.. like someone else said it doesnt close to take on a trip,, so thin only holds a few things and the bag is so flimsey, i saw the same thing at the dollar tree for 1.00.. not worth sending it back to them it would cost as much as the postage.. i wouldnt recommed this for travel at all.. if u want to store something in your closet your better off using a large garbage bad.. very unsatisfied with this product needless to say
This travel garment bag would be ok if it remained in your closet at home, but to travel on an airplane, or to go on a cruise ship; it was such a terrible disappointment!!  There is no handle to carry this garment bag. There is no place on the garment bag to hang tags from airlines or a cruise ships which would identify where the garment bag is to be taken; what room or what deck, etc.  THIS IS A JOKE FOR A TRAVEL BAG.  WE ARE PUTTING IT INTO THE TRASH WHERE IT BELONGS......... WE WERE SO DISAPPOINTED WITH YOUR PRODUCT.  At this point, I doubt that we would trust buying another product from you.  I hate to say this to you, but we feel that we muist be honest.Sincerely,Martha Stanton
Not a lot to be excited about with this bag except the low price - oops! The material is very thin, the side zipper is awkwardly placed, making it difficult to get clothes in, the hanger tie at the top needs its own instruction manual (I can't figure out what I'm supposed to do with it!), and the stitches on the name-tag slot have started to come out after the first use. Yeah, not a lot to get excited about.
It does the job, is plenty long enough, and once it's zippered your good. I don't trust the zipper, material is really thin, and it's overpriced. If you need it quickly, get it. If not, take a pass.  I can't recommend it for long term use.
Wow. Well, you definitely get what you pay for. I was zipping this garment bag up for the first time and the zipper popped right off. The bag had one item in it (a summer dress). I did not yank on the zipper or do anything that should have caused the zipper to break. Furthermore, the actual bag's material is very thin and quite flimsy, so even if the zipper didn't break, I would not have been surprised if the bag tore during a move. Suffice to say: this product is absolute crap.
All hangers have to be held together and lifted to get inside the bag. Not useful for a senior citizen traveling alone.
We purchased TWO of these - one for mom, one for dad, so we wouldn't have to readjust the straps every time.Cons: These are quite complicated to put on - the adult portion and baby portion are connected by 4 straps and 2 pieces of velcro - which have to be undone every time baby comes on or off.  The velcro is loud and sure to wake a sleeping baby. The waist strap sits at the lower back and does not distribute weight on the hips as other Kelty carriers do, so all the weight is on the shoulders.  The front part folds down very clumsily and one of the little red loops holding the front flap down in the forward facing position broke after the second use.Pros: Baby is well supported in the hips as the seat area is heavily padded and the little diaper bag is nice.We have tried so many of the the carriers - Kelty Kangaroo, Kangaroo Sling, Moby Wrap, Mei Tai, Baby Bjorn Active, Ergo Sport, and Hipseat.  Kelty Kangaroo was our least favorite, the Ergo Baby Sport Carrier was our favorite.Pros: The Ergo Sport is one piece, baby slides in from the top, it distributes weight on the parent's hips, and baby's hips are well supported.Cons: Baby cannot face outward in the front position and there is no place for an extra diaper.
It's not very stretchy and I, unfortunately, have large calves. I'm 5'4&#34; and more of an &#34;athletic&#34; build. This only went up to my shin and I felt like circulation was being cut off to my legs. I can only imagine how it will fit after a few washes. I had high hopes for these socks, but I wouldn't buy another pair nor recommend it.
Lovely purple color but the most uncomfortable socks I've ever worn. The tube part, too tight for my thin calfs,  feels like wearing tight elastic bands at the end of the day. I had deep impressions on my calfs after wearing socks that nearly altered my circulation in my legs. I'm 120 lbs and thin boned and not the average woman in weight.
THEY BEGIN TO LOOSE VALUE $1/50 PER MONTH AFTER ONLY 1 YEAR OF NON USE. WHILE THE ENTIRE APPAREL INDUSTRY HAS REVAMPED GIFT CARD POLICIES TO HAVE - N O  E X P I R A T I O N  D A T E -& YOU CAN CALL FOR BALANCE INFO 24 HRS A DAY...N O T  F O O T L O C K E R! YOU HAVE TO GO TO THE STORE TO GET THE BALANCE AMOUNT. DINOSAURS IN THE DATA AGE. EXECUTIVES OF FOOTLOCKER MUST BE ENTIRELY MALE & ONE SIDED ON BRAIN FUNCTION.PREVIOUSLY, THE INDUSTRY NORM WAS TO WAIT 24 MONTHS BEFORE VALUES DEGRADED AND AT $1.00/MONTH. TSK TSK TSK.
If you order this card online, they will charge you $7 for shipping (keep in mind this is only a card and would cost a max of $3.85 at the USPS for priority.)  PLUS they charge TAX on the card and THEN of course you pay TAX on the merchadise at the store. They shouldn't charge tax on a gift card, since you pay TAX at the store.
When I first got it I loved it. But in one week of wearing it I realized that the back of one of the earrings is missing. I don't know when did it come off or where. Looking for it also turned out a hassle since the plastic is clear and impossible to spot. So there you have it, I spent 25 dollars for nothing :(
The knife blade is too thick and doesn't get under the edge of the battery cover on small female watches.  Be warned!!
Doesn't have a thin-enough knife edge to get under most of my watches.  Not much use at all.  Get a different one or just use an old swiss army blade.
Tried using this on my Timex, which is an ordinary (read: cheap) watch. Yet this tool cannot do anything to open it, it is even thicker than  the blade on my Swiss army knife, which I tried unsuccessfully to open it. I thought this is a specialized tool that can do a better job than a regular knife. Lessons learned. Not sure why it is even called a watch opener, it probably can only open a watch cheaper than its value.
I bought this to open the back of a couple of watches and it was too thick. I ended up using an exacto knife.
I have watches with no notch in the back to enable a small screwdriver to be inserted to pry off the back to change the battery. I thought I was going to have to throw them away. I was very frustrated. I was hoping this product would be thin enough to fit between the back and the watch case. It was not. In fact, a number of my small screwdrivers were much thinner. It didn't work at all. However, I also ordered the Adjustable Snappy Case Opener advertised on Amazon. It worked beautifully! It wasn't really thin enough to slip under the watch backs and at first I thought it wasn't going to work, but I just positioned it against each back, pushed down(it has a spring action), and the watch backs popped right off!
The blade is just too thick to fit under the rim of the case. A waste of money.  I don't know how the other reviewers could recommend this for a woman's dress watch.
In my judgement, cheap looking, not sharp enought to catch the back over of the watch, had to use my Swiss army knife to pry watch cover off.  Not recommended, waste of money.
This watch opener doesn't work for my watch case. The blade cannot get under the very small edge of the tightly adhered case back.  I tried numerous times and at various angles and knife positions but finally gave up on this item as it would only scratch the back. I guess I will have to try another method and tool.  At least the cost was cheap but the item is of no value to me.
Did not work at all!  Have 1/2 dozen watches and this will not open ANY of them.  I got the backs off 2 with a kitchen knife.  The blade is MUCH to thick to open a watch back,  Please do not waste your money on this.
The steel used in the blade is very soft,  bends and won't hold its edge.Handel very unkind to your hands.
I tried this product on 5 watches but could only open one. The product is actually well made but doesnt work on most watches. One huge problem is that everytime the blade slips off the back of the watch cover it hits your thumb. One blood thumb which I hit numerous times and the fact that it did not open most types (all of my watches were different backs) makes me rate this product poorly.
$85 freaking dollars!!! What the hell is wrong with Ecko!!!  I mean of course the clock is rare and it is a great stroll down memory lane, but there is no way in hell that I am paying $85 dollars for some cheap plastic with a cheap speaker inside that is muffling Yo G! Yeah boy!Come'on, lets be honest after mass production this clock probaly cost them $5 dollars to manufacture, the licensing fees etc...we have $10-20 dollars tops!!  For a clock that once I am done with my bachellor life I need to either give to my kids or store in the closet.I will wait until they do not know what to do with all those overpriced clock and finally lower down the price to a level that doesnt leave your posterior aching everytime you are going to sit down.Yeah boy!
I bought this Western Pack about 6 months ago and the main buckle has already broken. The tag says to mail back with $15 for handling..The pack is not worth $15.....live and learn. Buyers beware this pack has a cheap plastic buckle that cracked within a few months.
I purchased 2 of these umbrellas.  The automatic "up" function did not work on either one so both were returned.  A big disappointment.
I ordered both white and tan and received white and green pair of mule sandals. I returned both after the horrible customer service I received. The mistake was on their end and when I called to say I needed the tan ones quickly instead of sending the tan's one out once notice was given that I mailed out (on the return receipt scan) they said the tan ones wouldn't be sent out until the return was processed. Which could take up to 2 weeks.  I find that extremely unprofessional. They made the mistake and I should not have to re-buy a third pair to receive the ones I ordered the first time.
These were definitely marked wrong on the inside.  I've taken a 6 1/2 all my adult life, but I couldn't get these on without severe pain.  When I thought to measure the length against other shoes I own, I discovered why:  they were clearly a whole inch shorter than every other pair I have.On the looks of the shoe, well... maybe this was my misperception -- but I thought they would be wovens -- they are not.  And the part that is to look like champagne metallic -- this is not so attractive a color in one's hand.  The heel also, looks higher in the picture than it is on the actual shoe.So overall... not a happy camper.  Hope the return is not so painful.
The shoes were exactly what I wanted but I could not get my foot into it. I returned them a week ago and asked for a size 9 instead but still have not received them back yet. I look forward to receiving thm.
It looked like a nice shoe.  However, when the shoes arrived- they were size  7 D/E.  If you wear a C width, they will be too wide for you.  I wear a 7 C/D, tried these on and they were too large.  Again, if you have a moderately wide foot,  DO NOT ORDER THESE, you will be disappointed.
I'm a size 9, through and through, and I've never had the problems with other shoes that I had with these. Don't get me wrong- I'm a Softspots fan, but these shoes are not well-designed.I tried these on and couldn't take more than 2 steps in them, they hurt my feet so badly. When the shoe bends as you're walking, the strips on top come together to pinch the skin on the top of my foot.
These shoes must be made for hobbits.  Maybe munchkins.  They are very nice, look good, but forget it when it comes to fit.  They aren't even close.  My cat can't get her feet in these things.  Well, maybe not that bad.  The real problem is that when you return them because they've not adhered to &#34;US&#34; sizing norms, and you get stuck with some shoes that are basically useless, you MUST PAY UP TO $10 TO JUST HAVE THEM SHIPPED BACK!!!!MY ADVICE...STEER CLEAR.  DON'T BUY THEM FOR ANY REASON, UNLESS YOU HAVE STOCK IN THE USPS.  You'll end up returning them at your cost because they can't get normal sizing right.
This was without a doght the worst pair of shoes I have ever had the misfortune to attempt to purchase.  First they were ugly, second they were way too tight, and last they would never be something I would buy.  It cost $10 to return and I could not have worn them if I wanted to. This was false advertising if there ever was one.
The quality of the shoe was good, but I returned them because the fit in the heel was too wide.  Slipped up and down when I tried to walk.
When I first got these shoes, I loved them.  They were cute, comfy and a good fit.  Within a few days, I noticed they seemed to be a little large after all.  After a week or so, I realized they were stretching and were quite loose.  But they stayed on my feet (kind of), so I kept wearing them.  After a few weeks, they had stretched so much that I could no longer wear them - and then I noticed that the heels had worn half-way down and there were actual holes developing in the bottoms!  This is after less than a month of wearing (and I'm not mountain-climbing in them either).  I called the seller (Footsmart) and they said they would not take the shoes back as defective since they had been worn, but gave me the manufacturer's number.  The manufacturer said they had a warranty, so I reported the problem.  When I didn't hear back, I tried again.  I was told it would take two weeks to receive a response.  I waited two weeks (I work for a manufacturer - we respond to customer complaints within one business day).  No response.  Several calls and one month later, I am still waiting to receive a mailing label so I can send the shoes to the manufacturer for evaluation.  I will update this if I do receive a satisfactory solution at any point, but as of now, I would say to stay away from these shoes!
Wasted my money on this shoe. The first day my wife wore them they fit perfectly. By the second day, they streched so much she had difficulty keeping them on her feet.
This watch did not work.  No idea why.  I did not want to take a new watch and get a battery into it.  Returned it.  and it did not fit my large wrist.
Item never arrived at my house. Called company and they said "we sent it". Refused to send another and refused to offer credit. Can't actually say if the product is any good as I've never seen it...but I won't buy from this vendor again.
If you are bigger chested, these things do not work at all!  no way do they hold you up or anything remotely close to be up.  mise well wear nothing at all.  Don't waste your money.
This looks fine and keeps adaquate time but the hands are the same color as the background and it is difficult to read in broad daylight and impossible to read in reduced light.
More than 2,000 dollars for a shirt????? are you nuts????
I bought this product about 3 mos ago and use it (max) about 3 times a week to bring my 14.1" laptop back and forth to work- pretty light use. All ready the laptop sleeve seams have started to tear, the leather shows significant wear, and the bag has no solid insert in the bottom, so despite the cute little protective buttons on the buttons on the bottom, the minute you put your laptop in, the bag bottoms out. For the price, would put this on a recommended list, though it's a cute bag.
I understand that silver is a fine metal yet I am very disgusted that I have this product under a month and it is not worth throwing over the hill...had I only paid $5 it may have been worth it.
What I received was not even close to the picture. Not sure if it is "waterproof" or not. Fits my Timex Expedition but not sure how long it will last.. Not a "sport" strap, more of a "fashion" strap. Good thing it is a Prime item, it is going back.
This ring is a weird shape and it is too heavy to wear. There is no exchange option to wer so  i''m returning it.
The face fogged up from perspiration like a cheap watch I had one time.
I bought these for a wedding and had to buy new ones at the last minute.  First of all, they were too short for my legs.  And why is that?  Not only were they too short, these things have absolutely no stretch and get runs VERY easily.  I am NOT ordering nylons online anymore.  I would prefer to see what kind of material they are actually made of before I buy!  I got better nylons for half the price at another store!
I just purchased the unit and followed the instructions to use it. All the steam just flows out of the top from the cap. I sent the manufacturer an email. Well see what happens next. Good luck to all new buyers.
I bought this and after 2 days of wear the buckle fell off on both shoes. I tried to jimmy it back on to no avail, they are sitting some where under some stuff in my closet and I am unable to wear them. I should have sent them back but I forgot about it, and now it has been too long since I bought them. Very cheap!
Though they are advertised as imported suede boots, these boots are made of some sort of plastic!  ALL MAN MADE MATERIALS is printed plainly on the bottom of the shoe.BEWARE - FALSE ADVERTISING!!NEWPORT NEWS has been alerted and they are "very sorry."
I chose these knee socks because they are plain with a smooth not raised knit. Also purchased them to wear with my knee high boots. However I have yet to find knee socks that stay up to the knees. Very frustrating to pay a lot of money for knee socks..., $7. each at amazon.com only to find that they are no better than $1.00 knee socks at Wal-Mart!
This product (navy blue knee socks) advertised to be over 60% cotton, which is why I bought them. They are only 33% cotton.  Secondly, the navy knee socks don't stay up.  I was too lazy to return them, but should have.  Am disappointed in Amazon and will be far more cautious in ordering anything in the future.  The brand name is Hue and their products are becoming more and more synthetic, which is why I do not buy their socks in the stores.  I was taken in by the false >60% cotton description.  No more of their socks for me!
The top elastic portion of this knee sock is of poor quality - my pair did not survive a full day of wearing and as a consequence, I had to keep pulling the knee sock back up toward my knee. I would not recommnd this product.
Was swayed to buy these socks by the 5-star ratings (should have headed the 2-star ratings which warned against holes). After only a few wearings, found holes in toes of both socks. Customer service no help. Standard line, "Thank you so much for shopping with us today" did nothing to help. Beware of a company that will not stand behind its product. I only gave this a 1-star because there was not a "0" star rating. Bad product, bad customer service.
I have been wearing Gold Toe socks for 20 years or more. I still have a number of pairs of the Canterbury that are over 10 years old and still doing fine. I recently bought some of these new ones and the top elastic frayed on the first pair I wore after 1 washing. On inspecting the other 2 pair, I found 1 came with frayed top elastic. Assuming I got a rare defective 3 pair, I sent back for replacement. Amazon, being a GREAT vendor, made this process very easy. The second pack of 3 was no better. Same problem. I sent 2nd pack back for refund. These are obviously not the high quality Gold Toe I have been used to. I will not buy anymore. Really too bad.
No padding in toe and heel whatsoever. I bought these for my husband and he wore them out in 2 weeks. Won't buy again
These socks are not like the Gold Toe socks I have enjoyed for years. The quality is awful. Thin and ill fitting. Bad.
It used to be that you could buy Gold Toe and be assured of good quality. Now, they have sold out the name and the quality is terrible. Last pack of socks were thrown away. The socks after one wash became much smaller and scratchy. C'mon, they have been making socks forever, they should have the formula down by now. Avoid unless you like tight sandpaper socks.
The last half dozen Gold Toe socks that I bought have turned from black to a deep brown after one washing.  Very annoying.  No problem with the older ones.
I've had these socks for a month and already holes are starting to develop. I don't know if I got a bad batch, or if Amazon just shipped the cheapest ones they could find for Father's Day.
Right now I have one sock which is solid black and one sock which has an annoying gold toe. As long as I am at work this is fine, but if I take my shoes off after work someone will taunt me for my yellow toe on just one foot.To prevent this from happening in the future, my only choices are to A: sit around and match socks every time I do laundry. B: Throw away all of my solid black socks because they don't match my gold toe socks. C: Throw away all of my gold toe socks and only buy solid black socks.Solid black socks match every other solid black sock closely enough that throwing away the gold toe socks is the clear solution. I will waste hours of my time worth far more than the value of the sock if I try and only wear two solid black socks or two gold toe socks while owning both. If I keep the gold toe socks I will almost certainly face a situation a few years from now where the product is discontinued and I am faced with the same problem. I will always be able to find solid black socks.In summary, this product is useless. Find a solid black sock.
I purchased both styles and found the canterbury did not have the same elastic staying power as the metropolitan.  After wearing the canterbury once, they are going in the trash.
I bought these for my husband who needed nice brown socks. I've bought Gold Toe before, but a different style. After the initial wash - I wash everything before wearing - the fibers began pulling apart and the material began pilling. It now collects every dust bunny in the house. Very poor quality.
these socks are terrible; they simply don't stay on.  they slip and slide and fall off the feet, even when in shoes.
These socks DO NOT STAY UP.  I am a 150-pound 5' 9" male, so I obviously do not have inordinately large or oddly-shaped calves, but these socks simply do not stay up.  Only the regretfully former Interwoven socks truly stayed up (and were guaranteed to do so).  I am extremely disappointed in these socks, and bought six pair of them believing in the positive reviews.
Not as expected, too short,  nothing special for the price - took forever to receive ( about 3 weeks)
After a few washing of the socks, they began to have "pills" on them.  Quality not like it used to be.
Like everything else these days quality is not an issue only price. Gold Toe used to be high quality and last a long time. They have now joined the ranks of mediocre. They are so thin now its like wearing women's nylons.Bad!!!!
I have been wearing gold toe socks for about 15 years now, but as other folks have pointed out, they don't seem to last long at all anymore.  They don't seem to get holes, but the heal wears away pretty quickly (I just use them for work, no running or anything and nothing different from my older Gold Toes)  I did notice that with this last set of socks I bought that they are no longer being make in the USA.  I think they may have changed up the material being used at the same time.
I purchased this particular brand mainly because it was the only postpartum support belt that I could find in store and it was a great deal cheaper than the brand that was originally suggested to me -the Belly Bandit. The design of this belt is highly flawed. First of all, it isn't sturdy enough to provide the proper support. The "ribbing" design only makes it bunch up all over after prolonged wear, so it easily shows through clothing. I ended up spending twice as much because I wound up ordering the Belly Bandit after all.
I was expecting it to hold better my post baby belly after my second c-sec.  I did not find it strong at hold to give me the support I need it. I did not feel comfortable either with all that velcro in the front.
I was so pleased with the first shirt that I thought it would be wise to order a few more while they have free shipping.To my shock I received a mirror image shirt made out of a very thin polyester which wrinkles when washed.Sweat sticks to this one, not like the first one which was perfect for exercising.So, out of the shirts I receiveed only the first order was as stated.They others seem to be a cheap polyester knock-off.Very disappointing.
I purchased this as a gift for my wife.  It showed up, it looks great, and a few days after it arrived, before I had a chance to give it to her, it stopped working.  I am less than impressed.
If you want something that is going to fall apart the minute you get it, then this is it.  Horrible constuction, looks cute, but not at all functional!
This is a great price for rowing pogies, but here in the Northeast, for late fall and early spring rowing, I personally need pogies that have a wind-resistant top layer.  I haven't tried these all-fleece ones, but have been strongly advised by my fellow rowers and coaches to not get all-fleece.  Yet the price is enticing, as sweeps sets of 3 (port, starboard and ambi-inner hand) go for between $36 and $48 for the ones with wind-resistant tops.
The shorts I bought came way over my belly button. Made me look like a funky old man. I returned them. Otherwise the sizing was good.
Very disappointed. I cannot rate product because I have not received it. It was ordered on October 10th and as of October 29th, I still have not received it. At first I was told the suspenders were on back-order even though the order page said that all colors were in stock. Since then, I have received two messages that give me delivery dates that have come and gone.
To be honest, I was enticed by the thought of owning a $100 jacket for $19.95. Unfortunately, jackets of this quality are available at Wal-Mart for less than $20.00 and I passed on them.I don't find this jacket to be very well designed. To protect against rain, you had better be sure and keep the hood on tight. Otherwise, the fuzzy fabric lining the hood gets drenched. But put the hood on and your hair is going to stand on end for the rest of the day because of the static the lining creates. Leave the hood off and it looks pretty unflattering as it doesn't hang neatly against your back. Wish I had passed on this one.
This head wrap definitely looks better on the mannequin than it does on me or would on anyone else. I think there must be a bate and switch because the wrap I got is more of a yellow leopard print and does not even look close to what is shown in the picture. It looks like it came from the dollar store in a package of 10 for a dollar. The fabric is pretty cheesy. Wait! That's it. The yellow color reminds me of cheese! Enough said.
The problems i have with this item are: the lock dont work properly, the handles are not comfortable, the case is too big,nothing is secured inside as for example your pens or pencils will be broken because of the  bad design, your usb drives will be lost because briefcase has two unsecured opening on left and right and even computer inside is not possible to secure.bad design overall.
The handles are just covered foam board!  I really like how the bag opens but what good is a bag with no handles?  My previous generic bag only cost $40 lasted 3 years and this bag cost more than double and only lasted 6 months!
They are very uncomfortable! Because of the way the seam runs it cuts into you from front to back. I never wear them and am considering throwing them away.
These things suck bad. They statred falling apart within a few days. I wouldn't try doing anything more strenuous than making snowballs with these, and even then they'll probably fall apart.
I got this hat, when i got it the size was wrong, then when they returned the hat someone didnt packege the hat right so someone stepping on it while being delivered and the hat was smashed and torn.The hat is hard and not confortable.
Did not fit in my truck like it was supposed too. Not happy with it. Just not the rite hat holder for me.
headliner doesnt fit the required headliner that it shows in the photo doesnt fit newer stlyle trucks doesnt screw into newer headliners
These are a joke....they are as little as my big toe and they don't stick at all.  You can still feel the hard shoe right through them.  Don't waste the money.
These are stupid little gels that serve no purpose.I read the warnings, but for some reason decided to try anyway....Should have listened to the other reviews!
The set is cute but completely useless - the cap can only cover top of the head of a normal baby. It looks like made for little Marsians, not for human babies. And the company makes you pay for shipping both ways - scam!
I ordered the blue striped set. I thought it was cute until it arrived and I realized there were 3 different colors of blue on the hat... The blue stripes were lighter than the band and the embroidered "smile" was is a deeper blue. I think it would have looked much better if the stripes and the band were the same color.My little boy was born by c section with a 9.3cm head circumference and the hat only fit him for 1 week and it never covered his ears.Both booties included a clothing tag in the heel which made my son uncomfortable. I couldn't cut out 100% of the tag w/o undoing the seams; but the booties were outgrown faster than the hat.Though this set is pretty inexpensive (2.99 when I bought it), I wish I'd spent more money and bought something more useful.
This products are to small for my baby head and feet. I can't used it.its a wasted of my money
What a shocker!!! The blue part of the cap with wording  "I Love Daddy" was sewed to the the other part wrong, stitches out... This was the item I first looked at and now I can't even use it. What a shame.No more orders for us from this company. Very disappointing, especially for me to return or exchange this item will cost me more to ship it back than a product. Would not recommend to buy anything from them.
I've looked long and hard for light, non-slip slippers for my 90-year old mother. I ordered this pair from Silvert's, and instead of sending size 7 they sent size 6. I called customer service and they couldn't care less. They told me it was my fault for ordering the wrong size. I've bought over 700 items from Amazon over the past 10 years, and though some products have not been what I expected, I have never actually ordered incorrectly. There's no way they can prove it was my fault and not theirs, yet they would not waive the $9.99 shipping fee.Anyway, the slippers appear well-made. They're very cushiony, sole is flexible, and they're reasonably attractive. I'd buy them again (in the right size!) but I will NEVER order from Silvert's again.
I wanted cotton handkerchiefs. These are a polyester blend and have more of a polyester than a cotton feel.
I just got this chain last week. I wore it. The next day, I took a shower with it on, and the silver color just faded. The chain is an ugly blackish brown now. Such poor quality. I wish I knew this, I would have never ordered. My money went down the drain.I am surprised no other customers had had such an experience.Returning this crappy chain is out of question since I would hate to pay for the postage.
I ORDERED THIS CHAIN TO WEAR WITH A WHITE GOLD ONE CARAT DIAMOND PENDANT I OWN, I PUT IT ON THE CHAIN AND IN THE FIRST WEEK, THE CHAIN BROKE, NOT AT THE CLASP BUT ABOUT 3 INCHES FROM THE END...I ALMOST LOST MY DIAMOND, I WOULD NOT ORDER THIS CHAIN AGAIN.
This little bag was not all it appeared to be.  While there is room for your cell phone, it's actually incredibly difficult to get your credit cards into the slots provided.  The changepurse section is a joke - you're lucky if you can fit 3 quarters in there.  All that aside, the thing smells to high-heaven!  I don't know if it's the rip stop nylon that smells so funky but it's not a pleasant aroma at all - kind of petroleum based.  Next time, I'll go with leather - at least that smells good.
This model has a chronic problem where it resets to 12:00:00 1/1/2000 repeatedly. This seems to happen with every single watch. I've had mine replaced by Casio, now the replacement watch is resetting every day but I am now 1 month out of warranty so I'm stuck with it.Do not buy. :(
This watch is a solar rechargeable unit with a special battery. It arrived without a full charge, but placing it under a lamp for the number of hours specified by the instruction manual brought it to a full charge. After a time, it started to run down. At this point, putting it under a lamp would only bring it up to 2/3 charge (maximum), and now it needs re-charging more often than once a week just to keep it running.I contacted the Watchtronics, inquiring about an exchange for a replacement watch, and indicating that as an alternative to a new watch, I would accept a new special Casio solar rechargeable battery - IF they could direct me to a Casio authorized service center within a reasonable distance of my home(because the manual indicates that the special battery should be replaced by an authorized service center).The reply I received was nothing more than one sentence and a link: "You can contact Casio Warranty Repair here:[link]" No reference to the battery came with this information, and the link takes me to what appears to be a page for Casio dealers to use, not consumers. (I believe use of the page requires an existing account.)I contacted Amazon indicating my problem, they recontacted Watchtronics TWICE more,butI have not received any further reply from Watchtronics.As far as returning the watch, I am (unfortunately) out of luck because both the seller policy, and Amazon's "A-Z Guarantee" would require me to finalize any return within 30 days, and the problem did not become truly apparent within that time - but it is important for me to note that the seller does indeed have it within their power to help me; their Amazon seller profile indicates (at the very bottom) that they themselves are an authorized repair center, and therefore could have offered to switch the special battery for me.If I were Amazon, I would cut ties with this seller. Their lack of appropriate response is an indication that they do not uphold Amazon's excellent commitment to customer service.
do not buy this may be a geneve watch but they are using an old rolex braclet . its like buying a ferrari with a moped engine. save your money and see my other reviews and buy from an authorized dealer . where you have recourse . you will be very dissapointed with this item
I returned this product because the clasp was defective and the watch kept falling off
Magnetic clip is weak and stiching  started to part in two days. It looked good but did not perform ythe same way.
I have never written a bad review on a product but could not resist this time. I am so disappointed in the quality of this wallet. First of all, the stitching on the brown wallet is not tan/light brown (like pictured) it is red! Very unattractive and the stitching looks cheap like it may fall apart. The clip is not strong and when shaken the money starts to fall. This was going to be a Christmas gift for my husband but I will be returning it ASAP!
It falls apart right from the get go. It doesn't hold money in the clip. Upon putting cards into the wallet, it just peeled apart. Overall just a useless product that won't last or worth the money.
Broke in 3 weeks .Money clip is constructed poorly. I wouldn't purchase this type again.  Spend a little more and get something that might last .
I give it one star because while it does work for holding cards, the money clip prevented me from inserting my CC into the closest slot to the clip.  The card hits the clip inside.  I opened the clip (money clip) which is spring loaded and the whole assembly popped out.  Now the clip does not stay in the wallet.I would not recommend this because the design is flawed.  Not happy personally.
THIS PARTICULAR MARKETEER IS UTTERLY, GROSSLY INCOMPETENCE.  SENT WRONG SIZE 2 TIMES THEN RAN OUT OF THE CORRECT SIZE !
I purchased the flight suit and helmet and only received the suit.  I will never purchase from Amazon before the holidays.
just so you know they are to pricy for the material and what about the helmet? I didn't get one !!!
I have 4 pairs of these jeans that are wonderful fits.  The ones I just received are awful.  They did not fit and the material had to be ironed. They were not at all like the others and did not fit properly.
Good, flattering fit.  I'm 5'2" and I bought a short which was perfect and long enough to wear with heels, even a bit long actually.  Unfortunately when I washed them, they shrank 2" and now I have to wear them with flats.  I would buy them again, just in a longer length.
everyone saying they will use actual silver or copper or something other than this ionic stick in their water, DO NOT do this!  firstly, it probably won't work for but a short period of time as the silver ions on the surface would not replenish itself like this stick does.  secondly, i'm not sure if this would maintain "safe" levels of silver in the water.which brings me to the question...does anybody know if this method is even safe?  i've been trying to research on this, and it seems that 99% of what i can find are silver marketers rejecting and trying to disprove the FDA's 1999 ruling to prohibit the claiming of beneficial health effects of silver.  the only other common application of silver in water or anti-microbial effects are in hospitals--but this is largely for temporary use.  since I couldn't find any legitimate sources of information on this application os ionic silver, i'm guessing its effects on the human body is relatively unknown. it is know that long-term exposure/intake to a similar silver application, silver colloid, can cause argyria.  i believe this is why air-o-swiss states that only "safe" levels of silver is contained in the water.  however, since there's seemingly not much research out there on the topic, how can they know what "safe" is? is this level of concentration relative to frequency or proximity of humidifier use?  is there a risk of over exposure if the ionic silver stick is defective or is damaged/torn?  i am asking air-o-swiss and awaiting a response on this.  if anyone else can provide some legit clarity on this topic, i'd appreciate it.fyi, the demineralization cartridges also contain ionic silver on their surface.since i already spent hundreds on my air-o-swiss humidifier, and have been using it for months, i'm thinking i'll just refrain from replacing the cartridge and ionic silver stick and just regularly clean out the humidifier which i've had to do anyways because the pink/red buildup of bacteria spreads all over the inside (especially in the many small, hard-to-reach areas).  after realizing the time and cost associated with using distilled water only (did this for a few days), i decided to boil a large pot of tap water to reduce bacteria and let the minerals settle some to the bottom and i've only used this kind of water in the humidifier, yet the bacteria is still everywhere.  it became like this within 2-3 weeks of use.  so it does not seem that the silver is keeping the water that clean.
still waiting for this ionic silver stick to come. I hope it will be shipped to me soon.
Isn't Activated Charcoal anti bacterial as well? Does any body having experience with using Activated Charcoal and if so how would one use it? No need to waste money on something which can be archived in a much more simple fashion.
I agree, I wouldn't purchase this bag due to the very limited description. Interior photos of the bag would be helpful as well.
I didn't like this bag. I has that slick material inside. Looks nice enough on the outside. Also it had a strange smell that I thought was just from being packaged but airing out didn't help at all. I ended up giving it away.Sorry, I just wasn't happy with this bag!!
The locket on this cable chain is so tiny, you will not be able to put a picture in it.  After opening the box and being completely disappointed, I opened the locket to see how it worked.  It would not close properly after opening.  The quality of this necklace is not good - do not waste your money.
This item looks better on the internet than it does in person. The earrings are small and the diamons are CLOUDY! I sent them back the moment I opened the box. I never ordered jewlery from the internet and I never will again.
When I lived in a large city I could purchase wallet inserts from stationery stores at a reasonable price (about $1.95 to $2). Now I live in  small city and they are not available unless you buy a new wallet.So since I had no trip planned to a large city I ordered them from Amazon. However, the cost of shipping from the Walletstore was higher than the unit cost of the item. I will not purchase this product online again at least not from the Walletstore, it's not really worth it and too costly. The quality of the inserts not great, at best they last a few months.
It's nice and soft and a nice color. Then about the 4th time I used the lighter, the chain broke!
Okay, so maybe 50 pounds is a slight exageration but these jeans definately made me look chunky and figure-less. They did nothing for me at all. I am 5'9", have a 34.5 inseam, a short torso and generally wear a size 8-10. I took the advice of other reviewers and ordered a size smaller because they are super duper stretchy (which I don't like-- a little stretch is good) but it didn't help. I have a curvy figure and these jeans actually made my butt look flat! Not Good. I'm sending them back because even though they were $14, they're still not worth the price.
Made in China.  Arrived in flimsy mailing envelope, completely squashed and crushed.  "Shoulder strap" is too short by at least 5" and not comfortable.  Workmanship is not the best.  I am very disappointed, as the bag looks much nicer in the picture.  I do not believe this bag is worth $12.99 plus shipping.
Before purchase I contacted company about correct size of "cap". Was told that "they" do not accept returns. I had to guess about correct size. Upon arrival cap was too small. Company would not accept return for size larger cap. Will not order from this company again!!
Although this mug has an attractive look, looks can often be deceiving.  I was looking for a way to reduce my wasteful Styrofoam usage, so I purchased this reusable mug.  It has continuous leakage and damages my chic clothing and shoes; especially my award-winning collection of imported and unique sweater-vests.Okay, so it's not the most expensive mug on the market, but since I spend so much money on my sweater-vests, I can't afford to give much to the mug industry.I overpaid for a cup that I hoped would have been reliable, but was fooled by the fancy packaging.The old adage, you get what you pay for, is definitely apparent when it comes to Totes' leaky, junky, dribbley, sloppy, sloshy and overbrimming mug.
I removed it from the package and couldn't even get the battery compartment open. I'm not sure if I wasn't turning the knob hard enough, or if I wasn't pulling on the door hard enough, because I had to ask my dad to open it for me. It's very easy to remove after the first time, but the other reviewers on here aren't kidding--I have never had so much trouble just to get batteries into something. And the trouble didn't stop there.Setting the clock was more difficult than opening the battery compartment. The clock's buttons didn't even seem to depress when I pushed them. I had to put all my body weight into pressing the buttons. I physically exhausted myself and hurt my thumbs trying to press these buttons. When I finally thought I had set the time, I was disappointed to realize that I had set the date instead.The radio has nice volume, but it doesn't seem to tune anything in very well. The tuning dial is very touchy, but I haven't been able to get anything that wasn't very noisy and staticky. I couldn't get anything at all in the AM band except for a loud, buzzing tone.The mirror seems like a clumsy addition. The manufacturers intend for you to hang it on the showerhead, but unless your showerhead is at eye-level, you won't be able to see anything in the mirror except for the ceiling's reflection. If you're able to hook the shower radio onto anything lower than the showerhead, then you could use the mirror.I received this from my parents as a Christmas present. I've asked them to return it. I don't recommend that anyone try to put up with this shower radio.
If I could give this zero stars I would.  This was the cheapest made product I have ever gotten.  It did not work from the get go.  The mirror is not a mirror and water and steam got into the product right away.  DO NOT BUY is my recommendation.
I've had this thing for a week but I can't get the battery compartment to open.  What the hell?  What a scam.
This valet was very cheap looking. It doesn't appear to be very good quality and it is smaller than it looks. I gave as a gift and was not happy with the look and quality of it when he opened it.
This product is nice looking, fits well, and looks good on, but offers no support whatsoever in the tummy area, and I had expected otherwise from a Flexees product. A real disappointment.
I wanted something to flatten my stomach so when I wear my jeans my stomach wouldn't bulge out.  This absolutely did not do it!  I didn't even slim down a little.  My boyfriend couldn't tell if I had it on or off... I looked the same.
These thigh slimmers come up too high, almost to my lower bra line.  If you sit, the top rolls down.  Works if you stand and not move at all after you put on a slim dress or knit wear that should have a smooth look.  The thigh binds and you end up with a roll at each leg.  I am 5'2&#34; and 125 lbs hoping to have gotten a smooth look while being minimally overweight.  Waste of money for sure.
I am 5'10" and this product was sooo short on me. It came up to just under my bust line, no way it would have fit. measure before you buy!
I like Vaneli styles, and I own other shoes from this company, but these were unusually cheap. They were unlined! I looked at the other Vaneli shoes in my closet, and they are lined. The suede will certainly stretch out of shape very quickly without any type of lining. In addition, the heel plates are cheap, hard plastic. My experience with this type of heel plate is that it crack and even falls off. My other complaint is the excessive shipping charges. FootSmart charged me $12.99 to ship the shoes, and because I am mailing them back due to their cheap construction, they are charging me $6.99 more using the barcode return label. Thus I spent $20 to try on cheap shoes. I don't think I will buy Vaneli online anymore, and I won't order from FootSmart. Many other shoe vendors charge much less or even zero ([...]!).
The size 6B was in error; it was at most a 5 narrow width.  I liked the shoe design and would order another pair if I was guaranteed that the size was accurate.
i purchased your slippers with a gift certificate i got - unfortunately they are NOT TRUE TO SIZE - and they had to be returnedand i therefore was charged for the postage on said purchase which i dont think was fair - i have worn this product before and had no problem - so it makes me wonder WHY  these didnt fit
These slippers were so small I couldn't even get all my toes in them to even get them on.  Otherwise, it looked like it would have been a good slipper
I bought these shoes for a relative who had raved about the comfort and support of this brand of shoes. Unfortunately, when she tried on the slippers, she immediately realized they were not Original Daniel Green's. She said the shoes were not made using the same materials as they had been many years ago. The look was the same, but the fit did not compare to the Original Daniel Green slippers she had purchased, over the past several decades. She described the Originals as very well-made, with the kind of excellent comfort,  support and cushion that made her forget she was wearing shoes! She decided to keep the slippers, hoping they just needed &#34;breaking-in&#34;. Well, after several weeks of trying to break them in, she gave up because the slippers were so uncomfortable. She is very, very disappointed.
I was looking for Oomphies, which I have bought several times over the last 15 years. These have the appearance of Oomphies on the website, but when I received them I found them to be very poor substitutes. The styling is dowdy and the materials inferior. I guess Oomphies are gone for good.
I bought these slippers for my mother in law who has been wearing this brand of shoes for over 35yrs, and she couldnt get her foot into it they are so narrow, and I purchased a ww.....these shoes just are not made right
I have been buying these slippers for years. The pair I just received were cut smaller and uncomfortable. I called Daniel Green and was told they have a different vendor and the slippers are a little smaller. Very disappointed that the company is willing to sacrifice quality for the sake of cutting costs.
Purchased the shoes to replace a pair another expensive pair that squeeked.  This pair arrived quickly.  However much to my disapointment the right shoe clicks loudly as I walk.  Very annoying.Good thing Amazon has a good return policy
This is the second time in the last 3 month that i have a problem with AMAZON, this time i paid for cole haan shoe model and you guis sent me a TOTTALLY DIFFERENT ONE, now i dont know how to return the WRONG MODEL and i got charged US$75.00.I dont think this is good bussines. You can check my payments history in your site i have never been late in a payment, so i dont realy think that i have been treated properly by you.William Paez
The hat I got is not the hat pictured, I only got it because it is supposed to be reversible, it IS NOT
I wished I'd read the reviews before purchasing this hat. I bought because I liked the idea of a reversible hat...but, it is not and I will be returning it. The color is more of a light stone than a khaki green.
I wish I would have read the reviews before I ordered a "Reversible" hat because the common theme here is THE HAT IS NOT REVERSIBLE!!!!!!  I am very disappointed and am returning it.  Why does Amazon allow this to be sold with a blatant lie in the description?
This hat is not reversible, on top of that it comes with a tag "one size fits all"Consequently it's too small for me, as well as being misrepresented.It's a $2 hat for $15
I ordered an XL hat and it came from e4hats via Amazon. It was indeed reversible as stated, but too big.I returned it and ordered a size L instead and this size came from a different vendor despite same Amazon product page. It came from Nice Shades. This hat is NOT reversible. It is only Khaki with blue stripe.The reviews should now make sense.I would prefer a blue hat with khaki stripe and thus hoped for a reversible hat. I'll return this one if I can locate another.
This item is described as being &#34;reversible&#34; on Amazon.com and the pictures show it as being &#34;reversible&#34;, khaki with blue trim or blue with khaki trim.  This was one of the reasons that I bought it.  The sticker on the bag does state &#34;Reversible Washed Bucket Hat&#34;.  However, the item received is clearly NOT reversible.  The hat looks OK, but it is not what was advertised.  The only &#34;configuration&#34; is khaki with blue trim.
Very unhappy with purchase. Very poor quality. Wear 18 hour bras,snaps to close together to fit straps properly. More trouble to return than it is worth. Straps to long, for my taste. Do Not waste your money. Also cancer warning on box, This product known to the state of California to cause cancer and birth defects (FYI).
The AM/FM radio sound quality is OK - not great, just OK.  You're not going to get booming bass.  I had no problem with this product detecting the atomic clock signal.  But there were a number of disappointments concerning this product that prompted me to send it back to Unbeatablesale.com.1)  The crescendo alarm applies only to the buzzer.  Not to the radio.  Not to the nature sounds.  Just the buzzer.2)  It has dual alarms, but it's nearly impossible to know which alarm you're setting since it uses a pair of very small, identically shaped, side-by-side icons to indicate which alarm you have selected.  The instructions also assume that you know what a buzzer icon looks like and what a radio icon looks like, since the set-up instructions tell you to select one or the other as the alarm but never show you what either of them looks like.3)  Of the six 'nature' sounds, the "Birds" is the only restful to listen to, but NONE OF THEM CAN BE USED AS THE ALARM.  These nature sounds are strictly for background effect and have to be manually turned on and off.  And most of them are not soothing to listen to at all:  The waterfall effect is a thundering Niagra, and the Wind effect sounds exactly like a howling blizzard.  How restful is THAT to have as background?!?!4)  Like most instruction books, this one needs to be better written.  What it says you should see on the display isn't always what you see, and it doesn't describe the icons that it says you need to select as you set up the alarms.5)  The detachable speakers don't attach securely to the main unit.  The main unit has a pair of pin-like studs on each side that are inserted into a pair of keyhole-like holes in each speaker.  But this is an arrangement that requires precise spacing of the studs and keyholes to make the two components fit securely, and one of the pins on the main unit was misaligned just enough that the speaker would fall off if the unit was jostled in the least.6)  The alarms sound 7 days a week and there's no way to automatically disable them for the weekend.  Since there's a setting for displaying the day of the week, it would be REAL nice if you could control whether the alarm sounds for that day or not.  As it is, you have to remember to turn off the alarm on Friday and remember to turn it back on again on Sunday.  I'm astounded at how few atomic alarm clocks are provided with this feature, ands this product is no exception.7)  I can't speak to how well the bedshaker attachment works, but if you don't need it, then you can get this unit for about $30 rather than $50 or $60.I had higher hopes for this product.  It went back for a refund.  ***sigh***
There is not Titanium whatsoever in this watch. The case as well as the band are Stainess Steel, and this is engraved clearly. The color of the band slightly resembles Titanium, but this does not justify calling it "Titanium Watch".
Are they kidding?  This short cost me out of pocket $46, and no draw string??  The elastic band is not practical for yoga.  Way overpriced - a rip off if you ask me.  Like throwing money out the window, I will not be able to use.  Sorry I purchased it.
I didn't like these yoga shorts at all. The fabric was so thick you could use them for winter underwear. The crotch was so tight and constrictive it squished my poor male parts. There's a funny piece in the back that makes them look like adult incontinence underwear. These shorts never got worn for yoga. After trying them on, I tossed them into the trash. My suggestion to others is that if you are afraid somebody is staring at your private parts, you should probably wear a swimming suit instead. These shorts go to great lengths for modesty you don't need while doing yoga, and end up being impossible to wear. If you're not afraid of people staring at you, I suggest that there are many brands of yoga shorts that are far more comfortable.
they gavee me a major wedgie so I returned um.  other than that nothing wrong with um  the material is quality.
I'm always a small in everything I buy.  Every small I've received, whether its boxer briefs or winter tights, the size "small" has worked and fits snug.  I am 5'9, 130lbs and I have pretty beefy biker legs.  I can't really see this "small" shorts fitting on most men my size, which, in my opinion, is an average small size.  I'm going to have to return them.
Good idea, but the suctuion cups were defective making the item worthless. We sent it back.
My husband loves this type of coin pouch, but the ones he has been using for years are bigger.  This will work until we can find the other ones. also they seen a little stiff and don't open very wide.
I did not have a chance to wear it even once. The buckle in the back broke when I tried the suspenders first time. That was not a good purchase. Very disappointing.
Not happy with the look or the feel of this wallet.  It looks likes something I would have made in the cub scouts.
I was seeking a replacement for a Captain William Front Pocket Wallet.  It doesn't.  The Captain William expands and contracts as your wallet does without a mass of leather in your pocket just because the thing is that fat!
Looks cheap, feels cheap, and is an irregular shape. I have had these before and this is the worst I have had.
Some of the edges had to be glued down, and one of the hinges is broken. You get what you pay for!
This pouch arrived already torn of damaged at the corner.  This kind of item takes a lot of opening and closing wear and this one would not last long at all.
the metal cladps stick out on the end of the purse and dig into your fingers when you try to open it up. Its quite obvious that nothing will be done about this, so doin't waste time asking to write a review
Nice leather.  The squeeze portion broke immediately and I was never able to use it.  Overall not a well designed product.
This broke within 1 week. Don't buy this!!! It is so cheap....was hoping I would get lucky for the price but was very disappointed!!!
This is not well made.  The whole function is to squeeze it open, but when you do, the exposed hinges pinch your fingers.  It is also very stiff.  I threw it out.  Save your money.
The purse was clearly of cheap material and construction and part was torn. It did not cost a lot  originally so i decided not to bother with paying to return it, etc., but the dealer should not carry this product in the future.
bad quality, started falling apart on first week of use, it also feels and looks cheap... a complete waste of money for me..
I bought the pouch for an older man who has difficulty handling coins.  He was unable to use it because of he found it very difficult to squeeze open.  I never returned the pouch because the person I had it delivered to was nearly 500 miles away.  It would have been a burden for him to make the return.  Bottom line, I would not recommend this ouch for individuals with arthritic or with weak hands.
I previously bought some coin purses similar to what is pictured. What I got looks similar but, not the same product. For one, there is a ring inside which if you pull out keeps the coin purse somewhat open and coins could fall off. The ring inside the purse is a hazard which could result in your fingers getting hooked by that said ring. I will cut off the stupid ring which does not serve a useful purpose for a small coin purse. Will avoid dealing with this company. If you do not have the exact same product then, do not switch products without asking the customer. Considering the cost of the items, returning it would be pointless and not cost effective.
Horrible quality leather. The stitching has already almost come undone, and even if it wasn't, the leather is so cheap it'll probably tear soon. Use better leather and charge three more dollars! Seriously.
Buyer Beware!  Yahoo is not an authorized dealer! I bought it ....and was screwed!!!
I had a watch exactly like this one for about 20 years. I really loved the thing, never felt any urge to upgrade or change and it took on a very nice patina. Very sturdy, reasonably accurate, comfortable to wear and not flashy or vulgar.Then the last time I sent it off to TAG for a new battery and gaskets (about $100 every 2 years), they sent it back saying they no longer "stocked the parts" and yet here it is for sale brand new. Granted, the movement might be different, but I don't find 20 years a very long time to keep an expensive watch which I intended to pass along.The kicker was the inclusion of a very modest discount if I bought a new one... from them, at retail. Even with the coupon, the price would be much higher than street value. Cynical and insulting.I will NEVER buy another TAG Heuer. I lost the use of a favored and very personal item due to their rather craven disregard for a longtime customer who has bought other TAG watches as gifts over the years.Because TAG doesn't support its equipment, I will NEVER purchase another TAG watch.
This should be priced no more than 2$..Quality is not that great. We bought much better and warm Joe Fresh cap at JC Penny for $2.50.. I wish it was on Amazon Prime so that i can return it.. I dont know why people are rating this at 4.5
This hat fit our 11 month old tight and uncomfortable.  She could not keep it on longer than a few mins.  Looks like it fits about 6 mos too small.  Looks adorable in photos however not a great fit at all!
I bought this for my nephew last year. I did NOT like this product because for the same price, I could have bought a softer and nicer, better quality hat at Target, Walmart or any other &#34;normal/regular&#34; store. Though this is fleece, it's not soft. The fleece fabric looks worn/flat and it just was just not pretty for a gift! I gave it anyway because I bought it, but I do NOT recommend this and will not be buying from again. The good thing was that Amazon ships fast. I like that.
I ordered a size 1 and they are huge. The do not look like the picture featured and they look more 80's style. I will return them tomorrow.
I bought these a size too big and they still barely fit, then a seam split when I had been wearing them for 15 minutes.  Complete waste of money.
These jeans have a comfortable fit for curvier bodies.  The waist is high (higher than my preference) but tolerable.  By far their biggest problem is that the jeans material is thin and easily tears.  Both of my pair lasted only about 2 1/2 months, because they tore at the back pocket.  I don't expect strength-of-steel but I do expect jeans to last longer than this.  I am shopping again, but not for Lee brand jeans.
If I had known these had polyester in them I would have never purchased them, they are very uncomfortable and not a good fit.  The material with 99 % cotton and only 1% spandex were a much nucer jean and ones I could wear and be comfortable.  I just wish I had sent these back.  Awful is all I can say.
rider needs to get their sizing of their jeans universal and consistent --- i ordered these  one size bigger than what i normally wear and they were about 2 sizes tooo small----
We used 3 of these helmets for a theatrical production pertaining to a space flight.  They were great!
sadly, i choose to ignore the other postings about this being a very large helmut. my four year old was totally smitten once he saw the photograph of this and he was so excited to get it. it is HUGE. absolutely, unbearably huge. causes much frustration and sadness in my son. it is big on his dad. i tried to fit it with foam strips but that didn't work. it is just that huge. also, the price? really?
We bought this as part of our son's Halloween costume. The product is called Jr, but I have to wonder what size of child they are talking about. It is HUGE. Our son had to hold onto it to keep it on his head. Honestly it was like he had a huge bowl on top of his  head. You have to put some serious padding in there and redesign the inside to get it to work properly. My husband and I both tried it on our head and it was still too big. The buttons and sound work, but not really well. For the price, it think it would be better to just create one out of paper mache.
Not only was this overpriced, it's very poorly made and too heavy for a young child to wear!  Not worth it at all.
We ordered this for our son's 7th birthday, because it says one size fits all, and is designed for a child. However, this does NOT fit at all, in any way. It is HUGE! About three times the width of my son's head, and it does NOT stay on! It rolls off, or tips, no matter what he does. The front is so tall, that when he flips the visor up, the remaining white part of the front covers nearly his entire bottom half of his face...poorly designed and built, and definitely NOT build with a child this age in mind. My son still wants to play with it, but is constantly getting frustrated because it will not stay on his head. He has to walk holding onto it with his hands, for it to stay on...would not have purchased, had I realized this, and would return for a refund if it would not have been part of his main birthday gift. If he chooses to let it go before our time runs out for returns, then we will be sending it back, as I am sorely disappointed with it, and hate seeing my son so frustrated on his birthday, with an item that he has been wanting to get for over a year now.
My son just received this.  The only good thing I can say about it is that it is a good hard plastic.  Other than that... it was broken out of the box.  There is a warning in the box that if you manually open the visor it will cause the button to stop working.  Well, ours never worked.  The helmet is HUGE.  The manufacturer suggests adding padding to make it fit.  For a $50 toy, which is very large for the recommended ages, it could have come with a little padding like bike helmets do.Now my son is throwing a fit that we are returning his new toy.  Thanks...
There is no way this is made for 5 year olds. This thing almost goes around my sons shoulders even, It is even a little big on me. I would not recommend this for anyone that is wanting it for a child unless they have a HUGE head.
I got this for my son figuring he can wear it for Halloween this year 2014. He is the recommeded age group. Even when I added a winter hat on his head. I will attempt to buy some sort of foam however he may be scared of the added foam since it will have to be very thick to take up the space in the helmet.This helmet fits me and I am 49 years old.Unless your 5 year old and above has a HUGE head I doubt it will ever fit until he gets to be of adult age.Hope this helps someone make an informed decision.
My son loves astronauts--so, we got this helmet to go along with his astronaut costume.  Within a month it had split in the middle and was unable to be fixed.  Disappointing considering the cost.
awful toy, didn't work and was so big it was even too big formy husband. Don't buy it, I returned it, but wasted 18 dollars on shipping!
Jr. Astronaut Helmet with soundsThe face shield would not stay closed right after I got it out of the box, and I did not try to open the face shield manually...as the warning in the box says that will break it. It was already broken. Of course, this is a foolish design anyway for child use, as a child will forget and try to open it manually. It's bound to break soon ..as you can see by other reviews, this has happened to several. And the replacement batteries are not normal batteries, nor are they located where the illustration says on the box. I don't know if replacing the batteries will help the face shield work...haven't gotten to a Radio Shack yet to find the specialty batteries. Very disappointing! Haven't even given to the kids yet. I wish I had read all the other reviews before buying. Since I also bought the space suit, I'm not sure what to do with the broken helmet. Expensive to ship back.
I bought this item online (from MMPLiving through Amazon)  few months ago as a gift on my son's birthday. The product arrived on time and looked like the one on the picture; however, I made the mistake of not taking it out of the package and check the functionality right then. Later I found that the sound did not work and it was a big disappointment. The front visor functionality worked though. I remember when I bought this item from a local store few years ago for my nephew, the sound worked well and the product was a lot of fun for him.
This is more of a costume item for an adult or older child than a toy for a young child.  There are only two working buttons, one to open the visor and one that repeats a single message through a crackly speaker.  There is some padding on the top, but not enough.  The manufacturer acknowleges this by including a note suggesting that more padding be added.  Overall not a good value at all for the price.
This helmet is advertised for children, it does not fit a child and is instead sized for an adult.  The helmet rests on the 3 year-old's shoulders and wobbles around.  The Microphone is made of cheap plastic and snapped off within a few minutes of use.
i don't like this bib. it's too small for my baby and she cries. the back attachment pinches her neck.
The seam of the ID pouch was torn. When trying to insert and remove my ID, it ripped right down the side. It was like the stitching did not grab any leather. It did not appear to be cheaply assembled, but a manufacturing defect. It should have been caught by inspection and discarded. Very attractive product, but due to poor Quality Control, they did not earn any stars. And even though the damage is no fault of mine, I have to pay to return it.
After reading the two previous reviews and seeing the picture, this looked like a great item.  However, when I received the bags (I foolishly bought two since the shipping price was the same) I was extremely disappointed.  The quality is poor, the strap is short (not as pictured). It's a cheap bag, don't waste your money. Don't let that $59.00 original price fool you.  Anyone who saw this in a store for $59.00 would never buy it at that price.  Plus I had to pay shipping because it was mailed from Coldwater Creek.  The person who wrote that return shipping is free, is incorrect.  They charge you $6.98 to ship it back, unless you exchange it.  Those two previous reviewers must work for the company.
If you purchase something, it should last a long time.  That's my philosophy.  I liked this clock a lot but it stopped working after a few years for no apparent reason.  I replaced the batteries with batteries I knew were good, but nada.
I have had the wallet for less than a month and the spring clip is already too weak to hold bills properly!
The clip sticks out of the wallet and wallet is rather large. I didn't like that so it's going back.
Imagine:  the shipping costs as much as the product.  So I paid double for this piece of garbage (sum was $10 including shipping), which is thin as paper, made in Honduras, total junk, and undersized.  Not willing to pay yet again the price of this thing, to send it back as a complaint.  So a one-star review is all I have left, so others don't make the same mistake.Mustard Color does look like the picture, but it's flat, ugly.  So if this is 'ringspun cotton', it must be that way only in someone's hallucination.  Even cheap Hong Kong undershirts are thicker.  Think about cheap sheets.Order TWO SIZES bigger than you normally wear, if you order it at all.  And expect it to tear easily.
When I tried it on, it was tight everywhere, and I'm a rather small person. I was bearly 3 months pregnant and the medium did not fit.
This backpack is on my list of "Worst Amazon Purchases Ever."  Not because it isn't sturdy.  Not because it isn't attractive.  No, no, no.  This backpack sucks because ALL of the zipper pulls fell off in less than three weeks.  I would recommend this product to anyone who never needs to open or close a backpack.
ring broke in 3 days.  dealer contacted me because of negative feedback.  told me "let us know when you remove your negative feedback so we can issue a refund."  told them if I had to recant in order to get my duly owed refund they could keep my money and I would let everyone know what bad service they had.
The ring was nice when I first bought it and it lasted a while, about 3-6 weeks back in 2007. I didn't think of updating this review to include that it shattered while I was grabbing onto a metal pole while on the bus and one of the pieces jammed into my finger, causing me to bleed. If this had been a major incident I would have been pushing a lawsuit for a faulty product. I wasted 10 dollars on this product and chalk it up to another faulty Internet product. Do NOT buy this product. Surf around and pick something else.
It so happened I clapped my hands together one time on the first occasion that I wore it, and the ring fell off my finger, broken in 3 pieces.  :-(
The sock pictured is black, but the sock that arrived is white.
This clothesline was terribly disappointing. No matter how hard we tried we could not stretch it past 3 feet.It was pretty much a waste of time and money. Perhaps mine was defective?
I was very excited about it because I admire Rick Steves and thought he would have a good product but it wasn't. The end broke off the first time I used it. I want my money back!
I love the concept of this clothesline and for two weeks I was enjoying how simple, easy, and effective it is to use. But then &#34;snap!&#34; the line broke with only my wife's bikini hanging from it. This happened on day #18 of our trip.So well the product is a nice idea it does not hold up to use very well. Looks like it is back to good old fashioned rope and pins for us.
I have personally "backpacked" all over the world on several different continents and have over a year of travel time logged.A clothes line is a good idea to have for when you need to dry clothes in your hotel/hostel/camping. Here are my issues with this product.1. It SMELLS! strongly of latex. Think condoms or surgical gloves. I suspect that if left close to cloth items in your pack that it would give your clothes and thus you a latexy smell.2. It's too large wrapped up. This is mainly caused by the fact that it is three strands woven together vs. one, which is promoted as a way to hang clothes "without clothes pins" in reality you can simply drape your clothes over a line. When drying indoors they won't blow away, so why use clothes pins anyways?3. The Velcro loop ends don't seem like an effective way of attaching the line to objects. Too bulky, and simple hooks would have worked better.4. When stretched out to "7 feet" (Note, on the actual product it only claims a 6 foot capacity) it feels dangerous. Picture a giant rubber band stretched taught, ready to snap, or at minimum, attempting to pull apart whatever the chord ends are attached to.5. This is just a personal annoyance, which for me amplifies all of this product's defects. It's too gimmicky with the whole "Rick Steve's Travel Gear BS" As if Rick Steve's is constantly hand washing his laundry while traveling deep in foreign countries! LolAlright, so here is what I DO recommend. It's called "550 Chord". If you don't know what this is, just search for it here on Amazon. Here's how 550 chord blasts away this product for this use.1. It's much cheaper. You can get 50' for about $8 here on Amazon.2. It DOESN'T smell!!3. It's much stronger, the "550" stands for five hundred and fifty pounds of tensile strength.4. You can get it in any color imaginable so it can match the rest of your gear.5. It's lighter and takes up less space per foot!6. It's easy to tie and knot, so you don't need hooks or silly Velcro loops to attach your clothes line ends to things found in a hotel room.7. It isn't "stretchy" so it doesn't threaten to recoil back and mess up whatever you've attached the ends to.8. And probably best of all there are HUNDREDS of other uses that 550 chord can be utilized for. Just google it.So upon receipt and inspection of this product I went through the return process with Amazon which was amazingly simple and easy (as is usual with Amazon). They even gave me an instant refund to an Amazon gift card, I'm sure you can imagine what I'll be purchasing with the money! :-)
Too short, no hooks and/or suction cups at the ends.  The loops were not helpful in setting up.  Most importantly, it was just too short.  We brought one other line which we ended up using becuase it was better constructed (longer, suction cups AND clips).  I would not recommend this item.
The braided latex clothesline is wonderful.  I've owned two.  The only downside is they disintegrate over time (like 8-10 years).  I was not bothered by the latex smell as one review posted.  BUT Please be aware this item should retail for $10 + shipping.  Shop around &#8230; exact product can be found elsewhere for cheaper.  If Amazon carried it as a Prime item with free shipping &#8230; I would give 5 stars &#8230; as that would make it competitive price.  This is a $10 item.  To pay higher price + shipping fees is not worth it.
the rope is a fixed length.  If it needs to be lengthened, thenit must be streched.  This puts strain on the ends. The supportscould not take the strain.The ends do not work with many supports. Once the wetclothes are attached, it falls.The idea that the clothes will be supported by the clothes lineseems good, but did not work well.
Overall, out of the box this product worked great. After 1 month use, the bands disintegrated (crumbled into bits).  I had it placed under a pagoda (partially shaded).  It was occasionally used - so I am sure that the failure wasn't due to abuse.  It appeared that the portion of the bands that failed most severely had more frequent exposure to sun.  I live a few blocks from the beach in San Diego, so maybe salt air was a factor?  Only my cycling clothes were hung on the line (no heavy towels or rags with chemicals).  If the band material was more UV-resistant, this would be a great product.
This is the worst travel pillow I have ever seen.  There is not symmetry to it and when blown up, the air keeps moving from the 3 channels, (left, right and upper). They are all connected.  You would have to see this thing to believe it.  I had my fellow plane passengers laughing when they saw me try to use it.  The two I purchased ended up in the trash can upon my return from vacation. I can't believe Rick Steves would endorse this thing.  The stewardess told me the soft cushiony ones found in airport gift shops are the best.  They do not blow up.
I am normally a LG - XL. I purchased this adn could NOT believe how small it was. It looks like a Medium. Completly horrible I will NOT be buying from here again.
I ordered an xl because I don't like anything tight, I sent it back because it was more like a youth xl instead 0f women's.
I am sooo disappointed with the T-Shirt.  It came in a little plastic bag all wrinkled.  Well to me, it looks like a man's T-shirt and I'm going to wear it to sleep in.  That's about all it's good for.
Very cheap looking, ill fitting and poorly made. The color was nice!' I will be giving  this to a pre-teen!
I paid expedited shipping for the 2 items in this order - this bag plus another -- so I could get the bag in time for a trip.  But too late, and after they sent the other item, I was alerted that the bag was not available.  Very disappointed that Amazon was not more up-to-date in their listing.
First off this top is much lower cut than it appears.  I just doesn't hang right.
My husband got me this watch for my birthday because I collect owls. We were both so happy about it, until I realized that it only works intermittently. The back does not snap on tight enough to hold the battery where it should always be. What a disappointment. What's the use of wearing a watch that doesn't always tell time?
This was a really bad purchase. The Tie material was so thick and stiff it was impossible to tie correctly.
It reminds me of a cheap imitation patch that my grandmother would sow onto a hat. I have several MLB hats and this isn't anywhere near the same quality.
do not get this toy it does not work, my daughter has'nt used it once since she got it, she can't connect with her friend that only live .8 miles away. We can't return it because it comes in a hard plastic box that you have to tear open.  Just do yourself a favor and don't waste $70.00 dollars.
I purchased this toy for my 10yo grandson who had just returned from St.Jude's Hospital in remission from an arduous battle with leukemia. This was the ONLY thing on his Christmas list for his granddad and I. This was the most disappointing fad since the pet rock. This chid who overcame the odds by withstanding painful tratments for over a year, followed by being uprooted from his home by Hurricaine Katrina leaving behind his friends, and school for the 2nd time in as many yearswithout sheading a tear. Imagine everyone's heartbreak when he broke down and cried because he was so disappointed. Imagine how his grandfather and I felt when he appologised to us for making us buy this "piece of crap" and offered to do chores when he visits this summer to pay us back! He tried to text his sister with only hit or miss luck. It only worked if the were in the house together. All of their friends received thes things also but they had no luck communicating with each other. The camera took pictures but the color and quality was horible. Nothing about his trash worked the way it was advertised to. I am so angry at the Hasbro company for marketing this junk to the most easily influenced segment of our world's population. It is truly SHAMEFUL that Hasbro would target preteens, who just want to grow up and have their own cell phone, by selling these pieces of naval lint which are not a good as the old walkie talkies of my day. Two tin cans tied together with a piece of string worked better than this junk! Hasbro and the con men working in their development and marketing departments owe all of the parents and kids taken in by them a full refund and a heartfelt appology. This appology should be written in every newspaper in every town where anyone purchased this junk. Hasbro WAS one of the few toy manufacturers that I have trusted for years but I will be extremely skeptical of any product they sell in the future. I am hoping for that appology, not for us parents, but for the millions of disappointed kids who have been jaded by Hasbro's owners and employees. I am truly hoping for that appology BUT I WON,T HOLD MY BREATH!!!!!!!!!!
Needless to say, this product is a piece of crap!  Did Hasbro seethe demand for this product and throw the casing together to gettheir money????  My nine year old received a pair of these ChatNows for Christmas from Santa.  This was the main item and most important item she had asked for.  When we inserted the batteries, only one worked.  Now what?????  We're from Ontario, Canada and have searched everywhere for these and everyone is completely sold out.  We even tried Toysrus in the U.S.  There are none anywhere.  But reading all of these reviews, I might just return these to the store and get some money back.  Doesn't sound to me like I should wait for any stock.  Thanks for the advice.
what a waste of money and a very big disappointment for my grandson does not work
We bought these last Christmas for my 8 year old daughter and her best friend so that they could communicate with each other without tying up the phone line.  2 miles?  More like 2 feet.  The range on these things are horrible. We first tried them out in our house in rooms that are about 20 feet away and it was spotty or unintelligible.  Trust me that I wasn't expecting a whole lot when I bought these, but there isn't much about them that made it worth the money.  The picture quality was so poor--often the screen was completely black even after adjustments and focusing a flashlight on my daughter's face to get more light on her!  Needless to say, they were returned.  We bought a webcam instead for a lot less money and they can "see" and talk to each other that way!
My 10 year old daughter received a pair of these for Christmas from her grandparents.  They were really fun on Christmas Day and we were able to chat clearly from different parts of the house.  That is the extent of the fun that she has gotten out of this toy.Her best friend lives four blocks away and they are unable to contact each other.  I tested the distance by going for a walk while she stayed at home and I lost her after going up the street only two blocks!The picture quality is horrible; it's best just to use the cute character icons that come loaded with the phone.  This was a great concept, but your kids will only use it around the house and maybe on the playground at school, if you let them take it.  The 2-mile radius is not a realistic claim for any neighborhood.I do not recommend these to anyone.
I'm not too surprised to read the other bad reviews on this costly toy. It simply doesn't work in any type of residential area. Who did Hasbro think they'd sell this toy to then? Many of my daughter's friends got this and they were all very excited. They all live in a .75 mile area and none of them can chat. We (the parents) all made sure they were on the same channel and reread the instruction book to make sure they kids were using it proper-- STILL NOTHING. Such a dissapointment from what I thought was a reputable toy company. I've e-mailed Hasbro.. wonder if they'll even bother with responding.
Did not ship the item until I emailed them and asked them to cancel the order. Then they agreed to refund if I returned it. I returned it and now they are playing dumb about my refund.I have no comment on the product itself, just the service and honesty of the seller.
I was hoping this would ship sometime soon, but it didnt. After the thing was to be delivered, I had cancelled. These folks didnt reply to my messages. Do NOT buy from these guys.
As previous reviewers have stated, this is a crock. I got these as a gift and they stopped working after a few months. Don't waste your cash...
As the reviewer said before, this is not a true shake flashlight.  The wires from the coil go nowhere and the metal piece is not even weakly magnetized.  It is simply a single LED with two coin cells.  When those are discharged the unit has to be taken apart to replace them.
Don't buy this item,because it's not a shake to power flashlight.It has two little batteries inside.When it runs out,the flashlight is out.
This is not a real shake-to-power flashlight. It includes two small lithium batteries, and once they run out of charge (which admittedly takes hours), no amount of shaking will make the flashlight turn back on.You can buy replacement batteries, but upon examination it is apparent that this is really just a normal battery powered LED flashlight with a case that includes a copper coil (disconnected) and a hunk of metal (possibly magnetic) to make it look like it's something more.
These jeans are straight-up wack.  On a positive note, I will say that the color is as pictured--a nice deep dark blue and it seems to hold up after washing and drying.These jeans are cut very generously and break down pretty quickly.  I outgrew my 2 longs and ordered these in 4 Long and now they fit like 8 Shorts.  They shrunk a good two or three inches in length and now have a huge gap at the back of the waist.  How on earth did these jeans shrink and grow at the same time?!  Admittedly, I do put my jeans in the dryer, but I dry my other DKNY Sohos (different wash) and have had no problem with shrinkage.It would not be an overstatement to say that I hate these jeans.  They make me cry when I put them on.  I really only wear them when I don't mind looking like a circus clown.  :(I am going to sell mine on eBay (or maybe here).
I was very disappointed with this bracelet. It did not resemble the photo at all. It was very shiny and cheap-looking. I have bought other bali items, which were very satisfactory from other sellers. Quite a let down.
This umbrella is an over-priced piece of crap!  It opens by itself, wedging itself underneath anything that is nearby, i.e., a dashboard or a desk; the springs on the spokes are constantly coming unhooked; it does turn inside-out, contrary to its name and what they want you to believe; and I've never had one last any more than 22 months (the first one I owned was a gift; I chalked it up to one bad apple in the bunch and gave them a second try).  That's simply not acceptable for a [...] umbrella.
Garbage.  I don't use an umbrella very often, but when I do, particularly one that is supposed to be windproof I expect it to not turn inside out and the handle to fall off.  I used this umbrella precisely twice.  The first time something inside broke and the self-collapsing feature wouldn't work.  ShedRain kindly replaced it.  The second time about 18 months later it was quite windy and when I stepped out of the parking garage, the thing turned inside out and the handle broke off.  It's sitting on my office floor and I want to send it back, but don't want another one.
Let me count the ways.Well, just one way, really.Those bra-friendly straps don't stay up no matter what.As a larger woman, I'm not crazy about sleeveless shirts, but I decided to try this.  Between the extra-ordinarily low cut and the sleeves that just wouldn't stay up, I spent the whole evening adjusting my top.  It was a fairly special occasion, and I was self-conscious all night.  I wore it once, in July, and I just can't imagine being desperate enough to repeat the experience.
I bought this pantsuit for a disco party and it was waaaay to trashy to wear in public. Not only was it see-through, but the fabric was really cheap and it hung poorly. It fit NOTHING like the picture.I think these are stripper clothes because that is the only way this outfit could be a viable or functional piece of clothing. Needless to say, I returned it.
I'm heartbroken over this ring: I received it as a Christmas present from my boyfriend, and less than 24 hours later one of the pearls has already fallen out!
Cheap fabric and way too small for size listed. Very disappointing for our son's Halloween--would not buy this brand again.
I bought this or my 4 month olds because his big brother is going o be batman.  I got a newborn size and I'm pretty sure it's close to fitting a toddler... Sizing is way off.  As I looked closer at the costume the stiching looks likes blind person sewed the patches on.horrible!!! My husband wanted me to return it but I int feel like going though the hassle .  I haven't  tried this on my on yet.. Afraid that it will fall apart!
Because when I got the costume I realized the cape was missing and the mask did not fit properly .
The outfit is made of a thick felt material so it is very hot. Also the leg openings have Velcro tabs instead of snaps. The Velcro tabs wouldn't stay closed and scratched up my little ones legs. I ended up cutting the Velcro tabs off and putting safety pins which was way more comfortable than the Velcro. I would not buy this product again and do not recommend it. I have seen the same outfit by a different company that looks way more comfortable.
Must scramble to find new costume...all the velcro pieces are falling off, not to mention it isn't sized properly.  Now I just had to spend an absorbent shipping fee to get a new one to arrive in time for a party.  Not awesome.
I actually purchased this watch on a trip to Zurich thinking a Swiss watch will be of high quality. While the date issue was not a problem, there were others. It got water in it and needed to be opened and dried, the shop that did it broke the crystal so that needed replaced. Since it was open, I had a new battery put in. Less than 6 months later the battery died so I took it to a different shop. They broke the crown and could not get the back of the watch back on for fear of breaking the crystal. I ended up breaking the crystal when I tried to get it back together with my fingers... Now the remaining pieces sit in a drawer.
I have been trying to reach out to Kenmar Watches who sold me the Mondaine watch since we purchased it.  The watch is not keeping time.  Has only been worn twice.  Kenmar sent one email saying it wasn't there problem and that we should read how to use the watch.  No manual with the watch but am pretty sure we know how to use a dial watch.  Frustrated.  Angry.
I liked the look of this watch so I bought it. Only after 3 weeks did it fog up. I did not submerge it, but it fogged up due to normal everyday usage. Steer clear!
Within 6 months of purchasing, the watch stopped working and had to have it's entire mechanism replaced (under warranty). 18 months later is has stopped working entirely. The version of this watch that I possess is entirely mechanical, no battery - requiring weekly winding. That alone is a detraction for me. I would definitely not buy this watch again, although I absolutely love the design.
This watch was great for the first 10 months (not years...months). Then the battery died. Casio does not cover batteries in the warranty, despite the fact that this is advertised as a 10-year battery.
I NEVER GOT THEM ITS BEEN ALMOST ONE MONTH. SINCE I ORDER THEM... DID THEY GET LOST IN THE MAIL OR WHAT.I EVEN GOT CHARGE FOR THEM,SO I DONT NO WHAT TO DO .HELP HELP
If you like royal robbins billy goat shorts you will HATE these!! the rise is really lon. the legs bind and the overall cut is terrible. these might be good if you are 6'10 or taller
The wheels on the bag lasted less than two months.  The bag is now basically unusable.
Hat was not usable  on me because it was way too small, I purchased a XL / 2XL and this one is marked XL but no way this fits me. It does not even seen as large as a XL that I could purchase locally. I went on line to purchase because it is almost impossible to fit my oversize head. This hat fits my wife so we keep it rather than return it.
There is no way these earrings should be advertised as AAA in color quality. I'm not an expert, but the pair I received had a tone and saturation on the lightest end of the grading spectrum. I anticipated the stones to be a little lighter than advertised, but not as shockingly light as I received. Returning these earrings immediately.
I bought this precious lighter because well, it is quite beautiful but not long after I had it some of the crystals fell out and the finish wore off to reveal copper. Yes now it is really ugly and I paid a little over $30.00 for it. I have had this lighter less than a year so I found out that Colibri has a year warranty and when I went to their website, it says that the warranty does not cover the outer casing. Well yall, that is not the end of it because I purchased the Colibri outback lighter for my husband and the lid broke off but only after the locking mechanism for the lid broke. I also purchased the heart lighter in light pink pearl and in about three months the paint began chipping off luckily though the metal underneith was silver so I polished it up after removing the rest of the paint and it looks fine. I will say that these lighters are the prettiest that I have ever come across nevertheless their quality and warranty are very poor.
Was supposed to be a womens x-large but is a MANS. Way to big. To much trouble to send back.
bought this for my friends birthday, but when i recieved this item, the jewel in the center was not in straight, instead was up high on the right side and too low on the left.  Also, the jewel was NOT purple, it was pale blue.  the metal itself is dull pewter, not silver as the companys name implies.  bottom line - buy another necklace
I'm used to everything Nike makes being a cut above the rest. This wasn't. As I changed modes the display would fade for a second. The interval time beep is way too faint to be practical when youre running in any environment except total silence. And I also thought -- when the weather gets warm again down here in the South do I want that much plastic around my wrist. If you want to make a fashion statement, this is for you. If you are a serious runner go for the Timex. This one does not make the grade. It performed like something I'd get at Wal Mart.
I bought my pen less than a year ago.  I love it, except that the lacquer started bubbling a month a go and now it's flaking off.  I was really hoping it would be a pen I could use for years.
I was very excited to see this bag on Amazon. It's a perfect shape, by a very fashionable designer, and available at an incredibly affordable price. However, even though it is sold directly through Amazon, once I received the bag and took a good look at it in person, I doubted the authenticity of the bag.I understand that it's Amazon's modus operandi to send these bags without dust covers and simply with the authenticity card included inside the plastic bag (or whatever other packaging they choose to use). That I know and that I expected based on a previous Prada bag purchase. Since the authenticity of the Prada bag was fine, I thought that Amazon would not steer me wrong with this Fendi bag.Upon receiving the bag, I immediately noticed the strap of this bag looked very cheap. The edge of the strap did not have stitching and instead was just a glazed sort of leather-look finish. It actually looked like a plastic strap. That made me suspicious, but then I thought that perhaps this particular style did not have a stitched handle. However, when I saw an indisputably authentic one in person, I saw there should indeed have been stitching on the strap.I plan on returning my bag. I know $150 is a very tempting price to pay for a Fendi bag, but since I doubt its authenticity, I'd much rather spend that money on a Kate Spade or Coach bag that I know is authentic.
Thought I was buying a knife. For $5.00 plus $3.95 .. Total price of $8.95. I will check on returning.
I see no sizes listed for this item, nor from other items from same seller.  Out of curiosity, went to their website directly, still saw no way to purchase anthing.  Too bad.
I ordered it and it wasn't in stock and they cancelled my order.
I was very unhappy with these gloves. They are a too loose around the wrists and doesn't fit as snug as the photo shows.
I'm confused, why show a chart of women, men and then UNISEX.  But offer only one size chart?  Therefore, is the Large size for women or men or Unisex?
Many of the gloves had tears at the seams. Wrists stretched out very easily and did not regain shape after washing. I purchased them to use for my son's eczema. But they barely cover his wrists. Wouldn't recommend for this purpose
The bag came in a very nice linen protecting bag, and was very well packaged. It arrived quickly too, so I was so excited opening the box! But the bag... It is a little smaller than it shows in the photographs, you can not get your arm through the handles if you are wearing a serious coat. The stitching is awful, and it is lined with a very shiny powder blue artificial satin. The stitching and the lining are really impossible to overcome, at least for me.
I was looking for a large purse to use when I go out for interviews and go on professional outings.  The photos displayed for this bag make it look larger than it actually is and the quality of the bag is terrible. After shopping around more I found a bigger, better quality and more professional looking bag for $20.  DO NOT buy this item...
I made an order almost four weeks ago. I never received the items or an email pertaining to the status of my order. I called them five times and left messages which included my order number and a phone number that I can be reached. I never received a return call. I also sent them two emails and never received a response. I finally called Amazon and was advised that they cancelled my order. Amazon was unable to determine why. They are not a company that I would consider doing business with.
When I first got it, I loved it.  By day 3 it was falling apart.  It was not worth the money.  I'm throwing it away.
the bag fell apart on the second time wearing it!!! a total waste of money!
I thought this would be a nice Easter present for my daughter since she will be taking a long trip soon. However, I really debated about it since the cost of shipping was nearly as much as the item. I did order it but it did not arrive in time for Easter. In fact, it did not arrive at all. I ended up getting a refund a month later, without any explanation from the company.
Not recommended. It's too big particularly for people 5'4 and under.
It's like a very thick garbage bag.  I will spend $200 to get a real leather jacket and not waist $27 for this.
PURSE WAS VERY SOFT AND ROOMY BUT WITHIN 3 MONTHS ONE STRAP STARTED TO TEAR APART AND THE LINING IN THE MIDDLE SECTION STARTING COMING APART AT THE SEAMS.  PROBABLY WILL NOT ORDER ANOTHER PURSE.
I purchased this bag because of the style.  I travel and need a handbag with three compartments-one for wallet and other items that need to be secure, one to keep receipts in, and one to allow quick access.  I thought this bag would be perfect.  The compartments are large, the straps are long and comfortable.  The quality of the bag is less than poor.  I used it for a few weeks and the straps have torn loose from the body of the bag.  It's no longer useable.  Even though the price was low, I thought because it was leather it would last.  Boy, was I wrong!!  I don't recommend purchasing this bag.
I love this purse but the stitching is coming apart where it meets the handle. I cannot use it at all. So a perfectly good travel purse issitting in the closet doing nothing. I wrote to the company and they won't do anything about it. I guess Amazon will not do anything eithersince it is shipped from the company. (I think) In any case I am SO disappointed with it and it was a waste of money.
This pocketbook would be good for people that like to lose thing in ne place. It has so many pockets and hiding spots that I would lose everything i put in it.
These fell apart within the first few weeks.  Poor quality leather, little insulation.  I would not recommend to any one.
very pure quality leatherate.  very bad lines. right hand glove was defected. lines are pure quality too. don't buy this gloves. you will lost money!
this tap shoes are the worst I have ever seen!! My poor little one complaints as they feel uncomfortable, hurt her little feet and they are putting her off her lessons!!! waste of money, time and motivation!!
I have to give this watch a "don't buy rating".  If a watch doesn't keep accurate time its not worth any price unless you need a prop in a play.  This watch does every once in a while keep within a few minutes  of accurate time.  The rest of the time it is in a time unto itself.  Its time to toss mine.  Does anyone need a good looking prop for their play?
I have owned two of these watches.  The first one ceased keeping accurate time after I had the battery replaced.  And I mean wildly inaccurate.The second one did not hold up well.  The ring at the top of the watch came off (with normal in-and-out of the pocket use) and could not be replaced.  I tried tightening it with pliers and it instantly came off.  I used it anyway, and now it has ceased keeping accurate time (even though it is on its original battery).Setting the time is an adventure -- be sure that the button is fully back in or it will never start back up.  And I have had the time set button pull out when I pulled the watch out of my pocket.It is a cheap watch -- but you get less than you paid for.
I bought the product because it was a Coleman (a name you can trust) but it proved to be defective and I had to return it.  It would not keep time so I was disappointed with my purchase. : ^ (
It was the wrong color.It was Brown.The label on the package said Black. Don't want the bother of returning it, it was a gift I needed quickly.So I kept it.
Product arrived on time and as ordered, though I ought to have heeded the reviews about sizes running large.  I'm a small-medium guy...their medium size was EXTRA large.  Still, it is a quality product...so I returned it, with the intent to purchase a smaller.  This was a month ago - I haven't gotten a refund yet, and may not even bother to get another coat now.  Working on a farm in upstate New York, I may be wanting something sooner than they can provide it.  At this point, I'm just hoping to get my money back.
Be careful and inspect the color of coat prior to using and washing.  After my husband foolishly washed it, (because it was so stiff), he found out that one side of the coat was black (is what he ordered)and the other side was dark blue.  This was also true of the hood (one side black and the other side dark blue)  Some lighting make it look normal and with other lighting it is very apparent.  We returned it for another black coat, but I fear that because we washed it they won't accept it.  Amazon was quick to replace it but they have strict policies on washing an item prior to returning it.  My husband said that shouldn't make a difference since no one would wear it anyway whether it was washed or not.  The replacement black coat looks great and the way it is suppose to look!
The clock's features have changed, the description and picture on the webpage haven't. Even the box in which the clock is packed still shows the discontinued model. One feature (the calendar) has been eliminated, and another feature (on the one I got, anyway) doesn't even work. Buyer, beware.
If you buy this, then you must be a retard.  Why not save the 225.00 to buy a handgun to end your life, you piece of trash.
I bought this bag expecting a little better quality I think.  I use it and it is as functional as advertised, but I just think it looked a little softer, more sophisticated in the picture...
they are too small to use as a post for any earingunable to use as a backing - don't waste your moneyvery disappointed
Bought these earring backs because I have a pair of earrings that my boyfriend bought for me in Italy that I adore so much. But still, i lost one earring, I am really sad over this.
Bought this product because it detailed it was 6 sets of screw on backs. When this product arrived I was dismayed. It was a normal earring back. No screw on.Decided to keep it... What woman can't use another set of earring backs
This is a great little bag, but the feel of the material makes my blood run cold (like nails on a chalk board). The crinkle nylon is rough to the touch, and I couldn't use it. I have passed it on to my sister...maybe she has tougher skin than I do :)
clock had so many risks, I thought you had bought a used one!the glass on the sides, he still had some fingerprints on it, and something like putty! Unprofessional, liars ... the clock is not new.and I have trouble sending it back
I had purchased this watch, for my wife, for her birthday. I had ordered this watch twice. The first time I received it, the face and clasp of the watch had mild scratches as if it was used.  I called the GUESS customer service to explain to them the condition of the watch that I received and sent it back.  I had to order another one.  Luckily they paid for all of the shipping costs.  I then received the second watch and that one had mild scratches on the face and clasp.  I called the GUESS customer service again to explain to them the condition of the watch that I received and sent it back.  I asked to get my money back.  It is a great looking looking watch, to bad my wife couldn't enjoy it.  The watch needs to be better secured in the watch box.
the watch had so many scratches, i thought i ordered a used one!on the glass, on the sides, it even had some fingerprints on it, and something like putty!and i have trouble sending it back!
The fabric in this bra is decent quality but very thin. I expected something more sturdy as that was what it looked like in the picture and I think that's what the price should have reflected.  It doesn't have enough of a bottom band to keep it from riding up and becoming uncomfortable.  If you are on the larger side, this is really not going to help you much. Unless you can find this bra in a store and try it on in person to see if it works for you I wouldn't bother.  I am disappointed as it did look like it was going to work out well.
That item came broken and dont look same than picture dont convince me , look very simple , so i did return .
The item sent was terrible! Should not be called a briefcase. Very poor quality and not at all functional. Did not come close to the picture. No outside or inside pockets, not sturdy. Looked like something I could find at the dollar store. Do not purchase.
This was given to my daughter to use to hold her materials to student teach. It only lasted about 2 months. The zippers stuck and broke off and the seams started to split.  She had to cut one of the zippers open to get to her materials.  Definitely doesn't last.
I bought this for driving in a convertible, top down, because I liked the light weight, rigid brim with rocker shielding front and back. Moving in an open car it's fine. Otherwise one sweats like a pig. Tilley refused to take it back saying I should take it to the shop where I'd purchased it but the shop had gone out of business. I put in extra grommets but to no avail.  It's no wonder that Tilley now makes many different mesh versions. There are many better hats available from other manufacturers w/o the added cost for the "hype".
Got the Steren Cable Clips for my son who needed to hard wire his computer to out router...FAIL!!  These did not work.  They are flimsy and the nails bent and even broke while trying to secure the cables.  We had to throw these out and use a staple gun.  I would not recommend these to anyone.  They are awful and was a total waste.
I placed an order from this seller on 1/17/09 and I have not even heard one work from them and my order is suppose to be delivered by tomorrow. I'm sure it hasn't even been shipped yet. I won't order from them again. They get and F- from me. Not a reputable seller.
It is not a bargain.  The "leather" is so soft it's like melting plastic. After one use it is scratched so deeply it's beyond repair.  DO NOT ORDER THIS.
I was hoping for it to be silicone or something more substantial, this is just a bandaid that does little to cover.
I have this one shoulder orange shimmer top from Express and these showed thru still like I had really big areola's.  Not good for lighter or brighter tops.  I would only wear thse with Navy, brown or black when I don't want my nipples to protrude and where the color won't show thru.
These stayed on great, gave good coverage, but were hard to take off and actually hurt. I do not consider myself a 'sensitive' person in this regard, but I did not like these. I was tearing them apart to get them off of me.I have been using those silicon petals (non-adhesive) and they are much more utilitarian and comfortable for me.
I ordered this product...excited that I could finally go without a bra. I was so disappointed!! I am returning this product and will just go buy a few "circle" band-aids. What a waste of $$.Save your money. The lowbeams are super thin, look silly and are a joke.
The shoes are a good product but I would not buy from this retailer again. I bought size 13'S and they were too small. I sent them back and never received a refund. They weren't interested in processing the refund.Such a pity as I had Flojo's before and they are awesome shoes.
was not happy with briefcase rightside locking device brokewithen 5 days  wouldlike to send it back. just dont know how to do that. please contact me about going about that. i think i may choose something else at a later date.
I opened the product to find out that the combination lock on the left side is non-op. I start to look at the over all quality of this product and I highly doubt Kenneth Cole would make a product so cheaply. They have a high standard and this is not one of them. The instructions seem like they have been photocopied as opposed to being printed like every Kenneth Cole product. I'm going to be returning this poor quality item.
Ordered this over my girlfriend's objections.  She said the pictures looked cheap compared to the pictures of similar design Kenneth Cole cases sold elsewhere for $250.  Big mistake.Did receive the briefcase quickly - well ahead of the scheduled delivery date.  Great job.So the girlfriend and I opened the box and revealed the Kenneth Cole briefcase.  At first glance it looked fantastic.  I was ready to tell my her, "Told you so!"But taking a closer look, it was obviously repaired in the top corner on both sides before it was shipped.  Cheap spot patches on each side so it could be sold.  Looks like this was part of a 2nd or 3rd quality run of briefcases that couldn't be sold in stores so were sold them online cheap.But it was really discounted from that $250 pice!  So I can handle a little ding that was repaired.  Otherwise the case looks great...except...hold on......what just happens when I lift the case up by the handle?  Wow, the handle squeaks when I move it--if I barely move it.  And not just a little squeak when I lift up the case.  I tried to walk with the case and...SQUEAK, SQUEAK, SQUEAK!  The handle squeaks so loud it is unbearable.  I'd look like an absolute idiot walking down the street with this thing.  My girlfriend was laughing so hard at this.  Again, another manufacturing flaw that no quality inspector could miss-clearly a 2nd or 3rd quality run that they didn't want to throw away so they sold online cheap.  If that's what you're looking for - this is the product for you!I wanted to return it but my girlfriend won't let me.  She's making me keep it to remind myself not to buy a 'bargain' on Amazon because it will just be more low-quality garbage that shouldn't be sold in the first place.  Lesson learned.
Please be aware if you are purchasing this and require padding--this jersey does not have it.  I have noticed other websites selling this same jersey and also using the same description.  I ordered it and had to send it back--at my own cost plus an additional re-stocking fee.
This shoe was not comfortable.  Ironically prior to purchasing this shoe I did not pay attention to the brand because if I would have known it was made by Cherokee, I would not have ordered the shoe.  My current Cherokee shoes are horrible and this pair that I ordered was very similar in fit.  I would not recommend this brand if comfort is an issue for you.
The Round the Clock panty hose did not seem to be of the same quality that I have purchased in the past from department stores. The panty seams pulled almost at once. I will not buy this product again.
This Tote Bag is junk. It came out the box poorly manufactured, with the top rim unfinished. Since then, after just one month, one of the straps has broken (it is not leather, but some other junky material).Avoid at all costs.
I'm beyond disappointed. I actually purchased two of them one with red handles and one with brown. I like the shape and idea of this bag, but the handles smell like untreated meat. I tried washing it, leavinging out on the sun for a week and still smells like freshly killed cow that's been painted with cheap red pain which rubes off on clothes and hands. Anyway I am discussed to even touch the handles as I literally have to wash my hands right away because the smell is unbearable.
Too stiff, not exactly the quted size, very rough on inside- possibility of slicing hand when reaching in.  Would like to return it at no cost to me.
The item was not as pictured.  It is funky and of poor quality.  The seller did not respond when I contacted him about this.
Bought these gloves to go along with a clown costume. I thought it was a sick joke when i opened the package and saw how flimsy these gloves were. They looked like they were made out of paper or a sheer dust rag. The gloves the seller used looked to be of good quality but the item  I received did not resemble the photo at all. This transaction was misleading and I am not pleased.
I was very disappointed when I opened up the package, not only did the gloves not resembled the picture but the sewing was very bad, when I put them on it felt like they were going to tear, I know that the price was cheap but they were almost see thru like if they were made out of a used rag, very disappointed, I am going to have to buy new gloves...:(
I bought this watch a few years ago and it has broke three times the first time within a few months. Since I am in the US and they are in Germany it was a 5 month process to get it fixed the first time because the watch broke again while it was being shipped back. Now all the gears are still in place but it just does not work. this is a good watch if you don't plan on winding it.
my hats had misaped panely, made it too large in front  or back depending on where the bad panels were (by panle i mean triangle sections)
These were supposed to be a Halloween costume for my son. The arrived the day before, and had no time to return or back in the box they would have gone. As other reviewers mentioned, they are not made well. In addition, they are not true to size, 2-3 years? That is a major difference, my son was swimming in them and absolutely refused to wear them.
I emailed their customer representativ requesting status of order. Only to know that the order's been backordered. He presented me with a new color option. I chose another color and 3 days later item still hasn't shipped.I would expect the vendor to follow up with the customer, not the other way around.Poor customer service.
Go to You Tube and type "How to tie a necktie" in the search box or better still type "Windsor Knot" in there.Even the worst You Tube video on this subject is better than this book. In fact I recommend that you copy the search terms above now and go to You Tube rather than waste money on this book.If I had relied on this book to teach me how to tie a Windsor knot in a necktie I would have given up long ago.The instructions make little sense. I only paid a dollar for this book but believe me it's not worth even a dollar. Oh yes it does show 14 ways to tie but most of them you will never use. You only need to learn two types of knots. The half Windsor (easy) or the full Windsor (difficult). They do have a section here on how to tie a bow tie but I sure would not want to try it using this book's description.
Unfortunately in order to get my foot into this bootie, I would have had to force it.  And I could see that eventually the opening might tear.  So, I had to return it.
I was looking for an "indoor-out-door" type slipper which the description said this was.  Not so!  AND, the sole was extremely slippery on regular tile floors AND, provided absolutely no support.
I just assumed the fuzzy slipper shown would be fuzzy inside as it looks - wrong!  While the outside of the slipper is fuzzy - the inside is a thin layer of material and you can feel the sole of the slipper through the thin bottom.  To be comfortable one would need to wear socks for warmth.  Also, if this is terry cloth - it's very thin cloth.  Not a great buy.
Not pleased.  I saw them on QVC, but didn't want to pay their high shipping fees.  These slippers, although very pretty, didn't fit snuggly as they appear to fit.  They were clumsy on my feet and as I walked, they had a mind of their own.  I returned immediately.  Amazon refunded my money AND paid for the return shipping!
tried to find a replacement for the no longer in stock dearfoams. this isn't it  .not true to size,  and they arrived dirty.
These slippers are typical of Daniel Green products, beautiful, comfortable and affordable.Thanks
My family has purshased many items over the years from Amazon, from books to TVs. This is the first item that we are unsatisfied with.Previous reviewers have said the top of the slippers are too tight. I ordered a pair on the larger side for my wife in anticipation of this potential problem and they were still too tight - but OK. Next, my wife said they didn't feel right and kept switching them from one foot to another. She soon discovered that we were shipped two right-footed slippers. Are you kidding me? Now I finally get time to return them and I find out that I have to return them on my dime because the "return window is closed". Comm'on I bought them for my wife for Christmas and it's only the beginning of February. I will never buy footwear from Amazon again. Too much risk and hassle. In the end, these slippers are not as nice as slippers you can buy at half the price just about anywhere.
I was really looking forward to recieving these "MEMORY FOAM" slippers. When they arrived I was EXTREMELY disappointed to discover that they only had a "RUBBER" sole with terry cloth. (The terry cloth and color were beautiful and the size 11 narrow was great on the fit.)  I hope the factory just forgot to put the memory foam in this particular pair of slippers because if that is not the case then this company is guilty of false and misleading claims in their online product discription, as well as, the discription on the attached tag.  I returned these slippers the day after they arrived and am still in search of a pair of slippers WITH real memory foam that the wearer can actually feel.
I purchased these slippers for my girlfriend for Christmas last year, need to say they no longer exist in this household.  The quality is less than desired and the comfort is not worth the wait.  If you don't do much around the house and just want something to keep your feet warm these are for you.  But if you work around the house and take the dog out they won't last.  Poor craftsmanship and the padding is less than expected.  She didn't like these at all.....
These slippers look comfortable and pretty. They are. BUT the narrow size is NOT narrow. I bought these for an elderly friend who wears a narrow shoe and they have lots of room on the sides of her feet. NOT a true narrow. Not happy about this.
This was not a good fit for my mom. It says "narrow" but the slippers were way too wide for my mom. She nearly fell (thankfully I caught her) when she slipped wearing these uncomfortable slippers, In addition, there was not enough padding under her foot to make these at all comfortable. I returned them and I am STILL  awaiting a credit to my account!
the slippers are cut too high in the back which will give blisters, and the velcro is hard to fasten when you get a firm fit.  Very uncomfortable.
I didn't pay attention to what other people said about poor quality, smaller size and stitchy fabric, and now that I ordered it, I'm paying the consecuences. It's really thin, the turtleneck is not double, just a single piece of clothe put from the neck up.... I'm REALLY dissapointed.
I saw a review that stated it was a 4-pack. No where in the description did it ever mention it being for only 1 pair.  $15. for 1 pair of sock!  They do start to ball after washing, even when turned inside out.  But hey they fit and they're comfortable.
I thought these were nice socks at first, but after only a few wears (maybe 6 days of wear) they have holes in the heel.  Other brands of wool socks I bought in the same order have held up much better.
The main reason why I wanted this hat was for the color. I dont care if the deliver was quick. I wouldn't care if it took a month, as long as I get what I payed for. The color the picture is wrong when I got the had it was an grayish light brown not the light brown in the picture. I even took a picture of it if you want to see it. And I tried ordering a different color and that color didnt match the picture either, you guys are color blinded.
I ordered a beige cap and got a camel one instead! Fit is slightly too small compared to the black and white caps I had already ordered and enjoy wearing. Is there a way we can ractify this? Please don't ask me to send cap back because the postage is atricious since I live in Malta!!
The sizing for these hats is woefully bad.  A supposed XL size would not fit my elbow. It really was not worth even 1 star
Skagen Men's Team CSC Titanium Chronograph Watch #721XLTRBThis watch looked great but came with problems. One reason I got this watch was that it was Swiss. Well, I received the watch and when I looked at the dial to where it was suppose to say "Swiss Made", it was missing a letter "s" so it said "Swis Made" on the front dial of the watch. I returned it and Amazon sent a prompt replacement but that was defective in a different way. The replacement watch had its band fitted wrong so that one of the chronograph knobs was loose and had a gap around it so that stuff could accumulate under the wrap around band. In short the watch looks great on the cover but when you look at the details you find you should stay away. Amazon was great dealing with the situation. I am right now waiting for my two returns from this order to process.
I wore these to a wedding and half way through the night they broke on the heel strap. I will not be going with this company again.
I ordered a 7.5 M which is what I always wear in a shoe.  I couldn't even get my foot into the shoe.  I can tell you that it was way too narrow.  I don't know about the length because my foot wouldn't go in.  I had to return them.  I wouldn't buy another pair of Daniel Green's until I knew for sure how the sizes really run.  0 Stars.
In the first place, this thing is way too small.  What can you do with it?  I'll tell ya...NOTHING.  It was too small to even fit around my little boys neck.What a huge disappointment.  It is also cheaply made and I've found similar items at the dollar store.
The size of the bandana is fine, the problem is the logo is in the wrong place, it's unusable, no excuses.
I ordered the suede and patent leather.  The white paint on the "divets" that are part of the bottom of the shoe but show all around peels and chips off within days.  I returned mine and would not recommend that anyone purchase that particular style.
I searched for PANDORA bracelet charms and this item came up, it is not for that type of bracelet.  The only photo just showed the front, so it was impossible to tell before I ordered it.
Didn't fit bracelet. Not worth returning for price. My own fault for taking a gamble on it fitting. Wasn't specified what bracelet it fits. Couldn't figure out how to ask seller.
I thought that I would have this watch for years and years to come, maybe even pass it down to my son.  Well I use the watch for evening out and whenever I am dressed nicely.  I don't dive with it since it's not a diving watch, the only thing I've done is wash some dishes and washed my hands in a sink.  Well the bevel has rusted completely off and since this has happened I'm unable to set the time and date so I'm now stuck with a paper weight.  I loved the look of the watch but the mechanics and engineering have made this one of the worst purchases I've ever made.  I do not recommend this watch to anyone.  I immediately bought another watch this time an Invicta.  Stay away from wasting your money on this really bad watch.
It cost me a lot of money for a tiny trinket I can hard see. I am really disappointed.  DianaVV
CONS:1)the vest is thin.2)the feathers come out at the seams.PROS:1) the price2) the color (black/red)
This was advertised as a silk tie.  But it is polyester.  I do note the title sayd red polyester ties but down below (where I saw it)  it definitely says SILK.Beware!
i bought it when they on sale black friday, but they sent me a defected watch. and they dont replace only refund, and the product sell by amazon
I purchased this Cartier men's tank as a gift and it has been nothing but trouble.  First of all, Amazon sent me the wrong watch in the correct Cartier box, sending  a smaller, less expensive version.  I had to pay $60.00 (which was refunded) to send the watch back and then waited a full month before my credit card was corrected (after numerous calls to Amazon Customer Service).  Normally, Amazon credits back returns quickly but not so with "luxury items".  They must first be verified that a fake was not substituted for the real thing but they don't tell you that on any screen during checkout.  I did reorder this item, thinking that it was an honest mistake (and I was sucked in by the fantastic price) but  I really regret it.  Now, the new watch has stopped keeping time after one month and I cannot take it to a Cartier store for service unless I pay for it.  Otherwise, I must send it along to Amazon for service.  God knows how long that will take.  Don't get sucked in by the cheap price.  I wish I had bought this item at a Cartier store and not gone through this hassle.  Beware!!  Update: the watch was taken to Cartier, and while genuine, is an older model that needed complete servicing inside for $500.  After the Cartier servicing the watch works perfectly.  So beware buying a "new" watch from Amazon - it may be an older model that has sat on the shelf for several years and may not function properly. if you attempt to return it after 30 days because it has stopped working, they will not accept the return (even after their telephone representative promises to accept the return).  If you have removed a link to fit your arm, they will refuse the return even if you return all links.  You will never have the benefit of the manufacturers warranty and the warranty booklet will not be stamped by an authorized dealer.
Received this in a size large.  I am just 6 weeks pregnant and it didn't even come close to fitting me now--but I only wear a size 12 in my normal clothes.  Also, the return information said that clearance items can't be returned, and this was on clearance when I bought it.  Very disappointed.Hopefully my smaller sister fits it when she gets pregnant so its not a complete waste.
IGot this sailor out fit for my baby and I was very disappointed on the quality I guess they import from Hong Kong because it's very very cheap materialTherefore, I decided to returnI call because I was concern in the amount was not the same one I paid and this rude woman called the manager star abusive verbal my answer machine she was rude mean and no class .She said she was the manager and she said she was the boss and she was so unprofessional I cannot believe they stay in businessIn addition, she brags she did so great and more lies.
Recieved necklace broken in two places. I notified seller and never received an answer as to what I should do. I STILL HAVE NOTHING BUT A BROKEN NECKLACE.
After the first year or so of working well, we have had to send it back to L.A. several times at our cost for repairs and they never get it right! It may work for a month or so, then it is the same problem or a new one. It is too highly priced for the product that it is. I was told when I bought it that it was sterling silver, but in fact, it is not as confirmed by a local jeweler!!
this is a nice everyday watch it was delivered on time. it's not too big of a watch witch I expected by looking at the pics on line. it feels sturdy, I say that because I'm a locksmith and tend to bang my fist on safes to get them open.lol. I wear it on my left hand without any problems. it's a nice buy for the price. I recommend this watch.update 8/12/13: the crown of the watch fell off! I checked the return policy on invicta because its still under warranty and decided it was not worth the time or money. Poor craftsmanship I Don't recommend this watch. Sorry invicta I call it like i see it.
THIS IS A FAKE WATCH. MADE IN JAPAN. I WANT MY MONEY BACK. THE MATERIALS ARE CHEAP AND THE WATCH IS POORLY MADE. I BOUGHT IT AS A GIFT AND NOW THAT I'VE GIVEN THE GIFT, WE REALIZED IT IS FAKE.. NOT INVICTA AT ALL.
The watches does not work, I lost my money, the timer does not work. is really a steal for a product that does not work
This looks like an Invicta using a Seiko TMI VD 57 movement that I just bought new for $99. Never seen an Invicta non Reserve watch  made in Asia sell for this kind of price but I could be wrrrong.
The shoe wallet won't even hold my debit card- only hold 1 key and you have to fold the money a few times to get it to fit!! The wallet also arrived 2 1/2 weeks later than was promised.  Easier just to carry my keys!!
I bought this item for an upcoming cycling event.  It seems to be a nice enough product that will keep sweat out of the eyes etc.  The reason for the negative review is that the picture advertising the wrap is not the same as the item shipped.  Note the picture is an all black wrap.  The item they shipped me is a purple head wrap with lightning bolts i.e. "brainstorm".  I should have realized by the name, but I go by the picture advertising the item.  If you want a purple wrap with lightning bolts I suppose this would be a satisfactory product.
This item is very cheap.  The material is extremely thin.  The cut is also weird and I found them very uncomfortable.  I ended up throwing them all out after about a month.  I would recommend paying a little more and getting a better product than this one.
I bought this watch on this website sold by a vendor called Dexclusive. They seem to have a website and everything so it looks official. I must say that I wish I had not made the purchase ($400 at the time). This watch died on me after 8 months. No matter what I do, it will not work. I've taken it to several watch stores and they can't seem to fix it so im stuck with a watch. That's not even the "best part"...the "best part" is that I was told by two watch stores that the watch is a FAKE CITIZEN replica...it is NOT a REAL CITITZEN WATCH...Ive tried contacting DEXCLUSIVE several times and I have not been assisted still.  I cant even return the watch. BEWARE OF DEXCLUSIVE products !!!!
I never received the item. Called the company and got no help, was told they shipped it and that was that.
Beautiful luggage, but too heavy and won't fit under a bed and takes up too much room.  It is over 50 pounds before I am finished packing.
The product and price were agreeable and I ordered it in plenty of time to receive it for my trip.  It never arrived and when I returned from my trip I inquired directly to the company and they said they sent an e-mail explaining that it was NO LONGER AVAILABLE and that my credit card would be credited.  I went back to check my e-mail log and no e-mail was ever received by them.  I would order at least 2 1/2 months prior to your need to avoid this problem.
I bought these because I thought they would help me pass tests...but I was WRONG!  My life is ruined.  I have to go to a crappy state school now.  I am contemplating changing my name to avoid the shame that follows me everywhere.  My friends ridicule me.  I have no life thanks to these STUPID test shoes.
I bought this for my 4 year son. It broke the first day. He never had a chance to use it in the rain.
I loved the idea but was disappointed when I tried it out. The band loses contact and frequently won't register a heartrate. The holes are frayed. I still use the bra but I wear the band underneath it. I wish I had spent the money on a really good regular sports bra instead.
Mi calificaci&oacute;n es para el servicio.Hice el pedido de este articulo junto con otros pedidos, pero finalmente recib&iacute; un email del vendedor avis&aacute;ndome que no hab&iacute;a en existencia.Ser&iacute;a muy conveniente que tuvieran actualizado el inventario para que desde el momento de aplicar la compra se confirme la existencia.
I bought this product for my wife because she could not use her Polar as the strap was too big for her. The braworked good but it cut her skin so she could not use it anymore. I think the idea is good but they should use another fabric.
Product quality is good, but it is a Medium size item and definitely not Large as advertised.
Buyers beware! This bag and all of the other balenciagas sold on amazon are obvious (and expensive) fakes!
This ring is sharp on the edges. I am afraid of wearing it because I don't want to cut anyone. Looks like I just grabbed something off the floor of the garage and placed on my finger. Really disappointed.
At first, I loved my Bike Cube. In fact, I bought the red one as a gift. But, my delight was short lived.  The bag lining deteriorated into little bits and pieces getting into all of my gear.The bag became unusable. The same thing happened to the larger red one.
I like everything about this product, except its smell. The material used has a very strong and distinct smell that you simply cannot get rid of. I tried washing it, spaying it with odor eliminators, even wrapped it in fabric fresheners for a couple of days. The smell simply doesn't go away. It is so strong that I need to wash my hands after handling the belt.
The ear warmers don't stay on my ears and the speakers are not loud enough.
This product does not keep your ears warm and falls apart easily.  Don't waste your money.
This bag was smaller than I'd expected, and had the brand name on the front, which is not visible from the picture. But the real disappointment was that the bag had been mis-sewn at the front, and was, in effect, pre-torn. Since I prefer to rip my own holes into my bags, I had to return it.The customer service person was hard to understand, and she had a difficult time understanding me. But in the end, I got this returned.
I purchased this Dakine bag for my daughter after not receiving the 1st bag I ordered and never received from a different seller.  My daughter loves this bag...it is cute, sporty and holds ALOT considering how compact it is.  She inspiried a few of her friends to get Dakine bags after seeing how cute her bag was.
The size ordered were what she normally wears--but were smaller than comparable clothes of the same type.  Very disappointing.
The description given was not correct.  I have a 17" laptop and the details of this product said that it would fit this size.  Well, there was no way I could make my laptop fit.  The bag was about 2 inches shorter in length then the laptop.  I sent it right back. However, I had no problems getting a refund and free shipping to return it.
I bought this Item thinking it was bigger than it actually was.  The charms are tiny.
To me a "basic wool flannel trouser" would be a more classic fit. The very low waist (NOT waist), 4" zipper, too-long, and very wide cuff was an awful disappointment. I own 3 pr. Harve Benard from 4-5 years ago which fit me beautifully - same good tailoring, lined wool - so that's what I expected. I am 5'7" and this year's design drags on the floor and sits down on my hips. The pant legs are 4" wider than my old ones. Also missing here are the side elastic options.
Both the watch and the clock where not functional when we received them. We did not pay too much for this product so did not bother returning it.
A surprised Valentine's day gift for my wife, but scratches were found and had to return for refund. I was frustrated.
I bought these boots on 9/5/2011.  They are the first pair of Doc Martens I ever had.  I wear them to work everyday where I am a database developer, so I sit at a desk all day. Yesterday, 1/18/2012, I noticed the sole of one boot is spliting horizontally and I can see the underside of the leather upper.  I don't imagine it'll be too long before the tread comes off completely.  Really sad for an industrial boot.
I would love to sit here and tell you how wonderful this pin remover is, but I never received it.  I have contacted the seller and no response from them!  I do not suggest you do business with this seller.
For the really high price you pay for these diapers, you expect a lot!  What you get is absolute rubbish!  The reason it is worth 1 star, is because they have nice patterns.Problems:* LEAKS, LEAKS, LEAKS. Every time we tried this it came through to our baby's clothes.  Our little one is pretty small and she outgrew the size small so quickly.* It is an ALL-In-One, and therefore does not clean out as easily.* It takes SO long to dry. We wash them inside out. It is still damp after you take out all the other clothes.  We let it air dry since we don't want to run the dryer just for these diapers.* They take up a lot of space (not a good travel diaper)Simply put: too much trouble for how expensive they are.  Skip these, there are much better ones out there.  I would never give these as a gift.
I have a 2 month old and really wanted to try cloth for her.  I also felt like I needed to try a bunch of different kinds before I made a selection. I bought one of these, a couple of Happy Heinys, Kissaluvs, and BumGenius 3.0.  The first and only time I put this one on her, I was nursing her, so she was laying on her side on a pillow in my lap.  When I picked her up, the diaper had leaked all over the pillow, like she wasn't even wearing a diaper at all.We now use the Kissaluvs size 0 during the day, with nylon Dappi pants covers, and BumGenius at night and on-the-go, since they keep her drier.  She is going to grow out of the Kissaluvs soon, at which point we will be using the BumGenius.  I know that some of it depends on the shape of your baby, and our daughter has a smaller waist and pudgier legs, which these diapers don't seem to adjust to.  All in all, I wouldn't recommend them.
The mask in the picture shown is Awesome.  Too bad it is not the mask you will get.  You will get the mask R4239/329 Creature Collector's mask they r also offering for $44.88.  But hey I cannot find the above mask anywhere telling me it isn't  Fun Shipped Fast fault but Rubies who is senting out the inferior mask to be sold.  FSF should remove this mask however because it is not the one you will get.
Purchased this watch 4 months ago and it started losing about 10 minutes a day a couple of weeks ago. I noticed that condensation would appear inside the watch when I was outside in the heat for a while and go away when I came into the air conditioning at home. Since this item was purchased directly through Amazon I called for the warranty info and was told that any condensation in the watch was not covered by their warranty, only the internal movement. I read their warranty several times and there is no mention of condensation being excluded from warranty. Now I am told that the movement isn't covered because it could have been damaged by condensation. Tag will not warranty this watch because Amazon is not an authorized dealer. Bottom line $653.00 repair by Tag on an $1100 watch that is only 4 months old.
I have had nothing but problems with this TAG - when I first got it, this watch ran 7 minutes/month slow.  Sent it back to TAG and they admitted the problem and made the repair for free.  When I got the watch back - it ran too fast - it gained 3 minutes/month - then suddenly it stopped working. now tag wants to charge for the repair - do not buy this watch
If you buy a $1200 watch, especially a Tag, you expect it to work longer than 35 days.This is the first item I have bought from Amazon that I am truly sorry for buying.I have had another Tag for 15 years and never had a problem, so I felt confident in purchasing this one and even by-passing the warranty from Tag. Big mistake! It quit working right after the 30 day Amazon return period ended.I have written Amazon but am still awaiting a reply.I will never buy an automatic watch again. Too many moving parts.
I bought this watch from Amazon and it didn't function.  Amazon was great about refunding it.  I then bought the same model from my local retailer and that worked for a month but stopped working too and was replaced.  It has now been six-months and unsurprisingly is now not working again.This should be a luxury item.  However, the quality is simply not there.
The bracelet is exactly as described, and it is beautiful.  However, the circle for the toggle is too large.  The bracelet fell off several times before I gave up and decided returning it was a better option then losing it.
Word. This book should come with a warning sticker: DO NOT READ THIS BOOK IF YOU ARE PREGNANT, OR PLANNING TO BECOME PREGNANT. If you are even at all prone to anxiety, don't even pick it up. It focuses on all the things that can go wrong with a pregnancy and puts the onus all on the woman's behavior. This book exemplifies the unfortunate trend of pregnancy police/terrorism that would have you think that eating one piece of soft cheese MIGHT cause your baby to die. Taking one sip of beer is basically tantamount to infanticide. If your baby hiccups inside you (perfectly normal and good) it will make you think that the umbillical cord MIGHT be wrapped around the baby's neck, POSSIBLY because you made a wrong move in yoga class. Really, I understand that these things, unfortunately,  DO happen, and it IS very important to watch what you eat and drink and to take special care of yourself while you are pregnant. It's a good time to put down the crack pipe for a while. Seriously, though, this kind of nattering at each and every thing the woman does during pregnancy that MIGHT cause problems is getting out of hand.  The VAST MAJORITY of pregnancies are perfectly normal and to focus on all the RARE and HORRIBLE things that can go wrong is just -- F#%$-ED- up! At worst, it will terrify you and may even cause you to reconsider the relative merits of lifelong spinsterhood.  At best, it will make you crazy-worried every second of your pregnancy, and guilty about every spoonful of food you eat, every drop of liquid you injest, every breath of air you breathe. A pretty crappy way of experiencing  what should be a joyful, beautiful time in your life. Oh, and I just *LOVE* the country-cutesy illustration on the front cover.  *I'm being SARCASTIC!*
It's full of scare tactics and bad information.  I liked Dr Sears' "Pregnancy Book" a lot better.
I bought these , thinking how adorable these would look on my 16 month old daughter.  I received them in a timely maner and was so excited to have her wear them the next day.  She came back from Day care with the leather fraying around the seams. I picked her up the 2nd day, when my day care lady handed me the shoes and said that they were garbage but cute. I looked at them and the whole seam around the front of the shoes came off. leaving gapping holes.  What a disaster and how dissapointing since I did thought they were so cute and with the strong rubber bottom I only thought they would outlast any other of her shoes. WRONG! Don't get these shoes if you expect them to last more then 1 wearing.
I dunno what it going on but my last 5 purchases from Amazon have been disappointing. There has been an issue with each product. Of course that won't stop me from ordering in the future though and it is not Amazon's fault. I love Amazon - I'm an addict lol.These pants were cute when I took them out of the package. The material was soft, they felt like they would be so comfy. The cut of them is nice. Then my daughter put them on and things changed a bit. She was going to wear them to school this morning but after having them on for about 10 minutes, the knees of the pants were so stretched out and like hanging. When she stood up, the knees stuck out. They were so out of shape. She was going to wear them to school but we quickly decided that was totally out of the question. We have purchased other Soffe products in the past and never had an issue. I am not sure what happened with these pants. I suppose they would be good for pajamas or something, but I can't imagine anyone wearing them in public, even to the gas station. After a few minutes of wearing them, they look like you have had them on for a week straight and are all out of shape with puckered out knees. I mean, she only had them on long enough to grab a bowl of cereal and sit at the table to eat it. About 10 minutes. And then the pants looked like crap. I can't really complain because I only paid a few cents over $5 for them, so she can use them as pajama pants. We bought the black in a size xs and the sizing was right on and the cut/style of the pants is cute .. until those knees pop out lol.
I bought these for my wife.  These things were almost impossible to get on.  And, once they were on, they were so tight around the ankle that they cut off circulation to her feet.
VERY, VERY, WEIRD fit. Too short, too wide, tiny ankles, very big and loose above ankle.
This product looked so lovely on line, I just couldn't wait to receive and so far I am still waiting for it to arrived. I have e-mailed the sender on several occassion and yet I have not received my Chef Jacket.
I ordered this and realized I didn't specify the size so went back 20 min. later to  cancel the order and then order another one.the shipping is 3/4 the priced of the item!  Then after what I thought was a canceled order didn't even work at all.  I have been sending emails all day and tried to call them to no avail.  Horrible communication.  they took my money and haven't even responded to my email or phone call.Caveat Emptor
I bought a pair of these shoes but they shipped the wrong size and when I asked if I could exchange, the person, Steve at the company said I could. I send the shoes back and have left several messages/emails over a number of weeks but they have not responded back at all. So if you want to buy, then make sure it's the correct size since some manufacturer's sizes are a little off and you'll have no chance of returning/exchanging.