Personal hygiene items are best left personal. When I received these, there was some smudgy, oil brownish substance in the grooves of the caps and on the bottles. Pretty nasty. I threw them away. So whomever bought these, stored crude oil in them, and then returned them, I must have gotten yours.
I was a bit disappointed in this, hoping for something with a little more weight and solidity to it.  It's nothing more than a piece of plastic, punched into a clock shape.  No, it does not work, the hands are printed on the plastic. For the collector, it's passable as long as one merely looks at it from a distance.  Touching it would spoil any illusion...
It's cheap and it probably won't last, but what's the alternative? I bought it, it worked, but it kept flipping over and the backside is just white.
This is a one-dimensional one-sided plastic product, almost like a Halloween mask from Walgreens. The chain fell off immediately, it was destroyed in a matter of hours. However, well worth it for the pleasure it brought in those hours.
I purchased this as a cake topper for a friends Oz themed party...and that's really all it's good for. It is very thin plastic and has a hollow backing. Doesn't look as nice as the picture.
Had no idea it was just a plastic shell with no back.  Guess I should have expected it for the price.  The issue is that it keeps flipping over to the empty back when you wear the fake watch.
I am highly upset, when I place this order on Dec. 26, 2013 and received it on Jan. 6, 2014, it arrived in horrible condition, the clock was all crushed and it was not in regular numbers like the picture has, it had roman numbers, I was very dissatisfied because I wanted the one with the regular numbers that is the main reason I ordered it, and it came all crushed and roman numbers, my grandson was highly upset and that made me very upset and sad, I told him I will get him one the way he wants it. so please let me know it is is available. One dissatisfied customer. If I am to return the the crushed one that is all messed up, I should not be paying for shipping, it was their error.
For the price, it was not worth it also it did not give a clear description of the item like the size.
The GOOD: I bought this brand passport holder in RED because it had a zipper pouch on the backside. I wanted to hold a few dollars there as a convenience. Well, it was all that I had hoped for. The convenient zipper compartment UNTIL I used this item.The BAD: The folder that the airline tickets come in would not fit in the case and folding the e-tickets prsented a problem, also.It is fine to keep the current airline ticket out the airline folder but when you have multiple boarding passes and ticket receipts it is inconvenient to have to fold the folder to save it in this passport case. Also the baggage tickets on on the Airline Ticket Folder.I would love this passport case if it was just a smiggin wider to hold documents because it is the only one I can find with a zipper compartment.Just beware your documents may not fit in this case! unless they have revised it.
The quality of this backpack is rather poor and comparable to many that are sold at Walmart for $15.00, so I paid twice as much!  The bottom fabric is not sturdy enough to take the daily cramming of schoolbooks, and i doubt will last more than 3-4 months.  Actually, I did find one backpack at Walmart that did have a pretty sturdy bottom about a year and a half ago for only $15.00; it finally wore out and since it isn't the beginning of the school year, Walmart's stock of backpacks is too limited at this time.  That's why I thought I'd try to buy one online.  I'll never do that again.  Some things should only be bought in person.
I just bought this laptop backpack so taht I could carry my powerbook along with books.  I expected the laptop slot to be padded on the bottom, the most important place for padding since you put your bookbag down all the time.  I always gently put the bag down...yet I still ended up getting a DENT in my brand new laptop.  I've been carrying the laptop around in non-laptop bags, and haven't had any problems, so I expected no problems with a bag that was designed to carry a laptop.other than that, it's a pretty bag w/ lots of compartments, so it's great as a regular bookbag..but the laptop slot seems to do nothing.
I liked the way it looked BUT it ripped apart in less than a month. I tried to contact the company about it but they never cared. I would consider something else instead.
I was very excited when I saw all the internal bags this bag had. It's spacy enough even if you have a 17&quot; laptop. It's comfortable and looks good. I can put all my stuff in the different places, which are very comfortable. Most people wouldn't think that it contains a laptop. HOWEVER, the pieces (zipper, &quot;arma&quot;)  started falling apart after 2 months of use. I asked for help from ebags but they never returned my questions. If i were you, I would buy a LLBean bag. THOSE one really last and have guarantee.
Feels really cheap and the belt attaching to it feels like it could snap at any time. The plastic clip looks like it can be broken easily. Should've make it more secure if I'm paying $15 dollars for it.
I ordered this money belt with confidence after reading the reviews (4.5 stars with 44 reviews).  I was disappointed when the money belt arrived.  The pouch itself is great--it is a good size and well constructed.  However the strap is really stretchy and cheap and the buckle is so flimsy and cheap.  The strap doesn't actually stay tight in the buckle and needs to be secured with either a safety pin or a knot.  It slips off VERY easily, not exactly the security most people are looking for when carrying their valuables.I don't usually write reviews, but I felt that if I had read more reviews about the cheap straps and buckle, it would have prevented me from making this mistake.  I'm really surprised how many people gave it such high marks...
This travel belt is good in theory, but it is too wide for comfort especially when seated.  A design problem is that the belt is not secure.  It easily lengthens during normal wear so that the bag is not snug against your body.  I do not recommend this bag!
Maybe it's the fact that you can't really lay anywhere's near a flat position when your seat is "lowered" on an airplane. I can never feel comfortable on those dam long flights.  The seats just aren't that comfortable to begin with, maybe first class is better but we don't fly that way.  Even with a neck pillow it doesn't change my comfort level.  If we could only afford our own plane with a queen sized bed.  A good strong sleeping pill is what I should really take before our long trips.  Something that will knock me out before we leave and let me wake up refreshed when we land. Unfortunately, there isn't any such item on the market.
I purchased this product to use on long airplane flights. I would give this product five stars for preventing low back pain. However, it began to slowly deflate within days of starting to use it. I don't know whether it was my bad luck that I purchased a defective item, or whether this product has a quality control problem.
This is a great product with just the right amount of coverage for an undergarment and a layering piece.  However, I would recommend you not place the order so that Lady Grace is filling it.  I recently ordered from them and they substituted a different item at a higher price, shipped the order to a gift recipient without confirming if the substitution or higher price was acceptable, and they are unwilling to reimburse me for shipment of an item I did not order.  Boooo Lady Grace - poor form.
As a D cup, I can't really complain about how tiny this &#34;bra&#34; is since the label states its for cs and smaller. but the material is extremely thin and personally i think a large bandaid would be better and more cost effective
I purchased a package of these for my wedding dress that was a deep v neck plunge.  The make them in alleged sizes from A- DD.  I can assure you that the only thing DD about this product was where it said DD on the package.  They by no means actually covered the important part and really fought with gravity the entire time.  Unfortuately gravity won.  I am sure they work well if you are a A cup, just don't jump for joy if you are a DD.  The packaging is very deceiving.
if you're A or B cup, you might want to buy this.  Any thing C or above, forget about it.It's certainly not going to support a D cup but worse than that, it actually is too "big" and sticks out (visibly) from the sides of the clothes.
I had a blue one before, but that one got stolen, so ordered an other one. This one is just way too big, not cute in my opinion. Color is as stated.
It says LARGE on the site but the received item says SMALL. and it is small.7x4.25x1Back it goes! ugh
Absolutely quality costume,  our 6 yr old grandson thinks it's fabulous........there was supposed to be a helmet though and there was not one.  I have not been able to get in touch with anyone to see how I can get the helmet. Other than that it was great,  sort of hoping a low rating like this will get someone's attention!
We bought this suit for our daughter for our 9/11 fundraiser we had last week. We went by the sizes, weight and she usually uses a size 12, so we bought the 12-14 size. The weight on this went 35 pounds over what she is, and this suit was too small. Go atleast one size larger than what says will fit your child. Its a durable nice suit, and is made to last. This will be going to my nephew for Halloween!
I agree...they are very dark and cloudy. Also, one of the earring's back just slides right off. They were really small too. I guess they might be worth the price...too bad I bought them when they were $99.
Like other reviewers, I was looking for a simple, rugged, versatile watch without many bells and whistles. This watch fit the bill, but I had to return it for two reasons. First, the ticking was way, way too loud. In a quiet room it's very noticeable and distracting. Second, the second hand didn't align with the indexes. Small things like this drive me nuts.At this price point, I wasn't expecting a lot, but Timex's quality seems to be getting worse in recent years.
watch is good , but it is a lot smaller than though. should be sold as a ladies watch. would never have bought it knowing what i received.....
I almost returned it.  It is NOT 40mm watch!  It is not even 38, maybe 37mm.  I bought it because the description says it it 40mm size.My biggest problem is the band cause my left wrist itching like crazy!  I may have to change the band.
This watch *looks* like a great watch... but it arrived to us with a dead battery. Very disappointing! We'll replace the battery, and hopefully the watch will work as advertised.
this watch ticks so loud it is miserable, I cannot be in the same room with it let alone have it on my wristit is also slightly smalland the strap feels cheap
This watch has a ticking sound, that I really do not like. I do not want to hear ticking. That was not enough for me to return it or even complain. However, now that this watch is no longer working, I am complaining about the ticking and durability of the watch. Specifically about the durability, the watch itself is very difficult to replace the battery. You pretty much have to drop it on the floor to replace the battery. There is no place to actually open the watch. My former Indiglo watch could be unscrewed using a Jewler's watch tool. This watch does not work after replacing the battery. If I take off the back of the watch and hold the battery in place, then it works. However, without the pressure of my finger on the battery, it does not work. That is a problem - obviously. I cannot replace the back cover and have the watch function properly. I am very willing to spend more on a watch to get at least the quality that I had previously with my former watch. I will be reading other people's reviews carefully and looking for pictures to help me make this choice.
I bought this watch for work. Right out of the box this watch lost 2 minutes an hour.stay away for this watch.
This watch does not look like it is meant to be worn by a man - it's very small. Nice looking, but no where near as durable as the T49631 that I've had for years. I'll stick with that one.
This item is not like what being sold years ago.  Only one key is shipped instead of the normal 2 keys that are provided for door locks, padlocks, motor vehicles, etc.  A cheap plastic lock is used instead of the older metal-style locks; so, why need a key at this point.  It has 2 wheels built in to the bottom.  Wheels may work for some suitcases but will they hold up well for the heavier load that a footlocker would normally hold for going to college.  The item is made of a material that is not as strong as the older styles.  There should really be a good handle on each side of the footlocker for carrying purposes instead of just one on the non-wheel side.  I know after one year of use, I'll either have repairs to do or replace it with another one.  This is one of the things where older ideas beat out newer ideas.
The bag it self is of good quality. The zipper and location are horrible,you have to feel around and guess where the opening us on the top for the hanger to come out, if the zipper went up to the top it would be much easier to use. All I can say is it is very difficult to use.
I received my package today and when I opened it I saw only one bag. I believe 'Set of 2' means 2 bags????!
It is hard to get garments into bag, it doesn't hold much and I don,t like the fabric.. I would return it but the allowed date for return has expired.  I do not recommend buying this item.
This bag is absolutely as cheap as you would expect for the price.  The fabric and zipper are clearly cheap, but if you just need a garment bag for light products and minimal use, I suppose this could work for you.  However, I used this while traveling by plane, and it broke halfway through my trip, which was a huge pain for a someone traveling on their own, and it was rather difficult to carry.
The blade did not fit the back of any of my 12 watches. I was tired of taking my watches to the jeweler to change my battery, but it turns out it's the only way to go, because not only does the jeweler use a specialized tool to open the watch, but they also have a specialized compressor tool to properly close it after the battery change.
This knife blade is not thin enough for delicate ladies watch which was a bit dissappointing since I wanted to start changing my watch batteries instead of paying $10 at a jewelry place.
I have a few watches that have the back that flips off and a couple of them are really hard to get off. From what I read this knife seemed like it would solve my problems. It didn't. It is too dull to get under the lip of the watch case. I sharpened it and it still didn't work. If it was sharpened to a real cutting edge it would probably work. I ended up just using a small pocket knife.
As one other reviewer noted, I have several watches that have no notch on the back side...they are flat.  I was hoping that this tool would do the trick.  Unfortunately, the tip is pointed (difficult to tell in the photo), so it's basically a knife.  I've used others in the past that have a square end that is rounded off, so there are no points.  I think that this is important if you want to avoid scratching your watch.  The only reason why I gave this product 2 stars instead of one is because I was successful in opening one of my watches.  Of course, it's one that I don't care about much.  Oh well, guess I'll have to take my other watches to a jeweler and pay the piper!!
Didn't work any better than what I was using, which was a pin.  It's still too thick to get the backs off of watches and it is sharp, so you need to be extra careful when you use it.  I have some watches that I am able to get the backs off with a pin but I could not getting any backs off with this tool.  Maybe I was using it wrong, but I don't think so.  Pretty self-explanatory.
Was looking forward to DIY fix my watch but its too fat to fit the gap. Should have saved my money for something that works.Oh well.
hard to use afarid of cutting myself. WOULD BUY A DIFFERENT TYP OF BATTERY OPENER. NOT A GOOD PRODUCT TO GET
The rivets protrude sufficiently to hurt your hand trying to grip this tool safely. This cheap tool has no handles to grip for safe use when opening a watch back.  You are buying the blade only and it is not made well enough to use on any watch costing more than $20.00 unless you don't care much for it. 4
The blade on this is way too thick to open the battery covering for women's watches.  I even took it into a jeweler and she couldn't use it.  I ended up getting out a very small screw-driver and that worked.
I purchased these pants and when the got here was out of town so tried on when home and didn't fit.Tried to contact to return to no avail. Emailed from return code so could try and return twice was never able to and to late for Amazon to return.Will not purchase from this place again
Well, my baby doesn't sleep in this, and neither did my sister's.  I actually bought it for her because she wanted to co-sleep but was nervous about it.  I thought this would calm her fears.  But she found it inconvenient and only used it a few times.She passed it on to me when I got pregnant, and I tried to use it, but my baby didn't like it.  She preferred to be on the bed, right next to me, so that's how we did it, and still do.  My baby is 18 months old now, and we love co-sleeping, and don't have any concerns about the safety of doing it the old fashioned way.If this thing will encourage anyone to co-sleep, then by all means, go for it!  Just because it didn't work for us doesn't mean it isn't a great idea.  Co-sleeping is one of the best decisions I've made for my kids, and if this will help you take that step, then go for it.
This shoe is not comfortable to me inside or outside. The leather feels kind of stiff. I realize leather loosens with wear, but even on the inside, the comfort just isn't there. I'd like it more padded and cushy.
These shoes look great but stretched out so much after wearing one time, they are unwearable. I contacted the seller who ignored my inquiry. I wasted my money.  Not recommended.
I normally wear a medium width .  These are for narrow feet.  Very small so get a larger size and width.
The shoe was too long for me and therefore the heel slipped way to much andthe shoe gaped on the sides.  It was a bit snug in the width.  I did not feel likesuffering while it stretched in the width. And so returned them.
I have a wide foot and cannot find shoes in stores very often.  I also have leg length discrepancy so my right shoe must have a lift on it.  These were a little large to I exchanged for one size down.  Then I sent the right shoe to be lifted.  When it came back the shoe was many sizes too large and despite inserts and padding I cannot wear it.  So be aware they stretch!!
Softspots Women's Trinidad Slip-OnLast year I ordered a size 9 in this shoe. It was a too big but I used a sole insert and a heel pad which solved the problem. The shoes wear well and are comfortable. This year I ordered the same shoe style in size 8 1/2 thinking it would fit perfectly. It was so tight I could not get it on. I returned the shoes and reordered a size 9 which fit but are very snug. These shoes have a strong chemical odor. I have aired them for a week with no improvement. The entire closet literally fills with this odor and I now air them in the garage. I may have to return these shoes too.
I have other shoes from Soft Spots that fit great.  I ordered the 7N just as my other shoes but these are way too long.  They come off when I try to walk in them.  I really wanted a closed toe huarache but these won't work.
Even though the product looks good, it is a really cheap quality anklet. Within the first week, it broke a total of 3 times. First, it snapped in half, then 2 diamonds fell off then the chain broke. I got tired of fixing it so I just threw it out. Don't even waste your time, energy, and money on this!
I have seen almost identical rings to this one that are real that go for a couple of hundred dollars.  So when I saw this for $20.00 I was thrilled.  When I got it and opened the box it was immediately notable that the mother of pearl looking cameo face was very very off centered when glued on the black stone.  It was lower than it should be.  I will return this ring most likely.  If it were centered it would be pretty but you can see a very slight glue edge.  As I said for the price if the face were in the center I would keep the ring.  Very disappointing.  The shipping however was extremely fast and I liked the free cleaning cloth that was included.
Definitely does a good job of covering, and I didn't even realize I had them on. Taking them off was another story. Although I pulled slowly, the adhesive on one of them actually pulled my skin off with it - much worse than pulling off a bandage. Five weeks later, I still have a scar.
wasnt very happy. I believe this is a misses size - not adult size. Ordered adult large and barely fit my 13 yr old.  The "adult large" was written in marker on the plastic wrap  - but did not say adult on tag. The shipping to return it was too much to be worthwhile and put a damper on a birthday gift for a friend - who has given it to her size 2 daughter to wear.  It did however come in a timely fashion.
I gave this as a Christmas gift to my Mother. The funnel was missing and the tweezers were not where they should have been for a "new" purchase. For the price I am very disappointed.
We used this product no more than 30 times before it broke....first the red ready light went out, then it stopped working all together....after emailing the jewel jet company, I was told that I would have to buy a new one...NOT, I will give another company a try...other than that it cleans good...
The user instructions provided with the Jewel Jet Steamer caution against steam cleaning most gemstones except rubies and diamonds.  After some online research I learned that steam cleaning is not recommended for tanzanite, emerald, topaz, etc. You can read more about this at [...]  Although the Jewel Jet cleans most diamond and ruby jewelry, you will need use the "soapy water and soft brush" method for everything else.  If I had known that steam cleaning was so limited, I would not have purchased the unit.  That's probably why there is no warning about steam cleaning jewelry in the product write-up.  I should have done my research before ordering.
Although the gold colour was rich and appealing, the size of the charm was way too small for my purposes. So, I returned it for a refund.
I have a very large foot.  I purchased one size larger than my normal shoe.  Instead the slipper I received was more like two sizes smaller.  If you know the correct size I will admit that the shoe is well made and if it fits it should wear well.I was very disappointed.  I will simply give the shoes to a relative with smaller feet.
Feel nice, long, don't stay up! Needed for high school uniform. So we won't purchase again. Disappointed in this purchase, unfortunately no way to test drive socks.
Ibought these socks for the purported thermal heating qualities. I was still cold. Just a regular average socks, easy to wash and dry so great for travelling, nothing more.
I saw so many good reviews and I expected much more. I bought two packs and of the twelve socks, one had a hole in them when they were shipped. I didn't worry about it and just used the others. The socks have been through the wash approximately 5-7 times. Of the remaining eleven socks, I noticed that two of them had the elastic strings coming through and one has a hole.I gave them two stars because they are not holding up, but, they are comfortable. A lot of my family members swear by gold toe socks, but, when I tried them, I expected them to last much longer than this.
Even brand new, these will not stay up. Tried them a few times + washing/drying and they did not improve. Threw them out and bought &#34;PowerSox Men's Coolmax Crew 3 Pack&#34; - much better.
my husband didn't like these at all, he said they came up a little too high on the calf like "old man socks".  He wears a size 11 shoe & is almost 6 feet tall.  I will have to search for a lower cut black dress sock.
My husband has worn this brand/style for several years.  However, the last time I purchased them the socks did not hold up well at all.  They faded, shrunk and started falling apart within a month.  The heels also wore out quickly.  I will not purchase again.
I'm a size 8 shoe. This sock is sized for a size 10 or higher. Can't speak to whether or not the toes don't blow out as easily as other socks. Will update in a few months.
These are much thinner than previous ones I purchased and they barely make it over the calf. My exact previous pair are much thicker.
After the first time I wore one pair, the elastic way coming out of the top. Four more words here.
I have loved gold toe socks for years and my 99% cotton gt's are only starting to develop holes after a few years of heavy use.  I was quite happy with those and they were so comfortable!  But I couldn't find any good 100% cotton replacements (please respond to this message with any suggestions!).  Although these are 60% cotton, this blend is really scratchy and hotter than my previous all cotton pairs.  They also pick up lint in the laundry like they were designed to do it.  They fit fine and I'm betting they will last as long or longer than all cotton socks, but at too high a cost.  Overall very unsatisfied with these socks!
I've been buying Gold Toe socks for years and finally had some that needed to replaced. I bought a package of these and am disappointed. They don't feel like they used to, they aren't as comfortable and they look to be of lesser quality. I can definitely tell the difference between these new ones and the old ones I still have around. I went to a local store to make sure it wasn't just these and the ones they have appear to be the same. They still fit well which is why they didn't get 1 star, but they're definitely not top notch nor worth the price. I'm now looking for a new brand, a bit sad about that.
The picture made the socks look much thicker than what I received. They are nylon material and are extremely thin.
So these are my second pair of gold-toe dress socks.  The first pair I purchased were the "over the calf" variety.  They are nice and tight and stay up all day long, but I am 5'10" and they are pretty long up and way over the calf.  Seriously, could probably pull them half way over my knees, so they bunch just a little bit behind my knee.  So I decided, lets try another pair but mid-calf this time.  These are a slightly different material, but they don't stay up nearly as well.  Maybe it is just the "Canterbury" style and fabric but I would not purchase these again.  They are not quite as tight as my other pair.  I have medium sized calves so take that with a grain of salt.
Amazon leads customers to believe that this average sock is special priced at 3 for $18 -- they list the value as $18 to $72.Yet Gold Toe puts a list price for this 3-pack at $18.  These are the same socks sold $7 to $9 at TJ Maxx and etc.  Not a bad sock, but a bit expensive.
I bought a dozen black dress socks made in china and after 5 washes a hole appears in seam. Feel and fit are as expected.I am long time customer who bought GoldToe socks exclusively a dozen at a time. Why they are destroying their brand with inferior quality products made in china or without proper quality controls? I never had a issue paying a premium price for what WAS a premium product. Quality does matter.
These socks fall down, whereas the longer version I've bought elsewhere seemed to have more elastic.  Were cotton rather than wool.
I purchased this watch less than six months ago and it has already died! I find that the wrist band collects dirt easily and the crystal scatched easily. The styling is very nice and it is of medium weight. I would not buy it unless it came with a saphire crystal and an extended service warranty.
The lining material is flimsy. The pockets are divided from the main compartment by this material and after two months of use all the pocket dividers are ripped through. I have hardly put this bag through heavy use, only for weekend trips where I pop it into the back of my car, carry it from the car to the house. No air travel at all. Which really means it wouldn't survive a plane trip, so don't buy it.
Got it for my wife.  She's stopped using it because it tastes like plastic.  Yuk.
These boots were the most uncomfortable I have ever tried. I bought a pair for myself and for my child.  I was fortunate that the vendor was out of the Itasca Tahoe for my child and offered a replacement boot that turned out to be superb.  So do judge this vendor by this specific boot, rather decide if you want a pair of boots that make you lean forward as if you are on skis.
i bought 4 different clip on styles from one seller.  All were shipped promptly but each one is of very poor quality and they all hurt your head to the point of not being able to wear them at all.  I do not recommend these hats.
I'm quite disappointed.  I don't know what I was expecting...something with a little more "oomph," perhaps?  These are like control-top pantyhose with the legs cut off.  They truly don't hold in a thing.  They're also very hard to pull up since they're high-waisted; mine are so high-waisted that they come up past the bottom of my bra, and not being double-jointed, it's hard to pull it up to the middle of my back!  You need to get it smooth across your back or you'll have this horrid-looking roll that spoils the whole concept of a smooth line.  Trust me, you're better off buying a pair of control-tops - they're a heck of a lot cheaper.  These are apparently for thin women without an ounce of flab (I am neither)who just want a smooth silhouette.
I needed gloves to go skiing. I found these. These were junk. The literally fell apart after 2 weekends of skiing. I would not recommend this product unless it is for light, occasional use.
Screw was missing. Our truck did not have a good location to screw this item to secure. Item was returned.
First of all, the inserts are tiny (both in length and width). While its a great idea to have a buddy pad in the platform of your pointe shoe, unfortunately, these inserts don't work that way. The adhesive used to apply the inserts to the shoe is very weak and wears off after one class, leaving you with a thin cushion slipping around your shoe. Also, they quickly lose their form and become misshapen. If you're looking for a less padded insert than the standard gel kind, I recommend just buying the thin cloth toe pouches rather than wasting your money on a product that will last one class.
After a few uses the side zippers broke and it's been hard to fix or replace the zipper.  Didn't get alot of use out of it.
The booties are great with this set, the hat on the other hand doesn't come close to fitting our nearly 9 lb little boy.
The stitching is connected on the I &#60;3 Mommy and looks very cheaply done.  I am debating returning it, but not sure if it is worth the hassel for $6.  If I find the energy I will.  Cute, but I wouldn't recommend it.
Too small for my baby.
I didn't really like this set because for one the hat age is 0-6 months but I feel it's way smaller than that. Maybe like a size 0-3 months tops, or maybe my son just has a big head but honestly it barely fit my son by 4 months. Also the booties are shaped so weird, they're basically shaped like a circle instead of being shaped like a foot. For these reasons I didn't like it and only wore it on my son once
I ordered what I thought were 100 percent cotton handkerchiefs.  These are NOT--and I'm returning them to the manufacturer!
it seems like it's not the right size, and it's very delicate..i hope it doesn't break when my sister in law uses it, if it does, i will be letting you know.
I ordered the 18" chain at first the picture made the chain look longer then what it looked like then when i received it it's really small i can't even wear it. Returning it would be a waste of money. Oh well it's nice looking but ain't worth the price
This is not a sterling silver chain!!! I can only wear real sterling or gold everything else gives me a really bad rash.The only thing I can give it is it's pretty.To bad it's not as advertised.
Unfortunately, I travel a lot and I originate from an isolated country which means that I will have stop-over in different timezones. I don't care for fancy watches, I need something basic that allows me to instantly know the time when I reach a stop-over or destination. Given that sometimes my flights last for 30 hours with 4 timezone, the exhaustion of it makes me lose track of day.Firstly, as far as I am concerned there's only one source of time and that is UTC (or GMT)... All the other times are UTC adjusted for TZ and DST. This is how the clock in Microsoft Windows works and I think it's very logical and efficient.Today I bought DB-E30D and regretted the decision when I read the manual- it states three basic items that make this watch incompatible with this way of thinking: (1) "The time settings of Timekeeper mode and World Time mode are independent from each other, so you must make separate settings for each." (2) it's only possible to copy the time from the Timekeeper mode to World Time mode but not visa versa; (3) DST setting in World Time mode affects every time setting in every timezone. To me, these are design faults.The other design faults are: (4) there's no TZ or DST associated with alarms; (5) there's no day or date associated with a displayed timezone in World Time mode.Just to clarify, Timekeeper mode is your current time, day and date - this is what you normally see when you look at your watch. World Time mode is where you can see the time for a 25 different timezones.The ramifications of (1) I have to deal with two time settings instead of one, even though I'm haven't left Earth; (2) I cannot instantly set my main display to a time that is already seen in World Time mode - just as with normal 20 year old watch, I have to change the time manually; (3) DSTs stop/start at differnt times, so, this is just stupid; (4) I cannot instantly set appointment alarm for my destination (5) I cannot instantly determine the day at my destination.
The watch isn't bad, but I don't use all the functions.  I just like having a watch without a battery.  The face is a nice shape and easy to read.  But the night light is too dim and the band is way too short.  I am an elderly man, not that heavy, and I can only get the band to the second notch.  Not enough band left to put through the retaining loop.  I will probably get another watch to replace this.
My friend bought these for my twins and sent 'infant large' expecting them to be a cute keepsake and comparable to hanging furry dice. My twins just turned two, wear a size 7-8 and now just fit these 'infant' booties. Unbelievable! You expect some brands to run small or large but 7 sizes not cool. Regardless I give them 2 stars for their cuteness and my toddlers are using them as slippers.
I previously purchased a pair the the Docker s Alpha Khakis in a dark grey color. First I was surprised they actually had a 34x29. Plus, they fit great! Perfect length and tailored fit. Love them. SO, I purchased another pair in 'Dark Pebble'. This fit completely different! Baggy and long. This is the last time I buy pants online. I think...
I ordered a 38 waist and 32 inseam in the Dockers Alpha camo pant. The inseam was 31 and the waist was 36 to 37. The tag was as ordered but the sizing was off. I have encountered wrong tag sizing on occasion before wit Dockers so beware. Their out of country manufacturing company where ever it is has poor quality workmanship.
The fabric is thick and harsh. This is not a soft jean. The fit is ultra slim so stay away unless you have stick legs
its too tight from the waistim wearing  34 but this looks like 32 if its my choice i will go for bigger size
I have bought 2 pairs for my husband and he loved them! Then I decided to buy another one, exactly the same. They were $5 more expensive - which is not a big deal, but the quality was worse and the material was cheap. Will not these pants from Amazon anymore, very disappointed.
These pants are fine, but I don't wear them all that much because the legs are a bit too tight.
These dockers are really cut small.. The rise has got to be under 10 inches so beware. I take size 34 in every other company, but these are tight. The length is ok. Also the cotton is very thick and does not hang well.The leg size is great,but the sizing is not nice.
bought several orther pants in this  same size and all fit great, this pair was small. Ordered another pair and they are great. Sending the small pair to good will. Someone can fit them. Pass it on.
I have strong quads and when getting a 30x30 the quads are like yoga pants tight... not a good look.  To get the thighs to fit, I have to go to a 32x30, but that's just too much material for my waist.  Will work if you have average or skinny legs, but if you squat heavy or have thick thighs, these aren't for you.  Check out Gap's professional khaki line for a better fit.
Thinking seriously of sending this item back. We bought one of these for my husband 2 years ago,from another vendor, and it arrived in good shape, with a clear, easy to remove protective plastic covering, over the clip. The wallet we got from this vendor had no cover on the metal clip, and frankly, it looked used; very scratched up. Also the edges of the wallet are curled a bit, and looks like it may have been an item that was used, then returned, and they resold it to us?Not going to unwrap it now, but as soon as my husband opens it on Christmas, it's going to be returned. Very disappointing.
first of all looks kinda cheap. and the metal clip is very sticky from the back, glue behind it. and it looks a little awkward.
I have used this wallet (not the same one) since 2011 and I really like the design, however its manufacturing quality is sub standard. I have purchased the same wallet no less than 4 times; the second purchase I thought it was my use of the wallet that may have caused it to fall apart. The third I consciously tried to be careful and it still fell apart. This final one I bought Jan 2014, fell apart in the first month.Every single one loses the rubber under the money clip within a month or two. In about 4-5 months, the plastic has holes along the edges and the pockets begin to tear and, and in about 6-8 months the clip itself goes away. This latest wallet, the clip actually came off in the first month.PROS:- Well designed with respect to function and usability-ID window makes it easy to see cards and remove themCONS:- Not built to last a long time- Glue for the rubberized portion of money clip is cheap; does not handle body heat well and will come off- ID window plastic tears at edges easily- Pocket seams do not handle standard usage for very long (in my mind, at least a couple years)
Size is great, but the money clip is flimsy. Don't trust it to be secure enough to hold bills.
It looks good, but the metal clip does not hold bills, which is an important feature in a money clip!
Great idea and my husband wanted a money clip to reduce the bulk of a wallet, but the clip isn't tight enough unless you are carrying tons of cash.
The wallet literally starting falling a part the first day I put it in my pocket.  The strip under the metal clasp came off and the leather around the clasp insert started to separate from each side.  I gave it two stars instead of one only because the wallet does have a nice look and feel to it but wherever they used glue, it's pulls a part immediately.  Don't see this lasting too long.  Glad I kept my old money clip.  Looks like I'm going to need it again soon.
Great suit and came just in time for Christmas for family out of the country but didn't come with helmet as labeled.
The suit we received looked very good and our son is excited to wear it for Halloween.  Unfortunately, the helmet was missing.
I own two other DKNY "Soho" jeans but it seems to me that the color "Vintage Blast" runs a little bigger. I'm a size 12 and these jeans fit like a 14. I recommend this for those who like a little bit of room in their jeans. Good luck!
I bought this camisole to replace the thread bare ones that I've been clinging to for longer than I'd care to admit. When I received it, it looked exactly like my thread bare camis because it was so thin it was see through. To top it off, there's an elastic band around the bottom that causes it to ride up all day long. It's a waste of money. I'm better off wearing my old grungy shirts.
$30 for a few strands of silver? Who knows if it even does anything? After paying $150 - $200 for the humidifier they suck another $30 from you every 6 months! Why not just stick an old piece of silver jewelry in the tank (but be sure to clean it every 6 months)?
I guess this is one of those things your supposed to use in your Humidifier that you really do not know if it really does anything!  For the price of this little do-dad,  I would surely hope it does do something. I wish they would come up with something else that would combat the water calcium build-up in these humidifiers.  The calcium build-up is the worst thing about Humidifiers.
I was a little disappointed in the quality of the fabric.  Rather thin to say the least.
We bought this locket for my daughter, and had it personalized with her initials on one side, and the year on the other.  This is such a small locket, that it will be very hard to put a picture in it.  Also, the locket is very, very hard to open.  The top of the heart wasn't closed all the way, so the locket kept falling off the chain, we had to have it fixed.  Now it stays together, my daughter loves it and wears it every day, but I would have bought a different locket if I had realized how small this is, and that we would have to do some repairs on it before it could be worn.
My 5-year-old daughter was thrilled with her locket. It is really beautiful. We were both quite disappointed, however, when the locket itself broke...the loop that attaches to the bail completely came off. She is a normal kid, but was not overly rough with the necklace. It is currently at the jeweler's to be fixed.
These are NOT 1k ct. in size.  I just received another pair as a gift, that are 1 ct. They're just as vibrant as these and the setting is nicer than these ones, too.
I had a hard time with this item. It came out all the time and no matter how hard I tried, I could not get it to stay in place. I wouldn't recommend it unless you decide to sew it in.
If you take a size 8 get a 6 MINIMUM...they run BIGNot my "cup of tea"-
I love the Seiko, no one can say anything about the brand. BUT I was so disappointed with the watch,  in reallity it is so different than when you open the box and see it. The leather is so red while in the picture it shows like it is broneshthe watch is very very small compared to how it looks in the picture. to make it easy for you to judge it is way smaller than the Anne Klein watches compared to  Invicta it is so tiney. The strap is very short and hardly fit some one with size 2 maybe.
Beautiful face on the watch and I loved the gold with the cream face, however, the strap was too small and I don't have big wrists.  I know companies do that intentionally so you'll also have to buy a new strap, but I wasn't willing to do that.
But I almost had to break it in order to do so. Hopefully it's still water-resistant and won't shock me while I'm in the shower. Kinda ridiculous though!
After all the hype on tv shows about this cami and other products that help prevent the fat from hanging out too far, I am very DISAPPOINTED. I purchased the L and can only guess that I have too much to control!  It also does not offer much support and in the heat, it's too much to wear between a bra and a blouse .
While this item is comfortable, it is in no way body shaping! First of all it's too short so if you are looking for some tummy control look somewhere else! You could barely tuck this into your pants and if you do it will just come out if you sit or move too much. The fabric is the same as a bathing suit but without the tightness or thickness, it is very thin. I'm 135lbs but after 3 children (3 c-sections) I was looking for some tummy control without having to wear a giant pair of panties that go half way up your body and then roll down while you are wearing them (not to mention having big panty lines!)If you are looking at this as a support bra, forget it, the fabric is too thin and flexible to lift or support anything.In my opinion if you have a great body, much like the models and want a comfortable tank to wear under clothes  or around the house and don't mind your tummy hanging out, then this is for you.  People will think you are wearing a bathing suit top though (with no bra liner).
Ok and somewhat comfortable but they ride up and because of this you can see pantylines.
don't like the thigh part is not long enough and it rolls unless you don't pull it all the way up then it gaps between the leg.
The product arrived as described.  The major problem is that one of the zippers broke after my wife had it for about two weeks.  I think that the product should have made using better components. The bag is very pretty and useful, but I was very disappointed that the zipper broke so soon.  The zipper can be replaced fairly easilty, but it should have lasted longer than two weeks.
The nose ring is very tiny. It's so tiny it slides right through my nose. I thought it was much bigger, at least that's how it looked on here. I hate it.
Initially this is a very comfortable shoe and looks great on your foot, however the soft leather does not wear well and stretches out.
Lovely shoe, but runs small and narrow.  Sent back.  Going to try and order one size up.  Hope that works!
Does not fit like a Vaneli shoe.  Heel cut too high.  Not comfortable.  Sending back.  It seems like a cheap version of Vaneli.
If you have a very narrow feet, this may fit on you, otherwise, it will be too narrow.  The quality of the shoes is good.
I have worn Vaneli for years and love them but this shoe design looks great but the size I always order did not fit at all with this shoe - way too tight all around so I had to send them back unfortunately - very disappointing.
I heeded the advice of other buyers and ordered the slippers larger and wider, so the fit was fine. I have had them for about 4 months. The lining started deteriorating about a month ago. It is shot now. How can Daniel Green put their brand on such a shoddy product???
Daniel Green slippers, like everything else, are now made in China.  They are no longer all leather inside and out.  That is what made them so fabulous!  I was so disappointed with the man made materials on the inside, and returned them.
This was a disappointing purchase. The detail of shape,the fit, and construction are not as well done as they were years ago.They don't seem to be a slipper that will wear well.
My wife knows her shoe size.  We ordered according to her shoe size and the slippers were too small.  The item was fine otherwise. We had to return them.  The vendor should know his product and warn people that the sizes run small so that we could avoid the error and pay for shipping that was unnecessary.
I had to return the for the wide size. I typically do not wear wide. The wide side arrived and they fit fine.
I ordered a 6.5W and it was still too narrow. I have ordered this slipper direct from Daniel Green and the regular 6.5 was narrow.  But the wide was no different than my old pair that wasn't a wide.  I tried to simply exchange it but was not allowed.  They took returns only.  When I tried to reorder, the discounted price had increased by $15.  DO NOT ORDER FROM THESE FOLKS!!!
I was wanting a pair of house shoes with some support. I thought these would work.The insole has two different fabrics, which feels really weird on my bare feet.  I hate how one of the fabrics stick to the soles of my feet.The only way I can wear these is with socks - thin socks.I am very disappointed with  these shoes.
I bought the widest Daniel Green slippers available and they are still too narrow.  Doesn't the manufacturer realize that many women have wider feet?
I would not recommend this product; size not good, leather not suppleI was surprised since my first pair of these shoes years ago were awesome
Look and feel cheaply made. The fabric, at first super snug, almost too narrow to fit, expands within a day of wearing.They look cheap but are fairly comfy. I like the slight heel.
it's not what it used to be, ...very poor quality, no leather insole, just the heal piece made of the leather. I returned them.
Just received these shoes today. I've had a pair before. They are beautiful shoes.Unfortunately, Amazon sold these as new, but I received a used pair. There is wear on the heal and toe of the sole, and the leather has some small stains, from a liquid, maybe someone's drink dripped  onto the shoe.It appears the shoes have had about a month of wear. So, the price is good and I'm keeping them because they would probably look just the same after I'd worn them a month.But the rating is two stars because Amazon is shipping used shoes and advertising them as new. Buyer Beware! Caveat Emptor!
Can only give this hat a three star rating because it is not reversible as shown when I ordered it. Also, should have ordered a x-small, the small ordered seems to fit like a medium sized hat. J. Brown
I regret this purchase because the hat's brim was not cut or shaped well in its construction.  I won't return it; I may take it apart to see where the problem lies and correct it since I'm pretty good in sewing.
I too hoped this product would rein in my tummy, but alas, all it did was smoothen my existing pooch. Not helping. Also panty lines in the back.
Even though I'm 5'2 and 110 lbs: having 2 kids, making poor eating choices and being in my 30's has made my body start morphing into something that I don't recognize anymore.Buttoning and zipping my pants has become impossible-and requires a lot of squeezing, grunting, and Hulk arm strength to accomplish. All because of the evil, very stubborn, pool of fat that's gradually accumulated in my stomach... No where else, JUST my stomach...After some research I figured this body briefer would be the answer to all my prayers.Sadly, this has done NOTHING to reign in my spare tire.I will say that it's very comfortable though and very well made.  But, this particular model is more geared for someone who doesn't have any extra fat deposits in their middle.  In which case, they should save their money and count their lucky stars that their bodies don't require any extra help to look good.Quite simply, this is nothing more than a leotard.
These are very pretty earrings, but the box chain is so thin and smooth that the earrings won't stay in place. They were literally sliding back out of my ear lobes the moment I put them in.  I bought these to wear at my wedding and they'd be perfect except for this major flaw.  I'm going to buy some of those little rubber earring stoppers and give them a trial run that way, but sadly, I wouldn't recommend them based on this design flaw.  The manufacturer must be aware that their design doesn't work.  Why they wouldn't add a length of chain in the center that would hold well or at least ship these with rubber earring stoppers is beyond me.
After looking for a mens short for my Hot Yoga practices, I stumbled upon these guys.  I'm wary of buying anything online as I like to try things on first before I commit.  After seeing all the positive reviews, I thought that this would be a great short.I first bought the Medium and returned those (after paying separate shipping to send them back) for a small.  Reviews said they ran small in the first place, which is why I went up a size (I'm a 30 waist).After receiving the Small, the shorts still fit funny.  The extra padding likes to ride up my backside and create a strange sag at the bottom.  A perma-wedgie and extra fabric sag don't allow me to concentrate on my practice.  I do have a backside that should fill these out quite alright, but something is just off about them.  They are a great length and the fabric is great for Hot Yoga, but the fit bothers me (I would have given it one star, but the length and fabric bump it up).I did email the company to mention that it just didn't make sense for me at this point to send them back for a refund, as I've already paid 1/2 of what the shorts cost in shipping - but was still unsatisfied.  72k appreciated my response, but did not offer anything in return.  I guess I wasn't expecting much to begin with, but with that said, I won't be purchasing anything else from them in the future.
For the first few weeks I really liked these shorts but after using for 20 sessions the material really stretched and has now become baggy.  The design is good, hopefully they can replace their fabric with a higher grade material.
This shirt is okay but I found it way too baggy, even in a small size.
This travel laundry kit has been around for ages. I got one when I first traveled abroad a decade ago, and it turned out to be something of a nightmare. While seductive with its packets of Woolite, sink stopper, and clothesline, you'll quickly notice that the suction cups on the clothesline rarely stick to a surface and cannot support the considerable weight of wet hanging laundry.I'd recommend instead purchasing such elements separately. TheFlexolinelaundry line has long been preferred by people traveling light, and it's strong and stretchable enough for anything. Woolite packs can be bought on their own at greater number for less cost. The sink stopper, being a simple slab of rubber, can be had for pennies in a store near you. Avoid this kit.
The woolite was only part of this product that I was happy with. I purchased this package for my trip to Spain. Everyone kept telling me that they do not have laundry service or soaps available at the hotels. This information was incorrect, every hotel I stayed at provided everything I needed. Anyway, the sink stopper would not plug any of the drains I used it on. And they were standard type drains. I think the stopper was too flimsy so it kept falling into the drain hole. The laundry line was a complete failure. It kept stretching and streching out so that it never became taught so tha I could hang something on it. I couldn't figure out how to get it to stay taught so that the one peice of clothing I put on it was not dragging it down to the floor and pulling the suction cups off the wall. I have used these types of clothing lines before. I ended up just using the shower rod which of course I got water all over the floor from my dripping clothes. I will not purchase this item again. I will only order the woolite packets separately.
I didn't expect much from these as I only ordered them to complete a Tank Girl costume. They served their purpose for that night but I found no further use for them after that. They were too wide and the clasp is not sturdy at all. I would purchase a better pair of suspenders if you want functionality. As a costume prop, they work well.
Not what I thought I was ordering, but not worth the trouble to return.  I thought they had two clips in the front and two clips in the back, and they do have two clips in the front, but only one clip in the back.
Personally, I like and use the wallet but I feel it is WAY too large to be called a front pocket wallet. The money clip holds tight but isn't annoyingly so causing struggles with removing money. Internal pockets are snug to hold cards, etc. It is a good product but just falsely advertised as small enough to be carried in your front pocket.
I did not like the way the money clip worked on this wallet. Not what I was expecting I guess.
I was looking for a replacement for a well-worn coin pouch of this same general design. From the images on Amazon this looked like the closest match, so I ordered one. This North Star pouch functions as expected, though the tightness of the closure springs requires a good squeeze to get the pouch open, and it snaps closed with an audible &#34;thunk&#34;. These traits I find acceptable, as nothing is going to fall out by accident! However, the glaring fault of this design is the exposed hinges at either end of the opening. My previous pouch had a leather flap or cover over the hinge. The North Star design has nothing over the sharp edges of either hinge, so there is a good change that the pouch will snag on the pocket lining and/or actually cut through the pocket. The lack of a protective cover might be OK if the edges of the hinges were rounded, but as it stands loose change in the pocket will do less damage than this pouch! Back to shopping for a new pouch!
The pouch is very cheaply made (hence the price) and started to fall apart on the first day. The pouch's stitching started to come apart from the part you squeeze and the covering on the metal is just glued on so it starts to peel off.Also, it has a key ring inside of it.
Much poorer quality than I expected.  It will work but I am afraid it will wear out quickly.  Still you get what you pay for and this item was not expensive.
Leather smells of mildew; hardware sub-standard. You get what you pay for. Size is good, deeper pouch. I'm accustomed to Buxton quality.
Leather tab at spring loose. Does not appear to have ever been secured. If left as is would probably tear at this point when sliding into pocket. I'll try to repair it myself.
This coin pouch has a nice look and design.However, because the leather is thin, you can feel the coinsif you have the pouch in a back pocket and are sitting down.Ok for a purse or front pocket.
Some reviewers have commented that this purse is hard to open, but it isn't if you slip your finger into the opening before squeezing.This is a nice little purse which I like for keys but not for coins.  For coins I prefer a spiral squeeze purse, but the spiral squeeze purse I bought recently on Amazon was of such a poor quality that I asked for a refund--and got it.Review Revision 4/6/2013:  After a few months of use the metal closure broke and I discarded the purse.
The service was good, but I was not happy that it was necessary.  Barely three weeks after the arrival of the coin pouch, one of the hinges BROKE. The company responded well to my e-mail, and sent a replacement - which just arrived. IT REMAINS TO BE SEEN IF THIS IS A SATISFACTORY OUTCOME..
The leather on this coin purse is nice and it's a perfect size - my problem with it is that the hinges that you squeeze on the edges are exposed and rather sharp.  I ended up punching a hole in it and attaching a keyring, which worked fine.  I tried squeezing the hinges with a pair of pliers to round the edges and ended up breaking the hinge (my problem, not the product's) This product would easily get 4 stars if there was a small strip of leather covering the hinges and 5 stars if it had covered hinges and a keyring attachment.
It looked like a good idea, but it broke soon after using it.  There is a real need for a place for men to put their change!
Not what I expected  Quality was not what I thought it would be for the price.Would not purchase one of these again.
Functionally it works as described, but the material seemed very cheap, but I guess you get what you pay for.  That would be fine, but the material really smelled.  I tried to wash it, but the smell stuck around on the material so I have a distrust of using it with my hands.
The coin pouch I received does not have the key ring as pictured ! ! ? ? Was disappointing to receive what was not in the picture.
I love the way this model looks, but......The battery life is atrocious!I have had to change batteries 3 times in 14 months!!Also, it takes an advanced degree to set the time.Without these flaws, it would be a 5 star watch and rating.The frustration level has driven me to look for a replacement.
This is not at all what was expected.  This does not pop up in seconds like the description says.  It is not the twist technology like all my other play hut items.  It sets up with rods like a childs tent.  Not impressed.
The color is exactly as pictured.  However, for us, one size was too small, so I ordered the next larger size and instead of being wider around the band, it was taller and stuck off the top of my baby's head too far.  And it doesn't cover ears, so I ended up just returning both sizes.  Cute otherwise.
I really like Zutano's cotton items but not a big fan of this fleece hat. I thought it would be softer and it also fits more like a stretched out elastic.
This hat is very cute but I bought a 12 month hat for my 4 month old and it is too tight, the seams leave marks on his forehead. He is big for his age, but not that big. I washed it before he wore it for the first time so I don't think an exchange is possible. Maybe I will buy a bigger size because I have the matching booties which fit well and are just darling.
I purchased this hat based on all the good reviews that it had previously received; but I have to say that when it arrived I was very disappointed. The hat itself is very cute, but I was not thrilled with the quality. To me, I thought that the fabic it was made of felt very cheap. It was returned.
It's 80% cotton and 20% polyester. Looks a lot warmer in the picture, but it's not very warm at all!
This wallet looks fine in picture but, actually the width of the wallet is wider. its look like you are carry a small note book. My friend did also ordered it and had same problem.I would recommend international buyers to not to buy since returning the wallet will cost you more and you will end up saving up to $3 to $4, which is useless.
MY WALLET STARTED COMING APART AFTER 2 WEEKS, BUT THE SELLER BENT OVER BACKWARDS TO MAKE IT RIGHT. I RATE THE SELLER 5 STARS.
I tried to purchase this for a loved one in law enforcement and found the leather to be of high quality however the badge portion is flimsy and not worth the time.  I would not purchase this product again.
I hadn't worn these jeans until just last week but when I put them on, the stitching in the right pocket was messed up.  I figured it was too late to return these for another pair where it wasn't messed up so I have washed them.  If I am still able to return them for an exchange, please advise.
I bought two pairs of stretch jeans, exact same style and size.  One pair is definitely stretch and fits tighter than the other pair.  I am not sure why both pairs are not the same since I ordered the same pairs of jeans.  Perhaps the tags were wrong.  At any rate, both pair fit, but I have to wear a belt because they gap in the back.  That's the only draw back.  They wash up well and do not shrink.
Lee Jeans has always been my favorite jeans and I would buy nothing but Lee's. But as with everything it is about cutting cost and by doing so it has made a bad judgement call.  Lee Jeans has changed it's material to a lesser quality jean fabric resulting in the material just suddenly spilting open or just fraying on the seams.  In the last 4 months I have gone thru 3 pairs of jeans.  They did away with the french seam on the inside of the leg wrong choicethat is the one area on women that wears out first. The french seams makes for a stronger and longer lasting seam. But because the material is so thin any real stress and the material splits in a way that cannot be repaired other than an iron on patch.Needless to say that they have lost me as a customer and will now go back to wranglers. I live in my jeans and it is important that they hold up. Farewell Lee Jeans it has been great up unitl now.Lee Women's Relaxed Fit Jean
Even though the company tried to describe the fit of these jeans, they fell short of the mark.  The jeans didn't even come close to fitting me.  Not only were they too big, the shape was totally different from what I thought from the decription.  I am short 4' 10", but not a plus size.  I did not understand they were for a plus size woman.
My grandson was so excited to get this.  We unpacked it and read the directions.  My husband checked out the mechanics and checked the button to hear the talking from space control and that worked.  Then he checked the button which controls the visor to go up and down.  It went up but not down now its stuck.  He opened the battery compartment and moved the batteries around but still nothing.....we are very disappointed.  We will try to get new batteries.  We can't return because my 5 yr old grandson, in his excitement to receive, smashed the empty box up.  I wouldn't recommend this item.
Got these for my kids Halloween costume. They definitely look cool and my kids were really excited. However, they don't fit well and my kids really didn't end up wearing them. They are so look on their heads, basically just sit on their shoulders, and they are expensive. I don't think they were worth the money. The do look good in the Halloween pictures but no real play value because the kids don't like to wear them.
This helmet is durable, but is too heavy and large for a child to enjoy.  I would think that most children put it in their room on display...since they must enjoy space related items.  Don't purchase this helmet if your child wants to run around and pretend to be an astronaut.......
My son likes the idea of having an astronaut helmet, but it is so poorly made and low tech that it does not come close to warranting the high price.  The face shield broke on the first use.  It's a very poor value.
I bought this for my 5 year old son and it was way too big for him. In fact, it was a little big on me. I was expecting more out of the helmet and was disappointed that the noise it did make was muffled and hard to hear. I would not recommend this for children.
This helmet is huge. You could have a head as big as Andre the Giant and still fit into this helmet. It makes my son (5.5 yrs, normal size) look like a bobble head. It is so big and clunky that he takes if off after half a minute. He does not play with it at all. We bought it for a Halloween costume (with the white astronaut suit) and the suit is really cute and realistic, but this helmet is definitely not. You can't even hear the sounds unless you are wearing the helmet, so the blastoff can only be enjoyed by the wearer. And that is the only sound, just a countdown and blastoff. No mission control stuff and anything else. Plus the flipping visor comes off a lot. My son has a great imagination and had more fun with a helmet we made from a box (before we bought the helmet) than he did with this helmet. Wish I hadn't bought it, but could not return it after I had opened it.
It is not worth the money... Sound is muffled through a cheap speaker. The visor is cheap and falls off easy. Wouldnt buy it again.... Diffently cheap! Not worth it!
My son has really been wanting this, and he says he's OK with it, but it's been sitting on the shelf since he got it. The mike broke off when he tried to rotate it. It's on a thing that looks like it should rotate, but it doesn't, so now there's no mike.The whole thing is big, clumsy and just not designed with kids in mind.
The 3 year old who recieved this gift absolutely loved it but it was enormous!  It comfortably fit my husband's head!  We were prepared to deal with that by adding weather stripping as indicated in the box.  But, the visor broke 30 minutes after he (the 3 year old) began wearing it - and he was not being particualrly rough with it either.  If you're going to market something for children, it should fit a child and be sturdy enough to last more than 30 minutes.  It's such a great idea and compliment to the astronaut suit, and he did go crazy over it, but for the price, I am dissapointed in the quality of the construction.
Please listen to the multiple reviews. This item is way too big for kids. It is sized for teenagers and adults. Cheap poor quality. If my son didn't see me open it I would return it, but he saw it and wants to try and play with it. Like other reviewer stated it makes your kid a bobble head. Don't waste money on it.
The elastic waist makes the jeans fit nicely and they look wonderful; however, I have only worn them three times and the waistband and zipper area are falling apart.  As I went to unzip them, the zipper was stuck and I noticed some threads caught in the zipper.  When I examined the area, I saw that not only were there loose threads/shredding in the zipper area, but the material around the button is literally shredding and falling apart and I will have to mend it so that the button at the waist doesn't fall off.  I'm surprised because I thought Lee made high quality jeans that would last a long time.
We had been using a lightly scented wipe solution when I decided to try this "potion". It is very strongly scented, which some parents enjoy because of the masking effect on the diaper pail stink. Unfortunately, it seemed to disrupt my daughter's normal skin chemistry and within one day of using it her bum started to stink! After a few days I stopped using it and her bottom stopped stinking. I wonder if the strong "disinfectant" strength essential oils are a bit much for use on skin. I would say if you want your diaper pail to smell better use something in the diaper pail, not on your baby's skin.
Pockets on the outside are basically useless as your cards will fall loose. Seems like too much money for a basic wallet, would not recommend.
We are actually returning this wallet. It is really flimsy and really wide. The money clip clip doesn't seem very stronf either
The cash clip wallet holds a good number of credit cards and other inportant information.  However, the metal clip that is to hold your cash in place will not stay clamped down.  It pops up and the cash bills are just loose.  It is too risky to try using it.  It may work fine if you have very few credit cards to carry but that is not the case with me.  I have personal and business credit cards, insurance cards, AAA card, etc.  The wallet just cannot handle that much.  I was disappointed in the product.  If it is going to have all these slots for cards, it ought to be able to handle a full load.
A lot bigger than expected. The clip doesn't hold the money very well and it's a mess fumbling with the money trying to get it in and out of the wallet. I gave it a try for a couple weeks but never came to liking it so I gave it away and bought another style.
Its great if you don't carry cash. And I mean none, ever. I ended up getting a bellroy which has the same size and functions way better.
The straps of this tank lean towards your neck, which means your bra straps show.  Also it was really tight.  Go a size up.  I thought it also took way to long to receive at least three weeks.  So if you need it quickly choose another tank.  I really don't think I would order again.
The tank was lovely in every way--- color, material etc.  but even though it was marked medium it felt more like a small petitie.  Rather than sending it back, I gave it to my eleven year old grand daughter who was thrilled with it !
I don't understand why these companies don't put the shirt straps where the bra straps will be. It drives me nuts. The straps for the tank top lean near towards the inside, leaving nothing to cover the bra straps. Why would I want to wear this and have people see my bra straps?The bottom is also quite narrow and must be constantly pulled down. Other than that, quality seems OK.
I usually use small or medium. I ordered medium but it is just too long. I wanted to wear it with a skirt. I may go well with jeans. Quality is nice p leasant cotton but it goes below hips. I am 5' 4&#34;
This garment runs really small for an x-large.  I had ordered an x-large for the purpose of shrinkage and comfort, so I will have to go to an xx large to get a decent fit in this brand
Right this minute I am comfortably wearing a pair of size 6 Lee boot cut jeans.I ordered these in a 9 (because I am aware jrs sizes run smaller).They are so small I can't even get them on!Not even close!Just be aware of this if you decide to order these.Otherwise they are really cute.
This product didn't help me to appear smoothed and held in like I had anticipated.  It was like wearing a regular cami, giving me little or no support.  I thought maybe I needed a size smaller, but then I don't think it would give me enough coverage on top.  I plan to send it back.
I was at first happy with this purchase, but the tote didn't last six months before falling apart.  The handles pulled loose, and though the price was quite reasonable, it isn't worth the additional expense to have it repaired/mended, so it is in the donations bag.
This shirt, size medium, looks good on paper but was far too large for my medium frame. Had I known how large this shirt is, I would have ordered a small.
I wanted a line that would suction to the walls. I'm not sure if the error is mine or yours. What can I do about it.
This thing is exactly what it says it is, and does what it says it does, if you can find the right place to use it. In 2 of the 3 hotels I stayed in while I was in the Philippines, I could not find two suitable end points close enough to each other to attach it to. In the third, I was able to find several end points to attach it to, but none were strong enough to stretch it from one to the other without risking damage to the things I attached it to. (When stretched the distance needed there was upwards of 50 to 150 pounds of force on the line, which was enough to pull the endpoints out of the wall if I were to have used them. The picture of the item is a little out dated since there are also Velcro straps on the ends. Those Velcro straps help you attach the line to larger things like wide posts but often by cinching the Velcro strap around the line itself, cutting down on the available length.I ended up leaving this behind with my host family in the Philippines. (I don't know what they will do with it, because their home construction certainly isn't strong enough to attach the line either.) One of the younger girls was using it alternately as a jump rope or as a leash for her younger cousin. Ha-ha!I think that the line could be useful if it were maybe 2 or 3 times longer. You could always tie off the extra length if needed.
Good idea in theory, but it is too short to span any area much to work. They might think about selling it longer (charging more of course). You could always tie a knot in it to then adjust it. Maybe two together would work? Velcro at ends good idea. Did not work well for us.
It is a great idea, works pretty good I guess.It can be difficult to find 2 places to stretch it out, and when you do, if you don't have hangers which you probably won't if you are buying something like this for traveling.The idea is to put the clothes through the 2 different strands of rope, which will mess up your clothes, stretch them out weird. I prefer just laying them out on a rock to this.
I read the amazing reviews for this clothesline and purchased it to use on my month long European adventure.Sadly, this clothesline was terrible and didn't do anything it was supposed to do. I could hardly hang 2 small garments on it and they would fall off within 10 minutes even though I'd spend 10 minutes trying to secure the garment to the crevices in the clothesline.I just didn't find this a quality or useful product. And for more than 10 bucks....I don't think so.
I took it to Europe thinking I could wash out some clothes while traveling. Unfortunately, it was never long enough to use.
This closthes line is like a large rubber band.  If was not possible to &#34;weave&#34; any lingerie in the line itself, so I just draped the items over it.  The Velcro at the ends is very useful.
I left this outside in winter for a few days and the rubber thoroughly cracked and disintegrated leaving it unusable. For warm weather only. I expect better durability from a simple clothesline.Edit: To the response saying this is for hotel rooms indoors, I think it's quite common to hang clothes on a balcony.
I bought this thing, but I'm sorry I did. It really doesn't do anything as well as the more common and conventional horseshoe-shaped pillows, which will cradle your neck regardless of which way you lean. The Steves pillow doesn't stay on very well, and you are apparently only supposed to lean in one direction. He should be ashamed of lending his name to this thing.
I ordered the xxl and it was like a small....I will wear it under things. the only good thing about the top is the violetcolor is beautiful.
This t shirt is more than close fitting!  My expectation of a loose shirt was further compounded by the fact I went up a size so that if the shirt shrank, it still would be a comfortable fit.  Boy was I way off!  This shirt had to be given away to a teenager because I simply could not wear it.
I read all the other reviews and some said the shirt ran small, others said it was just right. So I ordered the 2XL to be safe (I generally wear an XL) and it is absurdly tight. Big girls beware!
I should have listened to the other reviews, this product is sized for preteens not women.  Their idea for a women's size XXL is the same size as an X-Small.  Will return all.  Too bad, I really like the colors.  Bummer.
I was disappointed as the size tends to run small. Plus it was more of a brown color instead of plum, the entire reason I bought it. I don't want the hassle of returning it but I probably won't wear it.
I usually wear large, but like my t shirts loose, so ordered extra large.  This is Ladies sizes, but was way too small.  They should have advertised it in preteens.  I will have to give it away, not worth to ship it back from Mexico.
I loved the color but ordered 2xl..the size would fit a 12 yr old...Should of known because the price was very little
I ordered three or these shirts in White for my grandmother. She usually wears Small but based on other reviews I ordered her size Medium.But their size medium is even smaller that the size small of other brands. So, they will be returned.Since I have not seen these shirt personally, I cannot give my opinion on ther other aspects such as quality.
Sometimes when I go to pull my baton out it sticks and its real hard to pull out, and sometimes it won't come out at all! Why is it doing that? If I had to pull it out in an emergency I think I would be dead! It's not reliable, and I will never order anything from Amazon.com again! Next time Galls or Quartermaster! P.S. I need to use soap or some other form of lubricant to make sure it comes out! THAT IS TRULY SAD! :-(
I got this for my niece for Christmas this year and I am very dissatisfied with the product itself. She is enjoying the toys which I am very happy about but for the money it cost it is very cheaply made. It doesn't recharge you have to buy batteries for it,4 per hand held. It has misled the children into believing that they can talk to anyone they wish and that is not the case. They can chat with someone that has a chat now with in a 2 mile radius. I just think that the product is very misleading to children.
I have an underprliviledged goddaughter whom I allow to get just about anything she'd like on birthdays and Christmas. At Thanksgiving she asked for a ChatNow as her Christmas present. After much difficulty locating this item and its accessories, it was a done deal and very happy with myself. This little girl had tears in her eyes as she opened the gift. I got the batteries installed a.s.a.p. We powered them up and started talking. Communication seemed clear, and they resemble actual cell phones. Both have cameras built-in and take poor pictures or maybe the display on the camera/phone is poor. The text messaging aspect worked ok after the screen contrast was turned up. But then the contrast was too high to view the poor pictures. I guess you could just keep changing the settings. The final disappointment came when she took them home. Hasbro claimed a range of 2 miles. These failed at 3 blocks in a flat semi-rural suburban setting. Her best friend lives 1/2 mile away and this was the entire reason she chose this item. She just wanted to take pictures, do some text messaging, and chat. I guess it does all these things in a quite limited nature.It has many features which explains the cost, and ok if you're playing with the kid next door.
We bought this toy for our 8 year old son for Christmas.  All his friends in the area (within 2 miles) were getting it too.  He has been disappointed time and time again.  He added all his friends to his buddy list and so far the only one he can talk to lives directly across the street from us.  His best friend is two blocks away and is not in range.  This toy was a total waste of money and should be named CHAT NEVER!!!
I got a chatnow for christmas along w/ my brothers and sister. At first I thought it wouldn't be that bad. When you try and call someone and you are trying to talk to them, there is a VERY LOUD scratching/breaking up noise in the background and it takes a very long time for the call to "connect" even when they are 8 ft. away. Then when you try and take a picture, the color is green and very hard to make out what you're trying to take a picture of-unlike the crisp clear black and white picture they show you on the chatnow screen. I don't think that it is a very good product.
So, I went ahead, ordered some fat silver aligator clips with plastic teeth to protect fabric, and some black 1 inch wide elastic. Then I sewed myself some of the bext garter straps I have ever used - as well as pant cuff 'stirups' to keep pants tucked well into boots, a way to tighten the waist of my pants without a belt, all kinds of tasks. So, point 1 for me, Lovefifi garter straps nill.
I've been wearing a pair of these titanium framed glasses for a year, at least until recently.  I love the lenses and the comfortable fit.  One of the few pairs of glasses I've had where I can put them on and forget I have them on, they are so comfortable.  I religeously care for my sunglasses, always keeping them out of harms-way whenever they are off my face. About 4 months after wearing them daily, one of the lenses started to loosen at the nose-piece attachment place.  Within a week or so it came off because the rivit came apart.  I couldn't find my receipt to get a warrentee repair so used some super-glue to reattach it.  I needed to re-glue it about every other week after that. The other lense was becoming looser during that time-period so I expected to repair it before too long.  Last week when I took the glasses off one of the arms simply broke in two.So, although I love the clarity of the lenses and comfort, I also hate the lack of durability of the design.  I'm relatively poor and can't afford to replace expensive glasses very often.  If this is you too you might want to consider a different product.
This garment bag feels rather cheap initally but proved for be durable for the torture I put it through. I could only comfortably fit about 2-3 suits in a single bag, which was not good for a several week trip which had a baggage limit. There is no easy way to lock the bag if you decided to do so. Having been used to a stationary hook on garment bags, I was easily aggervated by this bag not having one as well.I would have rather spent the money on a larger, more functional bag.
Like the previous reviewer, I prefer the Bibsters to these.  My daughter is 22 months old, average size, but the neck opening was too small for her.  Also, the sticky closure got caught in her hair.  Thin, flimsy material, but there is a pocket, and the back of the bib is lined in a waterproof-looking liner.
I prefer the bibsters.  The quality on the toss away bibs is not as good - the material is quite thin, the closure uses a sticker that never stays closed.
I guess I wasted my money on this because it's really just a...well, it's a mat for sure, but it's hard to stay open, feels so cheap and plasticy and I tried twice to use it and gave up.  It's easier just to get one of those $1 mats that are rolled up.  Same idea and I can toss those after 1 beach season.
Good item for the price but it won't knock your socks off - and it won't fit a 12" Dell XPS M1210 with the normal 6-cell battery.  I actually DOES zip closed but it's not really a good fit.  It's made of a neoprene-like material so it smells like a mouse pad as well.
It was a great gift for my child, however, the problem is that the fabric itself is cheap looks good when you look at it from a distance, but if you feel the fabric, you will hate it.
The size was too big for my newborn.  I also couldn't return it, even though it has never been used.
My son wears a 4T in Carters and a 3T in everything else.  This costume is listed as a US 2-4 child.  It does not begin to fit - it only comes to his knees and just past his elbows.  I can barely velcro the back, it is so small.  If it fit, the quality is fine and the suit seems comfortable and soft (although the product seems rather cheaply made, but that is what I expected).
The product looks cute on the website, but the quality of the fabric is very bad. It's also very think, so you will have to were underneath clothing otherwise your kid will be cold outside when trick or treat. For the proce of this costume you for sure would buy a better product at Babies RUS or at Costco. Unfortunately I am too busy to go shopping, so I had to keep it.
My mom found a used Batman costume for my 3 year old at a garage sale, so I had to get a Robin costume for my infant son to match.  This was the best one I could find online.  I bought the "newborn" size which is probably best for a 4-6 month old depending on how big your baby is.  My son was 4 months old when he wore it for Halloween.  He was 26.5 inches long and 13lbs, 7oz in weight.  This costume was almost too roomy in fit for length and width, however the neck closure was SO small, there was no way I could fasten the velcro.  It would probably fit around my wrist and that's it.  So we fastened the mid-back closure and put the cape on which helped hold it on around the neck.  The fabric feels like felt or some other cheapy fabric.  This costume served our purposes, but it's really disappointing that the fabric and fit were not of better quality given the $21 price tag.  Also it's hand wash only, which is a undesirable!  I would not purchase this again and I don't recommend it.
I ordered this costume for my 2 year old son, who is smaller for his age. It stated on the package it was a size 2T-4T. It was way too small for my son. It's more for a 1 year old. So, if you do order this costume, keep in mind the sizing is off. I had to return it but found a better costume for a better price.
Really cheap material. Terrible smelling. Runs really big. I going to keep lOoking for a baby robin to go with his Older brother's batman.
The costume is cute, but I have some issues, one being that the material is very itchy and scratchy for my 5 month old. Its a good thing I'm putting a layer of clothes underneath him. Two: I bought the 6-12 month size and body wise it fits him, but there is an elastic at the writs that's too tight and cuts off circulation so I will have to cut that. The velcro that closes in the back of his neck is also too small, I'll have to leave that undone so it doesn't choke him. Lastly, the mask is disproportionate. They made the holes for the eyes too far spaced from one eye to the other. I'm just going to leave it above his head.I would not order costumes from here again as I also bought the batman with muscle chest for my two year old (toddler size) and it was in far worse condition than this robin costume.
I ordered this cute costume to match his older brother's Batman costume.  However,  I was very disappointed when we received it.  My son is between a 2T and 3T so I thought this costume would definitely fit, with room to grow.  However, when we tried this on it was very small.  The costume fit my 2 year old well above his ankles.  Unfortunately, I did not get to return this item because I did not send it back within the correct timeframe due to other circumstances.
The boots look good but the soles are hard plastic and very slippery, causing me to take a spill in a busy intersection.
Whoever shot the photos for this bag did a great job - the bag was not as nice as it looked in the photos.  It also did not fit the oversized laptop that it seemed it would.  The wheels didn't seem like they would take much abuse, and the organizer pockets were cheap plastic.  It earns points for color selection and for the handle.  All in all, I sent it back despite the fact that the eBag policy is to only give a partial refund.
This hat is nice but too small.  The difference in the MAGID hats and this hat is that this does not have the elastic insert in the back of the hat. I was too small and felt like trying to put on a child's hat.  I loved the look of the hat but that does not matter if I cannot wear it.
was very disappointed with the quality. What was shipped the me was way different from what I received.I tried to contact buyer but didn't respond to my e-mail. I don't think I will ever recommend anybody to by from this buyer.
Hi. Some weeks ago, a friend of myne brought me from the US the chalk bag I purchased in Amazon and sent to his address. I ordered online the cute blue flowers alike design, but the one that came is the red flames which is not bad but definetely I liked the other one better. I live in Caracas-Venezuela and don't know if there is a way to send the item back through a local distributor or to have it changed to the one that I originally wanted. Please let me know what we can do about this, the item is totally new, I just came from a trip and haven't had the chance to use it and also wanted to ask Amazon if there was a chance to do the exchange. Regards, Aya Bracho.
I purchased this because I hoped that it would make my new tangerine leather purse water repellant and not prone to water stains, but instead I have water repellant spots on my new leather purse, and the feel is tacky.I just ruined a purse without ever using it once.So, I am not very happy with this product for the purpose I'd intended.
It's a standard 22" carry on rolling bag - not very sturdy, but okay for infrequent travellers looking for a cheap bag.
Very comfortable to wear, but it looks cheesy.  It's ok as a little fun watch. The face of it is fine, but the band compromises the look.
I bought these thinking they were leather shoes but they started to peel right away.  My son found them comfortable but it wasn't long before they looked pretty shabby.
I liked the coat but it did not last, When I purchases there was a hole in pocket, and after only two seasons the zipper completely stopped working, always had trouble with it.  I feel it should have lasted alot longer without zipper had to throw out.
I returned the item because it was larger and harder than I had wanted.  It cost me almost $16.00 to return it and when I called to get a special # for return and mentioned it was costly to return, I was told I was lucky not to be charged a re-shelfing fee.  It was an unpleasant buying experience, and makes me think twice before shopping blindly on line and making a purchase.';
I wasn't aware that the pillow was going to be like sleeping on a Japan block pillow. It also isn't a large enough horse shoe but I didn't know that before I tried it.
The pillows themselves, I am on our fourth one, are marvelous.  Very comfortable, I love them.  The pillowcases are a horse of a different color.  The cheap, heavens know where made, zippers break after a couple of uses making the pillowcase useless.  It is a shame that such a nice, and expensive, product is made with such cheap garbage. Shame on you "Bucky".
I really wanted this pillow to be great, but instead it was just frustrating.  Its not sized for an adult neck, at all.  We tried several folks and its just too small to stay where we need it, so unfortunately it will have to go back.  The filling and overall feel of the pillow is quite exceptional, and I may try another Bucky product such as a normal pillow.
This pillow is too small and even my petite 6 year old agrees.  The ends don't even come past your neck and the back is way too thick.  Disappointing because it is an otherwise well-made looking product.  Now I have to go through the hassle of a return and continue to seek a decent neck pillow.
Item that arrvied was a solid color, instead of the checkered pattern shown in picture (and that I ordered). Nice look, but not very warm. Pretty but not functional.
I really like these overalls and I got one from every color. I only didn't realize (my fault, though) yellow has to be girl's color so I got one for my son thinking yellow is unisex. Unfortunately, it isn't as it has a picture with a girl on top so my Theo will look a bit too feminine in it. Not that I want to keep to the tragic pink/blue stereotypes but maybe this one is a bit too far..:)
The material is okay. The snaps are plastic instead of metal and I have no idea how long they'll last. No idea because there's no chance that my children can wear these. At 9 months old, these should fit them in maybe six months. Seriously. It's about 30 inches long from shoulder to toe. The size I got was 9-12 month. What year old child is two and a half feet tall?I have consistently had this issue with baby garments manufactured in China. All of them are the exact same size (from 3-6 months on up) and the size seems to be approximately that of an 18 month to 2 year child.Eventually they'll be able to wear them. Aside from the sizing and snaps, they're cute enough. They are a very lightweight cotton suitable for summer/spring.If you have an especially large child, I can see this being awesome. Or if you're looking for clothes for a young toddler. The snaps are worrisome and cheap, but I don't mind cheap for the price, as long as they keep working after going through the laundry a few times. We'll see.
The fabric was a little thinner that thought it would be.  Ladies need to wear an undershirt.  The front looked fresh clean and new, but there was a round stain on the back.  It wasn't damaged during shipping because the packaging was in good condition.  The washer did not get out the stain but did lighten it. It's still wearable, but I was a bit disappointed. The shirt is cute, but poor quality control.
For me, these gloves washed up terribly.  They shrunk a ton.  I wish I could attach a picture to illustrate.  I had gotten 6 pairs to wear with lotion at night (gloves + lotion = amazing hands!) but I wish I had ordered just one.  They were a little large when I got them (despite measuring) but washing them (in warm water and low/medium heat) shrunk them vertically but not horizontally with the very first washing.  Now they barely touch the top of my wrists but the wrist is still too wide (and I do not have small wrists - I always need an added link in to bracelets and such!).  Overall disappointing.  I would not order again.
I thought these would be a more finished glove. They are actually thinner and look more like the gloves the photo handlers at the pharmacy would wear. I am using them to polish my silver.
When you use this bag in the messenger position (pictured), you cannot put anything in the bag becuase it is full of itself. The only way you can acually use it to carry anything is to open it up and carry it like a shopping bag. I was disappointed. But, on the plus side, it is light weight and small and you can throw it in your suitcase and in case your possesions "grow" on your trip, you'll have an extra bag for them!
The bag fits very tight under the arm.  Its not comfortable to carry on your shoulder.
The lace body shaper is pretty but holds absolutley nothing in it actually made me look worse in my clothes and added extra material I did  not need if you are large on top this has alot of padding I did not need and made me flop out ... FYI I also ordered a mirclesuit and that worked great it took me down a whole size!!!!
These Pilsners were a gift, and I was under the impression I'd get a heavy glass with a strong and bold label.  The quality of the glass is OK, but the logo itself is weakly adhered to the glass.  They aren't dish-washer safe and you have to be careful not to tinker around too much with the logo.My friends who received the glasses basically use them for show only.
This bracelet fell apart as soon as my daughter put it on.  I contacted the seller via Amazon's email contact and got no reply whatsoever.  It wasn't expensive or anything, so it's not that big of a deal, it's just the principle.
I bought this hat, thinking it would be adjustable, so I could wear it on my 23.75" head. Even though there's elastic under the tie in back, the hat was still way too tight. I tried cutting the elastic and just tying it, but now I can't keep it on.Continuing on my quest to find a woman's hat that will fit me.
Quality is good, purse size was smaller than I thought it would be but the demensions were given. Not enough pocket space per my mother-n-law, who's gift it was. I got it for her last Christmas and she rarely uses it as it is "too small" and straps are too short for comfortable carrying.
order got messed up-problem in fulfillment, but they handled it well. Got in white also- arms are the length for a chimpanzee. They need to QC this better. The tomato color is high quality, one of my favorites.
I bought this for my daughter which is true small but it was too big so her sister got it instead of sending it back.  Very heavy and made well.
xl is way too big and the smell of the coat is horrible.  I have it hanging outside on my balcony and may never bring it in.
This is supposed to be a purchased Christmas Gift.  I does have an oder to it.  We have it hanging out to see if the oder goes away.  The jacket looks "nice".  I am sure the recipient would like it, but I can't give it for a gift if it "STINKS".  So we will have to see what developes here.
Sizes & info vary from item to item .. Size charts are Lille or no help often not measurement specific.  Ll bean is the only co. That I find consistent and right.  I will cease buying items of clothing  from amazon ..it just does not work.  For example I was looking for boxer shorts.  Sizes are in l,xl etc but not measurement specific ...the jacket is a good buy but does not fit.
I was impressed by the price of this jacket and when it arrived, I was a little taken aback at how thin and cheap it looked. I DID love the strong real leather smell it put off, however. As I wore it, I realized that it was quite warm, even though it was VERY VERY thin leather, and not at all like the photos shows making this jacket appear quite thick.So, I decided to be positive, however, after 1 1/2 weeks of wear, I noticed thinning at the elbow areas. Also, I saw a small area of stitch release in the middle of the arm, where there is really never any  tension.A day after that, this area became a 2 inch hole...OMG! I was very let down, and I would have liked a refund...as leather should last and last and last. This is a usual case of "you get what you pay for" in my opinion. I'm not happy with this product's quality at all.
These gloves are made of poor quality leather with dreadful stitching. Additionally, contrary to what the description of the gloves say, the fit is hard from legendary.You truly get what you pay for, I do not recommend this product.
This product works well when it works.  Sometimes you have to unplug it and plug it in again to get it to turn on.  Otherwise it works fine.
The problem with the puffy citrine heart is that it resembled its online likeness not one bit.  The heart itself was a close match to what I was looking for, but the embedded 'gemstone' that looked like a red cross online, was actually a green square in person.  We regifted the item to a co-worker and they loved it, but my spouse was still stiffed out of a birthday gift and my record of great presents was snapped like a twig in a typhoon.
I normally like almost every item with the Coleman name, this watch has been a big dissapointment.  I ordered this watch because of the features on the face.  It has military time listed on it, which is not common on most modern pocket watches.  When the watch came, it did not function.  I took the backing off, and found that the internal workings were very cheap and plastic.  The battery that came with the item was dead.  I replaced the battery, and the watch still did not work.  I will need to take it to a watch shop.  The seller is Target, the store does not normally stock this item.  As for the watch, it is thin, light and does not have much substance to it.  The top mount and time setting post is of an almost plastic material, the chain and belt clip are nice.  With some work done, the watch could be nice, but as is, leaves something to be desired.
I got this watch a year or two ago, and it was fine for awhile, but recently it has started losing big chunks of time. Not sure how it happens, but I'll look at when I know it's around 7:30 and it will say 3:15, or something on that order.It will keep time fine for a few days, then will go bad, I'll reset it, it will keep good time again for a few days, then it will go bad again.  Can't find any rhyme or reason.Replaced the battery, but that didn't solve the problem.EDIT:  finally got frustrated, bought another one.  It soon started doing the same thing.A watch should do one thing: keep accurate time.  This one doesn't.  If you need a shiny $20 paperweight that will sometimes tell the correct time, buy it.  If not, forget it.Sometimes the cheap turns out expensive.If I could drop my review down to one star, I would.
The face of the watch moves around when you change the time. I also found the stem would pop up while it is in my pocket. That allows the time to stop. The chain is cool, but the craftsmanship is clearly sub par. It is real light and obviously cheap.
I wasn't expecting too much watch for this price but from the other reviews I thought I'd be getting at least a good deal. I was wrong.When you pop out to set the time, the minute hand flops around a teenie bit so when you set the time you have to be careful how you click the set knob back in or it can move the minute hand a little. Not very accurate and really annoying to me.However, yes, it's fine for the price I guess but I'm now looking for another pocket watch. It's not worth it for me to send it back so I'm donating it to a thrift store and spending more money this time for something with a bit more quality.
This watch certainly looks pretty, and it is when you first get it, but after every-day wear, the gold fades and the watch is then silver.  Some of the crystals fell out also.  It served its purpose for a while though, I just wish the gold didn't fade.My suggestion would be to save a little money and get something nice.
It is a very solid and well made jacket, but not what I had in mind for a soft, comfortable coat.  The company was great about taking the return and credited my account.
great warm jacket but its a little stiff and the wrist fold in, i hate that because then snow gets in there
We sent this back since the large was huge. The sizing reminded me of a line of the &#34;Get R Done&#34; guy:  &#34;I'm a medium at Wal Mart.&#34;  The jacket was also rather stiff and thick.
May be it not designed for California. I have never purchased any jacket with such material,feels like wearing a shell. I like the design, color, and every thing else. very disappointed.
Bought this jacket love the quality! Hate amazon customer service though. Need a larger size and they are sold out. They are unwilling to exchange for a different product only for the same item.
Ordered a Lg. Carhartt Men's Duck Active Jacket (shipped by Bare Bones Workwear)for my husband for Christmas and received the product only to find that it is too small. I checked user reviews prior to ordering and checked the size chart for the product. I am very disappointed in the return policy. I cannot exchange the product for a larger size. This company requires me to purchase another jacket and send first one back at my cost for shipping. Then I have to wait for them to receive the first one before my refund will be concidered. Why would I pay $80 for another one now to get it before Christmas and don't even know when I will get the refund for this one. This sucks. I will not use this company again.
Sadly, this product moves me no further ahead in my search for a hairnet that doesn't have to be doubled or tripled and wadded up under my bun. It's quality isn't objectionable, but it is way huge.
I THOUGHT THESE WERE BUN SIZE, THEY ARE FULL HEAD SIZE. VERY DISAPPOINTED. I HAVE NO USE FOR A FULL HEAD HAIR NET.
It is not adjustable at all.  It slides down your leg.  Be careful to order a size that will hold tight in the middle of your thigh, or prepare to make your own alterations.
These earring backs do not work.  They are too small and too light weight  to hold the earrings in place.
When I received the watch it was scratched, without protective plastic. The watch don't have the original box and it seemed to ve used. The mostrar annoying for me was that the clock was scratched
I like the concept of the bra, I bought it because it was touted as a good sleeper bra for large breasted women. Unfortunately, the execution left a lot to be desired. The band on the bottom rolls up, and the fabric is so stretchy that it does the same thing as my cotton knit tank top.Putting it on was a trial in itself. Because the fabric is so thin it wants to roll on itself. I found myself trying to unroll the back before I could unroll the front enough to put my breast into the cups. The back armhole is a bit on the small side; annoying, but not unbearable.I would have been willing to over look the fabrication if the bra worked.I have some sewing skills so I modified mine. I shortened the length of fabric that over laps on the center front. On both the outer and inner layer, this helped to prevent my breasts from laying on top of each other when I rolled on my side. I also made the armhole slightly bigger on the back panel, figured while I was at it I may as well address it. I replaced the bottom band with a wider and shortened band. The shorter band required a hook and eye closure because I was no longer able to pull it over my head, but the back no longer rides up. With the modifications my bra looks like a patchwork quilt, but it works better. However, for the amount of money spent on this bra, it should have had these minor modifications before it was sold.Very disappointed.
This company sent me the wrong briefcase; it had only one compartment. Then it sent me the correct product, but it wasn't as big or as nice as the photograph made it seem. So I decided to stick with the Eagle Creek briefcase I was using before. This company was great, very fast and responsive. Totally honest. So I would recommend doing business with them.
Although a few 'older' ladies said I looked good, it is not a pattern that is flattering for any pregnant person.  And note, the 'older' people liked it!
This is a poorly reproduced copy of the original Air Force Survival Guide.I though I was ordering the heavy cover and heavy/water resistant version that the Air Force issued in years past.I was very surprised to find that it is a poor quality copy printed on low bond paper. About the thickness of a Jepp plate, or for those not familiar with Jeppesen Plates, it is a couple of steps above toilet paper. So do get it near water or this manual is done for. In retrospect, I wished I had not wasted the money.
I was in the army a few years ago. My army boots had steel toes these do not.  I am returning them because they just have leather toes.  The sole is made really well though.  If you dont need them to protect your feet they are a good boot. NOT MILITARY QUALITY
I love keens. I have 3 pair of sandals, a pair of boots and these "flip flop" type sandals. I've had two of my regular sandals for over 2 years and they're well worn. I loved these the moment I got them. They are cute and comfortable. But I've had them for less than 4 months and they are falling apart. I haven't worn them any more or less than any other keen sandals, so I'm not sure why they're falling apart. I may have gotten unlucky, but I wouldn't buy them if they aren't on sale. Too expensive to only wear a few times for one summer.
I tried two different kinds of products for my summer "Outside it's hot and I don't like what happens when I go into airconditioning" issue. These work but they can only be used once and they are more uncomfortable to remove than the silicone covers I also bought. This makes them the more expensive and least desirable solution.
These nipple covers are so tiny.. No way these came close to covering the nipple up! They looked smooth enough under a tight bodysuit I was wearing, but when it was time to take it off OW! The adhesive was so incredibly painful to remove, and left red marks in the shape of the covers for days, as well as extremely sore nipples. Would definitely not recommend.
You can see these thru shirts like huge nipples.  It would only be good under dark shirts like, black, brown or navy blue.
Body of case was scratched and also had what looked like water marks on the leather.  The handle squeaked anytime it was moved.
The lock on the brief case broke within 9 months of careful usage. This is either a manufacturing defect or just poor manufacturing.
this product is not a very good quality product. It is very thin and itchy. I do not like it.
My daughter hasn't used it yet since it is a Christmas present. A friend of mine highly recommended it to me. The only thing I was disappointed on, was it does NOT come with the "Special Bonus Pack" as indicated. I specifically chose this one because of it. They did give me a $[...] refund but I see they are still advertising it this way. Hmmm.
Beware, if you are a wide width like me, this is NOT wide width!  I don't have extremely wide feet but I usually order wide.  But this shoe is sooo snug it was uncomfy.  Also, size 11 is more like a size 10.5 so order up if you do order.  I have bought many nursing shoes over the years and you get what you pay for with this shoe.  Don't expect perfect comfy fit for $50.  I returned them and went with Dan5k0 and am SO happy I spent the $120!  This Cherokee shoe has no arch support for my high arches.I WILL say that the shoe was lightweight and soft forming when I walked.  The leather would be easy to clean and the soles seemed non-slip.  So it's not a terrible shoe but it's not the highest quality you can buy for your job.  If you're a nursing student, sure , these would be ideal for the 2 years you have to wear white.
The bamboo rods at the bottom are affixed by loops of heavy thread and the thread broke, so I am now missing a rod. Also, the snap that holds the sides together inside is anchored by very thin linen, which is starting to shred. The bag is pretty and eye catching, but I would have rather paid another $20 for a better constructed product!
It would be a great bag if I were 13 but I'm 42. I thought it was more like this messenger bag I received when I bought some swiss army cologne from macy's. It's a large flap messenger bag with the swiss army cross and a cell phone pouch on the outside. The inside is one large bag. Very simple design. Guess I'll just keep looking.
If you are a small frame person or a short person these will work fine for you. The white is thin and you can see through it so i don't reccomend buying white on this brand. The t-shirts run very small. A size x-large fits both of us very big on most brands but this brand was so tight we could not even get it on so these run very small. They are also short. 29 inches is short for a man's t-shirt. If you are tall, i would not recommend this t-shirt.The t-shirt is soft, not scratchy and the style is nice. We only had problems with the sizing and of course the white being so thin that it is see through.
These gloves are inexpensive, but they're also cheap.  They came with a hole already in one of the fingers on the seam.  I don't expect a lot from costume gloves that are this inexpensive, but I also don't expect them to be that faulty.  It's not a huge deal, as I can sew them, but really.  They are adult size but are kind of small for many adult hands, especially males.  Other than that they are really just basic white gloves.  I imagine they'd serve your purpose as long as they arrive without a hole in them.
The gloves were not perfectly fitting in all the way with the palm of the hands!!! They were out of shape.
What I look for in a wallet is this: quality and storage room. This wallet has the second factor down flat, with plenty of room of bills and coins and a multitude of slots (11 to be exact) for credit cards. However, the quality is just poor, or at least my expectations of "made in Italy" was not met, at all. The leather is scrunched in places it should not be, and appears to be dirty. Even though it is in a sealed package, I suspect the wallet was used. The brass buttons for the zipper clasp shows some discoloration, indication of wear. The tone of the leather is quite uneven in the credit-card slots. I would suggest not buying this wallet online if you never have seen a specimen of it in person. It may not be what you expect.
The tote was too big for me since I'm petite and it looked and felt like I'm carrying luggage.
Being on a long car trip I thought I would get 2 different type of neck pillows... this was the one no one wanted to use.  I think it was thrown away as soon as we got back home.
It's really but it just isn't for me...The crotch part is way too tight, I would stay away from one pieces if your buying in online.
I would not buy this sweater.  It is flimsy, and not very quality feeling.  The price was too good to be true!
these clothes are pretty cheaply made, which i guess should not really have been a surprise. the thing i did not like the most was the tags are super stiff and scratchy, like they are made of plastic or something.
They look pretty decent, but they are a very thin, stiff cotton that is not very comfortable and for any kind of running and mobility needs are almost restraints. But they're affordable and thus pass the test.
Bag was exactly what I expected but the inside pocket was ripped so everything falls into the lining. Didn't try to exchange it because I didn't want to deal with that. Still love the bag though.
I am extremely disappointed. If you read the reviews, you would think this bag is huge. Well it's not! It can barely pass for a medium size. There's no zipper whatsoever, and it's flimsy. You have to be careful when opening the flap where the buttons are because it can rip off. I think the only good thing about this is the material. It's soft, and can probably withstand some rough wear. Don't buy this if you're looking for space and reliability, you can buy a better bag at a Korean gift store!!
My goal was to find a backpack for laptops that was multifunctional and could carry quite a few things.  Ideally I wanted this for school and work.  I was looking a well constructed backpack, carried a laptop, could carry books and my lunch fairly easy, and had a chest strap.  This pack doesn't do that well and I will be returning as a result.Pros:Well constructed, many pockets, compression strapsCons:Poor layout, shoulder and chest straps not well fitted for my size, missing functional pockets i.e. mouse, laptop cords.If you look at the back pack more or less it looks fat at the bottom with a modular unit attached to the back and that is what it really is.  Here is the major problem I have.  I couldn't put my books and/or lunch in this pack easily having my laptop, mouse, and laptop cord stored in it.  What happens is you must use the modular outside pocket to store all your gadgets.  So my mouse and laptop cord would take up some bulk and push back into the laptop/main compartment section which is where most of your cargo area is.  As a result I constantly was trying to hold the opening of the main compartment open wide enough and put stuff in there.  Once in there at the bottom there is plenty of room but you have the same problem removing items from the main compartment.  When I moved the mouse and laptop cord to the bottom of the main compartment I couldn't always fit my books inside without reaching down inside and moving them out of the way.  All in all, it is pain to deal with constantly.  I think the issue would be easily resolved if the outside compartment was extended further down so it doesn't "pinch" the top.  Either way I am taking this pack back and I am on to searching for a new one.
The written descriptions are useful, but I was expecting to get real pictures of how to tie the knot and not only very bad drawings.Sorry, not a good product.
I totally didn't have a problem with the seller or anything, great shipping! Um, but, the book kinda rots. If you know how to tie a tie already, then it might be fine, but I don't. The pictures didn't really help, and the wording wasn't concise. One sentence could be interpreted like nine ways!! I practically destroyed one tie, definitely practice with a tie you don't care about or one that doesnt need to be dry-cleaned, cuz they get pretty rumpled.
The slippers looked so comfy but proved to be too small, even at 8 and half wide. Wish they had fit.  The only replacement offered was leopard print at 9.  No thanks.
I typically love Daniel Green slippers but this one wasn't as I expected. I was looking for a very cushiony bootie slipper that would be super cushiony around my ankles as well as on the sole of my foot. Although the slipper has an outdoor sole, the bottom of your foot is supported by a layer of the bootie's soft fabric, a very thin layer of cushion and the rubber sole; all-in-all, they're not very cushiony. The slippers were snug but I like them that way.
I bought this producct on the basis of the reputation of Daniel Green slippers, however, when I received them I was disappointed. I did not think they were worth the cost.  I was looking for something that would keep my ankles warm and these slippers are not substantial enough to do the job.  They look very nice, but they are too thin to remain around my ankles when I put them on.  I expected something heavier. Even the sole was not heavy enough for me to be able to wander around outside when I go to pick up the morning newspaper.  I do not like to wear socks with my slippers so that was not a solution to my problem.  the size was o.k. and the design is fun, but they are just not sturdy enough for me.
I have another pair of Daniel Green slippers in the exact same size, same style, etc. that I bought from a Daniel Green store. They are completely different in that they have a very cushy bottom and these don't, my others fit perfectly and these are a size too big and I've had the others for four months and they've held up great and the tab ripped off the back of these the moment I put them on. I don't know what the deal is, I'm just saying I wouldn't buy these again. Only from a Daniel Green store or [...] or something like that.
I sent these back as I purchased them for the comfort of the memory foam insole, which was very thin and not very comfortable. Very disappointing after searching long for what I thought was going to be a great slipper.
As said above for the Daniel Green Tess slipper, these definitely are NOT a narrow - they are much too wide.
I have other Wigwam socks that I absolutely love, but I am disappointed that these socks are wearing very thin in the toes and the balls of my feet after only 6 weeks of normal wear. I would return them, but my window closed after 4 weeks. I would not purchase this item again.
I bought a three-pack of these and when I read the label on the package , the amount of actual wool was less than 20%! Very misleading item description--whatever.
These socks seem thick and looks decent (for an ugly hiking sock).  It pilled up like crazy, though, and it had the "squeaky" feel of a cheaper synthetic sock.  It's OK for the price.
These socks have a very tight fit all around.  The calf tube is not just snug, they're very TIGHT - and I have an average 'thin' male leg.  The thick soles are a big plus, and comfy.  Perhaps the most redeeming feature.  I think these socks are too scratchy&#8230; at least they're NOT NEARLY AS SOFT as I'd expected.  I haven't washed these things yet, but I can see already with one hour wearing these at home (no shoes) they're going to nap, pill and ball up, considerably.  They are also a magnet for fuzz, lint, fur&#8230; 'everydangthing'!  After two hours use, and I already look like the aftermath of a porcupine fight. There's no way to brush debris off, because static is making alien fibers embed in a nightmarish way.  This is amazing&#8230; not a good amazing.  But, more like: &#34;Aaack! Go get the Dyson!&#34; - amazing.  Might wanna keep shopping folks&#8230; these are NOT pretty.
Cute newsboy hat.  I have a black one that is similar.  Major issue...not enough fullness in the cap.  Newsboy hats need to flop a bit.  This one doesn't have enough fabric to create that floppy look.  So...a little skimpy.  Sorry.
This bag is very large. I ordered it for carrying my laptop and other work related items. The leather on the side of the handle puckers up and does not look even. When the bag is closed and hanging on my sholder the leather is not even. I returned the bag. I took three stars ( 1 for the size, 1 for the leather folding and the other for the markings on the leather)
This bag is very small. The zipper does not have the ability to separate - making the bag much smaller. I returned the bag - very disappointed.
I ordered this shirt as a birthday gift for a 24 fan.  The company sent me the wrong shirt--one with a picture of Jack Bauer on it (holding a gun, so the recipient could not wear the shirt to school) rather than the one offered here, with the circle and the 24 insignia on the front.  It was too late to go through the hassle of making an exchange, so I kept it, but couldn't help but notice also that the t-shirt is not a heavy, high-quality material.  Pretty disappointing.
I bought this watch as an anniversary gift for my husband.. This watch looks fantastic but is POOR quality for the price you are paying. In the first week of wearing it, my husband took our son to the pool not taking it off due to it being water resistant... Water leaked in and destroyed this watch in seconds. Very disappointing for the Bulova brand. Needless to say we are now dealing with Bulova warranty.
I ordered it for my daughter who is a duck lover, but unfortunately had to return it due to being way overpriced due to its tiny size. It would be a good buy for $25.
I bought a few charms from another vendor than Pugster and they literally fell apart.  I was putting the charm onto my bracelet when the butterfuly fell off!  It looked like they had glued it with a tiny amount of glue.  The vendor did refund my money.  But it was disappointing since I the blue butterfuly was pretty.  The other charm was for my dog.  Same thing happened the top part fell off...
After less than a month carrying this bag for school the seam by the handle (on top) has come undone.  I don't think it's made to handle the load of a college student, although I only have one class right now!  If you have more than 5lbs of books get something a little more sturdy.On the positive side, it's very cute and has a fair amount of room!
I was told that these panty hose were "sandlefoot", But they were not.  They were to be sent to my home in St. Louis, Mo, but instead, they were sent to my daughter in Sausalito, Ca.  That wasn't good!!!
After sometime of wear, the white numbers on the dial face faded off.  The decor on the watch band peels off mostly around the buckle and the end of the watch band.
No way was this ever a $ 80 dollar product!Vest is just OK..but what do you want for the price.  You are better off buying one from Land's end for a few more dollars.  Reversible- but unable to use one side because the down comes out.I might try to return this..but the color is nice- not bright red- but more of a cranberry.Over all - cheap quality
I was initially attracted by the price. When I receive it in the mail, My first impression when I tried it on was-- wow! this is really comfortable ! But after an hour of wearing it, my husband and daughter had to help me de-lint my shirt, or Shall I say de-feather! The vest is now getting flat from all of the feather that's coming out!!!
I bought this vest because it was cheap. Buyer beware that this molts/sheds feathers like crazy. Won't purchase again because I shed all over my furniture and car seats.
i found the tubes to be very small and easy to lose.  i wasn't crazy about the colors. it caked up on my lips and stained them. i do not recommend.
the mascara by itself did not work for me but i suppose it might work if u use it over your regular mascara. i didn't think the color was strong enough.
This shoe has a very beautiful design, especally the low graceful heel.  The leather is top quality and the shoe is well constructed.  However, the toe was far too pointed and was terribly uncomfortable.  I was unable to wear the shoes and had to return them.
Compared to all the other Baby-G watches I have owned, I feel this one has the poorest and cheapest quality.  It is nice and thin though compared to the very first one I bought.
I used to wear Bali lace body suits, they discontinued, so I saw this one, it's lace, I thought it might be a great substitute. Nope. VERY uncomfortable, not light, not fun to wear, not comfortable at all.
Why the hell are any left-handed people wearing their watches on their left arms?I've always worn mine on my right arm. Watches are cumbersome on the wrist of the main hand. They're worn on the left arm by convention, because most of the population is right-handed.Why would I want to wear a watch on my main arm? So I can drag it across the page I'm writing? So I can be unable to check the time while doing anything?So, nice idea but an even better one is to wake up and not be a fashion slave. Move your 'normal' watch to your off arm.Added bonus: a little bit more 'flash' when you shake hands.
My daughter is 7 months old. Her head is on the bigger side and has plump cheeks. This sun hat is not able to efficiently cover her face unless I pull the hat very low on her face (covering her eyes with the head part) just to cover her cheeks. I love this hat and it does provide some sun coverage, but not completely.
The chinstrap should be velcro but it is not. You are somehow supposed to tie it, which doesn't work. So the hat turns around and the strings get in baby's face.
I had an old shoe wallet that worked great from adidas but lost it in my last move.  I ordered this thinking that replacing it would be easy.  Unfortunately, this does not fit id-sized items.  My drivers license, metro card, credit card and housekey usually come with on my runs.  This does not work for that.  Cash and a key work but don't fit my purposes.
I am an avid runner and have used a lot of different running gear and accessories.  The Shoe Wallet is not worth the price.  There are much better Shoe wallet/pockets on the market.  The Nathan Shoe Pocket Plus being one of them.  If you are going to put your valuables (i.e. Key, ID and/or money) in a shoe pocket you want to ensure that it is secure and protected.  The Shoe Wallet pouch itself is not big enough to hold your ID/Drivers License, etc...  Securing your ID card/credit card by a restraining band on the back of the pouch is not ensuring it is secure.The Shoewallet for walkers, runners & travelers
I was disapointed in the product. The details of what you can carry in it is boges. I needed something I could put my military ID card in when exercising but it does not hold a ID card, it is too little. Heck, it is barely big enough to hold one key. So, at the low price it is not worth the money.
It's great other than the fact that the top of it is cut too high.  It comes up over my daughter's face covering her mouth and nose.  An obvious bad thing.  The material is too hot and heavy too.  It would be great if we were sleeping outdoors and it was very cold.  However, we have heat in our house and it's too hot for our 71 degree house.
This headband is too small. I have to use pins to keep it on b/c a gust of wind and it'll blow off my head.  Also, the absorbent band is a joke.  It doesn't keep the sweat from running into my eyes.
This item did not really work that well for sweating. It had a nice feel but did not fell like it was drying out well. I don't think it was wiking out well. Almost felt like it was trapping heat.
The buckle around the top makes the bag very hard to open and close. I am not sure what the Fendi Designers were thinking when designing this bag. If the buckle is  loosen at the top - you can get some items in the bag. However - it is very difficult to get in and out of. I returned the bag. I can buy much more for the price and not deal with the hassle.
The Spinner arrived in record time - two days early. It IS very heavy (but the specs were clearly available, so my fault). I immediately went on a transatlantic flight (with 3 connections) and the base was cracked open and a seam had opened when I arrived. I may have been unlucky and got a bad one.  Otherwise, wheels, handle, lock, inside straps etc all good.
I bought this thinking for the price and name of item(Hardside)that I would receive something solid. What arrived was a disappointment. The outside is anything but solid. Made out of something a little harder than common plastics. Sent back item and looked for something truly worthwhile from Samsonite.
Really pretty shoes, just fit funny; shorter than sized, stiffer than I expected by looking at the photo. I was disappointed and returned them.
I was disappointed when I received this watch.  The picture doesnt quite portray it right.  First the face of the watch is oval, not round as the pics implies.  It's also huge.  I have a pretty small wrist and and this watch just is huge.  I was also disappointed  with the embroidery, there was already loose threads when it arrived, and the detail isn't as cute as I thought it would be.Overall I was not very impressed, but I definitely would not purchase this for a child, the head will be as big as their hand, and with the oval shape and only 4 numbers it'll be very hard for them to read.
The dress is super short, it didn't even cover my butt cheecks. No exageration. Also I wear a 14-16 but bought the 1xl that states it is an 18-20, it wouldn't even zip. Yikes it's a total bust, Im sending it backh
It was way shorter than the picture suggests, it also shows a lot of cleavage.
They might have made this dress longer last year (as pictured) but the 2009 version is very, very short.  I'm only 5'1" and it hits about 5" above the knees.  I also had to order 4 sizes bigger than I normally wear just to get the thing zipped.  I probably won't ever order another outfit from this manufacturer again.
All the hardware on this bag fell off within 4 weeks. Like some Fendi bags it cannot close securely, but the quality seemd poor to me anyway. The stitching has started to unravel as well in some areas.I have 3 year olf Loius Vuitton that look better than this bag. Not a good deal.
Product is poorly advertised. Here I thought I was purchasing a Basketweave Bianchi OC Spray Pouch when in fact its the Gloss finish version.In text the product states that it's "High Gloss" but displays a basketweave product. The products image should be updated so future costumers don't get more upset than I. Fortunately, the gloss finish doesn't look too bad on my belt, so I'll keep the product rather than waste more money for return shipping.
The bra looked great on me. Unfortunately, as the day wore on, the thick seam at end of the shoulder strap (where it meets the cup) started to chafe my skin. I have 2 sores on my skin now.
This belt is too cheap for me. I have a couple Columbia brand canvas belts from a few years back that I have loved. My black belt finally wore out and I couldn't find the Columbia belt. Tried this one, but both the belt and the buckle are cheap. I'd look elsewhere.
I purchased this as a gift for a teenager.  She told me that it is difficult to zip as the fabric gets stuck in the zipper.  It is being returned.
I ordered dark blue Carry-on Case and received light red one. In addition I ordered it for the trip and was assured that it'll be delivered before trip started. It have been delivered 2 days after I left for vacation.
This handbag will hold very little.  If you want small its great. The zippered opening is hard to get your things thru. You can't put this bag over your shoulder because the handle is to small. This bag needs to be redesigned to be a little larger with easy opening and longer shoulder strap. The handbag is quality made and cute.It is a little pricey for the size. Loved the overall look of this handbag/shoulderbag. Hate the size. They need to give better details on tthese products.
I bought this as a wedding handbag.  It is beautiful; however, after only opening and closing it about 10 times, the metal clasp completely separated from the bag making it completely unusable.  I'm very gentle with my belongings and I only had lipstick and powder inside!!  Luckily I only intended to use it once and it lasted through the one picture I wanted it for, however I definitely wouldn't recommend it.
I definitely liked these earrings when I first purchased them as they are dangly but light. After a while, the sterling silver began to turn to an orange color since they are cheap earrings. I'm not too disappointed because they were relatively cheap when I purchased them, but now I can't use them anymore. Perhaps spending a few dollars more for better quality earrings would have been worth it.
Cute and cheap - you get what you pay for but only for a week. Because that's how long it takes before the stone falls out of the stud. You probably won't notice at first that you're walking around wearing 1 earring that looks like you found it in a dumpster. Not impressed, but I've accepted it and moved on. Clearly.
The rocks on this ring are larger than they appear to be on the picture.  They aren't very clear, and anyone who looks at the ring will realize it's not genuine diamond.  However, it is a very nice design.  I just wouldn't reccomend wearing it if you intend to try and convince someone it's real.
All but the "ruby" is very pretty. Not only does the "ruby" look fake (cause it is but was said it looked like the real thing) it looks like plastic. I will not wear it. It looks cheap and tacky.
I ended up returning these.  I'm prone to getting pain in my knees and hip joints when I don't wear the right shoes, and I found that the heels/soles of these boots were too narrow to distribute my weight comfortably on my feet (I'm normal weight).  Also, the openings of these boots were rough and rubbed like crazy against my shins.  I only wore these out twice and with long socks, but I had scars on my shins for a couple of months afterwards from all the rubbing.  These boots look very nice, so I would have loved to keep them, but they just didn't work for me.
I have purchased 3 pairs of doc's in my lifetime. The first pair, shoes, I bought about 5 years ago. They were great comfortable shoes and lasted a good 4 years. This year I purchased a replacement pair of shoes and a pair of boots (the ones I am reviewing). Both the new shoes and the boots started to squeak within a few weeks of owning them. I'm not talking about squeaking on the floor, they actually squeak somewhere within the shoe/boot. It seems like it is coming from between the leather part and the sole. I'm not saying that this is the cause, but, the two new pairs were both made in china. The original pair was not. Coincidence?I won't be buying doc's again.
I was kind of worried about ordering them online.  Glad I did though.  They're a perfect fit and better quality than I expected.  Shipping was very fast and they were packaged well.  I've found the spot to buy new work boots when needed.  The price was the cheapest I found on the net too.  (This was the original responce)  *** (6) months later they have torn apart at the heel.  Poor stitching?  I don't know, I don't make shoes.  They usually last a year or so.  I'm trying another pair of Doc's and hope I have better luck as usual.
very disappointed.  just switched to cloth diapers in February, and so far, every time our dd has worn them, they've leaked out the sides.  which is a shame, b/c love the style, love the snaps on the hips, love the softness, love it being an AIO.
For our first child we wanted to use cloth diapers.  Because the reviews were so vaied we decided to try both the swaddlebees and the fuzzi bunz.  The swaddlebees weren't very good.  First small didn't fit (our baby was over 8 lbs) then when they did fit they always leaked.  Also, because it is an all-in-one diaper it takes ages to dry.  You would need three full sets becuase they take an entire day to dry.  For new parents looking to take the cloth diaper option I would recommend the fuzzi bunz cloth diapers, the adjustable fit means you can use them from day one and because of the pocket insert they dry quickly.  Hope it helps.
I followed the sizing chart and this doesn't fit and looks cheaply made.  I ended up having to cut the skit off and get a separate white shirt.  But I do have a little bit longer of a torso.
The brim on this visor looked smaller in the pictures online - had to return as it was just too big.
This watch looks great, but I was very disappointed when it stopped working 4 weeks after I got it.
The stones were smaller than appeared in the picture of them. Otherwise they are very nice.
DO NOT WASTE your money on these.  They are very heavy, and do not stay closed. I have almost lost them each time I have worn them.  They are now in the BOTTOM of my jewelry box.  I do like the look of them-they just are not wearer-friendly!
After just 4 weeks, the inner lining is seperating and coming out, and the velcro isn't sticking anymore. You should also know that this shoe is not really for narrow feet. The velcro won't allow you to adjust for width. I think it's probably a medium width shoe and won't adjust to anything else. Also, when we got the shoes, I was very surprised by how there was absolutely NO padding in the shoe. The leather is really soft and the soles are really flexible... but I don't think it's meant for a lot of walking. They are cute... but don't expect to get a lot of wear out of them...
These shoes are off white in color and seem to be made for a wider foot.  The cost of shipping and return shipping is almost as much as the shoes, so be sure before  you buy.
Yes the shoes are adorable... but it's hard for me to put them on my daughter because the pair I received was off-white / cream... do they don't really match with her black and WHITE dress or her red and WHITE dress.  I keep forgetting to get something cream to match them!!  Now I'm looking at other pairs of shoes to buy and I'm wary about whether I'll get white or not-white!!
I bought these shoes because the my daughter (9 mos) was in between sizes of the shoes she normally wears (pedipeds).  When I recieved them I was disapointed that they were not white like in the picture but more of a cream color.  They were also very wide and did not fit her feet as well.  I noticed the stitching around the shoe was already coming apart and we had not even worn them yet.  I would not reccomend these shoes.  The are cute and a good price but they are made cheaply.
Loved, loved, loved these shoes until they fell apart after 3 weeks! Leather is nice and supple, design is adorable, price is fantastic, but.... The whole stitching around the front of the shoe is too weak for a 14 month old walking!
They might fit nice and I really do need a rayon blend sock.  But $21 for ONE PAIR OF SOCKS is too Pricey!
I tried these socks because I couldn't find my usual Gold Toe knee highs.  The weave on the Hue socks was much coarser than I expected.  The fact that my feet could feel the coarseness was bothersome.  In my experience, most knee highs eventually slip down - unfortunately, these socks seem to end up down around the ankles exceptionally fast.  If you're looking for a substitute for the Gold Toe knee highs, these are not for you.  If you want a pair of socks to wear with jeans on the weekend and don't mind pulling them up throughout the day, these will do the job.  I was really disappointed in these socks and have relegated them to the bottom of my sock drawer.
I was disappointed with this. When you look inside, the finishing is so bad that you would see pieces of the material hanging. As an adult, even a little stitch hurts and can't imagen all that extra material on those little feet. Rather pay more and get the Livie & Luca brand.
My girls are obsessed with The Wizard of Oz and not a day goes by that they aren't wearing some part of these costumes.  However, they are the cheapest costumes out there and it shows.  The ruby slippers broke the first day, without being mistreated at all!  My daughter was walking across the carpeted den and the shoes snapped in half.  (She is 4 and small for her age.)  The Glinda costume ripped in a week.  The "shirts" are too small, even for my 2-year old.  It is not "one size fits all" and the sizes are not consistent, as the Dorothy dress is huge and would fit a 7-year old.  The witch's hat doesn't even fit the head of my children's baby dolls (too small).  If your kids are obsessed like mine, I would bite the bullet and buy a different product that is better made and will last longer.
I ended up buying another set of costumes....too many bits to the outfits (frustrating for little ones trying to keep it all together), shoes not the safest for 3yr olds  - one of the hats too big the other too small.Pity as the concept is great sadly though quality definitely not worth the $20. My 3yr old is slim and these costumes are too small on her.Lastly the trunk that it comes with does not stay together unless you use a lot of tape.Hope this review helps - if I had someone giving me a heads up about this product I definitely would have thought twice.
I was a little disappointed to see the clothes from the dress up trunk.  When my daughter took them out on Christmas day and started trying them on, we all broke out in laughter.  The shirts that they included in the trunk came up to her upper chest area.  I'm not sure who they made these shirts to fit, but they don't fit my very skinny 4 yr old or my 3 yr old son who is shorter in stature then my 4 yr old.  Some of the clothes are cute but I would save your money and buy something else.
The costumes run very small. It says for 3+, but they will barely fit a 3-year-old. (Odd, considering the shoes are huge!!)I bought them for my 4-year-old, and we'll only get a few months' use out of them.It was made cheaply, so the sleeves aren't even on the costumes - I finally pinned them on, b/c they're always falling off.Don't expect the trunk to stay together.
This is a fantastic dress up idea but just isn't right for the manufacturer's age recommendations of 3-6 years.  With the exception of the shoes, this item would be good for 2-3 year olds.  I am sorry I didn't heed warnings on how small the clothes are.  This was purchased for my 4-year-old.  She wears a size 4T-5T in her regular clothes and these dress up items were too small to wear comfortably or decently.  The shirts are too short showing her midriff and the elastic in the skirts and sleeves dug into her skin.One of the plastic shoes shattered a couple days after she received them and the cardboard trunk's lid does not stay together well.Like I said, this is a really great idea and it could be a very successful product if the manufacturer will make some improvements.
The quality of these dress up clothes was not at all what I expected.  The clothes were tiny - too small for my neice for whom I bought the gift.  She is three years old, and really petit.  All of the shirts were like tankini tops on her.  Also, the fabrics were cheap looking and feeling, and the construction of the outfits was disappointing.
The outfits were really flimsy and not for any child older than 3.  The skirts are short and the "trunk" was hard to put together and fell apart the next day.  Not worth the money that we paid for it, but the concept was good.  Definetly not a favorite.
My 3 year old daughter was so excited about this set. The box clearly says for ages "4+". Everything in there was so tiny. My daughter is tall for her age, about the height and weight as all her 4 year old friends. We tried these outfits and accessories on her and her friends and none of them could use the items in this set with them all being different builds. The pearl necklace could not fit over any  of their heads. There should really be s size chart on this that lets you know this would more than likely fit 2 year olds or petite 3 year olds. The picture of what appears to be about a 6 year old child was very deceptive.
This is a very cute dress up trunk--however, Glenda's witch crown fit me, the bad witch was really little and the shirts to all three outfits was really short--which was a problem for my daughter.  She likes her shirts to be long enough to tuck in and these definately weren't even close.  If that isn't a problem for your little girl, this would probably be fine--just have to deal with the size difference in the witch hats.
We got this very quickly in time for Halloween but the sizes were variable - some were too small for my four year old and others were too big. The material was poor quality but probably a reflection of the price compared with other similar costumes.
The scarves were good quality but I should have paid more attention to previous reviewers on this gift.the pack had about 5 or 6 black scarves and a couple other colors, nothing like the picture. save your dough on these scarves.
I purchased this item and it was as beautiful as it looked in online when I received it.  However after a week of wearing it the dragonfly fell off somewhere so there was not point in wearing it anymore.  It was great for the price, but I was disappointed that I was unable to enjoy it very long.
I bought this skirt for flamenco dancing and sent it back.  Though nice for just regular wear or as a modern dance skirt, it is very wimpy when worn for expressive flinging of your skirt as done in flamenco dancing.  I was very disappointed.
The necklace itself is lovely.  It is delicate.  I would have been much more pleased except for one thing.  My cost was $18.99 plus shipping.  It arrived in a tiny baggie with the price of $8.50.  That is one super make-up!  They could have at least taken off the price tag before they mailed it, and I might not feel like such a sucker!
I was very disappointed with the quality of the sweatshirt I purchased. Considering the price I expected an item of higher quality.I will say the company is easy to deal with and I have sent it back to be replaced.  After only 2 washings it looks as if my son has had it for 10 years.  It is full of pills and has lost the smooth feel that under armour  is best known.  I am hoping it was a defect and the new item will live up to the price and reputation.
I should start by saying that my daughter and niece love playing with this makeup set, and both were thrilled when it came out of the box. That said, they also love playing with my makeup...Also, neither of the girls had any allergic reactions or problems with the product (I do all the applying with cotton swabs to prevent cross-contamination.)However, three of the "lipsticks" were broken upon receipt, all of the little tubes are nigh impossible to remove from the package/kit, which is strange because the plastic is so flimsy. I do have concerns about hte actual contents of the makeup as well...one of those lead tests came up negative though.Overall, the product quality was pretty shoddy. But, then, the girls still loved it.
I wasn't impressed with these cufflinks. The cufflinks were very small and the details left much to be desired. I decided to return for a refund.
These are really nice, soft comfy slippers, however,if you use arch supports, they may not work for you.I placed my arch supports in the slippers and thisraised my foot just enough that the heel keptcoming out of the slipper.  I had to return them.I had no problems with the return.  If not for that,I would have given them 5 stars.
The elastic at the heel pushed the foot to far forward and the soft sides matched with the hard sole caused a sloppy fit. Not suitable for my 91 year old mother as she needs a more secure fit.
the reason these earrings are inexpensive is probably because the metal is very thin.  I like the look though.  I probably wouldn't recommend them.
the cotton is very thin, not like the Hanes that I buy for myself and the size runs a little small
I didn't get the colors and styles of the underwear pictured in the photo.  I only selected these because I liked the colors for my daughter.  I tried to tell amazon the image wasn't what I received, but they denied my request.  It should say &#34;colors and styles may vary&#34;, but it doesn't on the listing.  Disappointing.  I couldn't be bothered to exchange it, it was too late to do so before Christmas.
I chose this rating because the product is not what I expected. Would not recommend the product to anyone, ever.
This product is not worth this price. If the company would have followed through with there offer of a free pair two may have been worth it. The company offers a free pair with purchase and did not deliver and when contacted did not respond at all.
For christmas, I purchased this item for a friend, and recieved the black military stand up collar jacket as a gift.  Now, I think both of these items are adorable, but that's about where my happiness ends.First off, this isn't actually boned, nor is it a bustier.  There is no boning on it to be found.  It's more of a strapless top with hooks up the front.  The hooks themselves are few and far between, as well.  They're spaced maybe an inch, inch and a half apart, so that the gaps are pretty big.  On that matter, the size was pretty crazy, too.  I ordered a small for my friend, who is skinnier than me.  I'm abt. 35-28-36, so I can fit into small-medium clothes.  This was way huge on me.  Even laced up as tight as it could go it can pull right off of me.The jacket, (and I know this is an entirely different item altogether) fit better, but the thread used in its construction was totally cheap.  Only a couple weeks after getting and wearing it a button fell off.  Since then, two more buttons have fallen off, and a hole has opened up on the seam.  All fixable, but for fifty dollars, it's downright upsetting.  The fabric itself is a nice heavy cotton, and seems plenty durable, so I just wish that they had used better thread.So overall, the products from this company are cute, and the delivery was nice and prompt, but the clothes themselves are of a very lacking quality.  I was frankly, very disappointed in them, and won't likely be purchasing from them again.  If you don't mind altering your clothes after you've bought them, then go ahead and buy, but otherwise, I'd avoid it.Aah, I hate being mean.
This is a FUN t-shirt to wear, but don't wash it too many times...It doesn't hold up well to washing and drying.
If you keep it near your bed, as I do, you will hear the winder.
I did receive my muffler but not in the time I paid for. I paid for this to be shipped priority mail on 5th of Dec. and did not receive it before I left on the 15th. This was very disappointing and I am not thrilled with the service.
Convenient as an airline carry-on, and you can wear it as a backpack or roll it. But it's not as spacious inside as it looks in the picture.
We received a pair of these a few months ago as a gift.  The first pair we received had the little "dots" on the bottom, and stayed on decently well.  Not great, but they are cute socks (nice colors), seemed warm, and as I said, stayed on OK.  I went out to buy another pair recently thinking they would serve the same purpose - but the elastic in the new pair didn't seem as strong, the socks seemed smaller than the first pair (despite also being 3-6 months in size) and the dots are no longer there.  I can only guess that Smartwool has re-designed them for the worse.  I returned the new pair immediately - they don't stay on at all.
NICE COAT, GOOD QUALITY, HEAVY......BUT.....SIZES ARE WAYYYYY OFFF!!!!!! I ORDERED A 2X AND IT IS MAYBE A L AT BEST XL!!! NEVER GOT TO WEAR IT AND IT WOULD HAVE COST MORE TO RETURN IT THAN IT WAS WORTH!  ORDER BIGGG!!!!
Just knowing that it runs small was not enough. The fact is it runs way to small. The listed 2XL was barely a Large.
Did not like the patched  leather look. I finally did try it on and it runs quite small..  2x fits like an 18.  And I did know that "stone"design meant it would look quilted.  Shipping was great...it arrived  within a week on standard ship.
discription did not say it was patchwork. my friend who wanted it for a gift loved it. i wanted to send it back. but you get what you pay for.
The good: This is very good looking luggage. It has lots of pockets and holds more than you'd expect. The 360 degree rolling feature is very nice.The bad: After one trip out and back, there's a hole in the front pocket and one of the zipper pulls is broken off. The manufacturer says they are not responsible for "improper handling or damage caused by a common carrier" and the carrier, of course, doesn't care about my damaged luggage. So now I'm stuck with a brand new, very expensive piece of broken luggage. The 5-piece set that I got for $50 hasn't suffered this kind of damage after 6 years of use. I thought that more expensive luggage meant it would be more durable but it doesn't. You're just paying for the SwissGear name. Please don't waste your money on this luggage!
I love the style of this watch but if you don't wear it every day it will run down.  And wearing it everyday, mine runs a couple minutes fast. And the leather strap is not for a man with a large wrist. You would need to replace the leather band.
it's a bit crinkly and doesn't really absorb anything, it's just like wearing an extra shirt but less comfortable. Also, the price doesn't match the quality. The size is pretty big, which might be good for some people, but it's not great at locking in moisture or anything of the sort. It's made from cheap cotton and isn't stretchy at all... so... I didn't care for it.
it doesn't work, the fabric is not really not very soft and its very thick it doesn't work with most of modern wore drop
i read what people had to say about this shirt. i wasn't so lucky. i got nothing like the picture looks like. no purple or aqua. i got what looks like another pulse concentric tie dye shirt that's for sale. dark in the front with a little white tie dye around the circle. the main color of the shirt is dark blue. it looks like a guys shirt.i wanted what i saw in the picture and didn't get it.i gave the shirt to my husband that was sent to me.i am disappointed.
Disappointed in the size. Cute clock, but small.  I also wished it was a plug in and not battery operated.
This bag has its zipper on the side. This makes placing coats, shirts, and pants on hangers into the bag awkward and inconvenient. It really is my only criticism, but I give it a low grade because this kind of left-handed design flaw seems so obvious to me from an ergonomic standpoint. It was not likely designed by anyone who actually uses these things on a regular basis.
The product description lists "multiple pockets for organization," but there is just a front ID holder on the bag.  Would have never bought product otherwise and I will be returning it.  I can pick up a plain garment bag without pockets for half the price locally.
it does what its supposed to. the material is just a little cheap but hey ...you get what you pay for.
This does function just as it should but the zipper does not make it easy to open and put the clothing in.
I was not impressed with the structure of the material nor would I use this for traveling through a busy airport.  :-(
The Zipper is in the wrong direction. It makes the whole thing difficult to &#34;operate&#34;. Everyother one had it in the right direction. It may seem like no big deal as i originally though but it is very annoying.
This is a plastic bag container for your suit.** Home/Car storage of your suit? Go for it. If you buy it to store your suit at home or in your car, etc. go for it.** Travelling on plane? No! If you are buying it for travelling your suit with you on planes, etc. I think you better go with something sturdier which will much better keep your suit safe, and less wrinkled. Even carrying the suit with this is a bit hard, since it bends on the ends easily.Cheap in price, cheap in material. Suits are not that cheap, go for something that can protect your suits better...
Because of the reviews I was thinking this was gong to be a descent travel bag but this is not made for business travelers. Material is very weak and you can tell it wont make more than 3 flights.If you want something strong and that it will last this is not for you.Not very happy with the purchase.
Bought this based on the good reviews.  Not worth the $.  It is pretty flimsy.  Not sure how long it will last.  Better to add a few bucks and buy something better.  The only good thing about it is the width (5" deep).
I realize that this was not an expensive bag, but I thought it would at least have handles so as to make it easier to carry.  If I had only looked a bit closer and realized that there were none.  I cannot recommend this bag to anyone except possibly to someone who will only use it to/from car, i.e. not while running through airports, and needs to save money.  Poor product.
Is actually less sturdy than the cover I go for free from a local cleaners when I had my uniforms done.
This is not bad for the price, but is lacking many niceties. I use this to carry my uniform in to work, pants and blouse.  The bag is large enough to hold my uniform without crumpling.  That is about where the function ends.  I would have liked to have actual handles attached to top and bottom so that when folded for carrying the handles came together.  Also, it would have been nice to have a means to keep the four corners, when in folded carrying mode, together-snaps would be fine.  This would have made it look nicer and less of a mess when carrying.For the price, I can't complain, this doesn't seem to be an item many people need, or Amazon just doesn't carry many types.
this bag is much longer than I anticipated.  Don't know of a suit jacket that hangs as long.  I plan to keep it anyway.
The material looked a little worn, as if it had already been through the washer a few times.  It was a little rough to the touch, too.  I would not have bought it had I seen it personally first.
These jeans are terrible, when I finally get them on I feel like a wool mermaid.If I want to move I have to do the worm. I gave them two stars because my worm skills are so premium now.
I would have given these a great review except for the fact that a leg seam came unraveled after 3 washings.  They run small so size up one size. They don't ride up. They don't roll at the legs. They are invisible under pants and they are comfortable. It's a shame they aren't made better. For the price I expected to have them around a bit longer than 2 months.
These are not very comfortable because your feet become warm. Due to the plastic foot bed, my feet become sweaty if I don't walk. I should've got ones w/ leather foot bed which doesn't make your feet warm. And these also make your feet look dirty due to the black foot bed, showing that its material is not so good.
These absolutely look like my basset with the right coloring, but the socks are too tight.  I have to save them for a decoration, because I don't want my dogs chewing them.  Received promptly.  Am sad they don't fit : - (
The greatness of this product is completely beyond words and yet I find myself writing about it.  So wondrous I can barely begin
The ring is pretty and looks just like the picture...however, it is somewhat large and (I thought) a bit gaudy.  My son bought it for his sister for Christmas.  When I helped him pick it out, I expected a small and delicate ring.  It's not.  It has more of a costume jewelry feel to it.
Prong that held the stone got loose in just a couple of weeks. Not at all what I hoped it would look like on my finger. Looks like a kids ring.
The butterfly was larger than I expected. Mine didn't come with a chain, but perhaps it wasn't supposed to. The piece felt hollow. I would call it molded rather than crafted. Diamond chips were barely visible. Sorry, but it was cheap looking. I would never give as a gift.  This company has been great with returns (plus their gift boxes are very nice), so I know there will be no problem returning.
It's ok if you are a teenager or a little girl..it looks pretty fake and cheap, I ordered my size and it was way to big..I didn't even bother returning it because of  the hassles to do so and the waste of more money!
Blah - I ordered 3 of these.  Only 1 actually fits my infant.  Poor quality control if you ask me!
I bought this hat for my barely 3 month old son.  The hat itself is very nice.  It is a decent thickness for cold days and the quality was really good.  When it arrived it did not fit on my son's head.  He does not have an abnormally large head (I would say he is average...and so does the doctor).  He was never able to wear this so we have passed it on to friends that have just had a baby.  It was unfortunate because we got it for our trip to Canada and had to make due with thinner hats and hoods.  Just beware that they are quite small.
I bought this item for the color and assumed it had a cotton crotch. Not only did it not have a cotton crotch the supposed to be a large fit like a small. Chalk it up as an impulse buy, will not buy any more of these unless from Hanes or Fruit of the Loom and it's cotton.
I got this watch for my fiance last Christmas. The first time it got wet, the inside of the face got cloudy with condensation. After this happened a few times, I sent it back to the company to be repaired. After several weeks and several emails, I finally got it back, only to do the same thing again. If you plan to wear this near water, buy something else.
The watch was perfect, but the box it came in looked dirty, so I was somewhat embarassed to give it as a gift, but I did. Secondly, shortly after purchasing the watch, I received a notification from Amazon that the watch was on sale from another vender for half the price. In both instances, because it was a graduation gift, I couldn't return it.
The color is really pretty, yet the pockets dont fit much in them and I just used it for the first time and one of the zippers has already broke. I would look elsewhere for a travel jewelry bag.
I usually buy high end bags--Michael Kors is a favorate--so I was very disappointed in this one.  I needed an olive green bag and from the picture and description it looked very nice.  It was pleather--which I knew--not leather, but the quality was very poor.  I have seen excellent quality pleather bags, of course, and they actually looked and felt like genuine leather.  This one did not.  It is now a storage bag in my office closet and works well for that.  I don't blame Gal-Mart; their service was excellent.  For that they got 5 stars.  I chose not to send it back and pay shipping charges when I could use it for something else.
I have this bag in the light camel color and I have enjoyed using it for the last 9 or 10 months.  However, the welt that goes around the bottom shows wear and tear.  I do not put it on the floor in restaurants or restrooms, so I can only conclude that it has received wear just from brushing up against people and things.  None of my Louis Vuitton (or even Coach) bags have ever shown wear like this.  I love the look and design of the bag.  I just wish the quality and longevity of the bag was better. I doubt if I will ever buy another Tod's bag or shoes because the quality is not what you would expect for a bag in the $1,000 range.  If you are looking to spend this much for a bag, choose another designer if you want the bag to last a few years--this one won't.
I really wanted a turquoise blue necklace for my dress, but so diappointed see this as the beads looks fake and does not look as they are in the pics
My wife loved the top that came in navy blue, but the pink is very see through. Some may like that but the top is risque enough as it is, a little to much for her taste.
The material is very thin.  It is not nearly as good a quality as it used to be.  I wouldn't buy anymore.
The product out of the package looked good, not overly long,  but after washing and drying on low heat they shrunk to much to be worn. I would not recommend them.
In a package of 3 shirts all should have been X-Large, label on each said so but one fits like a Large and one other is not full length.  Like x-out golf balls, this package must have been x-out sizes.  No happy.
The necks are way to big in diameter, and the overall feel of the shirt is sub-par.  You can tell these are the cheap version of the product line.
I purchased this brand of tshirt because I read some reviews that said the neckline stays tight and does not stretch out.  I tottally disagree.  I washed them when I received and tried one on and the neck was loose and hanging immediately.