Present for my sister and she was happy with this purchase. Solid choice for a Rosary not the best but good for the price.
This hat served the purpose (which was the make a Christmas tree hat for an ugly sweater party,) but it was quite small for an adult size hat.
For this price, you really can't complain.  However the boxes are very small - capacity for several smaller pills only.  Too small to hold my daily multi-vitamin pills.
I recently purchased these for a trip where I only used a carry on bag.  When I arrived and unpacked, the bottles were dented.  The sprayer works great, but there is only one sprayer.  I had 2 bottles that needed a sprayer, so I had to constantly take it out of one and put it on the other.  What a Pain!  They're just OK ~ for the money, they're an actual rip-off. An empty trial sized hairspray bottle would be better, cheaper and plastic so it wouldn't dent.  I wouldn't purchase these again.
Light and easy to push out of the way.  Perfect for putting grocery bags in so they won't roll all over the trunk space.
This organizer is a good value for the money, but we would like it a lot more if the sides would stay up when it is empty.  Because it folds itself down when empty, you can't simply drop items into it.  You need to hold the sides up with one hand while you load the first item.  If you already have something large in it (say a bag of groceries), the sides will stay up.
I was expecting something better out of this product!It doesnt really holds up when its empty, even when we have stuff in the case the sides still fall in. and it does not stick to our cars carpeting!
Works pretty well but I wish the walls were stiffer as it always seems to cave into the middle.  Oh well, good buy overall
shipped fast, flimsy packaging, item was very cheap looking when pulled out of the package. At the end though it served it's purpose and we looked awesome in our Halloween outfits.
i know its just a prop and i might not have read the listing well enough but i feel like this thing is really cheap for what you pay for. the watch face is just a sticker which is fine but its crooked and the heart and chain are just cheap plastic. its ok if you just want a play prop but not good for much else
I only needed it for halloween but buyers should know it's only a 2- dimensional shell of a clock made with the thinnest plastic.
timely in delivery and cheap and plastic did it's jobcould use more volume. I would have paid more for it to last longer.
The clock had Roman numbers instead of regular numbers. It is so light weight that I had to glue some weight in the back of it. I think the cost is a little high. Not sure that I would order this again. Again, it did work and looked good on the costume after I put weight to it and fixed the cheap chain that is attached to it. Just be prepared to work on it when you get it.
I recently was Prop Master for a Wizard of Oz production. I ordered this for the Tinman(and the medal for Lion, both made by same manufacturer). The medal is very thin plastic, there is really no "back side" as it's just hollow white plastic. Honestly, it doesn't look that great up-close. In order to use it for stage I hot glued a few metal washers on the back (to weigh it down, otherwise it was flopping everywhere) then covered the back side with some red colored felt. I added a thick metallic silver cord so it could be hung around Tinman's neck. It looked perfect from the audience. Probably fine for a Halloween costume, but certainly is not a "collector piece".
Not sure what I was expecting but it will do.  Doing a retreat with the Oz theme and one of us is dressing as the Tin Man so it will be a nice accent.
I bought it for my Tin Woman costume because the shiny heart on it looked crappy. I thought it would be sturdier and more thick but it did the trick and was a good compliment for my costume.
The seller was great & I would recommend purchasing items from them.  However, I was disappoionted with the product itself.  I guess I was expecting something made of a harder plastic.  My clock also had roman numerals on it.  I thought the price was too high for the product I received.  I would have paid $3 or $4, not $7 for this product had I known it wasn't made of hard plastic.
Very cheap.  Get what you pay for.  No backing, not a solid piece of plastic; rather, just a shell. Go more expensive.
The product was shipped quickly, is very attractive, and arrived in good shape. It ia made of a thin plastic. I wish it was more durable.
I thought it was more than just a piece of plastic but as it wasn't exspensive and it was just for my 6yo halloweens costume he was happy so it was ok
Looks cute in picture, but is so lightweight, that price, plus shipping costs, is not justified.  Needs to be a little heavier so it will hang right.  Kept turning over while worn.
Do not buy things like this from here - as above, shipping costs were relaly high and could have just been stuck in normal first class post for a fraction of the cost!!!
They're actually 70/30 cotton/linen, not 65/35 as the copy states. Aside from that, they're honest cotton/linen handkerchiefs to wipe an honest man's brow.
I thought the handkerchief's were very nice. I ordered them for my 90 year old father. He later returned them to me. Apparently they were not soft enough. I thought they were fine. I have a feeling that his skin is getting thin, so the fabric was not soft enough. To bad. I kept them though.
I purchased about 6 of these and have loved how sturdy they have been as I traveled to/from Africa every year for the past 8.  The body has held up perfectly and the contents too!  Unfortunately, the combination locks broke on all but the newest (not enough travel maybe?) - doesn't matter the number, it'll pop open.  The other problem is wheeling it around.  They always seemed to fall over like a badly planned SUV.... Case is too thin and tall and wheels too small...
This was on my must-have list a couple of years ago, after growing tired of switching my heavy purse from one aching shoulder to the other. For the first six or seven months, it was a constant companion. The sling has ample room in the main compartment for books, letter-sized documents and is large enough to be a good carry-on. There are two zipper pockets that hold flat items (such as a passport) and handy velcro pockets on both the side pocket (sunglasses) and chest strap (cell phone). The main flap closes with velcro and at first, this worked pretty well. But over time, the velco lost some of its strength and my attempts to close the flap left me with a sling that had open gaps on either side of the purse, gaps large enough to allow keys to fall out. It gets high marks for comfort, but it isn't always convenient to lift the strap over your head. I still use it, but the hassles make it a less frequent choice , as I've gone back to a simple shoulder strap purse for everyday use.
Eastpak Mastermind is quite a sturdy knapsack.I use it to carry items to and from work.  It does a great jobin holding my lunch, books, folded jacket, notebooks, keys..etc.Most sacks I've had don't handle the weight that well, especially if you are a college student.  I have actually had a knapsack rip apart at the seems under the weight off all the text books I'm carrying.  Eastpak doesn't have that problem.Also wearing an Eastpak on your back is quite gentle.  The straps and backing are foam, so it's easy on the back and shoulders.  The knapsacks material is also pretty water repellent.  I've gone through more than my share of being stuck in the middle of a torrential downpour, the outside of my knapsack is soaked, but the contest were bone dry.My only negative comment about Eastpak is the no-slip straps.They should be called &quot;always-slip&quot;.  I've threaded the straps every which way and they've always come undone under the most light weight carrying conditions.  I've ended up knotting the end of the strap so it doesn't slip through.  Really not astetically pleasing, but it got the job done.  My only real issue with this fine bag.For the college student on the go, or for the white collar worker rushing to and from work, I believe Eastpak is a good buy with some minor reservations.
This thing has so many uses. I use it as a backpack, a messenger, a saddle bag. It's great if you ride a bike or motorcycle (me), because it doesn't get in the way or shift like a normal backpack
I bought this shirt (in blue) for a friend partially because I thought the color was really nice. When it arrived though, it wasn't quite as bright as it was on my computer screen. Its nothing terribly special, but I was kinda disappointed about the color. My friend loved it, and it looks nice on her.
This helped me organize my credit cards so that I can actually close my wallet but this is very bulky if you fill up the slots (one credit card per slot).  My mom has another kind with transparent vinyl sleeves which holds more cards and is not as bulky either.  The vinyl sleeves ripped after a few years but she got those from a street vendor for a dollar or two so it was a good deal.  I would have gone with that next time.
I see this item is not available anymore on Amazon.  This was a quite large container for a Palm and some other objects.  I frankly ended up not using it much as it was just so large.  I suppose it would make some sense if you had another thing like a briefcase or purse to put it in.
Purchased two security belts for trip to Peru.Felt comfortable and secure at first but while in Jungle, where it was very wet, the straps slipped in buckle and it was impossible to keep tension on pouch.  Finally had to tie knot in strap to prevent it's slipping out.  This created an unpleasant feeling bump.  Spouse was less bothered by this than I was. Item is not even close to being water resistant
It works. It does what it says, but it's not spectacular. It might be good for a cold environment, but if you're visiting the tropics it's going to get soaked sweat.
The belt was too slippery, the money poach itself was fine.  There is nothing that can hold the belt part in place it is hard for someone that with smaller waist to have it hold in place it keeps slipping and falling over.  I had to use a paper clip to try to clip the belt from dangling.
I was backpacking in Europe and can't say this was very practical. The elastic stretched and I didn't really use it.  Just kept my passport and money inside it and kept it in my pack.
Title says it all. Dont expect anything more from this belt. It gets the job done! One size fits all and the straps felt baggy on me and I have a 28 waist.
Elastic on belt is cheap and doesn't adjust down to my waist size. Had to make knots in it. Otherwise, OK.
I have used money belts and similar products while traveling in 3rd world countries; I have ample experience using these products. I just got mine out of the box and the clasp simply doesn't work. It is flimsy, and would not work in the strains of travel. I am reluctant to use this product to store my valuables.UPDATE: For some odd reason the clasp didn't work as first, but after a few tries it was solid - I've used it since and had no problems.
I love traveling and bought all three as I thohught I might switch from leg pouches, crotch pouches, and neck pouches.Logistically, it just doesn't make that much sense adding bulk to your crotch area and then having to reach in there in a sneaky manner and put it back when you are done.I also travel a lot in South America and find that I am always hot and sweaty and having that material all over you pubes and crotch area just isn't that nice.  I find the neck pouch does the trick well.Beyond that, the product is made well.  The stitching and seems are nice and the material is the anti-rip material that feels kind of like a parachute (there is different material for the part that touches the skin).All in all it is a good product, but I think the functionality and utility of this pack compared to the neck pouch is just lacking.  Thus, if I were in your shoes and determing what to get I would read this review and pull the trigger for the neck pouch.
We recently traveled out of the country.  We were advised to obtain a money belt.  The Eagle Creek Travel Gear was purchased.  I used it for one week to hold money, passport (or copy of the passport) and credit cards.  It had appropriate compartments for each.  The zippers worked well and were recessed when closed for comfort.  After reading other reviews I was concerned that it would slip or not be comfortable.  I found the elastic band was adequate. I did not like having the gear in front of my body or on the back.  I preferred to wear it on my left side under a shirt, which I left untucked, and partially pushed down under my pant's belt.  Sometimes I wore it inside out to cover the zipper next to my body.  It was more comfortable wearing an undershirt between the gear and my body.  I would definitely recommend it for the price and usefulness.
This is a great quality wallet, but it is a little over size making hard to get in and out of pants pockets.Also, by it's large design it is a little hard to get money in and out of.
Buy this for someone you forgot to get a gift for. He will love it.
The coulotte  slip was well made, nice fabric. But it did not run true to size.I measured,and then went by their size charts,but it was too small. Order 1 size up.  Good price,slow to ship,shipping rates a little high.
Just a little snug, but I think they will work. Want cotton in hopes they will be cooler in warm weather.
My husband likes these boxers but with repeated washing, they started to wear so thin that little tears appeared all over the fabric. Mostly on the back. I only put them in the washing machine a handful of times and I never put them in the dryer. The little rips are probably occurring because the fabric isn't very stretchy. Other then that, they're great.
They're cute, warm and cozy, but they do shrink.Buy a size larger than you usuually wear or have your pjs dry cleaned!On the plus side:  the colors don't run.
This products works if you need some coverage and a lift. I ended up not using them for the event I purchased them for because the tape made weird shapes under my sheer dress. It &#34;crimped&#34; my boobs. You would need to practice using first and I did not have the time to keep reapplying new ones. This product is not reusable.
This product worked fine on me, but for those with larger breasts I would not recommend.  Pretty easy to use on the first attempt.  Was great for just some light coverage under a backless dress.  I would buy again.
Got this to wear under a strapless/backless dress for a wedding.  After two kids, my 32 D's aren't what they used to be.  If your breasts have sagged at all, or are a bit "deflated" this will not work for you. : )
I tried these and was not entirely satisfied. They do not support anything above a' b' cup, are papery, and are basically bland pasties. They are also too big to wear with anything strapless that you would want this kind of support for. I DO think they are better than compettitors similar items, are more adhesive, and are better designed. But, I would still save my money and get some large bandaids instead.
I have a narrow foot and even so, the small strap weaves through the shoe right near my small toe and the inner ball of my foot which caused discomfort before even walking in them.  As far as looks and quality, they are nice but not too comfy.
We are really happy with it except the zipper broke within a few days luckily it has metal clasps and my son is ok with it.  We bought a cheaper one for my older son the zipper still works
Looks great and my 6 year old loved it BUT the zipper to the jacket broke in less than 1 week. Aside from that its a decent product and probably better than most out there.
This firesuit is very cute and seems to be very durable as far as the material is concerned. Our problem is that we sent back the first one because the button to the overall part fell off the first day we used it. Unfortunately, the replacement one we got did the same thing.  We decided to fix it ourselves instead of dealing with sending it back.It is a very fun dress up suit, I just wish the buttons were more durable.
This costume appeared to be of very high quality when I received it. My son loved all the latches, straps, and zippers, which made it seem really authentic. However, the zipper split apart and broke the second time he wore it, before he even had a chance to wear it for Halloween! Luckily the latches on the jacket held it together well enough to wear, but don't expect this product to last.
Our 3 year loved it, and the helmet became a stable in his usual toy rotation.  We keep it around just in case of a fire.
Where did Paris Hilton come from? (This is a rhetorical question: All babies pretty much still come from the same place).Who can remember back to the day they first heard the name "Paris Hilton"? It could not have been more than two years ago.I remember well the headlines about the various R-rated escapades of Paris Hilton. At first, I thought: The AP writers really ought to check their stylebooks, because they are anthropomorphizing the Hilton hotel in Paris, France. Then, I finally saw a picture of said Paris Hilton and found out that it was not at all the hotel, but the teenaged miscreant Tochter of the owners of the aforementioned hotel chain.Yet, two years later, more skeptical people are still asking the question: "What has Paris Hilton actually *done*, besides being born into a rich family and behaving in the fashion of an irresponsible tramp?"Well, now we have found out what she has done: She has lent her name to a line of tacky products that are just as gaudy and bereft of taste as the Celine Dion licensed merchandise.Paris Hilton is living proof that being born rich does not necessarily mean that taste rides on the coattails of wealth.
The medal looks nice, but unfortuantely it appears that it is hollow....it defintiely has a funny sound because of it!I wish I had known that before I ordered it.
like the bag ok, but it's way fatter than I imagined it'd be. great if you want to haul extra clothes as well as your laptop / portable office.
I still have the boxers (I bought four pairs), but two pairs have already developed holes, right below the crotch opening. I've had them less than two months, so that seems pretty ridiculous. That being said, despite their flimsy construction, they hang well and feel comfortable. Also, the seller I bought them from is great--do not confuse this products recommendation with the seller!
Shows it with bars in the picture. Don't come with bars and must be purchased seperatly. They don't state that in the description. Even worse when you go back n purchase no stainless only Al available.
Broken handle on delivery. I returned it and spent a little more money to get a better quality bag. While I believe that it is worth $30, something more durable is a better choice for me.
Looked and felt cheap.
This is a great looking watch, but my first one died on me the first time I got it wet. I figured it was a fluke so I bought a second one. That one lasted about a year before it started noticeably losing time.
This is a beautifully designed watch with one big problem:  It has almost non-existent sound dampening abilities.  I can hear it clearly from 5 feet away when it is sitting on a hard table and I can hear it on my wrist as I type this review.  I have read this complaint about other Timex watches in the Expedition series.  Timex really needs to stop manufacturing this watch until a simple design tweak is made to dampen the noise.  I only give this a 3 star review because the watch beyond this one big problem is so awesome.
The watches look is great, it looks simple yet effective. I wear the watch almost everyday because it looks so simple yet it sends the sleek message. The only issue i had with it is that i had to send in a defective one because it stopped working and only the indiglo feature worked. The second one did the same thing but after i dropped the watch once it worked and i had no issues with it. Overall, i believe the watch is worth it.
This is a simple, everyday watch at a fair price.  The Indiglo feature is a great asset and the green dial is a good addition to my collection.
This is an inexpensive, but quite decent watch. What do you expect for $30? My only reservation is that the strap is not the ample. I am large boned and have thick wrists, and it barely fits. It may stretch a bit over time, but if it was just a little longer, it would accommodate a lot more people. The lighted dial function is nice. And of course, because it's quartz, it keep excellent time.
The watch is pretty cool looking. I like the green face and red sweep hand.
I'm sure the watch works fine, but is much smaller than described. The case diameter is listed at 40mm, but after checking the Timex site, it is only 37mm. This was too small for my taste and had to be returned.
You can't beat a Timex for value, but this watch turned out to appear rather small on my average size wrists. Plus to get the date correct on the dial takes forever. You have to take the hands through the 24 hour time period many times, even 30 times to arrive at the correct date!. Very annoying and lengthy process. I sent mine back.
Recib&iacute; el reloj en perfectas condiciones, me gust&oacute;. Sin embargo, no es en realidad como se ve en la foto, la correa es de un color claro, no c&oacute;mo se ve en la fotograf&iacute;a de la propaganda (un color obscuro acorde con el color de la esfera, que es verde oscuro), eso me desepcion&oacute;, deben revisar la foto y colocar una que se ajuste a la realidad, o mandar un reloj con el color de la correa que se ve en la foto.
I bought this in December 2010 and by April 2012 the band broke and the battery died.  It made it past the 1 year warranty - but that was about it.  Now I'm trying to decide if I should buy a new band and battery ($25) or buy a new watch for just a few bucks more. Kind of disappointing - I've never broken a band quite that fast - and I don't use the light, so I'm not sure why the battery died so fast.
I just recive my watch. It looks pretty simple wich for me is a plus, nothing to complicated, the strapp is very confortable, the weight is very light and in general is a good watch for the price. The only inconvenience that I had is that it feels like a cheaper watch and after I turn on the Indiglo I notice a little black line at the end of the watch (below the # 6) that doesn't turn on with looks bad.
What a great looking, inexpensive watch!!!I have this exact same watch, but the black version with a black face and black leather band.  I really wish I had seen this green version though, I like it MUCH better.  I've had it for about three years and it still looks great but the band is starting to show a little wear.  The quality of the leather on the band is surprisingly good given the price of the watch.  I saw some others say the band is stiff, which it is when it is brand new but when it is broken in, it will conform to your wrist.  I've got many compliments on this cheapie Timex.So why only three stars?  The Indiglo feature stopped working about 8 months ago for no reason at all.  It can't be the because of the battery because the watch still keeps perfect time.
I wanted a watch for travel with the 24 hour clock numbers and the date at a reasonable price. This watch fits the bill but it seems smaller than I am used to. Also the band is marginally comfortable but acceptable. The glow feature is useful.
The listing said two garment bags were included. When only one was shipped, the seller said Amazon made a listing error. At that point it was too late for me to return it since I needed it for a trip, so I wound up with half of what I thought I was getting.  The garment bag itself is just fine.
I think these are fine for protecting clothing you're storing off-season at home, or if you're travelling in the car.  Certainly not meant for air travel...kind of flimsy, but then they are inexpensive.
I was trying to replace an old bag which had a zipper that went all the way to the top opening, so you could slip it over a group of hanging clothes.  When I realized that this bag's zipper went only to the shoulder, thus making it much more difficult to load and unload, I returned it.
It was not durable and tore after a few trips. It worked well for the first few trips but I could have overloaded it with uniforms.
For what it is and what it costs, it's great! I don't travel much for work, so this should get my by until I'm on the road more. If you are a frequent traveler, though, I could see this not being the best solution. It's a great garment bag, but with heavy use I could see problems. Still a great purchase for the infrequent business traveler!
it not as long as i thot it was my full botton wedding dress could not fit in it or the train with out being folded.
The package arrived right on time. The package was well packed and showed no signs of damage. The product when we took out measured as it says in the description. My wife immediately put it to its intended use. So far works just fine.
Arrived on time and in ok condition for the product material.  It is not as sturdy as it looks and would recommend buying something else.
This product is adequate for the price.  I should have ordered a shorter size.  The size I ordered is for a long garment like a wedding dress, evening gown and awkward for putting in a car trunk. My mistake.
I just don't like where the zipper is located on the site panel - it's awkward to open and add/remove items.
Ok for occasional travel. Will use it in closet. Does not look like it will take being tossed around much. Wally bag purchased is much nicer. Cost more but much better constructed
It is cheaper quality than I expected , but not bad for the price. Was a very smooth transaction. If it was made with thicker heavey duty material I would have given it 5 stars.
Not nearly as nice as we were expecting for the price-when compared with other online bags.  The material is decent but definitely feels like plastic.  The most annoying part is that you can only put stuff in through the side.
the bag is not as sturdy as I would like for it to be and I wish the zipper went all the way up to make it easier to get the clothes out.
It is an inexpensive and functional Garment Bag and it was delivered on time with no issues or unexpected problems. I am satisfied with the item for the price.
I bought this bag because I need one on the fly and I knew Amazon could deliver. However, after traveling and seeing other bags I have noticed how much better other bags are. This bags meets the basic needs, but misses the mark on nice perks. So, if you don't do much traveling and just need a simple bag have at it. If you travel frequently, then look else ware, since you can find other products that better meet your needs.
I ordered the garment bag as a last minute travel accessory.  It arrived VERY quickly!  For the price, it is fair quality but not for actual travel purposes.  The zipper did not hold up.  I would recommend the product if the purpose is to &#34;store&#34; clothing in closet, etc. but not for &#34;travel&#34;.  In retrospect, I should have purchased a more substantial product at a higher price.
Price was excellent for the value. Shipping was high. Item was shipped promptly and arrival condition was excellent. Will work perfectly for the longer woman's items.
I like the quality and it fit most of our clothes--women coats, etc. & husband's pants & shirts.  Hubby had a complaint, because he had to load & unload each room move, found it to be clumsy, probably because of the slickness of material.  For a single person's clothes probably not so bad.
I bought these socks for a costume, and they definitely worked: nice and warm, bright colors. The only problem is they run small, and they are quite long, so the tops of them ended up cutting off the circulation to my knee after a few hours. One time I fell asleep in them, and it genuinely hurt taking them off. Don't do that.
Nice watch, so cutecool. The only thing is that the background is darker dan whay it seems in the picture.(DARK BLUE NAVY).The strap is extremly secure and it looks like 50`s or 70's watch.. no rain ressist no water, the crystal gets all foggy,,GOD BLEsS YOU.ES UN RELOJ PRECIOSO. LO UNICO ES QUE EL FONDO DEL RELOJ ES MAS OSCURO DE LOS QUE SE VE EN LA FOTO, ES COMO UN AZUL SUPER OSCURO, LA CORREA ES SUPER SEGURA pero el la lluvia y  con el agua se empa&ntilde;a el CRYSTAL ...DIOS te bendiga..
Swimsuit was a good fit.... not supportive for bigger bust and absolutely no butt support. stomach was tight but fabric around rear sagged. I know women differ in body much, but this suit didn't fit well for my shape. The fabric is thick and I was impressed by that. :)
These were not the hose I was looking for, but they are working out just fine!  In fact, I think I will be ordering more soon.
It is hard to use this without doing some damage to the case.  I was expecting something that is easier to use. The cutting edge can easily cut into the case.
arrived as promised. blade  thicker than i expected . worked on one watch with some difficulty,maybe my fault as i'm used to using screwdrivers or knives . finally got the hang of it
Worked ok for me.  Wish there was some sort of guard to protect you hands if it slips as it is pretty sharp.  The reason for the 3 stars is that I wish the blade at the end was a bit thinner.  It works after a bit of struggling and is ok for the price.
I am left handed and can't use it. Beveled for right hand use. Common problem for us lefties.  My husband uses it for me so I can still get the batteries changed in my watches.  He likes it.
I struggled getting the back of of my way no and scratched it, but eventually I was able to replace the battery. I'm not sure there isn't a finer one that would work better
I got this hoping it might allow me to open watch backs a bit more easily than the small screwdriver kit I've been using in the past.  No such luck. It might help if I really knew what I was doing.
I like the heft of the SE watch case knife. It feels like a solid keep it for a life time tool. However, mine arrived with a bent point. It came in an un-damaged plastic envelope and there was no indication that it was damaged in shipping so I can only guess that it went into the box damaged. The tip was easy to re-sharpen but I can't in all honesty give high marks for a product that can't be used without "fixing".This is another necessary tool for anyone who has a lot of battery operated watches and changes them him/herself. Yes, the bent tip is a minor quibble and yours probably won't arrive like mine.
it doesn't work. I could't open my watch case yet.My watch is Casio. I don't know why it can't open my watch.
It's nice to have an actual watch opener when you need it and not risk your safety with a pocket knife.
There must be an easier way to open a watch; this works on some but not on all my watches.  It's so frustrating trying to find a good Watch Knife that will easily open ALL my watches without scratching them to pieces.  This is good quality, my only concern is it's a bit thick to open all of my watches.
This is a case of getting what you paid for. Considering the price I cannot complain, as it was able to eventually open watch cases better than anything I already had. Using it I learned a lot about opening cases, as I wound up initially scratching a few case backs before I got them open. Sometimes the problem just seemed to be with the particular watch. You will need instructions, so I strongly recommend viewing how to videos online before attempting to remove any cases. There may be much better tools but I would guess they are much more expensive. After a lot of practice I did get better using the tool.
I could not open my watch with this knife.  There is a little inlet and the knife is too thick.  Perhaps jeweler's have a set of different size knives.  The handle is made well.
usable with adequate steel. blade bevel is a bit short but it can be worked down to a better angle.
Seems to work fairly well, but not much better that a small jewelers screwdriver. I also bought a Snappy Case Opener and it works much better than this product.
I bought a great big fanny pack and used it until it broke and was looking for a replacement but this one was way too small for my liking.  I called customer service and talked to Nathan who was most helpful and recommended a couple other ones that they had at the [...]  site where Amazon sent me to my goal.  Thanks to Nathan he chose a much better choice for me and am using it as we type.  He sent me return instructions but after I thought about it it would be cheaper to keep it and I will probably give it out as a gift, as there are no problems with the product.  It is of very high quality and I'm sure that my nephew will love it!
This nursing nest is fantastic for larger breasted women or bigger babies. My son was a 6lbs seven ounces just to compare.  Personally, it was kind of a struggle getting my son to be able to reach me. I had to really lean into it in order for him to be able to nurse. I felt like I was stretching my breast out. I wish I could have used it but unfortunately by the time he would have been the perfect size I had already stopped breast feeding. But for "larger" women this is perfect to use while on the computer or to give your back a break.
I've used the umbrella maybe 5 times since i purchased it and it has already started leaking. I'm pretty disappointed because otherwise, it has been great: small size, easy to open and close.
See update below.This pack is well designed overall although the zippers could be improved. The rectangular shape provides much greater actual capacity than the styles that are shaped like a shallow or wide "V". An eyeglasses case can almost stand up inside the main compartment.The outer nylon fabric seems very sturdy although only time will tell for sure.The one design flaw I see is the zippers. They are stiff and tight. They do not zip open and closed easily. Some take two hands - one to pinch the fabric behind the szipper and the other to pull the zipper handle. Zippers are more effective when they easily pull open or closed. I lubricated two of the zippers with some solid silicone lubricating stick and this seemed to help quite a lot.I would probably buy it again although I must admit that I would look around first for similar styles with smoother zippers.Update after using for several months.The stiff zippers got annoying. I purchased some High Sierra lumbar packs that are equally or more spacious, have smooth-operating zippers, have more pockets, and have more-friendly features such as clip loops, key ring clips, cell phone/MP3 player cord access. See:Passport: High Sierra Passport Lumbar PackExpress: High Sierra Express Waist PacksEnvoy:High Sierra Envoy Lumbar Pack
The fit was fine.  The leather is hard to break-in so I have not worn the shoes w/o  stockings--which defeats the purpose of summer shoes.  I did not have this issue w/ the bronze color in the same size/style.
I read reviews, and they made it sounded like the shoes stretched out a lot, so I ordered a half size smaller, but was way too tight.But like the looks of the shoe.
Got it in time for an outdoor wedding, but I wish there would have been a half size smaller option.
cute shoes but the left one fell apart after one wear!  looks like inferior leather. The shoes were comfortable and the right one was perfect!  would buy again but probably go to a store instead of purchasing on line.
I received the shoes when expected. I liked the shoes but they were too big so I sent them back for a smaller size. After a month I called  to see when they would arrive after being put on hold for along time I was told they were out of stock and I would not  be receiving them.
These are great shoes, versatile, comfortable and classic. But...they are very short and I had to return the first pair and order a second in a half size larger.
These run too narrow over the arch of the foot. Keep this in mind when ordering.Aside form that they seem well constructed and comfortable.
Guess if you want something light this is OK but not reccommended for shopping or lots of walking.  The slits are awkward and my toes tend to slip through when I walk steadily.  Never had much luck with these and I guess that is still the case.
I have purchased a number of softspot shoes because they are really comfortable and usually spot on with regards to size.  That being said, I ordered these in my normal size 9, but they fit like a size 10.  The workmanship on these is not as you would expect, too.  The leather is thinner, with an almost flimsy feel.Rats, they looked so nice in the photo.  I wanted to love them.
I liked the shoes but for some reason the left one was a full size bigger than the right.  I would chalk it up to a random quality control issue but who knows.  I had to send them back.  Would have been a great summer shoe.
Totally shocked that a brand like this doesn't have some sort of arch support.  Reminds me of why I usually stick to my usual tried and true brand.  Expected better and am disappointed in fit.  Will go find some support as I really like the shoe otherwise.
These shoes are great if not for getting the wrong size, as I now find out. I ordered a half size bigger than what I normally wear, so when these arrived yesterday, I tried them on. I ordered Size 7.5 M (US) which is what I order for CLARKS, and these shoes fit are smaller. Other than the fit, I really like the look of the shoes as well as the quality of the leather used to make it, so I do hope I can exchange the ones I received for a size that fits better. If these fit, I am sure I would be quite happy with them. Just be aware that the size as posted can either run a half size larger or smaller. Mine was the latter.I will change or put up another review for this once this is resolved.
This is a great-looking shoe.  However, this is no arch support, so it gets uncomfortable.  With better support, this could be an outstanding shoe.
SOFTSPOTS SHOES ARE VERY COMFORT, BUT THIS PAIR I HAD TO RETURN, BECAUSE THE SHOES WERE TOO LONGAND TOO WIDE.
It was ok but I ended up sending it back. It seemed kind of cheaply made for the cost. Picture color was deceiving when I got it seems it was kind of orange instead of the nice tan depicted.
The bag is very nice except i have to struggle to fit my laptop in it. If you have a smaller laptop it would be perfect but mine is just a little too big. Other than that, the bag itself is very nice!
Very nice women's top.  However, it runs very slim so only order if you are very slender or in the petite size range.
I bought these boots for the hills and woods we have around here.  they are light weight and would be good for walking if the fit wasn't so wide... which is a trend I've noticed lately, when trying to buy boots, perhaps we've become a fat footed Nation?  At any rate these are made in USA which is more than I can say for most of the Chinese Justin or Tony Lama boots these days.  I'm going to keep them for work in the flat an around barnyard because the price was right but I'm going to need something other for the woods-
A little challenge to get it attached, but it did fit OK.The band itself is as stiff as a piece of cardboard - barely flexible at all.  It's only been two days - hoping it 'breaks in' at some point.Also a much lighter color brown than the picture.  Doesn't really match how I had hoped, but choices were limited.
I ordered this purse for my mom for Christmas 2005.  It is definitely not an everyday purse. Best kept for those special evenings out.  I recommend opening it up and letting it air out. There was a strong adhesive smell when I first received it.  Overall I would recommend this product.
I'm the type who doesn't like to wear a wrist watch and who dresses casually almost always, so this works best for me. This piece is accurate and doesn't get in the way. Don't expect accuracy from the compass. For the price the piece is more than adequate.
I was looking for a fun, lighthearted, colorful ring, and this almost fit the bill. However, the picture provided doesn't show the shape of each ring, which is a trapezoid shape rather than a rectangle, which I was expecting. The shape made it a bit awkward to wear. I ended up returning it.
Pros:-Can fit a ton and still slips easily into the frig.-sippy cups (for kids) can be placed in bag upright.-Great colorCons:-Leaks-Leaks-Oh did I mention that it leaks.-Not that easy to clean (but does get clean if you want to run it through the dishwasher)If you have a leak in your lunch it will quickly leak out of the lunchbox and on to your car floor, refrig, etc.
The handle comes up way to far and makes it look obnoxious when pulling it.  We returned ours right away.  Just not right.
These socks are very sheer and of good quality.  There is " elastic at the top of the wide band.  The elastic left a compression mark just above my ankle which is about 7-1/8".  I prefer non-binding socks.
I bought my Jewel Jet directly from the maker and was happy with it for a brief time.  It began to "spit" burning hot water even when no water had been added, so it eleminates the theory that the unit was too full. Two years later, my Jewel Jet is unusable because of smoke, not steam, seeping through the button on top.  There is no doubt that this is an electrical issue.
I got this for my ex-gilfriend, but it wasn't what she'd wanted.  Apparently this device is only meant to be used after you've already washed your jewelry in one of those sonic cleaners.  It gets the dirt of out of little cracks the sonic cleaner couldn't into.  I think this is probably obvious to discerning women, but to any guys who just don't know, make sure to get your girl a sonic cleaner first if she doesn't already have one.
I collect carousel charms made of all kinds of materials. I would like to be able to see what the figures on this charm are, but the picture is so unclear that I can't tell if they are horses or something else. Too bad, if it were horses I would buy it.
They don't lie about the size, but seeing is believing.  This charm is SMALL.  Don't think it compares to Flavor Flav's clock!  I bought it for my sister and I'mma really have to impress how valuable it is because the size may lead viewers to think something different.  Having said that, if you know Black women who love them some Nefertiti, then this would be a great gift for them.  If you or they feel that "less is more," then you will be pleased.  I actually may keep buying copies and giving it as presents to dah sistahs.
The tweed color socks were much better than the solid color--better fit. I was looking for a knee sock that was long enough (I'm only 5'4") and one that would hug my leg and not slide down. That wasn't the case with the solid color socks but the tweed color was fine.
The quality that matters to me most is the material, whether it is comfortable enough. But this sock is just not soft enough...But the stretch and shape and otherwise is OK. I'm a bit disappointed because it was thin and a bit hard to feel like.
These solid color knee socks came with a tag that listed about 30% bamboo fiber content.  Online, the fiber content is listed as 70% cotton, 23% nylon, and 1% spandex; there is no mention of bamboo.This was a disappointment to me because I have had previous negative experience with  a pair of socks with a high bamboo content: they wore a hole in the heel much quicker than a pair of mostly cotton knee socks (these cotton socks were a heather color, also from Hue) which I puchased at the same time.  Each pair of socks was given the same wear for a few months, and the bamboo ones wore out surprisingly fast.  I am still using the cotton ones. Bamboo fabric is also cooler to the touch than cotton (bamboo is more like silk in this respect).This is my way of warning others who would like to test the new fibers: if your heels get rough in winter, choose cotton rather than bamboo, if you want your socks to last more than one season.Still, I am grateful to be able to purchase knee socks online, since they are a hard-to-find item in the stores.  I also liked it that Hue gave free shipping and handling and a discount when I ordered six pairs of socks at one time (in January 2009).What I would like is for the online fiber content to be accurately listed.
These socks look and feel great. They go up high enough to keep my legs warm under my pants; however, I have to repeatedly pull them as they have fallen down around my ankles. I don't imagine that can be fixed in any way.
these socks are very good quality and they're not bulky at all perfect to wear with all types of shoes, but unfortunately they don't stay up and just stretch and fall down after a few hours of wear. but i still like them.
I have been wearing this brand of sock for over 30 years, but am looking at other brands now.  The Canterbury arrived with loose threads and threads that did not appear dyed.  Loose and uncolored threads continue to appear at the top periodically and I trim them with scissors. On the positive side, the socks stay up about as well as most and don't appear to be fading.  The cotton blend is comfortable and cooler than all synthetic socks.  Not a terrible sock, but I am looking for something better, with quality like this brand used to provide.
My husband has worn Gold Toe for years, but these were a bit disappointing. They ran a little small, and the stretch was minimal. Probably wouldn't order them again, but okay enough to keep and not send back.
Before you buy Gold Toe socks off the internet make sure and look at a local store to see what version (i.e.- Canterbury) you want.  I thought that Canterbury was what I wanted.  However, it is VERY thin and, according to the tag, all cotton.  Not what I was expecting.
After a couple of years the heels are falling apart and away from the body of the sock, for some strange reason. Unbelievable for these high prices.
The socks were longer than expected and a different style than expected. But still a good product. Just not the same as the picture described.
I have purchased Gold Toe Canterbury dress socks from a department store, Gold Toe outlet and now Amazon. The socks purchased here are clearly thinner than the two other same style socks. Perhaps Gold Toe makes more than one Canterbury style. For the price worth chacking them out, but not a reorder here.
They fit well. They're comfortable. But one of the pairs already has a hole worn through after only 6 months. I wear these to work to sit at a desk all day. They should last more than six months. Maybe just bad luck, but I can't recommend them because of that.
I was already familiar with the brand and was happy to see that it is still very good. Unfortunately, I ordered half dozen blak/half dozen blue but got only a dozen black.
These are not as good quality as a brown set I ordered a few years ago. They do not stay up very well and the material seems cheap.
The socks are just okay.  They fit and the color is perfect.  I just wish the fabric was softer - I don't like the feel of them - yet once there on - comfortable.  Update - after washing..they got softer.
Let me begin with a rant about sock sizing. I've always thought it ridiculous when sock makers claim to fit shoe size 6-12.5.  That's impossible.  For anyone wearing shoe size less then 10, it means the heel of the sock will be somewhere on the back of your leg.  For my size 8.5 feet, I long ago gave up on buying men's 6-12 socks (10-13 sock size).  I've had quite a bit of success buying boys size Large dress socks at Target in blue. But apparently nobody makes boys brown dress socks, so I was stuck with these.  They are okay, certainly not a great value. The heel is prominently displayed on the back of my leg as expected.  They are much taller than I expected - just below the knee on me.
These socks fit well but did not keep feet dry like a sock with more cotton.  Would not buy again for that reason.
I dont know exactly why, probably reviews, but I expected a thicker sock.  Its a good all around thin dress sock.
I love Gold Toe socks.  They are comfy and stay up.  These socks are a nice, deep brown, almost black.  Perfect for work without looking like an old man with lighter brown socks.These are right up there in comfort and elasticity, but, after one wash, they look pretty worn and shrunk.  Still comfy, but makes me a little worried about their ability to last.  I washed and dried both on permanent press cycle.  If they wear out prematurely, I'll come back with an update!*Update*Well... These have worn well except for one pair. Odd. Appears that one pair from the pack was a defect.
These socks were a little thinner than I expected and as others have mentioned,the color is a lot closer to black than it is to brown. These socks do not stay as as well as other Gold Toe socks I've purchased.
I am not particularly happy with these socks.  They are a bit tight in the ankle and have more elastic in the top than I like.  They work OK in summer with close fitting shoes, and I do use them, but I am always happy to take them off when I get home. I have worn gold toe crew type socks for many years and like them, but these don't suit me so well. For people with thinner ankles and calves they might be just fine, they are relatively dressy.
I looked all over the internet for a support belt - I read that having one after major abdominal surgery (c-section) was helpful. . . When I asked one of the nurses before I went in, she discouraged me from purchasing one, because she said that I might get dependent on it. I would rely on the belt instead of working on strengthening my stomach muscles (this is a lady that has had 3 c-sections herself).So I had my c-section, was in the hospital for 4 days after, and thought, "this isn't so bad! I don't need the belt," but then I came home and the pain medications started to wear off. My stomach was still pouchy in the front, and just by trying to walk upright, my back hurt. . . SOOO. . .I bought the belt.It helps if you do not rely on it. I used it for back support, and lower stomach support. This isn't comfortable enough to wear for extended periods of time. . . and when I first put it on, it was snug - after pregnancy, you're still "pregnant"!PROS:- Back support for after c-section or major abdominal surgery- Holds waistline in- Semi-invisible under clothing- Made entirely of stretchy elastic- Could stretch the velcro all the way over and fastenCONS:- Rolls down/shifts during wear- Not super comfortable- The length is a little too short - it would probably fit better if it was contoured or longer in height- Not enough support after vaginal deliveryI don't think I would recommend this item - not comfortable enough, or practical enough. Keep in mind that this product probably doesn't have enough support if you're looking for a "corset" style support belt.
I was really pleased with this when it first arrived.  The fit was really good; structured shoulder, fitted through the torso.  The graphic was good too, crisp, clean, simple.  Lots of people noticed it and complimented it.The first time I washed it (cold water, gentle cycle,) the screen printed white cross completely fell apart, leaving it looking like a years-old sweatshirt.  Perhaps this was just a fluke that only applied to my shirt, but I don't know for sure.  And I have not contacted the company to give them the opportunity to replace it; I have just been too busy, so that is my bad.I still wear it just for chores around the house, but it is disappointing that it just did not hold up for me.
I bought the hat as a replacement for one that was lost. This is a knock-off of that design and while perfectly adequate is not as good and the designation one size fits most is less true then I had hoped.
the bag itself is nice but way too big. it is suitable for a bigger guy but not for me.
I bought this item because I dread toe shoes. But let me get to the point:pros:1. These pads REALLY helped cushion my weight. I can still feel the floor, but the pain has dramatically reduced. (I only tried it out though, I haven't used it through a class yet)2. You can trim the pads to size so that it doesn't show outside of the toe shoes.3. For the price, I think it's great. But I haven't tried any other toe pads so I don't know if it's better than the other gel pads.cons:1. It cushions the toes, but it's also thick at the pointe, so I probably need to buy a pair of new shoes half size smaller.2. It doesn't look as pretty as the pictures. In fact it almost looks cheap, but hey, it does what it's there to do.3. This comment is more on Discount Dance Company than the item itself. The toe pads came in at a reasonable time and shipping didn't take long, but when I opened the USPS package box, the item was open. There is a plastic box the item belongs in, as well as the cardboard tag that comes with it, but all three items were separate, leaving the tag and the toe pads outside of that plastic box. It made me wonder whether the pads are really new, or returned goods.I hope this helps.
This is an excellent case for mobile office if you want to use it between home-office (for example) or travel by car.CON is that it is NOT a reasonable airplane carry-on.Overhead storage - this bag's just Too thick (even unexpanded) to put in an overhead bin (US domestic flights, coach).  Full of a laptop & elect. sundries + some files & paperwork, it's also bulky/heavy, so overhead bin storage is pretty much a can't do at all or a very tough cram.Under airplane seat was equally as lousy - took all available space, very hard & awkward to even get it there and then I was miserable.I didn't use it as a plane carry-on but twice, then gave up.Otherwise:  it's a great bag that I now use on a daily basis (only locally).  It manages & rolls very well & holds everything you could need - stores laptops & electronics securely & safely, and provides additional well organized space for files, paperwork, pens/pencils and any sundries including personal 'stuff' (purse, keys, etc.).
I was super excited when I received this product. The hat and booties were adorable. The hat fit great. The booties, however, have yet to stay on my daughter's feet. The design of the booties make them easy to come off, so I have stopped using them. I am not too disappointed as I did not pay much for the products.
I don't this its as cute as it appears in the pictures. Its acceptable looking with the color being on the duller side. The booties are too big and oddly shaped. They don't stay on my newborn for 5 seconds even, they just slip right off coz they are so loose and odd shaped.
Cute but made very cheaply. Giving it as a gift ill know how it holds up when she uses it!
The hat is adorable, but the socks are just weird and don't fit. We never actually used them. I would probably purchase again those for the adorable little hats, they were perfect for photos!
Not for babies with hair. Very very small. Baby was only about to wear for a couple of weeks. This would be great for premies or small babies.
Softer than Russian toilet paper but not as soft as cotton. They get the job done and if one gets stained beyond use I am not going to lose sleep about throwing one away.After washing, they are much softer than straight out of the box.Excellent for nose-blows. Poor for cleaning glasses.Not the best I have used, but they are, after all, just cheap hankies.
I bought these to embroider for my wedding (for myself, members of the bridal party, moms, etc)and these seemed like the plainest ones available so I bought them. They are the perfect size and the faint lines are not too noticeable. They are also a very good size, as I was looking at dimensions for handerchiefs a lot of them seemed huge, but these were just fine for what I needed.
I was astonished to find a sterling silver chain for such a low price.  Maybe it was just the chain I ordered, but the clasp broke after less than two months of gentle use.  It looks good, lays well and you can't beat the price, but now the next box chain I buy will be at cost plus the price of this one.  Not fixable.UPDATE 2/15/2011:  The second chain we ordered from this company also broke with no force.  It's a nice chain, but we're moving on to a new brand.
I like the pretty lace on this camisole.  I also like how one side has a square neck while the other side has a V-neck, allowing for multiple styles of usage.  I like the length-- it falls to the hips, so I can tuck it in if I want to. (Camisoles are often too short for me, since I'm a DD cup.)My biggest complaint is that it is too loose in the waist! It hangs straight down; there's no natural curve to the shape, so it creates wrinkles under shirts.  I got 34, the smallest size available, and it's really loose. I don't like that.  I wanted something more form-fitting, something stretchy.The second complaint, which is more minor, is that the material is super thin and seems cheap.I don't necessarily regret buying it, but I would much rather have preferred a tighter fit.
It's well made and is a good buy for the price, but runs very large.  I wear a Size 34 in a bra, so I ordered the Size 34 in this camisole and it's way too big to wear under anything where I need a smooth line because it bunches up.  The photo makes it look very form-fitting, which it probably is if you can order down from your regular size.  A Size 30 would have been more appropriate for my needs.
I ordered the Only.Bagg Tote to use as a carry on for a European trip.  While it is sturdy and extremely attractive the interior zip compartment is the only usable section of the bag.  The side compartments close with magnetic fasteners which hold only so long as the compartments are empty.  I found the center compartment usable only when it was stuffed to the hilt.  The soft sided Baggallini Only.Bagg Tote just doesn't lend itself to being a carry on.  I much prefer my older bag in a pouch Baggallini's.
Mnetionned that the watch can't hold time.Casio is an old cie in the business could solve that problem. Hard to understand the fonctions of the watch.I had a problem setting the alarm.
UPDATE: Lately this watch has been resetting to default settings by itself (about once every 6-7 weeks). It has NOT been exposed to the elements and hasn't been roughed up. I get really angry when it loses all my settings, so you probably ought to look for a different watch than this one. The curved resin band is starting crack and will break on me any day now.I made the mistake recently of replacing a sturdy Casio (which lasted 17 years) with a Timex Ironman. The Timex lasted only 3 months. So I picked up another Casio. They're nice because their plus/minus degree of accuracy ADVANCES one second, not SUBTRACTING like the Timex per 24 hours. I like the display on this Casio. Unfortunately it includes some features I find useless and it's incovenient pressing the button over and over again cycling to find the mode you want. Too bad you can't override what you won't use. You have to expose it to the sun as it's solar-powered, and the backlight barely stays on long enough to glance at it. So, it's not the best, but the display looks nice and so far appears more dependable than the aforementioned Timex.
Those shoes are too large for a baby that cannot walk and are not designed to walk outside but only for indoor
FIRST OF ALL THE COLOR YOU HAVE ON THE SCREEN IS NOT THE ONE YOU MAILED TO ME.  ALSO, THERE WAS ONLY ONE COLOR OPTION BUT SOMEHOW YOU MAILED ME SOMETHING WAY LIGHTER THAN I EXPECTED.  I REALLY WANTED TO MAIL IT BACK BUT AFTER ALL I WENT THROUGH WITH THESE BOOTS, IT JUST WASN'T WORTH IT ANYMORE.  IT MAY BE A LONG TIME BEFORE I ORDER FROM AMAZON AGAIN.  YOU TOTALLY DECEIVED ME THIS
These are amazing except they are just overpriced slippers. Since there are no soles my child can't walk around outside. The other UGG with the sold uses a much less quality shearling material and they are not soft. A big shame.
These are adorable shoes, but they are more like slippers since there isn't any tread on the bottom.  So if your little one can walk and wears these outside, they will get really dirty.  They were tricky to put on straight and my daughter had trouble walking in them.  In hindsight, I don't think I'd pay this much for a pair of toddler shoes if I wasn't sure they'd get worn.
The legs are not 'slim' at all. That said the fabric quality is pretty good and for meatier people these are probably just fine.
I bought Docker classic from the store. It was for winter and plan to wear with long john inside. It was kind of big. the size is w32x l28.So, I bought docker slim w30. I can't find any L28 (which is perfect). So, I bought w30XL29. It was too small, I have to exchange with W32.  I got it yesterday and it fits well. But smaller than classic in waist although they are same W32 size.
Im a big guy but have always heard great things about Apha Khaki. I sized up one size more than normal and these pants fit great, like a glove. The waist and thigh were perfect but they were so slim cut and tapered straight through to the ankle that they looked like leggings on me. I just had to return them.
I have two other pairs of alpha khakis that fit exactly the same. The waist on the last pair is smaller/tighter.
The cut and color are great but it doesn't fit me - my other 34s fit fine.  Maybe it's just diet time...
My son is tall and thin (5'11', 135). These pants are definitely slim and seem to be shorter than his other 30/32 dockers. I'd order a larger size next time - perhaps a 31/32. Too bad they didn't come in 33&#34; length.
I bought the navy blue alpha slim at Nordstrom. Loved the fit, so I ordered these off Amazon. They fit just fine, but the fabric seems harder. Maybe because at a retail store the pants had been tried on and folded and refolded 100 times. I am hoping these significantly less expensive alpha slims from Amazon soften up sooner than later.
I would recommend the pants.The quality is good. My son needed this for a parochial school uniform. It's dressy enough not to be considered jeans . My son is very slim and he could wear them but kids like pants a bit loose.
I found these pants at Macy's, but the pair at the store had a stain on them so I decided to just purchase the same size on Amazon. For some reason, the ones on Amazon seem as though they are a whole inch shorter than the exact same length ones at the store. So that's a bit of a bummer.I still wear them though, because they're a solid pair of pants.
waist fit a bit smaller than dockers of the same size but different style, go with one size smaller than normal if you wear dockers
Early on in 2013 I had purchased a black version of these pants and noticed that the was fading away and it was becoming brown. I went to very warm areas and thought that traveling may have caused it (To my own stupidity) but was wrong. I bought the same black pants 2 months later and the same thing is happening to them. The thigh area and up to the knees begin to fade and lose its Black color which make it turn this Redish-brown color. I've purchased multiple colors of this version of jeans and they look great.... Only their black color alpha khaki seems to be the problem, So just a heads up.Hopefully I'll get in touch with them and they will be able to exchange them out for me.
I liked the pants just hated the size of length. The pants were a slim fit but it was too short especially when I sat down.
It shows different size with the same model but different color. It is longer than my other pants. They are same brand and model.
These pants don't really have any flex and aren't recommended for guys with big butts. I regularly feel like a) I'm walking like Forrest Gump and b) I'm gonna split my pants want time I bend anything below my waist.
I ordered a pair of these khakis off of Amazon and, much to my dismay, they wound up being too small in the waist. This is somewhat confusing considering that I tried on the exact same pair of pants at a local clothing store and they fit perfectly fine, so I'm guessing that the Amazon versions tend to run a bit on the small side. Just a fair warning.That said the pants are serviceable, I guess, though definitely nothing I would wear in hopes of impressing anyone. The material is much more stiff and canvas like than I'm used to finding in this style of slacks, and their tagline of "where jeans end and khakis begin" seems to be pretty appropriate. Even my uniqlo blue jeans are more soft and supple than these are.All in all I would say these are fine for day to day use in the office, and I really do like the fit, but if you're looking for something with a little more pinache then you might have better luck elsewhere.
The rest of the pants were way to tight.  I'm not a big guy.  5'10&#34; 160 lbs with a rather slender frame and these pants were still uncomfortably tight.  They would be close to wearable if you never planned to keep anything in the pockets.
The 34 waist was a bit tighter than expected compared to a 34 waist on Levi's that fit more comfortable
Been looking for a pair of pants to supplement my APC denim when I want to wear something lighter in warm weather. The Dockers Alpha pants have gotten some attention from style blogs because apparently Dockers sent a bunch of people free pairs of pants to review. After receiving my pair that I purchased through Amazon (Dark Pebble 32x30) I have a few thoughts to contribute to those looking for a versatile pair of pants that can be worn like denim. First, the fit of the Alphas is great as far as khakis go. Usually khakis are loose, even when labeled "slim fit", with a drape similar to dress trousers. The Alphas are cut like a slim, european style denim. They hug the legs close and will be a little higher in the crotch and rear seat area. This was a fit I was looking for and am happy in that regard. I also like the color selection and the coin pocket on the right side. Nice touches.However, the areas I am not happy with are first, the material of the pants. The cotton used is rough and cheap feeling. Perhaps I can wash the pants several times to soften them up, but I don't think that would solve the problem. In the Alpha's actual retail price range (not Amazon price), I expected the material to be closer to something like a J.Crew style chino; soft and on the mid/heavy side of weight. In my opinion, the material on the Alphas is comparable to Old Navy khakis; rough and crinkly like a cotton tarp (not to be confused with the rough fabric on work pants like Dickies which will soften over time). When I wear the Alphas, the area behind the knees and around my lower thigh immediately create spiderweb-like creases. The material doesn't have much give if I squat down - I feel like my knees could rip through the fabric. If I get on my bike and attempt to pedal, I'm conscious of the thinness of the material around my knee and obviously, elsewhere. The pants don't appear like they could handle abrasion on a day-to-day level without getting holes. I suppose if I was to just wear the pants to an office and sit or stand most of the time, I would be less concerned, but I work as a photographer so I'm sitting on studio or location floors, squatting a lot, working with lots of grip equipment and so don't think I'll be keeping the Alphas around to test out their durability.
The fit is generally good, but be aware that the legs of these slacks are still rather wide at the bottom for a slim fitted pair of slacks.  That for me was a drawback.
The pant is expensive for the quality you get.I am about 5' 9'' weigh 140 lbs and i usually wear size 30x32When I received the size 30x32 the waist was entirely too big and the pants tend to sag.I have to return the item and figure out the best waist size.Not true slim fit.
These pants are well made, a good understated grey, and I wear them on casual Friday.I ordered a 31/32.I am 6' tall and weigh 155 lbs (skinny), and I was hoping these would be a slimmer fit than they are.  They are not so baggy that I can't wear them, but if you're looking for a sleeker look these won't be for you.
I have purchased many pairs of dockers over the years and i have noticed as of late the stitching on both fly buttons unraveling, not breaking, with in the first month of wear.  after sewing them back on they are great, but i don't think i should have to sew the button back on to month old pants.  this has happened on the last 3 pairs i have purchased.
The pants fit as expected, but are so prone to wrinkles that they are not really usable to me. They came out of the drier wrinkled, and require an ironing every time they are washed/dried.
To slim for me but is a nice look and I apreciatte that. Thank you for your questionare required.Best regards
The size label on the left leg seemed to be glued on permanently and in an attempt to remove, it using water,and stain remover it left much of the paper behind rendering the pants useless.
I like you very much it's exactly how they described it I just wish the money clip was stronger to hold a little bit more amount of money so it does not slide out
All the reviews that mention the clip itself are not to be ignored.It does have all of the issues mentioned.  Things slip under it.  It keeps you from slipping cards all the way into their sleeves.These will be noticeable.Otherwise the product is useful.  It has not shown any issues with wear.If i had the option i would try something else, but i am not upset with the purchase.
Nice that it has many pockets but the clip is not well attached. My husband had to fix it many times until he finally just went out and purchased a new one.
Overall the wallet is pretty good, however the clear plastic piece that covers your DL cracked in just a few days.  I cut out the cracked area and the wallet is working fine after 3 months.
I bought this to replace one that I have had for about four years and the seemed to have changed the design a bit because the credit card pockets are not deep enough.
I liked the overall build of this wallet, but the money clip was disappointed and is pretty useless. It does not clip/stick closed and just &#34;swings&#34; open depending on orientation.
I've bought two of these sofar.  This is a nice, convenient way to carry credit cards, money etc. but i guess you can't put too much in it because the clasp has broken with both of them. At least it wasn't expensive.  By broken, i mean that the clasp is now loose.  It won't clamp down on my pants pocket anymore.  Hope this helps.
I've owned two of these so far, and the lifespan of these wallets is just not long enough to justify a 3rd purchase. I've always loved the style and size of this wallet; it's very functional and holds quite a bit.Unfortunately, the money clip always loosens after about a year of use. Also, under the money clip is a rubberized pad to provide friction to keep the bills from slipping out. Well, this rubber pad tends to lose its adhesive ability after about a year, and falls right off.It's a shame that there isn't a bit more quality put into these wallets as I do love the form factor.Update: Purchased the Bosca Nappa wallet as a replacement, and I have to say it's sooooo much better.Bosca Nappa Vitello Deluxe Front Pocket Wallet
A gift for my boyfriend. Nice money clip, but I wish the clip part held money tighter, Clasp is too easy to open.
Dopp makes great leather pieces and this is no different. It fits everything I need in a beautiful slim front pocket design. My only complaint is the money clip is not sprung tight enough. It stays in the open or closed positions fine but if you plan on carrying more than a few dollars it isn't going to keep it in place going in and out of a hip pocket. Since that is the main purpose for a wallet like this I'd say I'd give it 4 1/2 stars if the clip was spring loaded.
I am Shanghai' buyer ,it is too larger when received it , anyway hold two years and be a gift to my son.
Tank began to leak where it is attached to base at the  beginning of second season (fifth month). Called Air-O-Swiss customer service directly. Tank warranty....three months. Want granule replacement, not total cartrige replacement......out  of stock. What does "replace after one year" mean? One season or twelve months. Response, "one season", (four months). "Once the silverstick dries out, it is deactivated."It was suggested that I use the heat option because it would sterilize the water.How hot does it get! Doesn't that use a lot more wattage?........."No" Actually it uses like three times more, and forget about sterilization.Can't handle a large room. But it is quiet,water lasts 12 hours, nice looking.Where can I buy Air-Swiss locally.....Central New York ?
I have an Air-o-Swiss humidifier that came with one of these, but I don't think I'll replace it because it's ridiculously expensive.Both silver and copper have antimicrobial properties, so I know it does some good, but I think I'll try to clean it or replace it with maybe a dozen clean pennies before I shell out $30.
I purchase one of these about every 6 months for my Air-O-Swiss steamer which I adore. Is the micorbial inhibitor doing it's job? I have NO IDEA. I don't know that there's a way to tell. ???
Haven't used this yet but it looks identical to the one that came in my humidifier.
Disappointed with this bag. Quality was poor then again it wasn't expensive either.  I have ordered other Great American bags and have been happier with them.Thanks
these are pretty cool, but don't expect them to last long. They unravel pretty quick. good in cold weather though...
This product is very functional except the fact that it is much bigger than I imagined.  I am living out a back pack for the next three months and determining where this will go just got a little more interesting.  However, it does serve its purpose of carrying and protecting documents, but for two people only one is needed.
I bought these lockets for the little girls in my family. I thought they looked nice, and I liked the way they came with a template so they could cut out and insert pictures. The size and style seemed perfect for young girls! I was disappointed that my 7-yr-old niece managed to break her chain almost instantly.
I love these colors and wear them with a long shirt, but they are not made for someone with a booty.  They pull at the zipper.  I am usually a sz 0 and these are sz 3, so I am sure I didn't buy too small.
well, I got this top and its not totally bad. It does come with a built in bra but the problem, like all tube tops, is that it needs to constantly be lifted because it goes down a lot. I would suggest buying a size larger since it is short and you may need more room for your breasts in the bra.
I thought that a light on a watch was standard- and was surprised to see that it isn't. This makes it very difficult to see the time for me, especially since I am fairly sight impaired.  I would have bought a different one, had I realised there was no light.  This is not the seller's fault, but it was a disappointment to me.
I received this watch as a b-day gift, it's a descent enough everyday watch, nothing too fancy.  The 'easy' button on the band release can be both a blessing and a curse and sometimes the band will open unexpectedly but this could just be me not being used to wearing a watch.I like the blue face and the orange second hand is nice as it really stands apart from the face and other hands.  Date feature is pretty much standard these days but I do like the 24 hour clock as when you're setting the time/date, it helps out to know you're am/pm status.Haven't tried out the water feature yet and honestly, probably won't but always good to know it's there.  The watch does have a rotating 'ring' around the face with quarter intervals on it and perhaps this is my own ignorance but I don't know what this is for!  Some type of manual timer?  Not really sure and product documentation doesn't address it at all.Overall, it's a descent watch... does it's job and looks good.
The watch is great! Just what I was looking for. But not long after I got it the background animation stopped working. After a few months it randomly started working again. But that didn't last long. It's now stopped again. :( Kind of unsettles me. I would be very upset if this brand new watch just stopped working so soon after purchasing it.~Cathy
I don't think the previous reviews describe well enough that this suit in white is see-through wet or dry.  The cup lining/padding and the attached bottome is very discernible through the fabric even when the suit is dry.  The suit is very flattering though.  I am wishing I had ordered it in a different color.  Unfortunately, I will be returning the white one.
so i went swimming at a public pool today and found out the hard way that you can see right through the top part of the dress, but only when it gets wet.  it is a very cute swim suit and it gives just the right coverage for being a bigger girl.  i just wish that they would put a white piece of fabric up on the top part of the suit so that it would be appropriate to wear at a public pool.
when ordering jeans over the Internet.  I ordered a pair of these jeans in my regular size despite admonitions to order one size smaller (in my opinion, making jeans seem "smaller" by putting a size 12 label on a size 14 pair of jeans is ridiculous).  The jeans (Stonewash Indigo) came and by the second wearing had broken in enough that they were too big - fine, I will use them as housework pants.  I was happy with the overall fit so decided to order three more pairs in different colors in the smaller size.All three pairs are different sizes.  One pair fits like the pair I just bought, just smaller.  One pair is too small in the waist although they are supposed to be the same size.  One pair is too big in the waist so I have to keep pulling them up to avoid showing my "coin slot" - every one of these pairs of jeans is marked 12R32 - a size smaller than my "regular" size.These jeans are great if you can get them to fit - advice, avoid internet purchase and find them at a local store.  Otherwise, find a store with all the choices and order a range of sizes and return the ones that don't fit.
I was really looking forward to getting these pants.  It is difficult to find a long inseam with a regular rise, so I thought these, with all the fit options, would be great.  According to the size chart posted on Amazon, I fit exactly into the size 12 measurments, (I am usually a 10 or 12 depending on the manufacturer) so that is what I ordered. When they arrived, they were way too big.  They did look like nice, well cut jeans though.  I went online to the Wrangler web site to find a size chart with the hope of exchanging - but to no avail.  I then called and got a recording to leave a name.  The next day Wrangler called and the rep said one should usually size down - according to her chart she recommended ordering an 8.  I would have liked to see how these jeans would look if they fit right, but since I hate "the return process" and associated costs, and since I haven't worn an 8 pant in decades - I just didn't dare reorder.  So, they look like nice jeans but you may want to call and check the Wrangler size chart before you order.
Well made thick wool cap very warm but it itches (not recommended if you are bald)
the band was a little smaller this i thought it would been. it is a good gift for a pre-teen or a very slim lady.
This watch is really beautiful. I have worn Seiko watches for decades, and never had a problem with this, but this watch is really small. From the photo, it looks proportionate to the other Seikos I already own. I did not connect the metric measurements to equate to such a miniaturized version ... my mistake. If you are petite with tiny wrists, this watch would be a good choice.
But then, you won't see a line under close-fitting pants.  I wish they had a slightly longer inseam.  Then maybe they wouldn't ride up.
After reading general reviews on this item, I thought that it would make a significant difference after wearing it. As a size 7/8 (but I could fit in 5/6), I did not feel that it made a significant change to my body after putting it on. The suit does contour your waist, but it did nothing for my hips (which is one of my biggest problem areas). The bra did hold well, and I liked the option of convertible straps, but the suit was just very average. To me, it only looked like I possibly lost at most 3-5 pounds. I suggest that you look into others first before considering this one.
This is a high quality item,with super tightfabric,but I am a bit unsure,how anyone can"undo" and go bathroom?? I cut out thesnaps,since I need tummy & shape upstairs.Its got some bone type stitching on thesides. It is very very durable.
This body shaper was a little short, and I'm short (5' 2").  Otherwise it was a little big (in the bust, and not tight enough).  I might have ordered too big of a size so it could have been my own fault.  It IS made well and kept my jiggelies in place.
I am a 34B in all of my bras so I ordered this item by the sizing available, 34B, which was the smallest size available.  When received, the bra portion was way too big and the body of it was too big as well.  This was supposed to provide shaping, hold in what needed to be held in and it was just too big.  The material was very high quality and it was a nice item at a good price but the sizing info was just misleading.  I guess they think that a person size 5/6 doesn't need any type of shapewear.
This is a beautifully classic shoe and quality is nice.  The heel composition is the exception.  It is a hard, hard plastic or rubber.  It is very slippery on tile or brick floors.  Be careful.  As other reviewers indicated, the sizing is off.  Consider ordering a half size larger.
Very good quality.  I would have ordered another size, but this shoe runs small and a half-size larger was not available.
However, I ordered an 8.5 Wide, but it feels like an 8.5 Narrow. The wedged heel is also very hard. Somewhat disappointed.
These slippers run very narrow.  I don't want to go through the hassle of returning them so I have been wearing them in hopes that they will stretch a little.  They are beautiful slippers and exactly what I wanted, but the fit is not true to size.  If anyone plans to order these, I would order the next larger size.  I wear an 8 1/2 but I should have ordered a 9.
would love to try wearing these slippers!  On my 3rd order now for correct size, ordered .5 size bigger (8) too short, ordered 8.5 too short trying the 9 now ( and I wear a 7.5!) not giving up! Reviews are too good. /but keep this in mind when you are ordering. (narrow too so get the wide!)
I wear a size 7, this slipper runs a little small as all the other reviewers stated, Daniel Green was always a well made, great material slipper, made in the USA, why do all the great American companies have to resort to made in China. Having said that the bone color works the best for me as it has some give to it so the size 7 seems to fit okay.
My last pair of Daniel Green slippers (same model) are a size 6. I am hoping once the new pair stretches a little bit that my foot will slide in further and they will be okay.
These are not as I remember these slippers from the past. They run small. I read previous reviews so I ordered a half size bigger but I could have gone a full size. Would not recommend the color either. Too shiny!
I have this slipper and wanted to get a 2nd pair, but this time the (same size) was to small. I really like this slipper. Not sure if I will oder it again, I would really like to have it but not sure of about what size I should get. This is not what Daniel Green use to be...too bad...I really miss the old Daniel Green.
Beautiful color great feeling slipper for your feet.Beautiful slipper but better for narrow shoe sizes.  Not good for medium sizes.
The slippers tend to run about 1/2 size shorter than other shoes or slippers.
These slippers have nice support but run short & narrow. I usually wear a sz 9M, these I needed a 91/2W. I love them now.
slippers were too small. My daughter, Rebecca wetherly will be asking to exchange for a larger size.  Thanks, D. Kidwell
Wish they were leather lined, or even unlined. These are decent quality leather, they would be better served if they were completely made of leather. I would happily have paid more for them had they been leather lined. These won't last as long as they should, because of the lining.That said, these are nice, comfortable, and I like the look. It is just the lining that is a problem. It should really be leather.
Although we ordered the correct size. They seem to fit a little short therefore may cause problems at the heel.
I ORDERED 3 PAIRS OF THESE SLIPPERS IN SIZE 7M. I'VE WORN THEM FOR YEARS AND NEVER HAD A PROBLEM, BUT THIS TIME THEY ARE WAY TOO SMALL. I TRIED ON THE PEWTER ONES FIRST ---IT'S A NEW COLOR FOR ME ----BUT THE GOLD AND THE WHITE ONES ARE NOT COMFORTABLE EITHER.. i WILL HAVE TO RETURN THEM ----RELUCTANTLY-----BECAUSE I REALLY LOVE THIS STYLE AND AM PUZZLED ABOUT WHAT SIZE TO ORDER FOR A CORRECT FIT.
My mother really liked the shoe, however it was too small.  I had to return and order a half size larger.  It was still a tad bit short and tight, but hopefully it will stretch a little after wear.
Reordered in larger size. Normal shoe size 7-1/2. Daniel Green size 9 wide.Great slipper, but need to order a size and a half larger than normal
I consider these sandals somewhat small for extra wide feet and will consider not purchase in the future. Thank you
Nice design, runs small. I remember my mom always wearing these. A well known quality brand. However, they run  small. I tried to wear to stretch them out but that didn't happen. Size up.
I received these these very nice sandals pretty quickly and intended to use them as house slippers.  They are well made and good quality, but they are not for me.  I will give them to my daughter.At first, I found them a little small, even though I ordered a Wide size, but they eventually stretched to size and felt more comfortable at first, so I thought I had a winner. After wearing them for a couple of hours, I find that the inside is hard and hurt my feet.  I know that I have particularly sensitive feet, and was looking for something more comfortable to wear. I hope that my daughter will enjoy them more than I do.
These run very narrow and are not really all that attractive in real life. I will be returning them soon.
Good quality and craftsmanship,  leather provides sturdiness and class. Very comfortable insole cushion with nice heel lift for shrinking grandmother.
I usually wear a size 6.5 (US) and I ordered a 7 just to be safe but sadly my feet were not narrow enough to fit in the front.
I'm buying this product for 10 years. Initially each pair lasted 15-18 months, than about a year. The last time I had to re-order the slippers after 6 months only. The padding, especially in the toe ares, loses support after a week. The elegant look stays the same, but the duarbility and comfort are not there any longer.
I love Daniel Green Glamour II Mule, but you need to know that it does not run true to size.  I would generally be a 9N, but wear 10N in this slipper.  In addition, the color white runs wide (the black run narrow, but all other colors fit if I get 10 instead of 9)
OMG, this slipper is way far from the true size!  I wear size 5 1/2, so ordered 7 M according to other reviewers' comments. Still too tight, so I am requesting the exchange of the size.  Other than that, item is ok.
A little disappointing considering the cost and the fact that the slipper is already coming apart at the heel, where its coming apart at the heel of the slipper.  I always thought these where some of the best slippers one could buy. I guess with the times it a few more dollars for horrible quality.  I had been purchasing clothe slippers and I thought of the Daniel Green's.  Not sure if that was a good idea.  I'll have to keep looking for a well made slipper.
These were really cute slippers and seemed well made but I wish I'd read previous reviews before making this purchase. They are as the other reviewers said, really narrow and small. I've returned them and went up in size by one and a half sizes and got a wider fit. My new slippers, in black, are quite comfortable. They too were a little narrow but the leather has given a little so now they are great.
I normally wear a medium width but these slippers are very narrow. I assume they will stretch out a little if I am patient!
The length of slippers were too short and not narrow enough. I do not think they are available in slims
I've worn this shoe for years, but the lining is now roughand almost caused a burn around the inside corner of the instep.I solved the problem by covering the area with moleskin.
The hat delivered is not reversible and a much lighter color than the hat pictured. It is a perfectly fine bucket hat. I ordered it because it allowed for ordering in sizes and the one size fits all hats do not generally fit me. I ordered the XL. It actually has 2 size labels. A XL label and a one fits all label. Well, it fits, it and is light weight, which is all I really care about.
I use this to work outside and it seems to do the job it was intended for.  The size seems to run a bit large.  After wearing this for a while I tossed it in the washer . . . . now it fits perfectly and looks better than it did originally . . . so I ordered another one.
The zipper is a little hard to close, the leather isn't exactly the best, but it looks ok, and will do.
These seem shorter when you wear them than they look in the photos.  They also kind of bunch up, at least on me.  It looks like there's more of a pouch for the package than in real life.  They're nice and well made though.  I just started a more physical yoga practice and I might like these better when I've lost a couple inches on the waist.
These shorts fit as expected, but the elastic waistband is kinda heavy duty. I would prefer cotton over the poly/spandex.
They are what I call &#34;short, shorts&#34;.  They show everything!  I wore them in yoga class and felt self conscious.  Now they do the trick...everything stays inside, you can move around in them fine.  I must be modest because I cannot wear them in class.  I will keep them in case I run out of underwear.
The leather is nice, but unlike the synthetic versions, when the pouch is squeezed, it does not open fully, so it can be difficult to get change in and out quickly.
I actually didn't really like this as much as i thought I would and I totally love EVERYTHING dolphin. I don't know if it was because the face is so big or the band was so "cheap". the band falls apart easily. I didn't get to wear it much.
I was looking for cheap, skinny, black suspenders, and I got what I paid for.One of the clasps broke after about two weeks and never tightened enough after that.But they look nice and do the job well enough if you treat them like a delicate flower.
I really liked the purse however the strap broke apart within a year. I only used it occasionally so it did not last very long.
I was looking for a nice looking wallet that could hold 6 cards and a few bills that would lay flat with that amount of stuff. I wouldn't call that a &#34;brick.&#34; 5&#34;x3.5&#34;I've been wanting a money clip for a while and I was preparing myself to get used to one. Thus, the money clip part of this critique is more subjective.  The clip is kinda tight and awkward putting your money away after a transaction. I'm sure with time I'll acquire a rhythm with this new way of handling my money. I say, the wallet can only really hold 15 bills at the most though.It advertises two extra card compartments, but I think it can only hold 6 cards MAX in the wallet (so, more of an ultimatum with the 6 card slot holder in the front) for it to close- close to properly (bills questionable.)  The &#34;bend&#34; could be slightly, only slightly wider to accommodate the bills.I would recommend this wallet for folks who carry less than 4 cards and 15 bills max.  Otherwise, I would assume time will stretch the leather.Personally speaking, 3 stars on function and ease.Aesthetically speaking though- It is absolutely a beautiful wallet. 5 stars on that.It looks great, feels great and I think time and age is this wallet's friend on function.
I was looking for a front pocket wallet which would be relatively flat while remaining functional. This wallet is very nice in its design and finish. However, while the pockets will hold 6 cards each, the wallet won't close. Remove the cards and put in more than a few bills in the rigid billfold, and the wallet does not close flat.  Using the billfold is difficult - the ergonomics are not great for putting money in or taking it out, and there seems to be no good way to hold the wallet to make the process easier.
The metal bands that serve as the closing mechanism are flimsy.  They are supposed to snap together tightly enough to hold coins in the purse.  Doesn't quite work as it should as coins are able to slip through.  Should return for credit but not worth the hassle as they are inexpensive.  I'll use it for something other than a coin purse.  Nice enough leather, though.
This pouch worked fine for a few months, but the leather was not substantial enough to hold up any longer than that. When fabric started showing through the thin layer of leather, it was time to discard the purse.
I expected a larger purse, but what there is works fine.  At the price I recall paying, I think I overpaid.
I used this to hold coins while traveling in Japan.  I guess it did the trick but the leather is very thin and soft. I think it should be a little more substantial.
Somewhat less quality than the one it replaced. Not real leather, which was disappointing, but what I spent on the product could easily fit in the pouch!
This is an old style key pouch with the key ring in side of it that you can transform into a coin pouch. Not exactly what I was looking for, but it does work O.K.
Squeeze Coin Pouch by North Star]]Used this coin pouch for one week and the pin fell out on the squeeze bar making it useless to use. Poor design on the metal squeeze, should be made so that the pin does not come out,  I bought 2 at time of purchase and the second one I am able to pull the pin out be hand so I know that will not last long.  [[ASIN:B0041ORE5U
This is the second coin purse I have ordered thru Amazon and thought it was from the same provider--not sure now.  The first one was soft leather, strong and &#34;gentle to the touch&#34;; I'm really sorry I lost it!  The one I just received from this provider was noticeably cheaper and I don't expect it to last a year before falling apart.  It has a key ring attachment inside and that broke the same day I put my house key on it--yuk!  Finally, I was very disappointed with the shipping process from this company.  Though all they did was to put the little &#34;purse&#34; in a small mailer envelope, they waited two weeks before shipping.  I don't remember such delayed processing from any other of the many orders I have made via Amazon.
Great idea to have a inside key ring never locked out again. The clasp is a bit loose when closed however I havent lost any change yet.
A very useful coin pouch for travelling. The leather is fined but the squeeze string isn't tight enough especially after active usesses.
not impressed with the quality of this item.  It holds the change but I don't expect it to last long
The price was good and the quality appears good also. the only negative is the fact that when I took it out of the sealed plastic wrap the odor from whatever it was processed with was overwhelming. I have had it out in the sun to hopefully get rid of that odor. If the plastic had not been sealed maybe it would have been less.
I like having my change accessible easily as a guy, so i purchsed this brown color squeeze coin pouch.Pros- it does a great job of holding changeCons - it does a *great* job of holding change..meaning it is so secure that when you are at line for example at a market you have to really squeeze on the edges to create enough of a concavity to get change out. By out, i mean *all* the change out, since due to its taut elasticity it is virtually impossible i have found to "choose " which change you want to take out at your own discretion.I realized i needed a tiny zip change purse.
I prefer squeeze pouches for carrying earphones.  I once purchased a pair of earphones that came with a squeeze pouch, and thought it was a great idea...easy to take out, easy to store, and easy to carry.  Let's be real, not many people really carry around those small pods with zippers.  They are just too inconvenient, especially in crowded surroundings such as a subway.Anyway, this works great, but has a terrible odor when it first arrives.  The odor does go away after a week or so.  Also, there is a key ring attached by a leather strap connected to the inside of this case.  I didn't need that for my purposes, so I just cut it out.Also,its tough to tell by the picture, but the hinges of the squeezing motion are exposed.  They are not sharp, but they can scratch things in placed together in a tight pocket, such as an iphone or leather wallet.  Just something to keep in mind.
I recently purchase some pants that did not have a pocket to hold change. I needed  something to hold my change.I did a search on Amazon and found these pouches. I ordered two of these and found them to be hard to open. The metal mechanism used to open and close the pouch does not work very well.I would not recommend this item.
Functional enough, I guess, but the pins holding the &#34;hardware&#34; together kept coming out - luckily I found the pins in my pocket, but had to remind myself with every use to double-check that the pins were in and firmly set. Ultimately, not worth the continual worry.
I got about 1 year use of this before it wore out and cracked at the sides and the top spring clasp stopped working.
I was duped into paying $4 S&H plus $4 for the purse, thus too costly. It works okay but I've had better ones for less than a dollar.
The size is good, but the purse will not close tight enough to keep the coins from falling out when closed.
This is a wonderful skirt and it fit great....the quality of the material felt good but after only four(4) wears I was devastated to see those little balls on it when I looked down at the ruffle while wearing the skirt. I was horrified yet wanted to order another...but my daughter convinced me not to spend $29.00 on this skirt unless the fabric was different...The style and fit are super..I wish there were more this length, but $29.00 is steep for a skirt good for only a wear or two.
This is a nice hat, but the &#34;9 month&#34; size barely fit my 4 1/2 month old... it was so tight, we only used it once.
I purchased this hat because I love all the cute clothing with ears. This hat delivered on color and the ears. However, I was disappointed that the inside material is, well, I am not quite sure how to describe it, but it is not very soft. Also, the hat would be much better if the seem didn't go right down the middle of it...
The sizing guide was not quite right. This hat was too small for my 6 month old. If you order, get a size much bigger than you think you need. Also, it was not as thick or warm as I thought it would be. Overpriced, IMO.
This hat was very small.  I need to exchange it. I will change the review after you help me get a larger hat exchange.  I did not cut off the tags, but I do not have return paperwork in my package. Thank you in advance.
It is cute, but the fabric doesn't have the greatest feel - not as soft or thick as I would have expected a fleece hat for a baby to be.
Never got a wear out of it, it was too small by the time it arrived.  Should have gone for the larger size.
Very cute. I bought this for my average size 12 month old and I'm not sure how long it will fit him. I bought the 18 month size and it still seems small.
I ordered this hat for my 4.5-month-old. His head is in the 75th percentile, so ordered the 12-month size to make sure it was big enough. It fits him for now but it's a little tight and I think he'll outgrow it before winter ends. It leaves a line on his forehead.
These hats run a bit small.  For the price, I think there are cuter hats out there with similar or the same quality.
Zutano clothing I find are generally larger than the indicated size. So this gat was too big. The one with the fur which we love is alos a little too big on the forehead, covering the eyes. If they could make the furry part a little narrower on the forehead it would be perfect. My kiddo has an average size head and forehead.
such a cute hat and great color, but the fleece is only on the exterior of the hat. the interior of the hat has an unfinished look with raised seams and the material is not the soft fleece, but has a rough feel-not soft like the outside of the hat. too bad, its a very cute hat but not what i was hoping for.
This hat is cute and seems made well, from good materials, but it is way too small. My daughter is 6months but has a smaller head for her age (so says her pediatrician) so I thought this 6 months size would fit--but it does not fit at all. I recommend to future buyers to get the next size up, or 2 sizes up if your baby has inherited a big melon.
Even though the material in wich is made, is very soft the color is to pale, very different as seen in the picture
I ordered the size 12 months but it barely fits on my 7 week old baby. Granted he does have a big head, a size 12 months should fit on a baby not yet 2 months old. Otherwise, it's soft and cute. What a waste of money!
Not a bad wallet for the price. Very durable.Only issues were the paper that came with it to hold my badge didn't hold up to well and it wasn't enough padding between my badge and cards. It snapped my credit card over time of usage.
This piece of thing is very sexy but spoil easily. I washed it and the strong attached to the word came off.
This is a cute pendant, but it is extremely small, also the length of the necklace was not long enough.
If you're tall or borderline (need a 32-34" inseam) then these pants are not for you.  I can wear 32" inseams with flats, but prefer a tad longer so I can wear them with 1-2" heels.  These were barely long enough when new, and after the 1st wash--forget it.  Other than that, they are comfy and look nice.
When you first put them on in the morning, they look great and fit great.  But due to the low spandex content--or ratio of spandex to cotton--they are a stretched out baggy mess after three to four hours.  I have three different styles of their "One True Fit" line and I've had the same issue with all three.  So if you're just headed out for a lunch with friends or errands, great.  But by the end of a workday, you'll look pretty rumpled.  I do live in a high humidity area and this may not be the case with if you live in a dry climate.
i bought two pairs of these pants for work. i previously had two pairs that lasted a couple of years (also as work pants). the string color on this page is NOT khaki. i, unfortunately, assumed it was khaki since the only colors listed were black and string and the pants pictured are khaki. string is quite a bit lighter than khaki, almost approaching cream color. the pants i had before seemed thicker than these (which is helpful when they are work pants) and not quite as long. my old pants were a 9/10L and fit perfectly...these are the same size, but are much longer for some reason.
I went exactly by the size chart and they are too big.  I was hoping they would shrink (for once), but no luck.  I may order them again, because they are nice jeans, but will order a size smaller.  (I know, I should have returned them, but needed the jeans and didn't want the hassle.)
These Jeans are tighter than the dark blue jeans bought at the same time exactly same product details so cannot understand why the only difference is the colour
I like these jeans and have ordered at least 8 pairs.  Mostly because they fit and are comfortable.  The reason I've had to order so many pairs is that they rip at the corner of the back pocket and at the seam to the left of the zipper.  It seems like they should last MUCH longer before getting holes or ripping but I continue to buy because they are comfortable.
I bought these jeans hoping for a nice look but I could not keep the weight off so I ended up giving them away. Don't blame the jeans. Give them a try, they're nice.
I  got  these  because  I  could  no longer  get  pleated  pants/jeans at  my  local  retail  stores.  They  are  very  comfortable,  although  I  would  like  to  see  more  color  options  for  the  larger  sizes  instead  of  just  stonewash (denim).  My  only  problem  is  that  the  stitching  of  the  placket  over  the  zipper  is  VERY, VERY  weak.  Once  you  wash  the  jeans  it  breaks  out,  unravels  and  your  stuck  wearing  a  pair  pants  with  your  zipper  showing.
I wish there would've been a picture of the back of these jeans. There are no butt pockets in them, which make them seem extremely old-fashioned! Otherwise the quality is nice and they fit well.
We bought this for our 4yo son, who is a bit hard on his toys.  In less than 2 weeks (more like 2 days) he has broken the mechanism that automatically opens the visor.  He loves the buttons, sounds, and overall he likes the helmet, but for a 4yo it is a bit big/bulky for his body.  He does like it, but it is not his first toy of choice, nor even his first costume/dress up piece.  He says it is good, and when he's wearing it he enjoys flying around the house.  Bang for the buck, maybe not at four, but it is a good fun item.
The helmet, though really needed to complete the costume, is very large for a child's head.  I can wear it.  However, if it were smaller it would have been too difficult for kids to get off and on. I think if you just padded the inside, which I will try, they will get it on and off just as easy but also wear it more comfortably.  Maybe the company could include such an offer since the helmet is already very pricey.
This helmet inspired the logo for the Future Friendly group of web designers/developers. This group recognizes the constant changes in the computerized world, and the lack of predictability of what is to come.  These are some of the most experienced, versatile, and forward thinking people in the web world.  They are helping people to see that designing for a desktop computer is a thing of the past, for mobile communication happens nowadays on devices as small as a watch and as large as an entire wall.From their web site at [...]Disruption will only accelerate. The quantity and diversity of connected devices--many of which we haven't imagined yet--will explode, as will the quantity and diversity of the people around the world who use them.Our existing standards, workflows, and infrastructure won't hold up. Today's onslaught of devices is already pushing them to the breaking point. They can't withstand what's ahead.Proprietary solutions will dominate at first. Innovation necessarily precedes standardization. Technologists will scramble to these solutions before realizing (yet again) that a standardized platform is needed to maintain sanity.The standards process will be painfully slow. We will struggle with (and eventually agree upon) appropriate standards. During this period, the web will fall even further behind proprietary solutions.A New HopeBut there's hope. While we can't know exactly what the future will bring, we can:Acknowledge and embrace unpredictability.Think and behave in a future-friendly way.Help others do the same.The future is ours to make -- friendly.
My nephew absolutely loved this helmet!  However, his parents and I were quite disappointed when he went to reach for the microphone and shield and both broke off pretty easile right out of the box......I think SuperGlue may have helped but we're still disappointed with the durability.
Seller was great and shipped product promptly.  It arrived and was exactly as shown.  Product is a bit cheap though.  The inside microphone piece broke off on first use and had to be crazy glued back on.  But it hasn't come off again since.  The visor also can be a bit tricky and sometimes won't stay down BUT my son loves it none the less.
The helmet really completes the outfit but I was kinda disappointed. I thought that it would change your voice when you talked but it doesn't. Also the visor keeps falling off. But overall, he enjoys it. I got a really good deal on this through Amazon and it serves its purpose as a play toy.
This helmet is aesthetically very cute and is made of a durable plastic. The intercom has no volume control however, the volume is not too loud for a small child. My 8 year old daughter wore this helmet for Halloween.  As many others have complained, this helmet is too oversized for smaller children; I can fit my head inside the helmet and still have some room left over, with no problem. Even my daughter, looked somewhat like a bobble-head with the huge helmet over her head! But what is worse, is the push-button visor feature; it is impractical for a helmet that is labeled &#34;junior&#34; & marketed for children, to only operate with a pushbutton feature. The push-lock feature used to close the visor, should be the same feature used to open it&#8230;not a push button. As many others have stated in the reviews, this makes the helmet more prone to malfunction or to be easily broken if mishandled or dropped. My daughter only wore this helmet  for 24 hours on Halloween; after hours of pushing & releasing the visor/button all day, I carefully put the helmet back in the box. I started to walk away & heard the visor pop-up and release on it's own, in the box. After, removing the helmet from the box, I observed the visor would no longer work&#8230; it was broken. I was able to return and exchange it with Amazon, hassle free. But the point is, it should not have broken after 24hrs use; that visor button needs to be redesigned as it is flawed & impractical.
I bought this to complete a Halloween costume for my 6 year old son. Believe the other reviewers when they say it is huge. There is no way he could safely wear this at a Halloween party or running around trick-or-treating - he can barely walk in the house without bumping into something while wearing it. On the flip side, he does love it and feels like a real astronaut while wearing it so perhaps it will get some make-believe play use. I do have a problem with the price though. The quality of the piece appears to more in the $15-20 range than the $40 range.
Looks really cool but my son couldn't wear it for long because it was so big. If it had a tighter feel on his head, he would have loved it.
This looks really neat but the quality feels cheap.  It's HUGE on the head, a little loose even for an adult, so it doesn't fit any of the kids, and when it flops down it is kindof jarring so it's hard to play with.  Instructions suggest purchasing and adding some foam inserts to make it fit better, and we probably will, but it's a little disappointing.  Looks neat, little cheap, and packaging was kind of cheap, too (we presented it out of the box).  Kids seem excited to see it, but don't leave it on long.  Sounds are just OK.
My 3 1/2 year old son is enjoying this but it is HUGE.  It easily fits my husband and myself.  Also, the visor pops off easily but you can reattach it without a problem.  I just can't get over how enormous it is.
Little cumbersome for small hands and he felt it was too heavy to move around.  Maybe when he is older it will be better. He is three and a half
Very big and cumbersome.  My 7 year old son could not walk around with it and see where he was going.  I put in LOTS of padding and it still did not fit.  It sits in his room on a shelf instead of an active toy.  He did like the sounds and visor that moved.
I bought this for my 8 1/2 year old son.  The helmet itself was huge, can fit an adult with no problems. Because of this, it basically "floated" on my sons head. As for the face protector working by a touch of a button and the electronic recording, these were the selling characteristics. BUT, too pricey for not having enough positive things to balance out the negative...not enough to keep a childs interest.  My son enjoyed it the first couple of days but has not picked it up since. I also think if it fit better, (had a padded plactic skull frame inside for a snug fit) it would rate better and people wouldn't mind paying the asking price so much.
As some reviewers said it lacks of cushion support on the shoulders, the foam is too thin. It bothers the kid after a while. You need to change that foam for something more dense. It's hard to close the retractable shield.
it's very cheaply made. It broke within the first week of having it. The visor cracked right away. Great for pretend paly though.
The helmet was really neat but lacking in quality a bit. The sounds only worked for about 2 months and the visor fell off the first time it was dropped. We could put the visor back on but it was very loose and kept falling off from running with it on.
I got this helmet for my nephews 4th birthday he played with it for a minute but it was a lot bigger than expected it turned him into a walking Bobble head it's best used as display due to the large size
Got it for my 5 years old son. It's functioning OK but it's size is HUGE and make is cumbersome.
I love the idea of this but unfortunately my grandson hates it. Its too hard and rubs his neck.
This wallet is fine, the design excellent, fashionable. The covered money clip on the outside with the `pressing against the main body of the wallet' design gives it a very good grip on the bills held here. The grip is so strong I have torn bills when I attempt to remove them quickly. Best way to remove bills is all at once, then separate bills when outside of the clip. Maximum number of bills to hold comfortably is 10-15 folded. The open design for cards means your cards get a little more damaged at the exposed ends but holds a few cards well. A plus is the thinness of the wallet - it is almost invisible in any pocket, preferably front or jacket. Why Buy: As a second wallet (one should have at least two wallets - to separate credit cards, IDs so all is not lost if one wallet is lost/stolen. Put the small bills and one or two ONLY small limits credit cards in your back pocket wallet - pull the back pocket one out for the bandits and run away with this other wallet on you). As a gift for any guy - romantic or non-romantic.
My son is in 60-80% for all measurements and size 12-18 months did not fit well. So, we had to order 18-24 months size instead. Otherwise, I'd kept this hat. I liked the quality of material it is made of.
I thought this was a very cute nightgown but was disappointed with the size.  I had an 8lb 3oz baby boy and he never got to wear this outfit.  The hat is also very small.  I would not recommend buying this outfit unless you know you are having a small baby.
Decent construction, but it's not big enough for more than a couple of cardsI returned it. was not big enough for me.
Bought this as a front pocket wallet because carrying my old back pocket wallet was too bulky in my front pocket. I have sciatica and sitting on a wallet is no longer a good thing. This wallet looks very nice, but is pretty bulky. By the time I got rid of enough cards to make it thin, I found that my old wallet was fine if I only carried the same number of cards.
NOT WHAT I EXPECTED. BUT WILL GET USED TO IT. WOULD NOT BUY IT AGAIN FOR JUST A MONEY CLIP.
This wallet replaced one of similar design and I have been very happy with it. Carry cash easily and plenty of slots for credit cards and business cards.
The quality of construction is great.  It is a wider than I like.  Four credit card slots inside instead of six would be plenty and make it easier to get in and out of your pocket.
The wallet is adequate but I am not sure that it is made out of leather.  It is an odd material.  Time will tell if it holds up....
Ok... Thin and stuff, just cheaply made.... Not in love with that product, sure some will love it.... Decent but not great
Nice wallet, but I thought it was less of a wallet and more of just a money clip. A little to large for my use, but well made. You good just use this as your only wallet.
I own several of this brand of T-shirt.  All of them more than 10 years old.The quality has definitely gone way down hill.My older shirts were heavier and are still holding up.This shirt won't last the season.The medium looks like a small that is way too long.
received t-shirt in good time, fast shipping.  Fit just fine, but had a very slight and small stain on it.  Not bad enough to return it, but was there none the less.  Not a problem though, I'm sure it will wash right out.  Overall, I'm happy enough with my purchase, it's something cool to wear this summer.
I ordered a size XXL in this shirt. It has arrived and despite the tag reading "XXL" is not even a women's size medium. I've measured it laying flat at 34" around the bust; that's an extra small women's range, not XXL. The product is otherwise OK but not exceptional; the fabric is soft but thin, so you wouldn't want to wear it tight-fitting or with a bra in a contrasting color. I am frustrated with how far off the sizing is; it seems unreasonable.UPDATE: I wasn't happy with my item, but GotApparel's customer service is excellent. I sent an email complaining of the inaccurate size and within 24 hours received a return email promising a full refund of both the item's cost and the postage I paid to have it shipped to me. They did not require me to ship it back. Amazon has already emailed me to say that they are indeed processing a full refund for me, so yay for customer service! I really appreciated the no-hassle support.
It was shorter than it looked in the picture and fits tighter then I would prefer
I liked the softness and stitching of this top however it was way to small for me which is why I only gave it three stars. I have worked in construction for over 30 years and am very muscular for a woman. I like my clothes to fit loosely because the evil meanopause (lol, this is how it should be spelt) is upon me. I ordered a 2x and it was more along the lines of a medium. If you order make sure you bump the size up unless you like things to really fit tightly.
I liked the make and feel of the costume but the torso portion was too short - the crotch was too high up.  There was extra length in the legs and not enough for the torso...I guess I wish it would fit like a Carter's stretchie and it didn't.  Good quality though, and cute design.
Costume runs a bit small.  Poor quality so it ripped while child was in costume for only 1 hour.  Expected better material, but you get what you pay for.
When I first pulled the pants out of the box, I though they were little kids pants. I usually wear a 6 or 8, and if these came in 16 I dont think they would fit. Quality is decent for $4, too bad they don't fit.
I was excited about this item. A miracle "buldge" eraser. I was a bit disappointed on how uncomfortable it was. It's okay for a short period of time. I wore mine to a wedding. I needed to go back to the hotel room and take it off. I was very thorough in finding the right size, so I don't think that was it. Wouldn't do again.
The ring I received matches the color of the picture only in bright light - otherwise it is much darker, almost black at times.While somewhat disappointing, this does make for a very interesting effect when viewed from different angles/under different light.
Rick Steves Clothesline is a handy implement if you travel in countries where you need to wash your clothes on moments notice. Since the food always affects the stomach, you know you'll eventually soil your pants. Eventually you'll have smelly socks too.I brought this with me while traveling around in Ecuador. I stayed in hostels so you can hook this up usually either to a bird cage or a bed post or a door knob of some type, it even works on a sleeping drunk's foot. It even works on gravestones, believe it or not, a cemetery in a little Mexican town had the only running water so I washed my clothes there and hung the Clothesline with my Clothes to dry. Unfortunately I was arrested by the sheriff for &#34;vandalizing gravestones&#34;. Luckly I gave him a few American candy bars and was let off.When I lost some weight due to fever, nausea, and stomach and muscle pain in the Jungle, my pants were falling down and I used the Clothesline to keep them up.Can also be used to lasso chickens.Works great, has many uses.Jungle: A Harrowing True Story of Survival
It's a latex rope.  To that end, it succeeds.  It's only a latex rope though, and the Velcro fixtures on the end kind of miss the point.
This was a good purchase and came in handy during a recent trip to Europe. It stretches quite a bit, so it can be used in a variety of places. I do wish it was a little bit longer though. In some hotel rooms, I had enough space to strap two of these together and dry most of my clothes all at once.
I have the Rick Steves clothesline, purchased through his site, that has the velcro straps on the ends. Theoretically this should make it easier to find places to hang it in your hotel/hostel room, but in several years of travelling to Europe and staying in lots of hotel rooms and houses, I have rarely found a place where you can actually successfully hang this with enough tension to hold clothes.I would recommend going with inflatable hangers instead, which you can also purchase on Amazon. You can hang quite a bit off of even one hanger, and it's MUCH easier to find places to hang them. If you have even just a doorknob, you're in business.
I purchased this item for a cruise I am taking in July.  I know the ship does not have a laundry room and some items need to be re-warn, so I plan to wash and hang some clothes in the bathroom on the ship.  This is perfect for that reason.
I got this as I had never traveled where I would consider washing my clothes. This clothes line was in many instances too short in most cases. I would recommend getting one that is about 2-3 feet longer or bring along some nylon shoelace to tie to it to lengthen it. That is my own personal experience. The braided line did allow for using it without clothes pins and it was small and compact. When it was stretched out, I had the velcro not hold twice and come back at the end of the day and my clothes on the floor.
I agree with the other comments.  This product would be better if it had suction cups or clips in addition to the loops.  In a hotel room, the obvious place to hang this type of line is from doorknob to doorknob, but that means it's hanging across the room (usually from the bathroom door to the entry door), making it difficult to move around in the room.  Also, sometimes I would have preferred to hang the line higher, but I was limited by the height of the doorknob.
I will know how good it is in the next months. For now, I would love it to be a little bit longer. It might not be the best one as you will need probably to have the clips but the quality is very good.
Item received not as shown or as advertised. Item received stretches to 6 feet per package, not 7 feet as in description. Ends are Velcro strips.
I bought this for a trip to China and had several occasions on which it came in handy to hang up a few things to dry. The braided cord allows securing clothes without needing clothespins, though twisting clothes into the braid inevitably causes some funny little puckers or creases when you pull the clothes loose.All of the hotels we stayed in had shower curtain rods over which clothing could be draped or on which hangers could be hung, so I don't know that I would buy another one of these. However, now that I have it I can just toss it in my suitcase--it takes up very little room.I did find that the cord was a bit short in some situations; a slightly greater length would be better.
I should have realized that I would be overpaying for the name of Rick Steves (who I like a lot, and buy his travel books and watch his show). Even so, this item will be probably be useful, and I will try it out on an upcoming cruise.
Daughter likes them but they were larger than expected so has taken sometime to grow into them and now the soles are separating from canvas after a few months of wear
This shirt somehow manages to be both too large and too small. It feels like it was made for someone with a much, much larger bust than me (if you have a small bust, this is very loose in the chest), but it is also very short (I'm 5'3&#34;, so that's unusual).The color is very nice, though.  I'll be keeping the shirt to wear over long-sleeve shirts in the winter, but it definitely won't be an &#34;all-the-time&#34; shirt.
Ordered a large and it shrunk a bit in the wash so it's a little snug. I usually wear a medium....so I would recommend ordering two sizes up if you like to be comfortable in your shirts.
Ordered the usual Large, ran small and material flimsy, too pricey for what I got.  Will not buy this brand everagain!
Really good product.  I am happy with it, but I thought I ordered a new one and I recieved a used one.  Oh well it gets the job done.
its nice looking shoes for kids but its tide in the middle
This top fit like a dream and was very flattering.My only caveat is, however, that it doesn't hold its color.  Just resting the damp top against a white towel after taking it out of the washing machine (cold cycle), it bled a huge amount of turquoise all over the towel.Don't wear a white tank under it, or you'll get a white tank with turquoise splotches.
Item was a bit small but I kept it anyway.  Shoud have returned it because I don't wear it much but really cute.
It is nice and it works. Good Value. Very difficult to evaluate a bow tie by picture. I suggest getting it in a store so that you know what you get.
The top is perfect! The bottom needs to be fitted to my daughters figure, Its too big and too diaperish....  But she loves the top.
This product is comfortable but it runs very big. My daughter is almost 15 months old. At first I brought size 2 thinking she'll fit into it, but it runs so big she might have to wait until she is 3 so I purchased another one size 12months and it's still huge on her. The arms runs about 2 to 3 inches longer than I had hope and it's very lose on her. My daughter is 22 lbs and is taller than average kids so I was surprised that the 12month size didn't fit her.
My daughter is 8 years old. This was the main thing on her list to get. She got it for Christmas from Santa. We open it put the batteries in. Make sure we are on the same channel and what do we here STATIC. You basically talk by using the walkie talkie button. When she went up a floor we were not able to hear eachother at all. I tried to call her phone and was unable to get thru. All of her best friends live on the same street and they were looking forward to being able to talk to eachother, but so far have been unsuccessful.  The idea of the phone, being able to text message, take pictures is great, but the phone itself is poor quality.  The screen is black and white, which would be dealable if it were clear. Lets just say my daughter and friends have been bitterly disappointed by this toy and have not used them since. A waste of $70.  I could have just paid $20 and got them a 5 mile walkie talkie set.
I bought my daughter one on Jan. 2,2006 . was really excited because her girl friend had one but her mother returned hers because she was getting calls from someone that was using very bad language. my daughter is now dissappointed. i want to know if this phones pick up nextel or over phone lines that possible can tap into these phones. my daughters girlfriend mother was so disappointed she returned her phone now my daughter has to find some friends with a chatnow. the photos are very bad but the phone is ok for now. I really think this phone should be cheaper than $70. I would like an rebate. the phone should only allow kids to talk to friends of there choice. Hasbro should return a rebate to all there customers.
These are nice, but they didn't fit into the slots on the corset I bought. Also, I don't know if they'd actually hold anything up.
I like the glasses as they softly grip your head.  Don't have to worry about perspiring and having them fall off as you bend down, or swing at a golf ball.  They have one terrible weakness, the connections between the nose piece and ear pieces to the lenses. These connection points break down and have to be sent to the shop for repair. I wish these were more sturdy given their titanium structure, but they are not.
I bought 3 for a family airplane trip. The kids loved them, but I found them to be too soft, not enough support.
The pillow served better under my rear in the uncomfortable plane seat then for my head. I bought it so I wouldn't wake up with a stiff neck, but that's what happened!As another reviewer said, it needs more cushion. But then it can't be packed as small... course it wasn't that small to pack anyway! I ended up using the clip and attaching it to the outside of my bag.
I need a travel pillow with a firmer filling.  My wife thinks it will be nice for her but I think I will have to find something which is simply thicker.  The clip is nice as is the removable cover. Its just too flat for me.
tends to pil up too much.  very comfortable otherwise
Very comfortable and flattering.  Actually comes up high enough in the back to cover your bum.  But, be sure to get a longer length than you wear.  I'm 5'2, bought a short-which was a bit too long, but when I washed them, they shrank 2 inches!
Bought this umbrella especially for the jelly handle.  Makes holding the umbrella much easier when it's windy and cold and your hands become stiff.  This is my 2nd one from them ... my first one rusted after 2 times of use, but I think it was a defective one.  I contacted shedrain, and they replaced it with my current one, and so far after 6 months, no rust.  The umbrella coverage is a little small, but fits easily in a purse without take up much space.
the umbrella is not very sturdy and does not open or close with ease.  the button gets stuck
The backpack is as advertised but a little too large for me. Color is great!
very hard duty tote bag but hards the shoulder area if large amount of things are in the bag. but ok to have
This costume is absolutely adorable.  My only problem is that it was shipped without the cape.  Can't be Robin without the cape!
I purchased this costume for my 17 week old. It was adorable and went well with the Batman costume my 3 1/2 year old wore for Halloween. Of course I couldn't get him to wear the mask, but it still served it's purpose.The pros for this;really cute we got a few compliments when we took our boys to the local V.A. to see the Grandparents(Who work there). It is also decently warm with a sleeper on underneath. It was pretty chilly here on Halloween but he stayed warm.The only complaints I have are;the closures are secured with velcro that wouldn't stay closed and therefor would scratch his skin, and the neck was very small. We had to pull the velcro off the neck closure because we couldn't close it and as I said before it would scratch him. Other than that it was a great costume.All and all for the price I was expecting just a little bit more, but it was okay. I really did not like that he was getting scratched, so unless that is improved by button snaps or something I wouldn't recommend this to a friend. Same with the neck.
Ordered this costume for Halloween and was excited for my 1 year old to wear it, but it was delivered with no cape! And naturally, it was too close to Halloween for a return, so he went cape less. Not a huge deal, but def not what we paid for, so that's why I gave it a low overall rating. Otherwise, I think it was great.
Newborn size is not very accurate, but the description warns you of that. Would probably fit 6-9 month better.  Will work for the purpose if pictures which is why we got it.
The costume description states that it is a 2-4T, but I had to return the item, because it fits like a 24 mos.
you get what you paid for. nice product, you get what you pay for.a my boy was nightwing. i have to say this item is huge so make sure you little one is at least 4 months before even purchasing this item.
if you are looking for a costume that you don't need to put a coat on your child keep looking.  definitely would not fit a 3 or 4T in my opinion. its on the thin side but i don't mind as my son will not really be outside for any length of time.  Very happy with the costume and price.
The costume is cute, however it did not fit to size so was too small for my smaller than average toddler. I purchased the 3T. The tag indicted it was sized to fit 2T to 3T. Also, the mask was not a good fit, it caused visual impairment and made it unsafe to wear for trick-or-treating. The advantage to this costume is that it was warm and it was easy to put on and take off.
This fits my son perfectly except for the neck. I can't attach the very top. Since my son is very petite this makes me think other parents will have difficulty. He's still wearing the costume, and doesn't have to worry about the neck since the cape covers it.
A bit cheap looking but fit my 8 month old comfortably and perfectly. I'd prefer one more closure in legs around knees but for $20 it's a nice deal.
I was very pleased with the pajamas and the very timely process by which I received them.  I would definitely use this company again.Carolyn Roderique
These shorts are pretty funny. The blue jean kinda color is awesome. They look like what a 12 yr old wears back in 1985. That said it's kinda tough for me to wear them in public, but they are great for around the house.
The thigh is to small from what the picture looks like. But for little skinny girls it would be fine it does look nice.
The item has plenty of room but it is a bit bulky for me. I'm sure though that I'll manage to fill it up and I will be happy that it is as big as it is!
Quality is good, but seller is very hard to contact.
I like these shoes because they are really comfortable. I dislike them because one of the eyelet things that the laces go through completely ruined my laces. It has a jagged spot that i couldn't find and ate them up as i laced the shoes. I had bought special laces too :( Oh well, probably just a defect i had gotten.
I dont understand what is so exiting about them, may be they do look hot but they are uncomfortable to wear at all, especially when you sit, its like sitting on a bean, not a nice sensation tailbone against a bead.
Although it was fun, it wasn't the earth shattering and WOW experience the other reviewers had. It was fun, but not that big of deal. It'd be fun to be surprised with it as a husband, though.
The color is more sways towards orange than red. It's still a cute hat. i haven't worn it yet because I have nothing to match it. I was expecting a deep rich red. Oh well
While the visor is nice looking, the brim is too small and narrow on the head.  About the size of a baseball cap brim, so the sides of your face is too exposed to the sun. Many visors have a way too big brim that blows up in the wind, but this one is just too narrow. I'm looking for a happy medium sized brim like the one I broke.  I probably won't wear it.
I usually have a head that hats don't fit well so after reading everything I went with I need this big hat.  However, it is too big even on me.  In addition, the strap to hold it on your head is just a shoestring and you can't put it through the hat in a way that it goes under your chin and stays out of the way under the brim.  Also, it doesn't have much space to vent so it is hot.
This bag is authentic, however the quality that you would expect from Fendi just isn't there. I left it in the sun, and the fabric faded!!!! Before that, the bag recieved a lot of compliments.
The Style of the jacket is nice but it is not as warm as I thought it would be.  Also I wish the pockets were lined on both sides with fleece.  The pockets do not keep your hands warm
Well made for the price. warm and solid build. yet not as a primary wear for your looks; i.e. not made w/ the shape and cut that would make one looks good and fashioned.Yet, used as a winter undercoat or support under another better looking jacket, it will fit your bill in a grand manner.
I am used to buying items with extra room as some manufacturers are making thier products with less material to cut costs. However, this item is roomier than advertised.  I bought the xxxl and it was huge.  I didn't send it back because it is a liner and should be supported by an outer shell.  If you want to use it as an overcoat then there is room for layering beneath it.  Well constructed, etc.  Plus what the rest said.  Wish they had it in black when I bought mine.
I was, unfortunately, very disappointed with this item.  The BEAR logo was on the arm sleeve, which I did not like and did not know about prior to ordering.  Also, the sizing chart is not accurate.  I ordered the large, suitable for a 10-12 - I am a size 12 and could not get the zipper up over my boobs.Anyway, I wish it came in a black, XL.Oh well.
For a quick leather face it works nicely.  Paint is nice, construction is solid.  Just the fit is a bit odd, and the hair needs some work to get it closer.Not disappointed, but not super excited.
To be honest, I wasnt sure what I was going for...but wanted them for my husband who is an alabama fan.  The elephants are a little small and look more pewter than silver.  Husband hasnt used them yet...but again was trying to find something that was like fan-gear.
I love the way the pen looks and feels. However, after a little over a year after I purchased it, the blue lacquer began to chip off. If you buy the pen take good care not to drop it or place it anywhere it may come into contact with keys ect., this may cause the blue lacquer finish to chip and eventually come off completely.
Like this product - it is exactly what it is protrayed to be.  However, I've had a problem wtih the spacer clips opening and falling.  It has happened a couple of times already but I've been fortunate enough to find them on the ground.  Not sure why it won't stay closed but it's a matter of time before I lose it for good.
I like the shoes, but the ribbons tend to slip down. I have tried tying them a few different ways but I haven't found a way to make the ribbons stay up around my calves. Overall they are really cute but not very functional.
i had to return it because even the small felt too big, although i normally wear a small in outerwear. i am still giving it a 3 star, because if it fits you, it would be a real nice, quality coat.
gloves are fine just doesn't come up the wrist quite as far as i was hoping.
These are good gloves and were very handy for what I had in mind which was a coreography with black lights and you could only see the white clothing, so the gloves were of a good quality, there was only one that had a tiny hole but it was not that noticeable, and they worked well.
The product was as advertised.  Just what we needed.  Shrinkage was minimal with warm water and low-heat dry.  Even so, for a man's hand, i would order the XL.
These gloves run small.  I used the sizing chart provided and ordered the "appropriate" size.  They were too small when they arrived and then, since they are cotton, shrunk even further after washing.  I can make due since I just use them to protect my sheets from the hand cream I use at night, but they are definitely smaller than expected and therefore difficult to put on a little bit uncomfortable.  Be sure to order at least one size, if not two sizes, bigger than you think you should.
I use these gloves when I drive.  They're soft and comfortable but they shrank after the first wash.  So they don't fit that well now.
I use these gloves at night to keep lotion on my hand for an eczema problem.  These gloves are not the best gloves in the world. so I put them in a lingerie lanudry bag for washing.  This works and as a result I am very pleased with my purchase.*White Cotton Parade Gloves - Price Per Dozen- Only $1.66 Per Pai...
The reason I'm giving this skirt 3 stars is that this looks beautiful and fits really well.  I was thrilled when I put it on.  But on closer inspection I noticed that the stitching on the seams of the tiers have raw edges with threads hanging out.  And they are on the outside of the skirt where it is visible in good light.  I don't think it will last more than a couple of wears, but good for a day out for the price.
The coat runs large.  I probably could have worn a size smaller.The style would appeal to women over age 60.  The quality of the material is very good....but the overall style and fit are to be desired. I am returning the coat.
One of the pockets was ripped inside.  It runs big, by one size.  This is definitely a European size and for very tall people.  I am 5'5" and still the fitting doesn't look right.  I returned this item.
I bought this bag in the olive color, not offered now.  I was very happy with the bag.  It is very very roomy, carries my stuff beautifully.  I'm used to name bags and I definitely see the difference here with the details.  But for this price, it was very nice.
This is a pretty purse, and big, but if it falls over, things will fall out because there is only one magnetic snap on top.  It needs more closure.The inside is very roomy, and well made.  I just found it too bulky for me, and needs at least 2 or 3 more magnets to close it, so things don't fall out.
very nice hobo bag. I loved the leather of the bag and its a hit with me amongst my bags. Lovely. Very nice.
I received my red bag with some black markings on the outside and after two months of use, the fabric has torn around the grommets.  Not a very good quality bag.
I have ordered one at size 6. I am not sure if I am going to be able to wear a thick sweater under this coat. It is a bit tight fit. You may want to consider one size bigger. Also, when I opened the box, my first impression was that it was not heavy at all for a long coat. Frankly, I prefer heavier coats. The fabric looks fine. My main problem with the coat is that it does not have any interest, seam line etc. It looks like a judge's black robe on me. It looks better when not buttoned up. But, I bought the coat for cold weather. I could not decide whether to return it yet. I think for about $50 it is a good deal. The quality is fine. That's why I give 3 stars. I am not sure about the appearance though. The cut does not look good. It is not my taste at least.
i returned it because the cut is too baggy. i got the x-small where as i normally wear a small, petite and still it was too loose. sleeves are too short.good quality coat though, if you can get it to fit.
This handle makes pulling your SporTube a lot easier. It is well-made and easy to clip on or remove for flight. I rated it three stars instead of five perhaps unfairly - the product is great - what I am reacting to is that this should clearly be included in the original SporTube purchase. The only reason I can think of not to do that is to add a hidden cost to the SporTube purchase. 100% of SporTube owners would want to have this handle if it wasn't an extra thing to buy.
I bought this purse, in black, at Macy's last year.  I had been looking for it in white (as it was also sold in white)but to no avail. It was a purchase from last summer(05).  As a dinosaur on the internet, I plodded along and came across it in amazon! What luck.  I bought it in white, and forwarded the site to my friends.  It is the best spring/summer bag ever!  roomy enough for a checkbook, compact and keys.  Stylish and light.  I LOVE it.  Wish they had them in every color.  Lots of compliments on it.
To start off, the product was perfect itself.The shirt was just as described, all good.We ordered this for my grandmother for her birthday as a joke. The shirt didn't come for 3+ weeks. We questioned whether or not it was actually going to come.
The product description implies that these are activewear shorts. They state that you could wear them to the gym, to yoga, or dance class. You could, but you would get a lot of stares. Not because of the small size, not because of the orange color, but because these are UNDERWARE.I did not know that Lavinia was a lingere company. I thought these were shorts, just small shorts. In fact, nowhere in the description was lingere ever mentioned. It does now, but before, it was Lavinia Activewear.Even though they are a bright orange, they are not opaque. It is a thin fabric that is not quite sheer, but I do not think these will be worn anywhere outside of the house. Are you brave enough? My girlfriend isn't.Definitely not what I expected. Hence the 3 rating.
These liners are really good for loafers or other slip on shoes that have more coverage in the upper foot area and on the sides of the shoe. They don't slip and feel comfortable.  They are not as great for shoes like ballet flats, where they show more.
Gloves were great looking with a soft inside. The only down side is the they are very fragile and i already after 1 month have a tare on the left one on the palm. Get them but be careful on anything they can snag on.
It did not sit on the hands smoothly  and stitches are not good quality. Leather quality is good nice and smooth
These shoes are good but they run VERY big.  My child wears a 7.5 Toddler shoe and that is what I ordered in the tap shoe. The shoes are HUGE, like a full size too big. I had to order another pair in a smaller size. So order a half to full size below your child's shoe size. I like that it has velcro so she can get them on and off easily.
Like it.  Arrived in good shape.  I more of the type to throw my earrings in a bowl.  But the product is a good product.
I really like this product. But I was unimpressed when I opened the box to find the stand broken off from the holder. The item is currently being fixed by a friend, So I have not gotten to use it yet. However, I do recommend  the item.
Very nice looking dress watch. Don't buy it for everyday use. I did it and it started to show inaccuracy. It is not intended to be continuosly used. Everybody gets amazed with it. Thus, I sold it for one of my brothers in law for a "slightly" higher price. Nice buy.
I bought this product as part of a set of pendant, ring and earrings, and it has been the only piece that was not as good as the other products.The lower right amber piece fell down from its place and it was kind of thought attaching it to its position again.Also the color was slightly different from the other items and doesn't look like I expected.
If you're looking for good sunglasses for a cheap price, then these will get you halfway there.  At least (at present) they're cheap.  These sunglasses are not awful, and if that sounds like damning with faint praise, then I succeeded in my goal.  These are worth $30.  They're not worth $40.The metal is okay, but the hinges are stiff.  At least they're not wiggly or loose.Also, in particular for some of you, the frame is kind of small in width, so if you have a slightly larger head than is average, then they'll touch or pinch your temples.
i ordered the dark red jacket, which turned out to be garishly bright red. also, i am typically a medium, and the medium jacket was enormous on me. i was swimming in it. that said, the jacket looks to be of a high quality, so i'm just exchanging it for a different size/color.
I wear XXL in almost all of my jackets, especially work gear. This fits like a XXXL. Besides having to exchange it for a smaller size, its a nice jacket.
Ok, so I took my chances and ordered a Large because that's what my husband's size is in Carhartt jackets. It came and I wasn't surprised after reading other's reviews that it was way too big. Otherwise, it is exactly like picture.
I had one of these jackets for about 6 years, beat the heck out of it but it still looked and fit great.  My dryer broke the zipper sadly so i decided, 6 years, why not get a new one.  The cuffs around the sleeves and waist are horrible compared to the old one and it just doesn't feel the same, material-wise.  I actually still wear the old one unless its real cold and i need to zipper it up then i put this on.Just saying, if you had this one for a while and expect to get a new one and it fit the same, it won't.
Great in the cold but not in the rain; very bulky jacket, good construction; however when it rained its definitely NOT waterproof; only water resistant and then on top off it; it bleed black dye.
We were sorry that this jacket was not available in green. Also it doesn't appear to be made out of canvas. The lining was also not what we expected the quilted flannel to be.
I ordered the brown color and it's more of a dark blond.  Luckily my daughters hair is light brown so it worked.  I wasn't crazy about these, but they did work.
Maybe it's a generational thing?  I find them easy to use (I'm in my 50's) but the girls hate these.  They love the ponybuns (another product) and they love the snoods.  I find these nets very nice quality, easy to use but sort of delicate for every day use.
I really liked the flexible sole and the easy-on velco, but the shoes wore pretty badly (and quickly) along the lacing area. Our 15 month old loved them and also received numerous compliments on how cute they were, but for $25, I expected them to hold up better.
I'm a small, but I have a biggish top and so this (as well as the merlot version, which I had also ordered) did not fit me. Since the photo quality was not that detailed, for this one as well as the merlot one, the curduroy was much thicker than I thought. Also like the merlot, I wish I had a better clue about the floral pattern before I bought it; seeing it more clearly now I don't like the pattern. I am sending this back to get it refunded.
When I ordered this item the description clearly said "suede" handbag but it's faux suede.  Still, it's a nice roomy bag and I used it as a diaper bag while on vacation last year- so with the laced details and large brass rings it did look a lot more chic than my normal diaper bag.  Only one inner pocket so it's really hard to keep things organized.
I purchased this as a gift, and overall the quality is good.  But there are no compartments, and the bag is so tall that items would get lost in the bottom.  I did not give it as a gift, and will likely return it.
It is OK. The belt hook is to short and does not stay affixed to the belt. I would probably not have purchased if I had been able to see it first hand.
The small backs are wonderful, they do the job.  The larger backs won't stay in place for me, and they don't sit propoerly on my ear.  They seem to tip so that they are almost horizontal by the end of the day.  It's weird and hard to explain. Suffice it to say that I don't wear the larger ones because of this issue.
I was only disappointed with larger backs in this package.  I was hoping they were much larger for my bigger and heavier earrings.  Not much bigger than the regular backs.
Does exactly what it is supposed to.. no fuss no muss..  Not sure what the star like one is for..
THESE WERE JUST AS DESCRIBED. VERY COMFY. A LITTLE BIT LONGER THAN WHAT I HAD HOPED FOR, BUT I LOVE EVERYTHING ELSE ABOUT THEM!!
looked good but too small.  not what size I ordered.  had to give to my sister in law.  she likes them
I received this ear cuff and it looked just as it was described. But it bends very easily and isn't that comfortable to wear.
The fishhook that goes in your ear is very large.  In fact too large for my pierced ear.  If your lobes are stretched they will probably be okay.  Other than that they are cute enough.
The size is just right and just what I wanted - however I do not like the way the straps are both on the same side of the bag and so it does not hang quite straight -
I was so excited to get this until I saw that its size is not what I would call large...I was hoping that this would take the place of my little backpack, after I'd read other reviews and info, but at minimum it needed to fit my small planner. It does not - I would have to choose between my planner and the Baggallini, and I won't because the planner works so well for me in so many ways.I do love the style and interior organization of the Baggallini, though.
what can i say you get what you pay for they last a few washes then fall apart