I got this watch for my 13 year old daughter. I was stunned when I opened it. I thought it was big and ugly, but she loves it. She's had it just under a month and so far it is still ticking away. Her only comment was that she wished it had a light. For $3 I never expected a light. I never expected much of anything, so I bought four watches, figuring that they would quit after a bit. But all four are still working. Shipping from our friends in China was surprisingly fast - about 7 days.Update - I bought these watches in February, now in October they are all still working! Three of the original four have been worn by my kids, one almost constantly, and there are no broken bands. I never expected this from such cheap watches.
The bags are lovely and will make great Christmas gifts!  The patterns are gorgeous.  Very durable, good size and shape.  I have some like this and use them all the time very grocery shopping.  The only thing I'd change about these particular bags is the texture - softer cloth and less plasticy.
This rosary was so beautiful that I ordered another.  Its array of multi color beads are unique as each is different.  Came back to buy another for a gift.  Found it to be no longer available.  Hoping for a return on the market. I have had many ask to where I got it from.
I bought this as a gift for a friend and she loved it
This was great buy for my daughter, she and her friends have used this with many costumes. It has a great finish, and for the price, its lasted us many uses. Excellent buy.
These bottles are 3 oz, although I don't see this indicated here. When I traveled to Europe, I wanted to get the largest bottles that were allowed onboard so I could take plenty of liquid in each bottle. What I discovered was, I really needed smaller sizes so I could take a greater number of bottles in the quart plastic bag that is required. If I used all 3 oz bottles, I could only take a few bottles. This seems obvious now, but I didn't think of it at the time. Other than that, these are high quality bottles, and they even look nice.
This item arrived very quickly in the mail, and it holds a lot of items.  I am very satisfied with the quality of this product.
Very well made, especially with the velcro tabs on the bottom that hold the tote in place if placed on a carpeted surface. Would rate it 5 stars if it would stay open by itself when you go to put something in it. It takes one person to hold it open and one person to put in the first bag. It stays open after the first bag or item is inside. I like the way the tote folds in half and has the handles above it which is very convenient to store when not in use.
This organizer is simple and does what it is designed for very well.  Only con I have found, is the collapsible feature of this product causes the sides to fold in on themselves because the sides are not as stiff as I wished. Other than that, if you are looking for something simple that does what it is suppose to do then it does it well.
this logic case provides ample storage for groceries and if you have the strength you can carry the entire case into the house
Bought a pair of these at a warehouse store, and they're ingenious. They fold up to a very compact size (to fit out of the way, or in a cargo bin/pocket), open up to a huge size to hold 1/2 a dozen grocery bags (or other stuff), preventing the bags from shifting around too much during the drive home. They even have handles and a zippered top for transport into the house. Thank you, Case Logic, another winning application.
When I first got this in the mail, I thought that it was rather large, but it fit so nicely in the back of my SUV.  I have mine set up vertically against the driver's side of the car and still have lots of room on the passenger side of the trunk to hold other things when I need to.  I love the outside mesh pockets, which are great for holding small items.  I also love that this thing can zip up with everything inside rather than leaving it open, but leaving it open is great when you are holding bulkier or tall items.  I don't think that I am ever going to run out of room with this organizer as it is very spacious.There are two cons though: 1) the velcro on the bottom doesn't really grasp the carpet in the back of my SUV.  It may just be my carpet (my car is less than 6 months old); however, I have enough stuff inside that it doesn't slide around.  2) There are no internal dividers, which would be nice instead of just one large open space.
I purchased this trunk organizer as a Christmas gift for a friend to use in his 2004 Ford f150. My friend seems to really like his organizer and is happy with it as a substitute for a similar unit that I use in my 2010 Ford F150. I personally like my unknown brand organizer because mine has two dividers that separate the cargo organizer into three bins for storage. Both units fold easily to be put away behind or under the rear seat in an extended cab pickup. My friend likes that his organizer has a zippered cover while my unit does not have that feature.
This item is a great help for folks who like to keep things organized, and don't want stuff rolling around in their trunk.  We keep tools, a towel to kneel or lay on if the car breaks down on the side of the road, paper towels to wipe dirty hands, jumper cables, emergency flares and triangles, etc, in it. It keeps everything neat and in one place, instead of scattered around in the car!
Bought this for my wife for Christmas so she could "de-clutter" her car's trunk space. It works well and helps with allowing the trunk to have more space.
I originally had a crate that I threw all the items in that I need to carry in the back of my SUV. After it fell apart, this was the item I decided to try. Due to the description, I didn't realize it was a completely soft case with no permanently standing sides, but I decided to go with it anyways. I am actually very happy with the design as it is very nice to stuff it as full as I need and not have the limitations of rigid sides and I love being able to zip it shut and have it look that much neater.  The zipper also allows me to put other items in when needed that I don't want people to see from looking in the windows. The outside pockets are great for keeping frequently used items handy and the nylon material will not attract any fur from my dogs who ride in back with the organizer. All in all, a very good purchase and leap of faith.
Since it's hot in Cancun in May, the costume worked just like one would expect/want. No complaints, this is as advertised. We wanted minimal costuming, and this was a nice addition.
It looked good when it didn't flip over.  It's not very sturdy, but it helped make the outfit look better.
The Tiffany's version is super expensive. These are clean and simple. They get the job done.
My husband loves these handkerchiefs.  They are very soft and clean up easily.  He keeps one with him every day.
I wanted a suitcase that could take the knocks and was easy to see on the carousel.  Mine is bright orange and will be hard to lose!  I've taken approx 20 airplane trips with it and it's okay so far.  I'm always concerned about locking it because of FSA regulations etc, but that's not the suitcase's fault!  I once had some DVDs stolen in Boston Logan, so I never put valuables in my check-in suitcases anymore.Nice price for a nice suitcase!
I used this case for two years as a more sturdy alternative than the carrying case that came with my laptop. It is durable, reliable, roomy to the max, and the outside pocket is great. There are sections for phone and power cords, biz cards, and pens. The main drawback that my chiropractor lectured me on was that by carrying the computer on one shoulder, I am making him lots of $. So I took a deep breath and upgraded to the Trager 740B Cross Country Laptop Back-Pack.
I bought this for my pre-schooler.  The school required a bag with no wheels.  I also wanted a bag that was a little unique that didn't have cartoon characters on it.  This bag is the perfect size for my little girl (she's almost 4) and she'll be able to use this bag for several more years as the straps are adjustable.  This could even be used by an adult for a small daypack.The inside is roomy enough to fit a change of clothes, small books, lunch and papers.  Or for a traveling adult -- some snacks, wallet, guidebook, thin jacket and travel umbrella.  My only complaint would be that the inside isn't quite big enough to fit an average size piece of paper so art projects get a bit bent -- not a huge deal!
This is a good back but not very good back. Color is ok, But I like silver color more.
This pack was rated very high by Backpacker Mag in 2001, but I've never seen the price go down (hence the loss of one star)!  It's extrememly light and comfortable, but may be too big for an overnight trip versus a couple of days or longer...
The Stylus pen that comes with it is a tad too long for the binder.
This is a very rugged roomy laptop bag with a lot of compartments.  I fly every week for work and have had this case for three months now.  It holds my laptop, ipod, headphones, sunglasses, book, and files with room to spare and still looks great.The only issues I have is that the case is too wide to roll down the aisle on airplanes.  Also if you fly on a smaller commuter plane you'll usually be forced to gate check the bag as it is considered too big to go on board with you.
I got this backpack for my birthday. I requested it because of the amount of space and the hidden laptop compartment. It has turned out to be the most comfortable backpack I've ever had. Both the straps and back are padded well and the straps are wide and curved to fit comfortably. They don't dig into my shoulders at all. My laptop weighs a little over 8lbs and I can't even feel it in the pack.My only complaint is that there is no padding at the bottom of the laptop compartment. There is a decent amount of padding around the sides, but absolutely none at the bottom or the top. I'll make modifications, but if you're really concerned about this, you should try a different backpack.
I've thoroughly used this bag for almost a year and a half and have had nothing but a great experience.  Please don't pay attention to the person who said this bag is made out of cheap material.  She hurt her own credibility by stating that she just got the bag, how can you make a decision on the quality and how long it will last if you haven't used it?I've commutted to law school everyday with this bag filled with large books and my laptop for a long time now and have been rewarded with a quality bag.Only cons are the weak padding and the fact that the CD player apocket is not protected to kep water from getting through the zipper.Highly recommended.
I love everything about this bag. I am a nursing student and have lots of books and binders to carry in addition to my laptop (Apple iBook.) On a day with a heavy work load I can usually carry three books, each about 1.5 inches thick, as well as three 1 inch binders, all at one time. There is also plenty of compartment storage for everything from pencils to calculators. I especially like the clip located inside one of the pockets so that you can attach your keys to avoid them getting lost in your bag. I do wish there was more padding in the back so heavy loads weren't felt as much. I don't have problems with the straps slipping off, although the material on the inside of the strap is a little smoother than that of my other backpacks. Overall, you can't beat the price of this pack for the amount of space you get. I would definately buy another if the need arose.
It could use more laptop protection, but otherwise I have no complaints. Perfect for a college student/part time pro. It can carry your laptop, notes, books, odds and ends, w/o much weight on your shoulders.I am getting ready to go back to school, and this is exactly what doctor ordered. Certainly, an excellent buy.
Now that so many airlines have cut meal service...  Do we really miss that nasty food anyway???  I certainly don't & this is considered a personal item on most airlines ~ so you still get to take your carry on...It's made for one, but you can easy fit enought food for too, since they still have beverage service.
Bag is great with many pockets.  It has enough space to hold a 15" laptop and another small laptop.Replaced the bag after a year.  The fabric around the handle wore and it fell out.
The utility kit is an excellent item, but beware it's very large.  That means great for containing all your items in one piece, but it's not really suitable for travel.The colour is great and it looks sturdy.  Recommended.
I use this to provide a little extra protection for my laptop in my bike bag.  This will not protect from falls or impacts by itself but is great for a little more piece of mind.
Good quality. Beautiful color. However had a side zipper which my husband didn't like as much as a top zipper.
This is a lovely small bag, and I would have given it five stars if I had owned it long enough to be sure that the strap won't come loose; if it had the strap connected to the bag with some sort of hardware (the way Coach always used to do it before they sold out), rather than sewn in, I would be more certain.  To be fair, the bag costs much less than Coach would have charged, and so far the strap seems quite solidly attached.The leather is soft and smooth, and the bag will go anywhere from extremely casual events to all but the most formal; it's neat and maintains a good, simple appearance.  There's no sign of a label of any sort--I've never been happy walking around in public carrying somebody's advertising (or what amounts to a price tag).The one thing that I really like more than anything else is the length of the strap--nice and long.  Not all of us live on the mean streets, and not all of us think that a comfortable place for a shoulder bag is right in your armpit.  The strap here is long and flexible, so that you can access the bag's contents without removing it from your shoulder, and it isn't constantly slipping.It is a bit small, but I find it quite big enough for a wallet, a phone, keys, small pad and pen, at least minimal makeup, and my keys--with a little room left over. I've been happy with it.
I like all aspects of the overnighter except one.  With the telescoping handle mounted on the outside of the bag, there is definitely more room for contents inside the bag.  The problem is since I am shorter than six feet tall, the base of the telescoping device (because of the angle to the ground) which is plastic, often scrapes on the ground. When the surface is concrete, it is wearing away the base of the unit in addition it sometimes makes the overnighter more difficult to pull and it becomes more as if I am dragging rather it than pulling it.
My husband wore this without any problems for a trip that required we carry cash - usually we just travel with credit cards.  This worked well and we had no problems.  It was comfortable enough for what it was and the zippers, clips, etc all worked as expected.
This was a great way to discretely carry my personal items around China. The elastic band was adjustable and was quite comfortable. I also bought the one that you wear around the neck. I actually found that one a little more useful. It's awkward to pull up your shirt and peel down your waistband to access the travel wallet. It went through airport security without setting off the metal detector as well. That's important to me because I hate wasting time at those security checkpoints. The only thing I would recommend is to place the important documents (passport, money, etc.) in plastic ziplocks before placing them in the wallet. You most likely will sweat while wearing this item and you will find your materials wet if you don't cover them in plastic.
This travel belt was used on a 2 week Europe trip in October.  Weather was hot and then cooled down.  Its a great bag for important documents/money that you do not need to access regularly.  You will get odd looks if you dive into your pants for money or passports. I kept other items like $ to access more frequently in a secure shoulder travel wallet and loved them both. The shoulder wallet was easy to access at any time and was fine worn on top of clothes too.  I felt that it was not necessary in South France and Northern/Basque areas of Spain (Bilbao, San Sebastian,etc)as these areas felt very safe. People wore wallets in pockets and there was no problem.  However, I was very happy to have a secure hidden place for important items when in Rome, Naples areas.  Did not have to wash bag, did not have sweating issues or latch issues with this product.
You absolutely must have this when traveling.  It keeps all of your important documents and money out of sight.  It is comfortable to wear.
I sent my father-in-law on a trip and loaded him with too much cash to feel comfortable carrying in a wallet in a pocket.  One could always keep the wallet in the front pocket, but then with so much cash and possibly a passport taking that space, it would be uncomfortable.  That's always been my method and I never liked it.During the actual international travel, one needs access to their passport but not to all the cash they may be carrying.  This security belt did the trick and should last a lifetime with normal use.  While another alternative could be to get a shirt or vest with a secure and private inside pocket, those alternatives are more expensive, less secure and would remove less stress.  For our intended use, this was for peace of mind.Obviously if you're going to be traveling in areas within a country and subject to possible robberies, this is probably not going to help unless the robbery is quick and in a public area where you only have to hand over your wallet or purse.  That's because they're always going to search you, and you'd have to find much more secretive ways to keep some of your money, such as having a few large bills sewn into an article of clothing that they don't want to steal.But for just getting on a plane, using ground travel in unfamiliar areas and negotiating tight, packed crowds with possible pickpocket teams working the area, this will dramatically reduce your stress and because of that, I did not think twice about the price.  When I get it back, I'll keep it inside my luggage so it's ready to go when I have a trip and want to use it.Other than that, I can inform that the two compartments, both with zippers, are sufficient for the use.  Anything more than that would result in something probably too thick for the purpose, and I think you don't want to have something bulky for this purpose.  Ideally, you need something thin, sufficiently strong, and comfortable yet with a slight feeling that it is there.  This product does all that.
Bought it for my brother who was traveling Europe.  He wore it for 2 weeks straight, brought it home very smelly. Mom washed it and now it looks and smells new.  He said that he almost forgot he was wearing this; I guess it means it was comfy for him.  It carried his passport, credit cards, Euros and Francs. Mom was worried about the plastic clasp, but made the whole trip without an issue.  Knowing my brother he was not too gentle with it either.  Now it does not smell, I may take it with me on my next trip.
This security belt fit everything that I needed (cash, credit, passport) with no problem.  I traveled during cooler weather, so no issues with sweat.  As with all travel belts, not the most easily accessible, but it did the job and kept all my valuables safe.  There is plenty of extra elastic cord and I just trimmed off the excess to fit my frame.  All in all, a good product.
I spent two months wearing this belt every day, so I feel as though I can effectively comment on the usefulness of the product. I am an individual with a fine boned frame and small hips, so my comments will be directed towards that. Further, I am in the age group where female pants never come near the navel, so is also affects my review. This was a good purchase, and no matter which country I was in, with family or in a hostel, I always wore this belt.PROS*Great way to keep all important documents in one SAFE place*Zippered pockets (and mesh dividers) made it easier to divide items*Had enough room for over $1,500 in cash in varying currencies in bills and coins(so, different weights, thicknesses, and sizes), in addition to my passport, security badge, and 6 cards (credit, ID, insurance), and transportation/tourist function passes*Material is lightweight*Item is sturdy and well-built, feels like it will last...and it made it through two months of constant use and still looks new*I was able to wear it 24 hours/day for two months and had no allergic reactions/adverse side-effectsCONS*Sticking your hands down your pants to grab money isn't the most attractive or inconspicuous thing to do*In crowded areas, it can be a hassle to actually get to the items because the money belt is under clothes. Arguably, this is why it IS safe, but I certainly had some weird looks while seemingly fishing in my pants for my money...especially noticeable when in line at busy venue*Very difficult for women to wear, especially those of us who don't wear pants that come to the waist or loose fitting pants...not the most convenient thing to wear*Maybe due to my body type, but this slipped down a lot and put a lot of pressure on my abdomen, I adjusted it throughout the day to no avail*Must be placed carefully, otherwise bending is restricted depending on where your body naturally folds*Can be irritating to maneuver around when using the restroom...pull it up, or down with pants? No matter which I chose, it was awkward and the buckle popped off quite a few times (and one time almost swung right into the toilet) and this is especially noticeable if carrying lots of coins, as I wasOverall, I recommend this for anyone traveling anywhere (I was in a country with lower crime rates than the USA), including theme parks. I work in an airport and have seen all sorts of odd contraptions for important documents, and still believe this money belt to be the best choice. As happy as I am to no longer wear the thing, the fact that I was able to put up with it for two straight months while hiking through cities and mountains is a testament to the comfort, durability, and safety, and would purchase again/recommend to others.
This money belt does what it's supposed to do.  Might be better without so much stretch to the strap used to secure it in place.
I have worn this on two trips, one about 10 days long, the other about 21. I would definitely recommend it.This belt is comfortable on the waist, and at least for me didn't trap too much heat or get sweaty. The strap is much like most of these belts, it's soft, stretchy, and really long. After getting an idea of what size you need, cutting the strap down and re-sewing the end really helps.This particular belt is a bit large for my tastes, and if you have much in it, you may notice you're stiff where you're wearing this belt when you bend or sit. Wearing it on the side definitely helps with that. But the nice thing is that you also can store two passports, some papers, receipts, paper money, credit/debit cards, and coins without really sacrificing on comfort.This is probably not a great choice if you'll be really active, but it is otherwise a comfortable, versatile choice. I would buy one again, I only knocked off the star because of how excessive the strap is for me. I wish I could go 4.5 stars instead.
Adequate for it's intended purpose. I gets a little loose sometimes when you are active and moving around. Have to keep tightening.
The security belt survived the trip to France.  It was comfortable and easily fitted underneath my clothes.  I am pleased with my purchase.
I wore this item for several days while my wife and I were on a Mediterranean Cruise.  (Not all day long...just on shore!)  I was initially concerned that carrying a bunch of stuff would leave some unsightly bulging, but I carried a modest wad of Euros, a few dollars and some plastic.  There was no issue...the belt was lightweight and most of the time, I didn't notice it was there.  Frankly, the biggest downside to wearing one of these is the act of digging into it for money.  There's no way to do that without feeling like a dork!Yes, it is roomy.  It doesn't look it, but it could easily accomodate passports and some other items.  There are several pouches.  I wish they zipped in opposite directions.  For example, in the top pocket, I had cash and in the bottom I had plastic.  Sometimes when needing to get cash, I would unzip the plastic pocket and then realize my mistake, rezip and then unzip the other...usually all while standing in line at a ticket booth and trying to stay cool (in other words, without hunkering over my crotch digging for money).  If the zippers moved in opposite directions, I would have remembered "the zipper on the right is for cash, on the left is for plastic."  This is about the only suggestion I have.This never really rubbed the wrong way, and if I secured it correctly in the first place, never began to creep down my pants.  We did A LOT of walking, and there was no chafing...so I have to give this a recommendation.
I used the money belt for three weeks in Europe and it worked fine. The only problem that I had with it was trying to get hold of the zippers so I tied a short piece of twine to the zipper and it worked better.
Priced sweetly. Decent volume and sturdy enough for the price. Used it intensively on two trips - one to Brazil and another to Philippines - in both cases, was wearing it continuously except while sleeping for a week each time. Had passport stored in it, apart from cash. It handled the abuse well! I highly recommend the product.
I wore the belt pretty regularly for 10 days & never had a problem with it.  It was pretty comfortable & after a few minutes I would forget that I was wearing it. The two compartments are perfectly sized for a passport & cash.
I bought this for my Mom, who gets uncomfortable when she drives to work.  She uses this pillow every day and loves it.  After about 2 months of use the pillow couldn't stay inflated for more than 10 minutes.  I wasn't there to check it out, but I suspect there was a problem with the air nozzle /stopper or the airtight skin.  Eagle Creek has a fairly good return /repair policy so I sent it back.My Mom liked this pillow so much that I bought another pillow for her while she waits for the Eagle Creek return
Works as advertised and breathes so you don't sweat. I have used it on 6 domestic flights originating out of Alaska and it has worked great regardless of which cabin I was seated.
This is a great bag to organize a lot of stuff in a little space.  I have had 3 and the only shortcoming is that the place where the strap attaches tends to wear out before the bag does.  I would still recommend it highly.
This posture garment helped my back, but can sometimes be a little uncomfortable -- it tugs on my shoulders at times. It's well made and reasonably priced. It washes up well, but don't put it in the dryer.
I bought these to wear with a backless dress and I was surprised by how well they worked for me.  A bra store in NY recommended these and I had doubts that they would work since I am full-figured (32DD).  The lift is quite pronounced and they stuck all night long.  The only complaint I have is that they do not supply any shape at all.  I also wish they were not one size fits all, as I would have preferred more coverage.  The bra store, however, suggested layering two pairs on top of each other, which proved to be a rather elegant solution.  I will be ordering more and will be less worried about going braless in the future.
I am glad I bought these- I used them for a backless halter cocktail dress. The only complaint I have is that they are not quite wide enough and squish you kind of weird (or flatten) if you put it on too tight. I am a 36C and I can say I would definitely use these again, they did the job
These worked very well under a halter-type dress.  I definitely need support and can't ever go braless.  They were comfortable and held like they were supposed to, although I'm glad I did a "trial" run at home with one pair to test the proper placement and application.  The other reviewer is correct, you can't wear these with any kind of strapless dress/top or you'll see the tops of these.  Works best with a halter or other deep-v clothing.
First time ever trying a product like this. It worked for the evening under a backless top. I was surprised at how strong the adhesive was when I took them off but was glad it worked. Had to trim the tops of the product off and was concerned about the rippling at the edges but it worked fine.
It does the job!  Sticks well, but do not remove and try to reposition. Works well for added 'lift'.  Works great for tops/dresses that are low cut!
Most of the reviews I've read are people sort've complaining about how they don't support over a B cup and people have said definitely not a D cup. Well the product description says it's only for A-C cups anyway. Also, the biggest complaint I've read is that they were too big so if you wore them with a strapless dress/top you could see them sticking out. I've read up on these on other sites. They all say that one of the great things about these are that you can cut them to work with what you're wearing and they still work. Writing this information for people who have already purchased these and didn't know this or people who are considering purchasing them.
If you are large chested, I'm not sure how it works for you. But for me, a full B small C cup, it worked great. I hate wearing clothing so anytime I can get away with wearing less, I will. I wore these 1) in a NYC club, 2) in 95 degree weather, 3) for 5+ hours, 4) under a sheer peach dress. It stayed on and up! Gave me a nice shape. Has great adhesive, and very long staying power. So much so that it kinda hurt to remove. It was plastered on. Sort of :). The only real con was that when placed it has ridges on the side that may be visible through thinner clothing, but its not crazy noticeable. I cut the top parts off and it worked well too, for wear with tube tops and all. Basically, if you are smaller chested, and are decently satisfied with how your breasts lay naturally on your body without a bra, these will make you very happy. Recommended!
I am a 34 B and used these for a tank dress with a low cut slit in the front that would have shown a regular bra. I had these on for over 7 hours at a wedding, while dancing. They didn't show any signs of peeling off, even with some perspiration. I cannot speak on behalf of anyone with larger cup sizes, but if you have A or B cups, I would definitely recommend this product! Plus it comes with five pairs!
Bought it for my wife and it met all my expectations. The quality is good and it goes well with Money Deluxe Wallet
Nice but too small. Good for little things, if youre looking for cosmetic bag or pencil case you should go for the Creativity Pouch in large
Ok for small items, not made for bulky things you might carry. Love the material and light weight. Good for a small run out the door wallet/lipstick, not good for hold it all.
I love all things Kipling. I was expected a small pouch with zipper to keep in my bag that I use everyday. This thing is huge! It has to compartments when you open it, plus a small zippered center within the bag.
I think this bra is great.  Offers maximum suport, keeping the "girls" in place.  The velcro straps are a bother at times but overall I am really pleased with this purchase.
I cannot tell you how much my son loves this suit! I ordered it for Christmas and there was a problem and it arrived late or I would've given it 5 stars. It is a very good quality, heavy-duty suit! This will last for multiple children-- maybe even multiple generations!
My son was so proud to wear this costume for Halloween and on a tour of the local fire station.  It's great quality.  The jacket will fit for two seasons, but I think the pants will only last one - they seem to run a little smaller than the jacket.
Jacket and overalls were too large for my grandson, no problem.  But there was no helmet included and believe me he noticed.
Jr. Fire Fighter Suit with helmet, size 6/8 (black)This was great! My family enjoyed seeing my son in this suit.  He wears it often and we used it for Halloween too.  Well worth the price.
My son is 33 inches tall and 24 lbs and the suit fits perfectly for all those wondering about the sizing. It almost fits so perfectly the next size up would have been okay. I rated the suit four stars only because one of the buckles broke on the overalls the day we received it- but nothing that can't be fixed with superglue.
This is the cutest fireman's outfit I have seen. It looks great and seems very durable. My one complaint is that the helmet came slightly distorted. I don't know if that happened during shipping or was shipped that way but it was a bit disappointing.
This fireman's suit is close to the real thing and quality is very good. The sizing is a little big, but gives you enough room to grow. This is a great product.
I purchased this costume for my 4 year old for Halloween.  It is a really cute and realistic costume.  There was a small fire in our neighborhood a week ago, and the fireman that responded had uniforms that looked EXACTLY like this costume.  Could not be more realistic. It is also well made.  My only complaint would be the buckles/latches on the coat.  They were stuck into place and I had to use pliers to get them loose.  One of them is actually broken.Overall a great product and my son is Thrilled!
We got this for my 4 year old who is 100% firefighter.  He has had several costumes over the years that he has worn down to threads, but they have been just the cheep dress up costumes.  We got this for him for his birthday and boy was he excited. It is truely as authentic as you can get and if you have a true firefighter, this is the costume for you.  My LO wears it every single day!!I only gave it four stars because I feel this is partly my fault, but my husband threw it in the wash, and did not secure the velcro before throwing it in.  The velcro stuck to the reflective material in several different places and tore it up, unfortunately on the first wash.  If you wash this, make sure to secure the velcro first so this will not happen.  Its a really expensive outfit to have been torn up the first time we washed it and my LO is pretty disappointed that his perfect costume is not so perfect anymore.
I bought this for my 3 year old son (Halloween 2011) and we've had it for over a year now. He got so many compliments on it while we were out trick-or-treating - it really is an exceptional costume. He still plays with it regularly even though he is starting to grow out of it. The only 2 cons to this costume: the elastic suspenders are very hard to adjust, and the velcro on the jacket always gets stuck to the reflective material and causes it to snag. My son certainly doesn't care, but it bothers me a bit that the costume doesn't look quite as nice as it used to. It would be helpful if it was possible to cover each piece exposed velcro when it goes into the washing machine.
My 2.5 year old son absolutely loves his fireman suit.  He wore it for several days around Halloween and continues to ask to wear it from time to time.  He came by my office on Halloween and received many compliments.  He has been very interested in fire trucks and fire fighters so this was a perfect costume.  The materials are very high quality and the design is very authentic.  Your child will love it.The only negative was that the helmet did not come in the package.  Amazon was very helpful in finding another helmet and sent it overnight.
My son loves this fire fighter suit, his Grandpa is a volunteer fireman and his suit is very similar to this one.  The zipper on the coat broke the first time my son put it on, but he can use the buckles.
We bought this Jr. Fire Fighter Suit as a birthday gift for our 3-year old grandson.  He is so proud of it, and mom & dad were very impressed with the quality.
I ordered this Fireman costume for my 4 year old son for Halloween.  I looked at others that were much less expensive, but the quality was poor.  This costume is great.  I think it will last for years.  It's very realistic and includes the pants with bib, jacket and hat.  I was torn between which size to get for my 4 year old, who just started wearing 4T's.  I decided to get the 4/6, which was a good decision.  It is a little big, but not huge and he'll be able to use it for a few years.  I'm very happy with this purchase.
I bought this costume for my son for Halloween and he wore it 4 times. It is very durable and can still be used by his younger brother in a couple of years, if he wants to be a fireman.  With a t-shirt underneath, even when he takes his jacket off, it looks pretty authentic.  My son loved the costume and we got quite a bit of compliments.  Search for a toy ax, we found one for $5, and it really adds nice to the outfit.  It runs big, so when in doubt order a size smaller.
I had to get this for my 4 yr old nephew! He loves firetrucks and firemen and decided at 4 yrs of age, he would like to be a fireman, so I bought this for him and though the size runs big, he wore it everywhere!! He loved it so much, what a super find!! I am very happy with this purchase. Good price, good product, fast shipping.
This was more money than other firefighters costumes but very much worth it.  It came the week before Halloween. My son wore this so much in 1 week (he is 3 yrs. old by the way)it had to be washed before the holiday. It was beautifully. It has been worn again and again since and has been washed several times. It is one of those costumes that a child will get alot of wear from.  It is also very realistic looking. He loves it. The only complaint he had when he opened it is "Where are the hoses?". LOL
This is a great costume! Really durable and "real" looking. Well worth the money. However, I do have to say I am disappointed with the customer service of Amazon and the seller of this product Costumehub.com. I ordered the "Tan" Jr. Fire Fighter costume and was so excited to receive it. When we received the box, opened it up with our son to see to our surprise it was a "black" Jr. Firefighter Costume. We were very disappointed, that's not what we ordered and not what he wanted.Immediately contacted Amazon. They said to contact the seller. We contacted the seller, and the seller said it was Amazon's fault. That the item they listed was not for a "Tan" it was for a "Black" costume. They offered for us to send the costume back at no charge and get a "credit". I don't want a credit. I want the costume I ordered.I contacted Amazon about our frustrations and they said we'll accept the return, but can't "guarantee" that when we receive the item back that we will have what you want. Why couldn't they send me the "Tan" costume they had advertised on their website, and then I return the product I recieved. That way I know that I would have a costume for my son on Halloween.I sent numerous emails and my husband talked to them on the phone to get the same response every time. "We'll take it back but you get a credit". How am I to receive a credit when they don't have the costume my son wants for Halloween. The customer service on this issue was very disappointing and I have to say that after all the finger pointing and nobody stepping up to the plate to resolve the issue in an immediate manner, I'm pretty sure I will not purchase from Amazon in the future. If they listed the wrong item, then why didn't they own up to the mistake and take care of the problem immediately? Instead of squirming out and saying "you can return it for a credit with no guarantee".Overall, costume is great quality. Wrong color, and bad taste in mouth from customer service and companies being neglectful of the "customer". I highly recommend the manufacturer of costume, but not the seller(s) of the costume.I thought Amazon was a great place to get "good deals". Unfortunately, that's not the case and not worth all the hastle. Ultimately Amazon is the one that advertised this product for sale, so I feel they should stand behind the product they were selling and offer the customer service necessary to make the situation right.
I would have given this 5 stars had the zipper not broken after the first use! Overall it is made well and will last a while. It's not cheap light material as other costumes are made of. I bought the Ax and backpack hose to make a 'complete' firefighter Halloween costume for my son. It was a hit! I would recommend this costume!
Kind of disappointed in this suit. I purchase a tan one a few years ago for the grandson and he played with it all the time. He wanted a new one, but in black this time. The first time he wore it for a Halloween function, the zipper broke. It's now to late to return because Halloween is only a few days away. I will have to take it to a tailor to have it fixed. This material on this suit is not a heavy as the last, although I think it should hold up okay. Just not made as well as the last, a little disappointed.
This costume looks terrific, it looks like a real fire fighter costume.  I bought this for my sons 3rd Birthday and it says that it is a size 2/3 T.  I tried it on him and it was to small.  He weighs 29.5 lbs and is 38 inches tall.  He could hardly bend his elbows or knees and was uncomfortable.  I think this costume runs small and would probably be better for a young 2 yr old.  The quality though was unbeleiveable.
I was very impressed when I opened this package -- this suit is adorable!  My son instantly fell in love with it and wanted to wear it immediately.  The sizing seems a little big, but not too bad (I ordered the child's size 3 and it is slightly big for my child who normally wears 2T and 3T clothing).  Even though it is  a little big, he can still wear it just fine.The reason this suit only gets 4 stars, is that within 20 minutes of my son wearing this suit, one of the fasteners on the front of the jacket fell off.  He wasn't being wild in it or anything, the fasteners just seem a little cheap.  I didn't want to bother with returning the jacket, so I just glued it back on and hope it will stay.  If I hadn't seen the fastener fall off, I would have HAD to return it.My advice: Buy the suit -- it is adorable!  But before your child wears it, just check the fasteners and make sure they are all okay. :0)
The suit initially arrived with no helmet. Amazon was absolutely terrific in their turnaround time and return process was seamless. They even sent a complete new item before we returned the one without the helmet. This is excellent quality and will get a lot of use between halloween and dress up!
The suit is awesome, great quality for a little tyke.  Our one problem -- and we are contacting the dealer about this -- is that the zipper had a flaw, minor problem but needed to be addressed.
This is more than a "Halloween Costume" - it will provide hours of enjoyment and adventure for years to come.
Well fitting and very well made the material is decent and will last! Worth the money paid my son loves it
After reading some reviews on similar products, I decided on this one and I am very happy with it.  The quality of the fabric and durability of the overall outfit is great.  My son loved it when he saw it.  I know he will be able to play in this for a long time.  The costumes sold in stores this time of year are really, really cheap compared to this.  It was well worth the extra dollars!
My son loved this. It looks fairly realistic compared to all the other fire fighter costumes that I looked at. And it has no plastic or vinyl running thru it....all fabric. It runs a little big and is a little darker than tan. More like a deep beige. But all in all still worth the money. My son put it on as soon as it was dropped off and hasn't taken it off yet. :) Fast shipping, reasonable and packed nicely.
I had previously purchased a different fire fighter costume for my three year old. It was poorly made and didn't hold up well at all.  This costume is of a much higher quality and I highly recommend this product.
I do not like the fact that I spent over $50.00 on this product and did not get everything that was supposed to come with it.  The costume was supposed to also have a helmet with it and it was missing.  I wish it was easier to contact the seller throught amazon.com
This is the third one I have bought.  This one doesn't seem to be holding up as well as the other two.  It is losing stitches and has a small cut in the top of the leather.  I will probably buy another when I feel this one is too shabby.
I bought this bag in pink for myself and this green one for my sister to travel through 9 countries in Europe for 5 weeks. It fits soooo much! Loads of pockets and space. I'd highly recommend.
Bought this but it was too big and clumsy for me (5'4").  It was never used and I had to buy another one that fit me better.  Otherwise, it would have been a great bag.
Excellent prduct/service! I ordered the wrong size and the return and replacement process was excellent. My mother loves the slippers! The only downer is the cost of shipping to Hawaii; disproportionately higher than shipping to contiguous mainland states. Makes us feel a bit dis-enfranchised......
I am chemically sensitive and so I was unable to wear these after I got them!!!  I was upset.  I had already had one pair replaced due to a flaw in the sole and was sooo happy that the company was so good to replace the slippers.  I put them on and they felt wonderful but after a few minutes, i had to take them off due to the chemicals they had been treated with, i suppose to protect against bacteria and maybe insects since they are natural sheep skin....  Chemically sensitive people know they have to allow time for some products to 'outgas' so i am happy to report that I am now after about 1 year, i am able to wear the slippers a longer time, they feel really great but will let them 'cure' a little longer before i actually say, 'go fo it!'
Overall very happy with the slippers, nice and snug and warm. One thing I am less happy with is that the color is significantly darker than I was expecting. On looking at the picture again, I can see how with really bright lighting they would look as light as they do in the picture, but be aware they are more of a dark/yellowy tan than the light tan pictured. The inner lining is also much darker than expected. This will probably end up being a blessing in disguise as they will show dirt less well.
This is clearly a good buy.  I have had this bag over a year now.  The wear and tear has begun to show, But after two overseas trip. With all the space and  pockets it is easy to store stuff, which helps me greatly with TSA.
Really can't say anything negative about this bag. It has reflective piping around it, visible at night. My brother likes it and it gets plenty of use since he travels alot. Seems to be the right size, haven't had any complaints.
This a very good duffle bag, exactly as described and as the photo shows.  Wheels very smooth and seem sturdy (just got it so don't know long term, but so far--very good).  Smaller pockets are nice to have for items needed to get to in a hurry.
After playing very sunny spring and fall softball seasons, my 10 yr old daughter really wanted sunglasses before she starts playing again next year.  She looked at some at sporting goods stores and liked them.  When I went back without her to look at them again, I realized the quality was horrible.  Lenses falling out all over the place even though they were all name brands and cost around $30-$40.  I just couldn't bring myself to spend the money on cheap quality glasses.  I did some online research and read all the rave reviews for these glasses.  They weren't the color she wanted, but I knew once she had them she wouldn't care.  Her team color is maroon, so these will match her uniform and she loves them.  She hasn't tried them outside yet, so I only gave 4 stars for now.  Once she does, I'll update my review!
The pearl itself was excellent, as was the rest of the hardware around it. Bu t the chain was a little too, uh, petite. I gave it to my mom as part of the birthday gift and I have no DOUBT that she won't be able to wear it anywhere NEAR her granddaughter. Plus the fine chain and tiny lobster clasp make for easy knots and difficulty putting on the chain. It is pretty, but I expected something a little different.
I bought these for a beach wedding, which is about the only reason I would ever buy white pants like these.  For the intended purpose they worked great.  If you order the long sizes as I did, be prepared to have them hemmed as they are very long.  I have a 34 inch inseam, and rolled them about 5-6 inches.
These nylon boxers dry very quickly and allow a limited number of underwear in your suit case.
I bought these 9 months ago and have gotten so much wear out of them.  They are small, but very sparkly and simple.  These are a great value!
I took this Carry-on with me for a 4 day trip. You definatelyhave to be careful how you pack. It was great though. Veryeasy to handle. Easily fits in overhead compartments. Great price. I would recommend this product for short trips.
As usual, I always think bigger is better. I should know better by now, but! This travel case is one of the finest cases I have ever owned, and I have used the best in my long life. I ordered this specifically for a three day trip to my daughters wedding. I took the train as it it is easier for a handicapped person. When the porter helped me on the train he even commented on the good looks and ease of use of the pull out handle. The wheels worked great and never once tilted or tried to flip over. Loaded with exterior and interior features, it was a pleasure to use. In New York it took a lot of abuse but not one mark appeared on the material they use in production of this case.I am very, very happy with the purchase and I would reccomend it for those who travel for longer periods of time, for those of us just traveling for a two or three day weekend, look at the smaller size.
I am very pleased with the skyway rollaround luggage piece that I purchased in August.
Is light as advertised, which was big on my priority list since airlines dropped the baggage weight coming into the US to 23kg from 33 kg. Gave it 4 stars because it did get scuffed up (surface tears), but it didn't rip, so it works.
I was looking to replace a blue topaz Cartier Tank ring knockoff that I had gotten at Costco for about 150, and recently lost.  At the time I bought that ring, I had actually wanted an aquamarine stone, but such is the shopping experience at Costco: no variety.  I was sad to lose the ring, but when the opportunity came up to seek a replacement, I thought I'd try online at Amazon.  This time, I was going to do it right and get the gemstone I really wanted.Initially I was disappointed that, for this ring, the 2 pictures that were provided by Amazon only showed the top of the ring at an angle.  The second photo was a true profile, which was great, but not nearly enough to cut the mustard.  There should definitely be at least one true aerial view of the ring to get a sense of what it looks like when you are staring straight down at it.  And because jewelry shopping is a very tactile and look-and-feel kind of experience, online jewelry shopping is conceptually at a severe disadvantage.  To make up for this, there should be no fewer than 4 pictures of any piece of jewelry that is sold online - this would make it much easier for customers to make a decision, and likely minimize the number of returns.  Regardless, I worked with what I had, and I made the decision that it looked great on Amazon, and that I would buy it.When I received the ring, I was very pleased with how classy and beautiful it looked in the box.  I was really surprised at how engagement ring-ish it appeared, because the hue of the stone was so subtle that it could almost appear clear at some angles.  In the pictures, it looks like a much deeper blue.  (Luckily, I wear it on my middle finger, so as not to give off any incorrect signals.)  The picture also makes the metal look much heavier and more substantial than it really ended up being.  The top half is more or less hollow - and it's hard to tell that from the picture (though, if Amazon indicated metal weight in grams, the customer might be able to at least guess.  Sigh.)  I'm not saying that the ring is weak or malleable, by any means.  The metal is quite strong - it's just significantly lighter than I expected.  The fake Cartier Tank ring that this was replacing was very bold and robust and it felt heavy and solid, qualities that I really liked and had hoped to recapture a bit of with this new ring.  In general, this aquamarine ring is much daintier than I had expected from the images shown, and not at all the solid, strong piece I had gone in looking for.Though expectations were different from reality, fortunately, for me, I actually don't mind the differences and I quite like the ring.  This may not be true for every customer, so it's safe to say that a recommendation from me should be taken with a huge grain of salt!  I can see how every piece of jewelry could conceivably get a positive recommendation from at least one person, and we know that we've all seen ugly jewelry before, so who is to say you won't find this ring to be hideous?  For me and my specific hand, the ring is a perfect size, perfect color, and perfect style.  And I really owe it all to luck, make no mistake.  It easily could have gone the other way.The most important point to take away from this review is to be sure that whichever merchant you buy from has an excellent return policy (which Amazon does).  When making expensive purchases like jewelry, sight unseen, it's important to know that you can easily return the item.  Only if you are my "hand-twin" can I unequivocally and in good conscience recommend this ring to you.  Otherwise, all we can do is hope for the best.
I ordered this watch in lieu of the $150 equivalent (almost) at J. Crew, and I am so pleased with its looks.  The leather band is simple and classy, the bezel is beautifully shaped and smooth all around, and the face is striking.  It's exactly what I wanted, and well worth the $30 I paid for it.However, to my ears, this watch has an abnormally loud tick.  I've had a number of analog watches, and none tick as loudly as this one.  If I'm sitting in a room with the TV on low, I can hear it ticking.  In the car with talk radio on, I can hear it ticking.  And I swear if I leave it too close to my bedroom door on a table, I can hear it ticking in the night quiet as I fall asleep.  If there is strong ambient noise such as an air conditioner, fan, refrigerator, or low music, you can't hear it at all.  But left sitting on a hard surface in a quiet room, it will tick its way into your subconscious.  I may be overreacting, and I hope I get used to it, but I think buyers who don't like endless repetitive noises deserve fair warning.I couldn't dock more than 1 star because of a seemingly louder-than-usual noise inherent to clocks.  If you don't think you'd mind the ticking, I'd recommend it to anybody.  It's a great look and a great value.
Watch has simple operation, has glow in the dark numbers, good for outdoors, like leather band and has date window included.
Great watch for an affordable price. Watch has some neat features like a date box, hands and numbers that glow in the dark, and the watch itself lights up when you press the crown.The old Timex slogan "It takes a licking and keeps on ticking" holds true as I've had this watch for a little more than 2 years now, wearing it almost everyday and having done many activities, it still runs fine even after falling and rolling during my snowboarding experience. It's pretty good looking in my opinion, even if mine has a million scratches. It ain't a fancy looking rolex, but who wants some fancy pants watch when you can have this timex that will go through hell and still come back with all its pieces intact.The only problems I've had was that the original leather watch strap was a bit uncomfortable for me and felt weird, so I switched to a nylon watch strap. But I think that's just my preference as I like the lightweight nylon materials better. The date feature also seems to change too slow or sometimes it wont change at all, but this started happening after I've had the watch for awhile. Unfortunately for me, I bought this watch at walmart for $50. I should've checked amazon first!Anyway, watch is great, I totally recommended it. Those who have had trouble with the watch probably just got a bad apple :\
Excellent value for the price.  Looks good, easy to read even at night with the indigo feature.  My only issue was with the band. The buckle fell off after I'd had it for a week.  Did go to the watch store on the corner of Tustin and Katella in Orange, CA and they put another buckle on the band for free!  It was very nice of them and maybe a review is not the time to wander off topic a bit, but I feel like I should give them thanks.
Make no mistake - this cheap Timex is no high-end watch, by any stretch of the imagination. It bears all the hallmarks of a cheap watch: Chrome-plated brass case instead of solid steel, low water resistance, that characteristically loud Timex tick. But overall it's still a solid watch for the price. It tells the time with quartz accuracy, lights up like a torch at night, and looks decent doing it. The dial design is a standard field watch in a classic smaller size and a less standard olive green color. For the record, the watch size is more like 36mm than the 40mm listed in the item description. The brass case has a nice brushed-looking finish and a good heft for its size. I swapped out the flimsy leather band for an olive-and-red striped NATO, which improves the simple, rugged look of the watch. Though only rated to 5 ATM, I have worn the watch swimming without problems.This watch is a good option if you're looking for something simple, modest, and understated that will tell you the time without breaking the bank.
I wanted a solid basic watch with a classic design and decent size numbers on the face to wear when I didn't want to wear my other very expensive watch.  This fits the bill.  The entire face lights up in "Indiglo" fashion.  The numbers then appear in silhouette.  It is difficult to see the date in the dark, even with the light, but this really isn't a big deal to me.I'm glad I got this watch and it's a low enough price that I won't feel too bad if I ever damage it.
The watch is great, but the band is difficult to strap on.  Over all, for $35, it is a value
The Timex expedition watch does one thing well:  it keeps time.  Very basic watch, but has an easy to read face and "it keeps on ticking."  I needed a watch to be accurate and easy to read at a glance.  This watch serves my purposes at a price that doesn't break the bank.  Good value for a very functional time piece.  Indiglo feature is an added plus and works well after dark. There are quite a variety of colors and styles of the Expedition model available. I chose this green face and brown band because it blended well with my lifestyle:  outdoors much of the time. Replacement bands are readily available in a variety of styles and colors for the Expedition watch.
I thought the watch was a little larger, which I would have preferred; however, it works great like most Timex watches I've owned and is attractive.  I love the night illumination feature.
This watch is great, so when the strap broke, I bought a new strap for it.  Unfortunately, the pins on the replacement strap aren't as strong as the original, so it fell off my arm one night while biking home.  So, I'm buying a whole new watch.  I really liked the way I could cock my wrist and turn on the indiglo feature without using my other hand.  That was handy.  And it looks good - this watch got me to switch back into the watch wearing community again.
Likes - I love this model of the Timex Expedition.  I bought this one after loosing my last one while playing in the snow (it was 13 years old and going strong).  It keeps incredibly accurate time (based on comparison with my cell phone clock).  I like the indigo-glow so I read it in the dark.  I use the 24-hour clock reference numbers (the inner circle of numbers).  The date feature is easy to set without tweeking the time setting.Dislikes - I added a Speidel Twist-O-Flex band because I found the buckle on the leather band too cumbersome for me to strap on.I recommend this watch.
I like the watch a lot, but , unfortunately, seemed to have developed an allergic reaction to the leather strap. I need to buy another strap not made from leather. Hope that I can switch them myself .
What can I say, it is a Timex Expedition. Looks nice. Battery lasted ten days.  Should have known something was up when it started losing time after about five days. Not sure what the deal is but I went to Walmart to get a battery put in. They ruined it so gave me one off the shelf. Same price as Amazon.
I ordered this watch for my 14 year old son.  It came nicely packaged and in good working order.  The band is both attractive and functional.  The watch is simple and easy to read.  An overall good choice in a low cost watch.  Recommended.
The watch is good with night illumination.  It clicks fairly loudly but does not bother me although it sometimes distracts me when I am trying to sleep.  The night illumination is good.  The watch seems rugged.  For the price it is quite good deal.  The band is too narrow and stiff for my tastes.  Once the band is trashed, I will replace it with a slightly wider velcro and nylon type, more suited to a basic, rugged all weather watch.Update to my review as of July, 2008).  My initial reservations about the band persist.  It is made of a stiff, weird leather-sort of substance, which might be leather, but hard to tell.  It is increasingly uncomfortable and I really need to replace it - i am just lazy about replacing something that still basically works.  The watch itself is good.  The battery is nearly dead, so the illumination has not worked for months, but the watch still keeps good time.
I received the watch yesterday and for $30 it looks pretty good.  (It was actually cheaper in Walmart.)  A number of reviewers have indicated how loud the tick is with Timex watches.  Perhaps it's an advantage of getting older, but-what tick?  (LOL)  The band is pretty nice-it becomes more flexible as you wear it.  It fit me using the middle of nine holes.  The "Indiglo" is definitely nice feature especially if you wear your watch to bed and like checking the time in the middle of the night.  This replaces a fifteen year old LL Bean watch, for which I got a refund since they couldn't replace the crystal and the current versions are huge.  The only reason I gave it four stars and not five is I'd like to see how long it lasts.  Does it truly "Take a lickin and keep on tickin?"  If I get two or three years out of it I'll be happy since it comes with only a one year warranty.  Timex has an extended five year warranty so I called them and got it for $5-probably good insurance.
I have owned my Expedition now for 3 years and it takes a beating when I wear a watch. I like especially the military vintage look with the red second hand sweep. For the price, you can't go wrong.The only negative thing I don't like is the month day counter. This is useless and I have to constantly re-adjust it to get it on the right date. Timex engineers I am sure could do better than than.  Now, I just leave it go.Otherwise, I love it and my wife loves it too.
I like the dark face with brown leather look. This was reasonably priced. The face isn't black but dark olive green, but it has the look and good readability that I like. Had it for around a month. I didn't think I'd use Timex's Indiglo light-up dial feature, but found myself using it more than expected. Does come in pretty handy.
The style and durability-look of this watch will not disappoint.  The dial is extremely attractive and everything easy to read.  If I had one negative (ever so slight) it would be that the band seems a little stiff, and if you have a smaller wrist it's a bit difficult at first pulling it to the right "hole".  But it is becoming more pliable wearing it.  This watch is quiet.  The ticking does not annoy like another Expedition that I have, but that one is going on 4 years and still running.  It was just time(ex) for something different.
My husband goes through watches. The battery dies and a new battery then does not last long. This one has made it 3 months now. Hopefully when it needs a new battery it will &#34;keep on ticking&#34; as Timex liked to say!
the build quality of this watch is okay for daily use.  you won't lose any sleep when it gets scratches/damaged, since it's not an expensive watch to begin with.  the band is water resistant leather. other people complained this watch is clicking very loud, and they're absolutely correct.  the clicking is so loud that you can hear it when you're driving above 40mph (w/ radio off).  it can be mistaken at first that you've accidentally left the car signal flasher on.  at first glance, this watch does look like a military watch/compass, since the white gradient appears to be in mils between the second markings.  but on close examination of these small graduations between the second markings, these white markings aren't in mils (basically there are 6400 mils in 360 degrees/in a circle).  they don't have any useful purpose, except, for looking cool. although the indiglo illuminates the face of the watch for time in the dark, the day won't be visible though (it appears as a black tiny square).  overall, i'm happy with this purchase.  i hope the battery will last more than a year.
This is an easy to read economical watch with a comfortable leather band.It is rugged and sporty.  It's what I like.  My last Timex lasted for 20 yearsjust replacing the batteries and band.
I've had this watch for a few days now and am really liking it so far. I bought it as an alternative to the J.Crew Timex military watch. The J.Crew Timex is nice. I really liked the size and shape of the case, but it comes across as too contrived with the distressed face and case finish. I'm not paying $100 for a quartz movement and no date function. Plus, every tool on the block has that watch now.This Timex Expedition has the same case as the J.Crew Timex and, like I said, it's a great size and shape. The case also has a nice shine to it. The time has been quite reliabe thus far. It loses a negligible amount of seconds per day, which is to be expected. The face is a dark olive green which sets it apart from other field watches and gives it a militaristic appearance. The band is fine in my opinion, but I opted to remove it so I could use different NATO straps. A leather NATO looks great on this watch. It gives it a very tough look. Black also compliments it well.The only con I could find with this watch is that the second hand does not match up perfectly with the indices. But this is a common issue with cheap watches and doesn't effect the overall function of the watch. It is purely aesthetic.I definitely recommend this watch over most field watches out there. For $30 you're getting the proper styling plus a date window and indiglo. It's a great value.
The band is too tight, but overall it is a good watch and I am happy with it. Masculine and elegant.
I love this watch and wear it every day.  Keeps time extremely well.  My only negative note is that second hand ticking can be a bit loud.  I have actually come to like the sound, but can see where others may not like it.  Overall, my favorite watch.
This is a nice watch. I bought it for my father. He loves it, but the strap is a little short. Luckily it stretched a little. The indiglo feature is nice and now he can wear a watch hiking because of the water resistance.
I bought this Timex to replace the one I had.  i had the old one for over 10 years working as a contractor.  The old crystal face became so scratched it needed replacing.  Buying a new watch was cheaper than replacing the crystal.  I especially like the Indigo feature when hunting.  I wish this model of watch had a larger face.
I wanted an old-fashioned watch and this is one. Having to manually set the date (which is a minor pain) is a novelty these days, as was the way the "stem" or crown popped completely out of the watch when I first tried to pull it out for setting. I stuffed it back in carried on twiddling. Not a bad watch for the price, but much more convenient lesser-priced digitals are available. Actually, I can't think of a reason to buy one of these, now that I have one.
Reviews are always so very subjective and often times reveal a personal impression of an item up for review.Having just recently received this item, I am placing my first impressions in this "review"I personally have enjoyed and purchased the "Expedition" style of Timex times watches over the last 4-5 years. I like the different colors, shapes, and functions of this style. They are built to be used in a rough work environment as well as with casual dress. I'm a contractor in the building trades and have been pleased with the durability and reliability from the Expedition watches purchased in the past. With that said, I'll share a few thoughts regarding this particular watch, the T40051, received recently.The shape and color of the watch face suits me just fine. I particullarly like the "military" hour indicators that are just the right size. The face of the watch is an olive green and suits the sliver watch body quite well. The band is a medium brown leather that appears to be sized and made well, complete with the "E" logo stamped on the band. The stiching blends well with the band material. The date window is sized adequately and is easily visible at an arms length away. On the display face, the "second" increments have (5) additional markings between each second increment that doesn't serve any useful purpose, other than providing an attractive "military" watch appearance. The "indiglo" works very well at night providing an easy to read display when dark.Overall, this watch has met my expectations and will be added to my collection of (4) other Expedition watches.Why 4 stars? It is a budget watch after all and one cannot become too complimentary with this level of quality.
For the price you really can't beat this watch.  It's simple, looks great and keeps time well.  The quality isn't astounding, if you pay more you could certainly get a nicer watch, but its real leather and stainless steel.  If you want a good looking, functional watch that you don't have to freak out about losing this is it.
Feels nice, date and indiglo is a nice touch. Seems tough enough, good everyday watch. I would recommend this to anyone looking for a new every day watch.
runs great,light at night, day and month,with a non hair pulling band,have had for couple of months, still runs like the day i bought it.
Like the style - brand. Make sure you cross check the model number on the Timex website for specs . Watch is small , specs on Amazons posting was wrong . Sent back and found larger Timex watch at local store paid more but needed sooner. Timex is great
I have always been pleased with Timex watches. This one is no exception. They are very reasonable priced and reliable.
Timex watches are very good value, we had them as kids , but now more sophisticated.I Have an expedition with so many functions , I dont use any of them except of course the time! the indiglo  light is very good.This watch is great but must get a s/s bracelet to suit.Arrived in New Zealand before the due datevery pleased, thanks Rob
This is a straight up timepiece. The face is easy to read. The style really stands out when you're dressed up a bit: classic shape, masculine and rugged for a contrast. I think it looks a lot hotter than some of the bling I see shaking on metrosexuals' wrists.
recieved it in good time(x)..  sweep second hand is hard to see as is the dateindicator, its too small..otherwise its a good timex watch.
Overall quality is good, I have recieved a few compliments on the watch.The ticking is a little noisy but nothing too bothersome.
I like the watch.  It's simple, lightweight, and perfect for the purpose I purchased it for, i.e., a knock around and work outside watch.  The band however, is another story.  It quickly discolored with sweat, and stretched out the more I wore it.  I finally had to replace the band - after a month of use - use an after market metal band (Timex Men's Q7B848 Ironman Triathlon Stainless Steel 18mm Replacement Watchband).
This is my third Timex Expedition watch that looks like this.  I use it as my casual, running around the house, working in the yard, exercising, etc. watch--one that didn't cost too much and I'm not afraid to break or damage.  It replaces a similar (same style), larger watch I bought last year.  My old watch looked just like this one except it had a second, digital display at the base of the analog face.  I liked that one a lot until I dropped it on a tile floor, knocking the back off, and rendering the analog portion inoperative.  When I looked for the old one online this year, the only ones I could find were 2-3 times what I paid last year.This watch is smaller and thinner than the one it replaces.  It's easy to read, and operates fine, just as I would expect.  The price was reasonable and it arrived a day or two earlier than expected.  I would recommend it to anyone that needs an inexpensive watch for working outdoors.
Watch seems durable,and keeps accurate time. The only problem with this watch is that the band is cheap and won't last long.
This is a very nice looking watch. For the price, it was well worth it. The only reason that I gave 4 stars instead of 5 was the band is stiff & thick.
My daughter (11 yr) has loved this watch! She and her little sister ask it lots of questions, and it is very entertaining, especially in airports or long drives. The watch is attractive and light-weight, but the best stand-out feature is the fortune-telling feature.
I have no use for the data bank feature but the watch has many good points.  It's display is large and easy to read, it always shows the day of the week and the date along with the time.  I first got this watch many years ago when I was writing tickets as part of my job and the info was super helpful.  It also has a split timer stop watch, a count down timer and a couple of alarms you can set.  It is waterproof and very durable and the battery lasts way longer than one year.Downside, the last time I changed the batter a little tiny spring got away from me and vanished.  The watch worked fine but the the various alarm sounds were silenced.  What good is an alarm you can't hear?  After looking at many newer watches I choose to buy this one again.  Now I wear the silent version for yard work, etc. and the new one that still beeps when I expect to need the alarm or count down function.  It is a very good watch and my original one is more than 10 years old.
I was so excited when I first found this watch! I am allergic to metal so finding a watch that will work has been extremely difficult. When I saw this, the description clearly stated the case was plastic, so I bought it, thinking the whole thing was encased in plastic. Turns out the back of the watch had a metal plate that was not covered. Very disappointed. Loved the design though! My hunt will continue.
I have a small wrist and the watch wears like a bangle bracelet.  There is no way to make it smaller.
Worked well to protect garments that were then packed into a large suitcase for a long voyage.
Great for a light inexpensive garment bag Perfect when traveling by car or when not checking bags. Definitely not meant to be used as checked baggage
There really isn't much to say about this bag. It's being used to store a Santa Claus costume. It's poly and has a zipper. The zipper doesn't really engage all that well, but let's be honest, it's a $9 bag so I didn't really expect much different. Overall it actually feels better made than I really had hoped for for the money.
I like that it is taller than many suit bags and is sturdier than the fancy-schmancy branded one my brother has. I think this is best for the traveler who will put this in larger luggage, does road trips, and occasional traveling. I only need formal wear for weddings and cruises, so it will get used 1-2 times per year. For the price, probably the best buy
I bought this suit when I recently purchased 2 new suits. I had single suit bags and decided when I donate them to donate the bag too. So, I had to search for a new lightweight closet bag for my suits. I was surprised at the price of some bags online and found this bag to be fairly priced. It is very lightweight and will not be a travel-bag on its own but more for keeping clothes together in the closet or to take in the car somewhere, or perhaps used in conjunction with a suitcase.The bag is pretty long. much longer than my suits and would be nice when my wife and I travel a bit and need to pack dresses for her (like a road trip travel).
Nice for the price and seems sturdy. It is long enough to hold long dresses.  I use it when traveling by car.
This is great for traveling in the car - it helps keep my clothes from getting dirty.  although I would not recommend it for air travel since it really is a thin black plastic
I have purchased these bags twice.  We use them for all our clothes when traveling between our winter and summer homes.  I have had one zipper break, but other than that they have been great.  They are a good value and hold a lot of clothes in each bag.
They sat long, and it is exactly that.  As a guy, I'm looking for something to protect suits.  These are better for my wife's long dresses.  I'm 5'9&#34; and my suits take up a little more than half of the length.  I know you are supposed to fold it in half, but it's really big.  I could fit inside this thing.  I can picture some mafia guy using this to store bodies in their trunk.Outside of the huge size, it's a great bag.  It's been very durable for my trips.  It's just a lot of fabric to fold up in a suitcase.
I don't think in terms of loving a garment bag. It was exactly what we wanted and would buy again if one was needed.
Have used several times and still pleased.  Good price...good value for money. The gusseted bag enables me to pack more than my old bag.
As other reviewers have noted, this is not necessarily a travel bag to carry on to an airplane, as it is strictly the bag; no heavy-duty hangers are built in.  But for my purposes - an extended trip by auto that includes several events where business suits/dresses will be required -- it makes more sense to lay things out in a series of garment bags than pack away in suitcases. And these dress bags fit the bill just fine.
This is a good garment bag when storing multiple suits. It has a lot of room to spare. I bought two and they work just fine.
Great garment bags, they are very roomy and can accommodate a few garments without a problem. I highly recommend these bags  if your seeking to organize your closets. They can also be used for light travel, but if you travel often you would need a more substantial bag.
This garment was great.  I took on a trip and was able to place several garmentsin this bag.  It was also very sturdy.
looks good regarding what you are paying for it. it's a big too long but that might be an extra. didn't have any issues with the zipper. if you want to use it occasionally, then that will be the perfect garment bag for that.
It's not fancy but it's TALL, keeps hanging items covered and clean, and keeps you from looking like a hobo when you check into that hotel.  Very good buy for the money.
Ordered these to move quite a few hanging clothes to another location.  Easy to load, easy zip, and toss in the car.  Travelled very well!
This version is a little longer than a normal suit bag.  It's pretty good.  It's better than most of the others I've had.
These are fairly large garment bags, you can easily fit 3 or 4 jackets in each one.They're longer than I expected (but then I didn't think to measure the length of other bags already at home before ordering).The quality is profoundly adequate if what you're looking for is simply something to keep the dust and moths away from your clothes - which is exactly what I needed.No complaints
I was going to California for the week and needed a quick garment bag, it can hold about 10 plastic hangers, much more if it's a wire or thin hanger. Arrived the next day! perfect for what I needed it for!
Fits my needs perfectly, large enough for several coats/suits. Don't use for traveling but could. Really needed something for my closet to keep my suits from getting dusty. The price is right.
It's very hard to find dress-length (especially mid-calf-length) garment bags and this one worked very well.  It's perfect for car travel where the bag can be laid out flat, but I don't think it would work for air travel, no handles or any way to keep the hangers together unless you use your own rubber band.  But it served my purposes admirably.
For the price, these garmet bags totally serve the purpose of protecting clothing transported in my SUV.  Promptly received was an added value!
This product is exactly what I wanted. I use these for car travel. They are light weight, do not take up any room, and protect the clothing. They are not for use as checked baggage!  They are not sturdy enough for that.
This garment bag is deceiving. We were able to get two medium length coats into this bag without causing it to burst at the seams! They fit just fine. But it's either or... either dresses or coats or two dresses and one coat. Of course, it all depends on your garment combination as to what will actually fit into it. Watch your hanger types as well, the wooden type can reduce how many garments you actually get into the bag. Only time will tell of it's actual durability. All-n-all, it turned out to be a pretty descent buy.Y4E4SHUA@yahoo.com
We purchased this bag when my wife needed to travel cross country via air with her wedding dress.  Though this bag probably doesn't meet most carry-on bag size restrictions, it's close enough when folded to allow you to sneak it aboard.  In terms of protecting the garment, it performed admirably (though our expectations were understandably low, it was actually quite effective).  Given the situation, this was by far the best of the relatively limited options available.  Given the price, we are very satisfied.
They do exactly what I bought them for. They arrived on time, are the color I ordered and appear to be sturdy enough to last a while.
I've used this bag over the past six months for a variety of trips and have been quite happy with it.  I would not suggest using it if you were checking luggage, but i've used it on train travel and in the car and it has done the job.
I have used this travel garment bag and it satisfies my need for acquiring the product.  I have used it for two suits and two shirts and it handled that amount of clothing well.  It is the type product that you must handle with care in order to prevent damage.  It was what I anticipated.
I bought this bag for my mother after my sister gave her a heavy white fur coat.  I measured the coat and this was just the right length. I recommend this one!
Great product for a great price.
Use these for the college students back and forth.They're easy to work with, light weight, and take up little space to store.
I used this to travel with a full suit, some dress shirts, and 2 dresses. It is very lightweight and didn't take up too much space.  I tri-folded it to fit into a large suitcase. It worked well for my purposes and will be using it again whenever I need to travel. I also use it to store suits/dresses in the closet.
Bag has a zipper on one side that goes up to about armpit level on that side, so you can be pretty sure that the items inside will not get wet if exposed to quick transport in rain or snow.  The bag will hold seven or eight shirts/pants on hangars, and has a strap to secure the hangars. It also has a loop on the bottom so that it can be doubled up to half height. It is well made and easily worth the price.
Have shirts, suit, tux etc It can  and will hold up on a rack and during travel.Im still waiting to give a big workout.
Missing one star only because it wasnt as long as I was hoping.. Other than that though everything else, from the delivery process and the quality, is good.
This bag is almost as good as the real thing!  I was very impressed with how it looked, if you are like me and you can't afford the real thing then look no more this is a great bag.
These socks were perfect for my Velma Halloween outfit! Thick and warm, they kept my legs warm in the middle of October.
Th color was great! And they were a perfect fit for sport activities,(or in general if you hate that your socks slide down). The socks won't slide down at all, because they are tight on the leg and really comfy on the feet. Sweat absorbent, and really well sewn stitches on the tip.on the other hand they are not that fresh or thin, so you might want to consider that before you buy.
Since I believe the 30's are the new 20's, I generally like to wear as little as possible for a night on the town.The strapless, off-the shoulder or low necked attire that I prefer usually requires some sort of "hidden" support.  Especially with a thirty year old bosom!  I like the fact that this bra has a very low back, stays up perfectly, even after a night of sweaty dancing, and has boning that stays in shape even after being washed repeatedly for a year.I totally love this bra.  It fits great and is perfect, especially under sweaters.  The only issues I have with this bra are the high price, and the excess of padding in the cups.
The body weight scale has been reliable and accurate. The scale itself is well-built, sturdy and attractive. The body-fat indicator is a bit erratic.
I'm very pleased with this purchase.  I bought in navy, found it a great fit, and then bought in red.  I will only buy shelf-bra swimsuits -- and camis -- never underwires.
My friend got a ring for her engagement that looked alot like this.  Except that hers has a big diamond and plastic band.  Its not Titanium.  I know that there are other sports teams that are out there with similiar NFL rings.  But I picked this one, cause Dana talked about Pittsburgh twice today.  She's never even lived there!  I bet if she was a football fan she'd like the Steelers.Too late for you suckers not getting to Dana sooner.  With this rock, everyone in LA will be completely jealous.  Way to go kiddo!
My son has had this hat for over a year and it still looks great.  It took a while for him to grow into it (I got it for him when he was only 6 months old).  He's been wearing it for a year now and it's super cute.  My husband loves the Cards, so he's thrilled for our son to have this cap.  The little-kid writing on it is cute; I just wish it had the Cardinals logo somewhere on it.  Overall, very sturdy, and it seems comfortable for my son.
I have two citizen watches where I was unable to open the back case, this knife made it so easy, it only took 2 tries before the back cover snapped open.  It was well worth the price.
I HAVE NOT USED THIS PRODUCT YET BUT I DID CHECK IT OUT WHEN I RECIEVED IT AND I SEEMS TO BE GOOD QUALITY
This product works great. I have some old pocket watches and this knife makes it easy to get the backs off the ones that aren't screwed on.
It is just a thin knife but it does the job. I was able to get the back off easier with this than the knives I had in my kitchen.  Not expensive so worth it.
Not professional grade but works great. No more scratching the back of watches with knives or cheap tools. Since the blade does not retract the tool is solid and not flimsy.
It has been a great tool to work with on some watches that requires the use of such a tool.
This product will remove the back of many watches.  But I had to open my kitchen table, and use the center slot  with a wash cloth, to ancor the watch.  Using the table as a vise. Then I could use this tool to remove the back case.There was no way under heaven I could remove the back case just by holding the watch in my hand.The back case was on so tight,  you have to ancor the watch in some way, to get the leverage to remove a case.  Hank in Indianapolis.
It works. Much better than small screwdriver etc for opening the backs of watches. Def worth the money. I'm happy I purchased this item. Best for amateurs most likely.
The tool appears to be of good design and quality.  It does require some skill to use.  My experience has been that it will work for some snap backs, but not others.  My first choice of tool is of the pry/lever type as it is easier to use; however, in my limited experience, that type does not work with some cases and a case knife might, and has for me in those cases.This case knife comes with a vinyl slip case, but I wouldn't base a purchase decision on it as it is not of very good quality.
the product was ok but still have trouble getting backs off but maybe not the products fault may be due to arthritis in hands
Gave this pretty good stars.  It is well made and the one I received the stainless steel handled version.  But sorry to say that it did not work on my Kenneth Cole watch. I have the KC1370 which has a notch in the top right corner to pry open but this tool could not get under it.It may work for you....
For the money I paid for this knife, I definitely recommend it.  I used it a few times and it's holding well under rough use.
good item.  just as shown and advertised.  works well.  would recommend to others who want to try to buy and install their own batteries in watches and small clocks, etc.  The real test comes when trying to get the watch back together.  The backs are very hard to get back on.
This knife opened 6 of the seven watch backs that I tried. You have to be very careful not to cut yourself though.  The one I could not open is a quartz watch that just says &#34;Japan movt&#34;.
I bought this to remove the back off a small ladies watch because nothing else I had would work. Comes in an unimpressive vinyl pouch but seems solid and it did work.
This is a product I have looked for for many years, and this one works very well. It got the back off my watch very fast, and I will now save money by replacing my battery myself.
Good value for the price.Blade is hardened well to open press-fit watch case backs.Works well an is as advertized.
Made in China which sucks but the tool is strong and well made.  I bought this to pop the back off of a Swiss Army watch and I was unable to do it with this tool (ended up doing it with a pair of alligator pliers and a flat-head screwdriver).  The Victorinox backings are notoriously hard to remove so I can't really fault the tool...seems like it work on most watches or even on the Swiss Army watch if you had the right technique.
Just what I needed to fix my watch. Made taking off the back so easy. I would buy again if needed. Also, a good price.
fit great was a gift for girlfriend. she wears them well
Great shoes, but as the title states, you'll have a sweaty-foot problem.  They look cute!  By the way, does anyone know why you need special shoes for the beam?
great t but a bit large.  will order the large next time.
The shipment arrived super fast and the bag looks just like the picture. Although, I would recommend this type of bag for a more conservative older woman. Not something for a young woman.
Always collecting UConn apparel and this one fit right in with needs.  Price is very good for logo aparel.
i think this ecko jacket is so cute but i think they need to have some more sizes in it other than that its all good
I bought this product for my husband because he wears scrubs to work at the hospital and this way everything is in one place. It's only been a couple of months and the buckle already broke. I would not purchase this item again.
This is a beautiful piece.  I love to wear it.  It will dress up any outfit.  The only negative thing I have to say about it is that the chain is very weak and breaks easily.  -- Misty Lomas
I love how compact this umbrella is. It has a square handle that make this a unique style. The open/close button is very nice. I did notice it would stick sometimes, however I still am happy with my buy.
Sad to see this bag was discontinued.  It was a great item - the perfect thing for my 17 inch powerbook.  There is a new version, I believe but it has slightly more feminine styling, at least to my eyes.  Only thing missing from this guy was an internal divider in the main pocket - a place to let you store a legal pad and a few papers without it rubbing on the computer.  Ebags makes quality stuff.  I wouldn't hesitate to buy one of their in-house branded products again, given my good experience with this bag.
I ordered these in size 8w, they fit great right out of the box and are really cute summer sandals, but unfortunately they've stretched so much in the short time I've had them that I don't really wear them anymore, I keep walking out of them if I don't shuffle my feet a little in them.  Again, very cute, but more stretchy than expected.
Really like this shoe. Soft leather, good fit. Once I added a gel arch support they were very comfortable, wore for 2 days with lots of walking. I have a narrow heel but these shoes stayed on.
These Trinidads are gorgeous and match just about any outfit.  A C/D was initially a bit snug and required stretching.  Wish they came in a solid D.  However, I am very pleased with their design and recommend their purchase.
I love these sandals and wear my old ones all the time. The old ones got too big so I ordered a smaller size, but they were way too small.
As many previous reviewers noted, this shoe stretches the first time one wears it.  But, I ordered a shorter, narrower size than normal and am satisfied with my purchase.  So, I caution everyone to take the stretching into consideration when determining what size and width to order.  Otherwise, I love the shoe; it's comfortable and perfect to wear with anything.
Have purchased these before. They are a great summer shoe but offer little support. If you need a stable shoe, this is not for you.
I like the shoes but slightly too big. I put inserts in the heel and the will be fine.  Thanks
I loved these shoes, but I ordered a narrow and they were a bit too narrow.  I am in between an A and B.  The problem is that in order to return these, I have to pay about $8.00 shipping.  Knowing Amazon, I thought it was free shipping and return.  I would love to try the wider size in these shoes because I loved them, but the shipping is a bit over the top.  Probably won't order any more shoes online.
I was a little worried about ordering these shoes, but I had an Amazon credit, so I decided to take a chance. I am between an 8 or an 8 1/2, and between a medium and a wide. I ordered the 8 W in natural. I remember huaraches being very stiff and uncomfortable when I wore them when I was a lot younger. These were a tiny bit stiff for the first hour or so, but after that I had no problems. I have "bad feet" and these are helpful because they have that little bit of heel. Like every pair of huaraches I've ever owned, the heel is loose, so if you have very narrow feet I don't think these would work. Overall, though, the fit is fine and the shoes are comfortable and go with just about any summer wardrobe.
Very confortable and good fit. I'm glad I found this as it has been hard to find a Huarache the past few years.
This gift was the right size and she liked the color!  The fit and comfort level was good, so it was a successful purchase.
These are nice shoes and very comfortable.  I ordinarilly wear size 8 and after reading the other reviews, I decided to order a 7 1/2.  These are still too big after wearing them for a few hours.  I had to put two layers of those heal pads inside them to keep them from slipping as I walked and even that wasn't really enough.  They stretched a bit more and now are slipping again.  I should have bought a size 7 because I knew how easily huaraches stretch out.  I would buy them again in a 7 though.  I think these are a nice shoe.
The top leather is soft and for narrows they fit perfectlyfor me.  The colors are great, the footbed is soft.  I orderedthese in several colors
I read the reviews before buying these shoes and every one said how tight they were. I wear a medium shoe, I bought the normal size I always wear and these were not tight in fact they keep slipping off my heel. I bought some of the heel things that stick to the back of the shoe and that does not even help. I won't be buying another pair.
These are wonderfully comfortable shoes. I ordered my second pair in silver to wear with grey slacks. They are definitely not in the grey family, more of a pearlized beige or tan - champagne? They look great with khaki or tan slacks but terrible with grey. Otherwise, I am very satisfied with them.
I have been wearing this exact model for about ten years. I love this shoe. It is soft, comfortable, breathable, and durable. I recently began wearing arch supports, and this shoe accommodates them.My only criticism of this shoe is that the sizing in not always predictable. Lengthwise, the size seems to be the same always, but the width varies too much in my opinion. This pair fit too wide for the designated size I think.
I'm happy I was able to get this shoe in a Narrow, they fit snuggly but the leather will stretch.
These sandals are a little heavier than other similar ones that I have had. However, they fit well and I look forward to having them when the weather gets warmer. With some similar kinds that I have had in the past, the weaving sometimes separates around the little toe making them less comfortable to wear. These don't have that problem.
I like this watch, it was for a gift for my girl and she loved it. It was a good deal in Amazon.
Love it...gets alot of compliments...4 stars bcaz either ran small or no other sizes larger than x-large existed...wish it would had come above that size.
It looks gorgeous on me like I expected.  The size is just right and the silver rings fall in place nicely and glowing vividly.  I really like it.  I have worn it more than I thought after I got it. My only tiny complaint is that the large silver lock in the back is a bit uncomfortable on my skin.
I have owned the watch for a period of about a day.  So far, there are no surprises or disappointments.I have slender wrists, so I needed to get my watch sized, and had 3 links removed. This is in no way a fault of the watch.  Any watch with metal bands will need to be sized.The material is exactly what I wanted.  The hour marks have a nice luster to them as well as the rim around the face of the watch.  It is not overly gaudy and shiny (like chrome).  The band has a dull shine to it, and fits comfortably around my wrist.  The clasp releases and snaps without much effort.  The hands are clear and easy to read against the black background of the face.  Also, the date is easily set, adjusted and read.  The best part of course, is that when the room is quiet enough, you can hear the faint ticking of the second hand.The only downside to the watch so far is that the face is a little smaller than I am accustomed to seeing on men's watches.  I personally like it, as the smaller bulk provides less sliding around my wrists.  However, it can easily be interpreted to be "less masculine" compared to other watches.  Again, I'm not bothered by this, but can see it being an issue with others.Overall, a very solid watch.  It is classy in its simplicity.
It is very sturdy, has lots of pockets for my pens and things and the computer compartment is well padded. But what I love the most is its feel and look. Very well made.
The holder is very adequate and attractive.  Cigarettes fit in perfectly without having to be "squashed" into the holder opening.  The hole in the mouthpiece is also sized reasonably enough to create a very nice draw.  The cigarettes seem to have a metallic taste at first, but after smoking several in the holder this taste subsides as the inside is seasoned.The only complaint I have with this item is that there is not enough of a barrier between the cigarette and the mouthpiece.  In other holders I have owned a partition with a single hole is placed in such a way as to bump up against the filter of the cigarette.  This prevents the inside of the holder from becoming "gunked up" prematurely.  I wish this particular holder had sported that feature.However, all in all it's a good product and I don't regret adding it to my collection.
Arrived on time and is a good leather band....the watch pins however were too short and the watch actually kept falling off my wrist. I had to get two longer and stronger watch pins to keep the band attached to the watch.
To start of Amazon sent me the wrong strap, but they quickly shipped me the correct one [like overnighted it to my doorstep] which was nice, and probably one of the many reasons why i love amazon prime. The strap is sturdy, and relatively padded. The leather is fine, this was going on a beat up Citizen [ not my nice new Omega Planet Ocean ]. If you are looking for a cheap strap that gets the job done, seriously look no further. This is a workhorse [just not the sexiest one].
I received this item after having put it on my wish list.  I was in need of a small but elegant looking purse for occassional formal outings and this is perfect.  Small inside, but enough to fit a cell phone, lipstick and similar small items---all a girl needs when going out for a formal evening.
This was a great hat.  The person who received it as a gift really enjoyed it.  Great service from the company.
These are very well made sweat pants and the Police Logo looks great. The are very comfortable to wear.
The original bag I ordered was all black and it turns out they were out of stock, but the email I received just informed me that the ordered was cancelled with no explanation.  I had to email ebags to find out why.  They did not suggest another color nor tell me which colors were available.  I was lucky in that the second bag I ordered was in stock.The bag itself is excellent, good quality and well insulated.
I am very pleased with the ebags TechWeave Lunch Cooler. It is spacious enough to hold a good size lunch. It looks very nice too. I  like the Pomegranate color. I have had compliments from co-workers. It is worth the price.
Upon opening the packing box I was a little disappointed. I had a slightly different idea of what this bag would feel and look like.  The photo is not misleading, just slightly different - I don't know how... None of this matters though. It's like when you become attracted to the really nice, smart guy who isn't the best looking.  I love this bag, it has served me well and now I'm convinced that it is the cutest bag in the room.
This book bag was actually pretty good. Its soft compared to other book bags. Used to for more than 6 years almost every day. And its still in pretty good condition. Bought a different book bag to replace this one and cut my hand on it because it was so rough. Thinking of keeping this one. The laptop pocket is really good. Has a lot of padding. Has lots of room. I fit my laptop in there with 2 big textbooks.
Very good,cool and comfortable hosiery for the summer. Would buy them again.
Looks great after a year! No complaints!  Seems like a great deal for a simple men's ring. The ridge in the middle is not a sharp point, but is more rounded. I'm sure that's more comfortable, but it is not a crisp line as it apears in the image.
Just a quick note to share our expirience with this item.  My wife, and subsequently all of her girlfirends love this product.  We have had it for over a year now and it still cleans well and is easy to use.  The reason for only the 4 stars is because I feel like the should offer interchangeable heads that would allow for a more concentrated stream of steam when need versus a wider one spray when desired.  Overall, great product and a good value.
Nice product.  Works very well.  A bit large...a smaller version would be easier to leave out on the countertop.
Bought if for a present and my g/f uses it about once a month and it does a good job of cleaning up our jewelery.
I got this as an Xmas gift for my wife.  I had my doubts but it does just what you'd expect it to do.  Fill with water, heat and blast.  Leaves rings etc. looking bright and sparkly.  This is not a substitute for real cleaning (ultrasonic etc.) it is the final polish step.  The blast of steam is much greater than one would imagine.  Using many short bursts, as advised, never caused any lack of pressure.  Bottom line: impressed, good product.
This shirt looks just like it does in the picture.  My only problem is that it was a bit smaller than expected.  I would advise you to order a size up if you are going to buy this one.
Gave as a gift.  She loved it.  She could not thank us enough.  Felt great to make someone's day.
Good fit and colour (TPK).  I was so sorry when I discovered a ladder but they had provided four months of  wear.
I just got this shoe, and it is working out nicely.  If you are looking for a reasonably priced shoe for a casual ballet class, this is the product for you.
Very nice ballet slipper; however, I didn't order the correct size at first. They do run small and the new charts posted reflect that you need to order a larger size. Very nicely made for the cost..shipping is a bit high for such a small package.
Nice construction.  Allows gripping and sliding on the floor as needed.  I wear 4.5/5 in regular shoes so I ordered 5 narrow and they were a little bit loose, but definitely workable by adjusting the elastic straps.  Order came super fast and nicely packaged!
These socks were touted to be wide at the calf for those of us who need it. They JUST fit. I expected them to be more comfortable. Anyone heavier than me will be truly disappointed. (My calves measure about 18 inches.)
Similar to other reviews - these socks stand up to washing well though they do slide down my calf some.
My wife wears a lot of reds and loves these socks.  They are a much better fit and more comfortable than the other brands  ordered shortly before Christmas.  She doesn't care for the tight ribbed calf in the others so this flat knit was just right
Very nice but a bit snug in the calf and top, but the cotton blend makes for a comfortable feel.
These socks hold up well and are perfect for wearing under knee high boots. Very comfortable and reasonably priced
Been looking for mostly cotton socks, particularly knee highs.  Fabric feesl nice, come up to my knee, don't slide down(I have thin calves & long legs), but are thin; definitely a fall/spring sock.  I do like the fit.
The socks are soft and comfortable to wear. They stay up and do not bunch at the ankle.  The Hue logo is rough and somewhat annoying, but does not interfere with wear.
I have purchased and worn a lot of different brands of trouser socks over the years, these are my new favorites. They fit well and stay in place. Not too bulky. I will be a return customer.
I have been looking for socks that don't bind into my legs, especially when wearing boots.  These socks are very comfortable and don't leave binding marks on my legs, even when wearing boots.  I just wish they weren't so expensive.  $7 for a pair plus tax, shipping and handling, is a bit expensive.
I've been wearing my boots and skinny jeans very frequently this winter and I needed more socks.  I like to fold over any excess jean and pull tall socks over before putting on my boots.  It reduces bunching and is more comfortable this way.  I had a hard time finding socks in plain grey like this, so when I found these I ordered a few of them.  They are wearing and washing well and I am very pleased w/ them.
Got several of these socks for my daughter who wears a size 7 shoe. They fit great, are very soft. They slip down slightly during the day, but not too much. My daughter is really happy with them. And the price can't be beat! Wish the black ones were as cheap.
A bit tighter than expected but a good sock that does not slide down the calf.
My daughter's school requires that they where white knee highs with their uniform.  I had an awful time searching the net to find any until I came across these.  They are very soft and comfortable.  My daughter only wants these types of socks from now on.  But from a Mom's point of view they are hard to keep white.  Even with soaking in bleach I can't get out any of the foot wear and tear discoloring.  Other than that, they're great.
as advertised -- i like it -- note that it is long, and goes up the calf quite high (more than most other dress socks)
I purchased a pack of these and a pack of Gold Toe's Hampton socks at the same time. I chose Gold Toe because that's what my dad has worn for years, and as a child I would try stealing them to wear for myself because they were so comfortable.  I was unsure which style he had, though, so after buying both the Canterbury and the Hampton, I've found that the Hampton, though thinner fabric, is much softer on the foot and looks like better quality.  The Hampton has a shinier look as well.  Both are good socks.
These socks don't stretch as much as others I've owned and they aren't very long, so they aren't likely to go over your calves.  The material, while not very soft, seems strong and should last quite a while.
My calfs are 17 -18 inches so the "over the calf" socks are much better for not slipping down my calf. However these have enough stretch to do a good job. I would still recommend the "over the calf" but this brand is my favorite. Many Chinese products are lacking in quality (IMHO) but this is not one of them.
I bought these here as replacements for others that I had worn out after several years of use.  The fact that I bought them again says a lot.
I have these socks in black and brown. They wear well and are durable. They are on the thin side but do not feel cheap. Temperature is controlled well and I do not find my feet overheating or sweating overmuch which is nice.
The Gold Toe brand remains one of the best value for quality options. The quality and feel of the Canterbury is second to none and I've worn lots of dress socks over the year. The Canterbury Canterbury (60% cotton / 40% nylon) is comfortable and cool during the summer / warm during the winter. Although during the winter I do sometimes like to pair it with a silk undersock for extra warmth. The Over the Calf Dress sock is classy and secure (stays up with no hassle) for the business and environment and the regular Canterbury (not over the calf) is cool and comfortable for more casual settings. I'd rate the Over the Calf 5 stars for its exceptional comfortable in that class of dress sock. The regular Canterbury gets a 4 only because it doesn't do anything exceptional, but it doesn't need to. At $18 for 3-pack, it's a good value. If you can get the $13.50 for 3-pack, well then that is a 5-star value.
they fit ..
I washed these socks a few times and they already look like I have them for a few years. But they still feel ok.
been through plenty of socks trying to find one that last. so far so good with these.hoping to get more if they continue to perform.
These socks are great.  I cannot find them in stores anymore.  They are the right thickness for me.  My feet sweat easily and if a sock is too thin, there isn't enough room for my feet to breathe inside my shoes and they sweat.  Contrastingly, if a sock is too thick, they tend to be overly warm and uncomfortable as well.  These socks strike the perfect balance between thickness and warmth.
They're socks for crying out loud.  They are as described.  A little larger than the ones I previously purchased but otherwise fine. BFD
Decent price for basic, good quality dress socks.  Material is very comfortable and they stay up well.  Not a big discount over retailers, but convenient with free shipping.
These socks are what I expected--good fit and color. They are a light weight compared with other Gold Toe socks I have but that is no problem.
The socks are good quality, but they run a little large. I have size 10 shoes, so the heel is a little high. I would recommend these socks to a friend.
I have worn these socks for years.  They used to be made in the USA (as everything else used to be at one time). They are fine.
My husband has worn this brand of socks for years. They hold up well and feel comfortable. I do wish I could have found a dark assortment of this style.
I wear Gold Toe socks exclusively.  They fit well and seem to last a decent length of time.  I would purchase again.
The Gold Toe brand of socks has had a reputation of long lasting, comfortable socks.  This particular pair lives up to their name.  They come about 1 inch below my calf, which isn't as long as I normally like my socks to be, but is comfortable and does not show my legs when I am wearing suits.  The toe and heal are comfortable and I never feel like the sock is slipping around on my foot during normal wear.  I've had these pair for quite some time and they are still going strong - no noticeable holes or or strings hanging.If I had a complaint, it would be that the black is beginning to fade on one of my three pair.  This could be more about which detergent I use or the quality of the water in my area - but still worth mentioning, just in case it happens to others.  I may wear this particular pair more than the other two, although I wear dress socks daily, so it is hard to say that for sure - as I have a draw full.  Outside of that, no other real complaints.Overall, if you are looking for a good pair of dress socks that won't fall apart two second after you wear them or feel like a nanometer of material is covering your foot (some of those cheaper brands are cheaper for a reason) - then you won't go wrong with Gold Toe socks.
They are a nice dark chocolate color and last long without tearing. They are mostly cotton so my feet don't sweat; however, since they have less rayon and polyester than other dress socks, they don't feel as soft and don't stretch as much.Altogether, I recommend these dress socks.
I am completely satisfied with the watch. Very nice and affordable.
I tought this was going to be an excellent solution to help me get back to my pre-pregnancy size (or at least close). However it is not so great after all. The belt folds when you are sitting down and it moves pretty easily as you perform normal activities. If what you want is a belt that would bind your tummy so that it doesn't feel loose then this belt is fine, but if you are looking for something that will bind you tightly and help shape your body after pregnancy this one is not for that.To be fair, I should say that it's better than the Medela belt, and since I saw only those two I don't know if there is something better out there. There is one problem with the sizing... they say to measure your after pregnancy waist and go with that size, however as you start to loose weight and inches on you waist it comes a point where the belt starts getting big. I'm at a point where I have to secure the velcro past the fabric in the middle inteded for that for it to be tight.Bottom line... good option but not an excellent one.
3rd time I've ordered this hat. They're nice... but this one has a navy blue button on the top of the hat instead of white?Seems like a manufacturer defect as all the others were white.Still, nice hat.
the shoe fit really well. the sole is a bit clunky looking though. very pleased with the arrival time. Overall a good shoe for the price
What's there to say about a synthetic fiber athletic shirt?  Not much.  I will say that I like it more than the similar Cheetah brand of shirts I bought at a local store because the latter tended to pill up/snag after just a few cycles of wearing and washing.  I've been using this Russell shirt for over four months now and it looks as good as new.I guess the idea of fabric like this is that it's supposed to wick water away from your body so it can evaporate faster, keeping you more comfortable.  Maybe that would work better with less sweat or a windier environment, but I work up such a sweat in the gym that the shirt basically gets soaked.  I still prefer this type of soaked shirt to a cotton t-shirt, though.
I purchased these same shirts a year ago in a store size XXL which fit perfectly. I ordered the same shirts from another website a little later and they ran way too long in the sleeves and hem. I purposely ordered a smaller XL this time from Amazon and they are still too big! I don't know if Russell makes them differently now or what. I am a big guy so this shocks me. It probably wouldn't bother me but I like to wear them under an open button down shirt for the layered effect. Besides the size issue, I love these comfortable, easy care tees.
I hate the smell of talcum powder and find it foul. Even though I can't stand the smell, I have to admit that this soap is gentle on lingerie and keeps it looking fresh. If you hate the smell of talcum as I do, you might want to air your lingerie out on the terrace overnight to clear away the stench of talcum.  In fact, the stench alone cost this product one star.Bad smell, but a price to pay to keep lingerie looking good. Since I personally can't stand the smell, I recommend letting the clothes you wash with this air outside overnight to clear the smell away.
I like Forever New because of its soft scent and great, gentle cleaning--perfect for delicate handwashable clothes.
I was looking for a nice, dressy watch to wear with my suits.  This watch is exactly what I was looking for.  The case of this watch is a little thinner than my automatic watches, but it is a nice, sleek look.  I was especially impressed by the bracelet on this watch. Super high quality, I really love this watch!  This looks and feels like a watch at 5x the price.
I love the look and feel of this bra.  it is not a classic compression bra, but encapsulation--it has separate cups.  in addition, it is not made of all cotton, but a special moisture wicking material, very comfortable.  I have purchased this bra three times, and it was perfect when i was a 34B--provided plenty of support and i loved how it was thick enough that i never showed through my tank top when exercising, but now that i am a 34D, i don't think this bra provides enough support when i am doing high impact activities like running or kickboxing.  for low to medium activities this sports is perfect still.  but since i have taken up more rigorous activities, i have bought the panache bra (make sure to buy your EXACT size in panache).
I use this for tennis and it's so comfortable that I don't really think about it or notice it... no scratchy or uncomfortable parts poking and plenty of support for me.  I should mention I'm not well-endowed and I don't know how well it would work for ladies who are but it's great for me.
My doctor recommended this item as a compression garment after my surgery.  Unfortunately, it was in the heat of summer and I really only needed something for my abdomen.  This item was very hot on my legs.  Tried cutting off the legs but, you guessed it, that old pantyhose thing happened...... the cut edges rolled up and created a line under my clothes ....so, I threw it away and got the high-waisted brief version.
This piece was larger and better quality then I expected. It was delivered promptly, the only complaint I have is that they shipped it in a HUGE package for this little necklace, it was quite a waste.
I really liked it.  It is the perfect size. It could use little feet at the bottom. Good quality  material.
First, buy it one size larger than you normally wear.  Made a little on the small size.  Overall, great bargain.  Well sewn, good lines, but the pockets are a little small so don't expect to stuff fluffy gloves in them.  4 stars is appropriate at the sale price, wouldn't have been quite so generous at full price.
Fast shipping, quality good.  Doesn't look or feel cheap, for a childs cowgirl hat.
A friend gave me a sombrero. A wide brimmed hat is difficult to store on a hat rack or on a shelf. I installed this hat saver on the ceiling in my closet and it saved my sombrero. A great item, if you have a hat.
this watch is beautiful, classic, and understated. the face is the perfect size for me (i'm 5'6", 125 lbs) and the white is a refreshing change from the dark faces popular with most other watches.
I got two of these for help lugging stuff back across two continents, and while the one I've been travelling with so far has done pretty good, one thing slipped my mind when ordering these:  there seems to be no way to lock them with those new TSA approved locks.  I don't worry about locking luggage when I travel domestically in the USA&lt; but for international travel, I always lock my bags, and I can't see a way to do that with these with any of the TSA locks.  That said, the orange color makes it easy to find on the luggage carousel, the hardside protects the contents, and it locks and rolls easily.  I am happy with the purchase, just wish I could figure out a way to lock these for the TSA...
after putting it on your shoes it gets on clothes or the floor.  I got in trouble when the stage floor was black and I was leaving little white prints all over.
These look fantastic on my feet and really flatter my arch. They are very supportive. However, when I bought them, the box was totally deformed on one side! I was still able to use them, but there was a huge dent in the side and it was super super painful. I finally had to just wet it and soften that side of the box. That said, there is a reason this is probably the most popular pointe shoe on the market. It seems to work well for many different types of feet. However, you should be fitted for any type of pointe shoe. Even if you have been en pointe for a long time, you should always at least try them on in person.
They feel good.  I haven't used them for their intended purpose yet.  I get my Gaynor Mindens in a month or so.  I thought they'd help my high heeled pumps not hurt so much in the toe area.  It turns out that I'd have to have a size 10 shoe to fit these buggers in the shoe if I want my foot in there as well.
They work great for saving your toes while wearing pointe shoes.Use them regularly and think they work very well.
I really like these, I had Bloch Pointe shoes at first, and I loved them. However, most everyone else in my class had Russian, so I wanted to test them out. I realized that the Russian pointe didn't have the extra padding that the Bloch had, and since I have thin toe pads, it made a difference. I looked online, and found these. I love them! They help a lot, and I don't hurt as badly. The only problems are that they get holes easily if you put them inside your toepad, which I did the first time because they are a little hard to position in your box if your hands are bigger than your box, which mine are, (although the holes don't make much of a difference in the padding), the sticky-ness on the end doesn't stick (but that might be better, that way if you put them in crooked or end up not liking them they aren't there forever), and they make the shoe a little tighter. But overall, I would say that these are awesome! (Plus they come in pink and purple!)
Great way to wear the red string without fearing it will break or fall off!
This is a really great wallet if you just carry around a few cards and cash.  I couldn't really use it with all the cards I carry, so I gave it to my mom, and she loves it!
I've yet to find a better boot for the money.  Can't say I'm fond of the yellow stripes, but they don't look too bad.  Steel toe is a welcome addition, plus they actually carry these in wide sizes (unlike the majority of shoes/boots on Amazon.)
I'm satisfied with this product. I bought it as a gift to my daughter and it feels soft and comfortable. I recommend it. I'm pleased that it came fast.
I thought the cap too small. But the cap and booties set are very beautiful. The phrase &#34;I love daddy&#34; it's great.
I bought this on a whim but I didn't regret it. They're cute and on my newborn it added a certain extra cuteness to him it seemed. Everyone who saw it thought so too...
The hate is a little big and so are the booties but the baby can wear the booties at a young age till they out grow them just have to wait a little for the hat
VERY cute! The cap was a little thin and it was smaller than I expected but I;m sure it'll fit just finee. Loveee Baby Vision!! Delivery is always fast!
they are so cute and cheap. when i put the shoes on my lil guy he looks like a little duck its so funny and the cap though...he still is too little to fit into it but im sure itll be fine once hes older lol
i won't know how this will fit i'm giving these as gift for a baby shower as far as i can see the product looks as prescribed on the website.
The young man that I bought this for was in love with this drover.  I think he wanted to sleep in it.  It was a perfect fit and good quality.
These were fine considering there inexpensive and not ment to be the very best quality.I have washed them already a couple of times and the stitching has not come out. The edges are not fraying and they seem just fine so far. They are not the heavest of materal but they are fine for my needs. I work outside all day and my nose is constently running. One, sometimes two hankerchiefs in my pocket gets me through the day. I would get these again if I needed more.
Not too many men carry a cloth handkerchief these days.  But my Father has always (and will always).  So these were a great bargain and he was pleased with the quality (plus my 85 year old Mother won't have to iron them like linen ones of old).
I looked all over the net for hankies for my dad for christmas and these were the best deal i could find. Too bad i found them a week later in a store for less money. live and learn
RRSVT DOB1952 review on pkg of 13 handkerchieves.Packaging is standard to 50 years, ago.Material is same, with process upgrade predicting greater durability.AddEdit - many clumps of cloth fiber are on each one, no question of durability with several washes.
I had heard of handkerchiefs before but I honestly thought they were some old wives' tale. Take it from me, a certified CPR instructor, they are real and you can actually use them to blow your nose into. I have been using these wonderful handkerchiefs for a couple weeks and they are nothing short of miraculous. If you haven't seen one before, it's basically just a square piece of fabric that is specially treated to absorb nose juice. Yesterday, I was finished emptying out my nose into a fresh hanky (this is a word I made up for handkerchief) and I shoved it in the outer pocket of my suit. A few hours later, my co-worker said I was a regular Don Draper. I asked her who Don Draper was and she told me he was "just the finest piece of hunk who had ever graced the small screen". I still had no idea what she was talking about and I didn't want to be impolite so I just laughed and walked away from her. Apparently, the "small screen" was some phrase she had made up to describe Television. Anyway, I looked into it on the internet and I found out that Don Draper is an ad executive who works in New York. Long story short, he puts these "hankies" in his pocket and apparently everyone thinks he is great so I'm going to do the same.
these are very nice handkerchiefs. they wash well and do not need ironing. They are soft enough not to irritate the nose. I can recommend them highly.
It is a very good product and a good price. I love them and havent had a problem with them. I would recommend them for anyone.
This necklace definately looks like a quality product.  Its been lasting so far and seems sturdy enough to go the distance.  The clasp seems strong even when it got caught on something and got tugged on a bit, it held up and didnt break.  Overall the delivery was kinda slow but not terrible plus the product was worth the wait.  Beautiful chain - looks good with a pendant. (good comments courtesy of my brothers gf which it was a gift for)
I have baught my last 2-3 chains from Gem, all are steardy, can handle my heavist pendents,The chain that you by from gem are on of the best. How ever I did brake on in half when cleaning it.So be careful if you need to shine it up a bit. One major thing I do like is it's not coated with anti tarnish solution, which I allergic to.
This chain is great for pendants, but as someone who rarely takes of the chair, I would say: Be wary of durability, My chain gets caught on things, and the first one snapped, just be warned, the clasp can break, but at the price, its cheaper to buy a replacement every once and a while than find something more durable (and a lot more expensive).
They give internet shopping a good name.  The delivery was fast and the necklace was prettier than I imagines it would be. Thank you! Thank you!
The necklace very sturdy and strong, I am 5-6 tall and 24" was perfect for my neck. I really love this necklace but is too shiny and it looks like female necklace and very thin. I'm afraid to wear it, so I gave it to my sister, she loves it as well. I'm a little disappointed because the description didn't specifically describe about this necklace whether is for female or male.
I bought my daughter a locket, the chain was very thin and broke.  I wanted something inexpensive that was strong enough that she wouldn't lose it.  Would recommend. Love Amazon one click.
I purchased this with two other items for my mom.  The chain was in excellent condition and I truly am pleased with it.
I like this chain.  Very pretty.  Seller sent it right away.  Actually got it before the rest of my Amazon direct order.
This chain is just as beautiful as the description says it was! I would definitely shop at this merchant again!
I purchased a 24" 1 mm silver chain for a cross that belongs to my husband. I am very pleased with the quality of the chain and the bargain price I paid. My husband is very happy with it. Thank you.Mary McCauley
Bought this for my lady as a gift to go with some other stuff. Very pretty chain and she loves it!
I brought this for my birthday and I just love it works great with mostly any silver charms I have
I bought this chain to wear with my work outfits because of its simple and elegant design.  The necklace  was also available in a longer length which I prefer.  It works beautifully and I am pleased with my purchase.
The pendants are very pretty, the chains to go with them are what I was looking for for my wife.  I would definitely recommend Gem Avenue products, especially with the free shipping incentive if you spent $50.00 or more.
This chain is pretty, looks nice and arrived on time. I would recommend this chain to everyone, Best as a gift or gesture for that special one. The price is reasonable, and can suit everyone.
It's a pretty basic box link chain.  My girlfriend is pretty rough on jewelry and it hasn't broken yet, so it must be durable enough.  Nothing special to it, but if you are looking to hold a charm, this works fine.
Product is well constructed and looks great for the price.  Also came very fast.. much faster than the charm that I ordered from ebay to go with it. :)
I've had the watch for years and finally the buttons stopped working, so I bought another one. The only thing I would improve is the buttons are easy to accidentally push if it's carried around loose like I do. It doesn't mess up any important setting, but it would be better to make the buttons harder to push.
Not a bad looking watch if I may say so...Its great if you are going on vacation and do not want to flash alot of jewelry...And it is solar..The watch was at 2/3 charged...I'll charge fri when sun rises....I found a place in England that has band in stock..Just in case..I will use on vac and to bum around...Save wear and tear on Seiko diver....Thats my baby......
I just needed a good reliable watch.. well here it is.. light compact and always on time.. for me its the best little watch I have owned..
With all its fuctions this watch has a modest price and looks cool on the wrist as well. Good watch to try out.
A very nice, stylish Casio watch.  Good quality, loads of features (like a data bank) and it is solar powered!  Doesn't take much sun to run it at all, after two years the power bar has never gone off full.  The only drawback is the usual one for Casio watches, the hopeless and cheap rubber strap that breaks after 6 months.  Still, that is easily replaced with a nice leather one.  Overall, a very nice everyday watch that won't need batteries changing.
My 21 month old twins LOVE their new boots.  They bring them to me to put them on them all the time.  THey have wide feet and they have no problem getting into these.  They walk great in them and don't need socks.  The only reason I gave them 4 instead of 5 stars is the soft bottom.  If they had the hard bottom they would get more outdoor use, but with the soft bottom they can only walk to and from the car.  They also look ADORABLE.  At $39 a pair they were worth every penny.
I love these boots so my daughter and I can match, the problem is that the soft sole gets torn up to pieces. We went through two pairs in one winter (she was 1 at the time) Any time that it rained , I had to carry her, even though she could walk simply because they get so torn up.
I bought the size small for my 3-month-old with big-ish feet. They're definitely a little big (the extra small as listed on the box would have been perfect, but I don't think they actually make these in an XS) but they keep his toes toasty, and they stay on pretty well. We get so many comments about how cute they are.
They looked to be sturdier stiched and better materials also. I bought these as a replacement pair i had purchased from cabelas. That carry tge bame cabelas. They lasted only 21/2months and the stitching on tge bottom feet broke and we repaired twice. Thats why i purchased this pr. Hooe they stand up.
I liked the product, but the company shipped me 2 left boots.  They did pay for me to send the boots back and I am waiting for the correct order.
Good fit for my 9 months girl baby. Love it. But be careful to be outside cause it is not strong for water stuff.
These are so cute, but they seem to run very big. I purchased these for my daughter in the smallest size (2-3) and they are still huge. I wish they had a smaller size as I really wanted these for my daughter to wear in the winter. I am going to keep them in hopes that she will grow into them. They are so darn cute and soft!!!!
These pants are are durable enough to get down and dirty, yet they're still dressy enough for the boss to wear. Love em'!
I bought the Tenne Cumin, Paisley printed pants and I love them! The day I wore them I got plenty of compliments. I rated 4 instead of 5 because they're a bit snug. In this case I should have ordered a 38 instead of a 36.
I have the same pants in a light brown color in the same exact size/length, but these are much longer.  I rechecked the label and even put them up against each other and the length of my black pair is definitely off.  Oh well...nothing that a quick (and free, thanks mom!) hem can't fix.
very nice material and great color , i like it and its fit with little bit tight waist , but its no issue .
Fits well as expected. I tried it at a docker retail shop before ordering. I am happy with the purchase.
I was a bit skeptical ordering pants according to my actual measurements due to my experience in buying other pants. I took a chance this time, and did not regret it. The waist and length are exactly according to specifications. In my case the crotch and legs were fitted but not too tight which is always good thing for men who value their privates and plan to have offspring. They would be a bit too tight for those with muscular legs I imagine. I ordered the &#34;Hurricane&#34; color and it was also the same as advertised. I am hoping it does not fade easily in the near future. I am extremely satisfied with the size. My only complaint is that it is a bit too pricey in comparison to other pants in this price range. I payed $50 for these pants and I expected softer and thicker material to be honest. I think $40-$45 would be more reasonable. Overlooking this, I would recommend these pants to anyone who would appreciate its versatility. In work I can confidently wear them both in the lab and at meetings. I would definitely be buying more pairs of these pants once the price goes down.
The first order I placed of this pants didn't fit as expected, but when I order the next size they fitted perfectly.
It fit him well he loved it i just find that it was difficult to get his size in any other styles
Bought as gift for son and they were as he expected with fit, size and color.  I am  happy with my purchase.
These are some seriously snug khakis.  Not &#34;skinny jean&#34; tight, but very snug nonetheless.  Not really my style, but the construction and quality are very nice.  I like the way they fit after a couple days in them, but they are pretty darn tight when you first get them.  To specify, I ordered my normal pants size, and I'm describing the way they fit based on my normal waist/length size.
I have a few different kinds of slim fit pants and in comparison these are a little smaller.  The wait fits perfect but the legs don't provide enough room to be active at all.  If you plan on wearing these really casually or if you have legs a little smaller than average then I think these are perfect.  The construction and quality of these are superb.
I usually hate khaki pants. The scream retail employee to me, but I needed to expand my wardrobe a bit. Took a gamble on the Gravel pants and I'm a total convert. They wear like jeans. The fit me great and didn't make me feel like a cashier at a department store. Love 'em.
My coworkers laughed at first when I wore these to the office. They fit perfectly on my 5'11, 175lb frame and look good with plain white shirts, grey shirts, black sweaters. It's just enough color when worn with neutral colored tops. If you wear them with other colors, I salute your boldness! The difficult part is pictures never convey what the color actually looks like in person. The pants are actually more of a dark orange outside and reddish indoors depending on the lighting. So yeah my coworkers still kid me about them but thats ok cause I know i'm cooler than them. :-)
Great, good fit if you like tighter pants.
Pants fit really well but not overly tight which can be a problem for slim fit pants.Well made and a great colour
I have a size 28 waist, but I'm 5'11" and a runner so my thighs are a bit larger than proportion would suggest.  Thus, when I bought the 29x32, the fit was much too slim and casual, similar to skinny jeans.  However, I sized up to a 30x32 and the fit was much better.  It's still slim-fitting and a bit casual, but much less bunched and tight in the knee.Overall, they're a bit pricey but definitely worth checking out.
Great pants, a very slim fit, quality fabric and true to size (for Dockers, meaning slightly small compared to Old Navy or Gap).Shame these are hard to find in stores, but that's why it's Amazon FTW.
The fit is a little small but they are great pants. Everyone wants them. Im in need of another pair.
These pants fit well and look good too. Would definitely order a couple more pair. Especially at the price I paid.
Nice style. More rugged design/finish than I imagined but I like it.The length seems shorter than I expected but it's fine.
this is actually my forth pair and I can say they are consistent in width and length. I gave it 4 stars cause of a little stiffer material (on all of them). also I reordered midnight color one and they turned out to be cords (unlike the previous one). they were also nice, but a bit smaller/tighter all over, with inseam almost 2 inches shorter (under 30 inches instead of usual 31.5 on 31x32).
This is my third pair. My first two were purchased two years ago and this recent pair seem to fit more loosely. I was hoping for something more slender. As for sizing, I'm 6'0&#34; 155lbs. I wear a 31&#34; and these fit true to size, which was relieving. I wish they were slightly more slender, otherwise great fit and fine quality.
Fit is snug..  If you prefer a more relaxed fit - you may consider a size up..Great quality and good value..
I usually wear 36 inseam, but I have come across some brands that run long. This brand is true to size.
This is a great fitting slim pair of pants.  I would like to see something with a similar fit in a higher end appearance.  It does have a slightly worn look; great sometimes, but also would like a more dressing look but in the same fit.
I always find regular khakis a bit wide and I HATE pleats. I ordered these up a size in waist seeing as they're &#34;slim fit&#34; and they fit perfect. Nice straight fit and not too baggy. I was willing to take the chance and I'm glad I did.
Had to order up a size (thicker legs). Other than that they're great. Comfortable, casual, great fitting. Great pair of pants
The quallity seems good is almots jeans
Love the look. They just fit smaller than normal. I wear 29X32 with every other pants & they fit perfectly but not these for some reason.
It looks great but tje length is quite short bt is good. I love it when I have white top on it. It will look better for people with thicker legs bt is good. The texture look great. I love it
The equal color to the seen one in the web page.Buy in a good price.I like me the style Tapered.
I wear 35 when buying jeans. However,  here I got 36 w and it seems to me much tighter than expected. Take two number up when buying this khaki
I bought 2 of them, one in brown and another in gray, the brown one was perfect, but the gray one came like a one size smaller.
I've got this pant, in this size, in 4 different colors now.  So versatile.  Dress 'em up.  Dress 'em casual.  SLIM fit is perfect....which is way different (and for this 33 year old) than &#34;skinny&#34; fit.  Casual, comfortable, practical, stylish pants for ADULTS, haha.
These stylish pants fit my slim husband just right and make him look great. I find myself giving him compliments every time he wears them. I plan to buy additional pairs in other colors. The only negative is that they wrinkle a little. He wears them for casual Fridays at work as a nicer alternative to jeans.
This was skinnier than expected...But a nice color, fit and quality pant. I am pleased with them. Very comfy despite the skinny factor.
The leg area seemed a bit smaller then what the image indicated but that's just fine. It worked out in the end
Looks great, and has a great fit. The only problem is the length of the pants are about 1-2 inches longer than I expected for a 30x30. Normally 30 inseam would reach my ankles but these pants are 1.5 inches below my ankles when standing.Overall these look and feel great. I would buy again just an inseam length shorter
I would recomend this pants and speially for the price, legs are just perfect for slim fit and not baggy
Really hoping these stretch out as others have noted because they run at least one size too small.  All of my jeans and pants are size 29 so I ordered these in 29 but they are way too tight.  Other reviewers say they do stretch so I'm hoping they do!  Otherwise they're great, so just make sure you order at least one size more than you normally would.
this is my first pants with this brand, just look ordinary product, and the material more hard than my other pants i had.
I like them a lot..more then I expected actually.  The reason I gave them 4 stars is because the black could be a bit darker of a black and once u wash them u gotta be careful and hope they don't fade to much.
Dockers are well known for products that are highly recommended for everyone due to its durable products. The only thing is that, theyre not selling skinny pants. I hope they will make skinny/Super skinny in the future. I love the quality of their pants.
I found these pants to fit very well. They come a tad small or maybe thats just the way you are supposed to wear them (tightly). Not the most comfortable pants I've ever owned but they do look great
Nice color, great fit in leg, a bit tight in the crotch, so if you're a no underpants guy, well, just stay calm.  Fabric is kinda stiff. Lets see after a few washes.
Purchase details and baseline for fit: Gravel (Dockerspeak for "gray"), 32/30; 5'10'' with medium athletic buildFit: snug, not extremely slim but still closer and more tapered than your average khaki. Very modern, on-trend fit that rivals that of slim-straight denim. Buy true to your waist size if slim to athletic (think soccer/running builds), size one up if more of a football/weightlifting typeFabric: casual, tough, midweight cotton twill meant to be broken in over time. Not soft-washed like Gap, JCrew, BR, or some other Dockers models. Have not washed yet, but have heard it holds its size well if not tumble-driedStyling: decidedly casual, yet can cross over to work in laid-back settings and/or casual Fridays. In SoCal, these can be worn M-F at most offices I've been in, especially if you don't work in a client/customer-facing position.Flaws (IMHO): the orange logo on the back is pretty random and makes the otherwise neutral gray slightly less versatile. Might be OK on khaki colors since it blends more, but definitely sticks out Polo-style on my grays (and even RL would have used a navy logo). Also, while low rise is the style these days, Alphas have a really low one. Watch out for bunching, especially if you do lower body weights (sizing up might help).Cross-shop against: Dockers D1 styles (a bit looser than Alphas), BR Aiden or Emerson JCrew 484 or Urban Slim, Gap Lived-In Slim, Bills M3 (if you have some extra cash and want more of a slim-straight with similar fabric)
Good pair of pants, rugged and reliable, don't wrinkle easily and they keep me fairly warm in the winter.  The stitching and material are a bit casual as it's the Alpha line and meant to be sort of a middle ground between jeans and khakis.  The construction is generally solid as well, though I've had the button pop off (though that might be a bit more because of my belly popping out when I sit down than anything I should fault the pants for).
So I typically wear a 32&#34; waist, but I have very large calves since all I do is cardio. Slim fit pants are never a problem for me, though sometimes with skinny jeans they do look a bit like leggings and I try to avoid that.I love these pants, I really do, but even though I went up a size to 34&#34; waist to get a bit of extra cloth there, the seat, thighs, and knees are all perfect, but the calves just barely fit, practically cutting off my circulation.I'm keeping them around in case my calves shrink just a hair some day because they're so well made and great otherwise. Just think twice if you have runner calves!
Overall good, this pair of jeans for me. Fabric feels very good, the right size! Nice pants.I like it so much
the clip is not very tight, does not hold your money very tightly.  The wallet is very slim and seems good quality
Purchased this money/clip card holder about 3 weeks ago.  The clip is nice and slim.  So far I am very happy...just wish the money clip holder was a little stronger at holding the bills in place more securely.
I am only able to use the top two compartments on the bill side due to how tight the leather is.  And even the middle pocket is a little on the tight side.  I'm hoping eventually it will stretch a bit. I have 3 cards in each of the top two pockets, two in the side pocket, and two ID's and a medical insurance card in the windowed pocket. The money clip keeps my money pretty much in place, but it could be a little tighter than it is. If you pull on a bill or a group of bills they will easily slide out without lifting up on the clip. Which is good for removing bills in your pocket, but bad if you like to take the wallet out of your pocket to remove money.
If u want a wallet that holds your license, cash & a few credit cards this is for you.Especially good if u jog or participate in activity where a full size stuffed wallet becomes cumbersome.
Should have bought this a long time ago.  It made me size down on what I carry in my wallet and that is a good thing. Fits great in the front pocket.
I used to use a simple small metallic binder clip to hold my money and credit cards together in my front pocket.  I'm starting a new job and wanted to portray a more professional image, but I'm opposed to sitting on anything in my back pocket (it can be painful and damaging to clothing and my arse).This front pocket wallet _seems_ to be well designed with a visible pocket for identification, an inside pocket and three credit card slots on the same side as the money clip.And it is with the credit card slots that the design flaw manifests itself.  If you actually use the other pockets, then the wallet tends to bulge ever so slightly.  The bottom of the money clip is internally attached, by neccessity of design, and this mechanism prevents the bottom two credit card slots from holding the cards; they simply will not slide in place all the way to the bottom as they get bound up and impeded by the internal fixation of the money clip due to the flexing and slight bulging.I resorted to using only one of the credit card slots (the uppermost slot) and moving the others to the internal pocket. The downside to this is that it makes the front pocket wallet bulge more.A better design would have allowed for the inside pocket to have some sides to allow it to expand and not bind the internal attachment point for the money clip.  Alternately, you can empty your wallet each time to replace the bottom two cards (not very reasonable).This is disappointing and I may, at some point in the future, look to getting another front pocket wallet, but for now I will try to get some of my money's worth.=== 3 years later ===Wow, it is hard to believe it has been nearly three years since I got this wallet. I still own it, I'm going to upgrade my rating because I have used it without incident for so long. I have also been able to keep 2-3 cards in the top card slot and two cards in the second slot, but the money clip anchor point still gets in the way so I can't use the third slot (which isn't a problem, really). The stitching and leather have loosened up some so the cards slide in and out easily. The two inside pockets hold additional cards and receipts nicely. All-in-all, I'm happier with this than I thought (apparently, since I haven't replaced it :)
I've purchased this wallet twice now (lost my first one).  It's handsome, sturdy, and is appropriate for casual or formal occasions.  The gold colored clip is a nice touch/accent, and I'm having no issues with bills sliding out.
I moved to Arlington and came to discover that pick-pockets readily do exist.  So I made the decision to dump the standard billfold and go for the Regatta 88 series....which is a front-pocket billfold.  Now, it's not for the guy who carries twenty cards on himself or lots of cash.  It's a day billfold that you keep your essentials in.  Fits easily into your front pocket and you travel light.  You keep a second billfold for standard travel or trips.  High quality construction. Would recommend for the urban guy.
Great size, great versatility.  Fits easily in front pocket, holds right amount of cards with "secret" pockets to add more things - but, remember, you're buying this for compactness, not to hold too much stuff.  The only con is that a magnetic money clip would have been better, but the clip hold just fine as it is.
I like that it is nice and thin and very well designed. The only real down fall is that the clip hardware makes it difficult to slide cards back in to the front card slot, this is not do tot the tension of the clip but rather the metal place that keeps the clip secure.All in all - I would purchase again, it looks great and I just leave NFC cards in that front pocket so I dont have to worry about removing them.
This costume was purchased for my granddaughter at her request. She has had a lot of fun wearing it when she and her granddad volunteer at an Air Museum on weekends. The helmet is much too small for an average nine year old's head even though we bought a size 14/16 and she normally wears a size 10/12. The uniform is a little too short and runs small. My advice to people buying it is to order at least a size or two larger than usual.aj ink
This was a real hit with my 3 year old grandson.  He had to take the flight suit to bed with him he liked it so much!
We loved it but they did not provide the entire costume. It was supposed to come with the helmet but they did not have anymore. Other than that it fit perfectly, it kept him warm and my son loved it.
A very nice little costume, fit our son well for his age and very detailed, great value for the money. Our son is wearing it often and was well worth the extra money spent relative to a cheapo halowween costume that gets one wear then into the garbage.
Great costume, well made, fits right.  My son is 8 years old and the size 8/10 fit perfectly.  There are lots of zippers, some are pockets and some just open, no pocket.  Helmet cute, plastic.  I like the way the chin strap slipped together - easy on, easy off.  Product was delivered on time.
The suit itself is good quality with actual patches sewn on and durable fabric. The helmet is nice but just plastic with stickers on it. My son is 8 but tall for his age and the size 8/10 is barely long enough. No way he will be able to wear next year. I would buy another size larger.
The uniform was really nice.  The helmet was a bit small and cheesy, but it worked.
It was nice.  The material was pretty much what I expected.  It wasn't hard or stiff so my very picky son was ok in the costume.  He saw it online and wanted it for Halloween.  The helmet is a little babyish but its ok.
We bought this product to use as a Halloween costume. It worked out perfectly and are happy to let our son use it for dress up play anytime.
My 6 year old son loves it!  We bought it as a Halloween costume and he wears it all the time to play in. Definitely get your money's worth.
This was a costume for my 5yr old son. He likes it although, I read a lot of reviews saying that it ran a little small, so I ordered the 6/8. My son is tall so I thought it would be OK but it was a little too long. My son is also very skinny so it might run small in the width. All in all we are pleased with the product.
Perfect fit.  My son and I love this suit.  I took so many pictures of him because he looked so cute in this outfit.  He wore on 2 occasions and this coming halloween.  A+
Just received this to wear for Halloween 2013.  My son is 5 & wears size 6 pants.  I was a little nervous this wouldn't fit even though I bought a 4/6, but it does.  It is just long enough.  He is thin so only the length was a concern.  I saw the reviews from a few years ago where pieces were missing.  It all came, so no issues there, & it was packaged well.  (Bought from Birthday in a Box.)
This is a great looking watch, but it is definitely a man-size watch which the description does not indicate.
the watch is great, tells time as it should, and the day. but it is a bit heavy and it will annoy my wrist after an hour or two and ill take it off for a while. and after i wash my hands the watch makes my wrist sticky, so i have to take it off for a few minutes. good value for the price, which is why it gets my 4  rating. if i shattered it, i wouldnt buy it again. on a side note, i have had it for a bout 6 months, and the weight has annoyed me enough to stop wearing it.
I love wearing camisoles under my house dresses.  They also work great under tee shirts for an extra layer in colder weather.  This one is nice but no different than most of the other ones I have.  I don't think it lives up to the No Panty Line Promise any more than a regular cami does.
This was the first time I placed an order with Grady's Online.  Grady's split my order into two orders. I received the first order for the demineralization cartridge without a problem.  The second order for the replacement Ionic Silver Stick was a different story.  The order for both items was place online on April 11th.  After waiting quite a while I finally received the second order, on April 22nd, but they sent me the wrong item.  When I called, on April 22nd, they said they would send out the correct item and a shipping label to mail back the wrong item.  On May 1st I called Grady's again to inquire about where my second shipment was. Grady's finally shipped the second item on May 4th, almost a month after placing the order.  The prepaid shipping label was not included as promised.  A few days later Grady's sent an apology letter along with the shipping label.  Even though their price was good I wouldn't order from them again.
I like to have back ups of replacement products on hand.  This way, when you need to replace the Silver Stick, you don't have to worry about ordering it and waiting for the arrival.  It does what it is supposed to do in the AIR-O-SWISS unit I have. Not sure if it works in anything else, though.
I replace this once a year as I only use the humidifier during the winter in my kids rooms (I have one in each room).  Since its my kids I care about safety and if the manufacture says to use this and replace it I do.That being said, do you REALLY need one ?? No, but I feel safer. This is why I gave it 4 not 5 stars.  I my be snake oil as far as I know, but I will replace it anyway.
This is a must for the swiss-o-air humidifier, but they need to sell for a reasonable price.
The colors are as vibrant as their pictures ( maybe eve more so, in some cases). The scarves are heavy enough for winter wear scarf and for cooler summer days. Obviously they are not meant to replace heavy winter scarves, but, are malleable enough to be folded to create extra layers of warmth around the neck.
I bought this item solely to boost my total order amount over $25 so I could get super-saver shipping. It was the cheapest thing I could find that I thought I might be able to use. So I wasn't exactly an enthusiastic buyer. However, at 99 cents, the price was right and I saved several times that cost because of the free postage on my entire order.The legwarmers aren't the prettiest things I've ever seen. Actually, the colors are rather unappealing. But they're warm and well made, and should serve nicely in winter.
I love this pull over, it does rake your wallet like a PUMA one would.  The material is probably the most durable I have ever seen.  I have had this for a few years, I wear it constantly to the gym...and it still looks the same as when I bought it.  The only drawback is that is has a baggy waste, so it snugs you arms and shoulders and is baggy down the side...so your V-taper you are working on...nobody will see it.
First, let me start by saying this: DO NOT BUY THIS ITEM FROM MACRO COMPANY!! I purchased a sit n stroll from MACRO with plenty of time to spare for an upcoming vacation. The amazon website stated it would ship in 1-2 days. MACRO did not intend on shipping it for at least 10 days! I had to cancel my order which was a disaster. The company never once returned numerous phone calls and emails I left with them. I refused delivery of the item and MACRO never credited my account for it! In the end, my credit card company had to dispute charges with them. It was a huge headache! Very dissapointing company, to say the least. We ended up using a different website to purchase the product.Now, let me say that I really like the sit n stroll! I used it on a vacation that I went on alone with my 14 month old. Make sure that you call ahead to the airline to see if the plane isle way is wide enough for the sit n stroll. My plane was small, so I had the pilot actually carry the sit n stroll onto the plane for me. The stroller is way to heavy to carry with one hand! I would not recommend using this item as an everyday stroller, it does not feel that sturdy. After my trip, we placed it in our second car and use it only as a car seat. It is a good item for the money. Things that I didn't like about it ... nearly impossible to lift from a carseat position into a stroller with my 23 lb. daughter inside. I needed another person's help for that. The catch on the back is sharp and I cut my hand twice trying to use it.  Also, there is really no storage space under or behind the actual seat - again, I would not recommend this as an everyday stroller.Good product, bad vendor!!!!
We bought this locket and chain for our four year old and she loves it. Yes, the space for the photos is tiny, but, hey, it's a tiny locket for tiny people. Don't buy it for a ten year old. Price has increased greatly since last Fall, so it's not as good a deal as it was then. That said, the clasp on ours is still working, the chain is not broken, and the finish on the silver is still bright. It's fine.
This is a very cute bag, a little smaller than I anticipated, but it's helped me cut back on all of the stuff I carry.
My daughter loves it but we have had to have it fixed twice b/c it has pulled apart. May not be for younger girls
Well first of all I was satisfied with the product dont get me wrong.The thing that went totally wrong was the shipping method that was used by who ever shipped it.  Or may be it was UPS who messed up.  I dont know who messed up but the reason for my review is that someone did.  This was a preasent for my girl friend.  And in order for her not to find out about it I had it mailed to my P O Box.  It was directed to my previous address which was then forwarded to my girl friend.  She got her christmas present two weeks early.  That totally sucked I did not have anything to surprise her Christmas morning.
I was amazed how many stores I went to looking for a replacement insert for credit cards that loaded from the top.  So if all you've been able to find so far are inserts that make your cards fall out of your wallet or are way too big.  This wallet insert may very well be for you, as it was for me, a quick end to what was otherwise a long and futile journey.
This jacket ran a little bigger than I thought but that turned out to be ok.  I am able to put a sweater on underneath for those days that start out chilly then turn a little warmer later in the afternoon.  Washes well in the machine if you use delicate cycle.  Remove immediately to reduce wrinkles and hang or lie flat to dry.
the OVR wheels are excellent, no heavy pull on your arms, the only issue is the proportions, the bag itself could be roomier, and the daypack smaller, the handle does take some space inside the bag so it feels smaller, but well constructed, if you do not whant such a large large backpack it's a bit bulky, get the Tarmac and buy the daybag on the side...
I really like this bag.  I have always liked her style.  The reason that I gave this bag four stars is because the zipper is down inside the bag.  Her other bags are easier to use because the zipper is on top.  Still it is a great bag though.
I have had one for about a year now. It works great for what it is. The moving dial is a time keeper. This does work underwater, I have used mine in the pool many many times. even the hottub. keeps wonderful time. This watch works great, and looks great.
I was looking for a swimdress that looked modern and nothing like what my mother used to wear--- and I found it in this suit!  Love the halter styling and empire waist.... gives it a really young and hip look.  My only complaint is that there are no soft cups up top.  The white is sooo cute, but your girls will show right through!  I liked the suit so much that I spent $20 to have a tailor add some cups to give the coverage it needs, and give me the little lift that I need! ;)  The rest of it is not see through and is lined with a nude lining so you can kind of see the attached panties through (making it appear like a 2 piece)---which also helps to mod it up~!  So, for me, would have been perfect if they had just gone one step further and added a little support up top.
Very cute and modern swimdress. I got a lot of compliments on it. Luckily, I ordered a black colored swimdress so the "see-through" problem didn't really affect me. I would have preferred if it had some padding though just to give it a little extra boost, but overall, it's adorable and fits really well!
I didn't know this product existed.  This comes in handy when you need a camisole to wear underneath a suit jacket or just need something to make a neckline more modest.  It would be nice to have more colors to choose from.
I usually wear stretch jeans and I ordered these jeans in a size lower than my current size given all the reviews. They ended up being too tight. As another reviewer commented, if you already wear comfort fit stretch fabric jeans and know your size then order the same size. If you wear slim fit no-stretch jeans then you need to go one size lower as these jeans will stretch and be too loose.
While the jeans were a perfect fit and I was pleased with that, the website had shown the jeans to be a dark denim which is what I was wanting.  The item I received was a faded denim which I do not care for.  I kept them regardless of the color factor and will be more specific on color in the future.
I finally found a pair of jeans to fit this overweight, 51 yr old body of mine.  The jeans fit perfectly.  No gaps in the back waist, no extra material hanging from the backs of the thighs (under the seat), and just enough stretch.  The only reason I didn't give them 5 stars is that I ordered my regular size (not one size smaller as Wrangler advised).  Of course my regular size is a 16 in comfort waist, stretch LLBean jeans, so... Thank you women of Wrangler!
I like these jeans, they do run a size larger than the size states, not sure what the reason is for this.  Always liked the fit of wrangler jeans vs levis.  Little expensive, never seem to be on sale, maybe a couple dollars off that's all.  Haven't had them long enough to comment on the wear, etc.
I have been wearing these Aura jeans for several years now and love them...Best fitting jeans I have ever had... I was a little disappointed when I received these jeans,because even though they were the same serial number as the previous store bought pairs that I have been wearing,they did not fit exactly the same... The only difference that I could find is that the store bought pairs tag was made with Lycra Spandex and the Amazon bought pairs were made with Spandex...That said the new pairs from Amazon did not seem to have the same elasticity to them and therefore, did not conform the same way... Everything else I am happy with and will get great wear out of them...
I love these jeans!! The fit is fantastic and they are very comfortable. It would be very helpful if they were available in a petite length so I didn't have to hem them. I just bought another pair. They are really hard to get and this is the first time they have been available since I bought the first pair in April. I wanted to get two pair but only one was available.
The jeans are sized different.  I had to order 2 sizes smaller than normal.  I like the way that they fit.  I do not like that they stretch out.  After wearing for a day, I have to wash them to reshrink them.
I was suprised to see how nice the watch was.Not to big,not to small.Not for party,but a fine working-day watch.The color-setting is quite delicate!Thanks!!
The watch arrived in excellent condition.  Was just as listed on the site.  The style and color are just what I was looking for.
I thought this was a very nice everyday watch at a great price.  My wife, who received it as an Xmas gift, wanted a different style.  Not a reflection on the watch; more on my lack of gift choosing skills.  Excellent A+ service with timely delivery just before the holiday and a prompt no-hassle refund when I returned it.  I highly recommend Princeton watches to all fellow clueless husbands.
The watch is smaller than my others -- the face is about the size of a penny.  It's a nice design.  The watch strap isn't really brown, but more of a wine color, which is OK.  The strap is fairly short, too, so if you have a larger than 7-inch wrist, it will probably be too small.
This is a nice, dressy looking watch that is appropriate for work and everyday use. I especially like the day and date function as well as the fact that the hour markers and hands glow in the dark. It is cool to be able to see what time it is in the middle of the night. However, this is not a watch for people with large wrists or for people who have difficulty seeing small numbers. My wrist is not that tiny but it fits me comfortably and I can see the face of the watch without any trouble. Seiko is an excellent, older brand and worth the investment. I would recommend this watch for any lady who does not want a large watch on their wrist.
The price is right, the delivery was on time, and the watch is cute. I recommend this for those who have small wrists.
This is a great quality watch and very attractive. The dial is a little hard to read the time only because of my age, it is a little small. I would recommend this product if you have good vision.
I ordered and received this women's Seiko but was forced to return it and buy a watch with a larger face.  The return was easy, since it was Amazon, and I bought another watch via Amazon.com.I made a huge mistake before buying this watch.  I did not note the size or diameter in millimeters.  I was surprised at the small size of the watch when I received it.  Even with glasses, I could not see the face well enough to see the time.  It's a shame, since it's a lovely, high quality watch.I highly recommend the watch, unless you are older and like me, are having vision problems.
I like the watch, it's attractive but much smaller than I thought it would be.  My fault for not checking closer