3rd year running I have brought these, takes a little time to get them to the US, but alway worth it. Thanks
Quality construction, good looking hat. Given as a gift and very much appreciated. I would recommend this item to Top Gear lovers and anyone who enjoys cars!
I love it! I have followed the show for years, and now I can show my support for the show.
My husband moved getting this as part of his Christmas gift. I think it looks very sleek when he wears it. The logo is reasonable sized, and does not take away from the look of the hat. He loves the show but doesn't want to look like a kid with a cartoon on their shirt. It's a great fit and exactly what is hoped it would be.
Bought it for my husband a die hard BBC TopGear fan for Christmas. Worth every penny.  Shipping was quick and he was delighted.
I LOVE my envirosaxes!  They roll up into a small little ball that I can easily keep in my purse.  Then it quickly unrolls into a heavy duty bag that I can use at the grocery store, the mall, Target, or to toss in the kid's dirty clothes.  I've been trying to provide my own/reuse bags for a year, but too often I forget the big, stiff bags in the car.  The compactness of the enviorsax makes it easy to take everywhere.
I absolutely love these bags. I bought them for myself first and used them all the time. They fold up so compactly that you can pop one in your hand bag and be ready at any store to use it. The rest of the set I keep in my car, they contain themselves in their own little sack so you don't have bags all over the place and your ready no matter when you head to the grocery store. I have also found them useful for all sort of other things. You need to grab another set of clothes for some reason, or just can't fit everything in your over night bag, use one of these stylish bags to carry the overflow. I get so many compliments on them as well. Since I bought them for myself and loved them so much I have bought them for all of my girlfriends and everyone just loves them. And my favorite part is that you know you are keeping all those plastic bags out of the landfills.
I love these bags!  They fit easily into your purse so that you always have a reusable bags handy. They are strong and hold quite a bit, more than some other ones I tried before. Plus, they are very attractive and I hardly ever use mine without someone complimenting it.
I bought this in 2 other series/designs for myself and to give away as gift bags.  I had a gift that was unusual in shape and I couldn't find a gift bag to place it in.  I had a set of these pouches and placed the gift in one of them, included a copy of instructions on how to fold it (included with the set) and gave it to her to reuse when she wants to go shopping!  So I decided to get other designs, keep the bags I want and use the others for gift bags again.  It's very portable, attractive, sturdy.  Great for traveling when you need an extra bag and the designs in this set is pretty.  Oh, and it's good for the environment to keep reusing it.
This little bag is great for sticking in your purse for those "Oh drat, I forgot my reusable bags" moments. It's design is so superior to the others this size. Because its little stow pouch is so stretchy, it is far easier to put away than other bags with integrated stuff sacks and I find myself using it nearly every time I go out.It does stow into a ball about the size of a peach, but it's a squishy peach, so it actually takes up less space than you'd think; it stores quite flat in my purse.Overall, it's really the best of this size/weight resusable bags. I love mine and am here trying to resist getting one in every color!
I got one of these for my room-mate and one for myself. We bring bags to stores when we shop and these are GREAT. They are larger than most of our bags, look great and pack small in the purse. The color is beautiful! I plan to order more in other colors just because they are to practical. (And when on a shopping trip, I can remember which bag color came from which store, or pack cold stuff together so it gets taken care of first)
I bought this bag a few months ago, and I'm so glad I did.  This really is a fantastic bag for those quick trips into the store when you least expect it and don't have your reusable bags with you.  I've gotten many compliments on my bag.  I love it so much that I'm giving these as Christmas presents this year.  Now they have the bag in awesome prints, so I think I might have to buy a couple more for me too!
I absolutely LOVE this bag! It's roomy enough to carry alot of items yet compact enough to fit in your purse without taking up too much room or having to rely on the plastic ones offered in stores. The bag folds up so quickly and easily inside the small stretchy knit bag that is attached inside, then the top flips over and voila!! I bought one for myself, then several colors and now am buying them as THE perfect little gift for others. It's always a hit!!
love these bags and I shared them with ladies in the office..Can't live without them anymore...thanks
I highly recommend these Envirosax reusable bags.  They are lightweight, durable, and easy to pack in a purse for use when shopping.  Too often I don't have the larger stiff reusable bags on hand when shopping unless I plan ahead.  I have started carrying a couple of these Envirosax bags with me in my purse to use wherever I find myself.  I have even started giving them as gifts.
Lightweight and beautiful sacks make it easy to forgo the paper or plastic store bags.
I love this rosary. it is so beautiful.  I've had so many complements on it.  When I pray it, I can just feel the Lord within me.  Thank you
Love it but  the shipping was outrageous. Did not realize as I bought other items with this purchase. When it arrived the handling and customs charges were high also.
The cross on the Rosary I received is different than pictured in the advertisement, but I don't mind, and the rest of the Rosary looks just as pictured. I like this Rosary.
Great fitting stretchy band piece.my dog chewed myne up though!I Love  The Vibrant Colors.these Are Hard To Find.great Buy  Ahhh
Beautiful crystal rosary.  The price was excellent and shipment arrived at the time expected.  My mother fellin love with it and so did my sisters.  This means I have to purchase more.
I love this item it came from the holy land and the box it came in stated Jerusalem on it I was sad it took for ever to get to me but I love this product it was a gift to my husband
I will never be able to go to Jerusalem so having this beautiful rosary is the next best thing.Love it.
Did the trick for a party we had. My daughter likes to wear it. The quality is decent for the price.
The picture is accurate - although I wouldn't buy again - spendy for what you really get - just some small aluminum bottles.
These containers were perfect for packing our super strong insect repellent for a trip to Africa.  We had to comply with TSA liquid rules so we emptied the big bottle into these smaller sizes.Nothing leaked, and the aluminum kept the strong smell of insect repellent away from our clothes.  Worked like a charm!
I ordered these travel bottles because I have concerns about BPA in plastic. I had trouble finding aluminum travel containers in the stores and was very pleased when these arrived. They are very sturdy and do not leak!!!
Product arrived on time and as pictured.  Bottles have wide enough openings to pour thick product into slowly without a mess.  Travel case is snug and has a nice handle.  Helpful that it is TSA acceptable.  I ordered decal labels from another site and labeled 6 different containers.
I really like it is perfect to put my tool bags and Jumping cables in the trunk. It give me more space without every think all over the trunk.
Bought two of these back in June for my new SUV.  They are GREAT! Used them to pack items for vacation and I keep them in the back of my car for everyday use, like kids backpacks and to keep my groceries from sliding all around in the back.  Also, on a recent shopping trip with a girl friend they were perfect so that we each had a place to put our packages! Now I need to order her one for her van and my teenage daughter wants one for the trunk of her car!
I gave it as a gift and the recipients are very pleased. It folds nicely when they aren't using it and it is easy to unfold when they want it. The Velcro on the bottom stops it from moving around. It is the perfect size for grocery bags. Perhaps it is because it is still new, but it isn't floppy at all. The top is handy too, so you can run lots of errands without worrying about the expensive items sitting in your hatch for all to see.
I had a small stretch cargo net that was attached to the four cargo tie down hooks in the back of my Explorer Sport SUV and it did a pretty good job of holding down a couple of gallons of milk so they wouldn't roll away but the amount of items I could slip under the stretch cargo net was limited.  I needed something larger.  I did my internet research and came upon the Case Logic ATO40 Folding Cargo Bag.  It seemed to be what I was looking for.  Case Logic was a name that I was very familiar with, the size was decent (23.25" x 13.25" x 12.25") and it has a 25 year factory warranty.  How could I go wrong?Now my Case Logic ATO40 Folding Cargo Bag sits nicely between the SUV's cargo hooks without interfering with them.  The underside of the bag has factory-attached hook and loop strips  (affectionately known as Velcro to us who sew) which makes the bag stick like glue to my SUV carpet.  Even if I have a lightweight item in the cargo bag the bag doesn't slide all over the back of my truck.  I've stuffed gallons of milk, liters of soda and six filled plastic grocery bags into the Case Logic ATO40 Folding Cargo Bag and have yet to have anything tip over.  I haven't used the flap closures yet but have had opportunity to use the stretch pockets on the front which I love for small packages that might get crushed if they were put into the main compartment with larger items.The only thing about the cargo bag that I really don't care for is the sides tend to flop down which makes the entire piece look a bit unkept.  The sides are made of thick nylon fabric and have no stability rods to keep them taunt so they tend to drape into the bag when it's not packed full enough to hold the sides up.  I'm sure a couple of 2 foot long flexible acrylic rods slipped into the top side interior edges of the bag would take care of that and I might eventually try that if the sides become a problem for me.The darkness of the bag blends in with the dark gray interior of my SUV so the Case Logic ATO40 Folding Cargo Bag is not obviously visible if someone were to happen to look into the back of my truck.All in all I am very happy with this purchase and would not hesitate to buy the Case Logic ATO40 Folding Cargo Bag again, droopy sides and all.
Great organizer bag for your SUV/Mini Van/Car.  The velcro at the bottom of the bag really keeps it in place and prevents it from sliding around.  The zipper closure also keeps the contents private.  I highly recommend this bag.
This organizer was a gift and the recipient was happy with it's features.  Dividers in the interior might have been an improvement.
If you don't have much room this storage cargo is ideal.  Very well built and the price was a great value.
I packed away my emergency kit and various other might-need car items in this and I haven't heard anything from them since. It keeps everything nice and secure back there, which is all I asked it to do.
The title says it all.  I love it because it collapses when not in use and yet holds a ton of stuff when in use.
I've been thinking about organizing my trunk space for quite some time.  This makes it so much easier to bring home groceries without them sliding all over the trunk and save my back from trying to reach items that have traveled to the innermost reaches of my trunk space.
Great Item. The cargo bag folds flat when not in use which is one of it's great features but the best is not having my groceries all over the back end of my car when I get home. Items never stay in the bag they leave the store in. They see the opening and they immediately roll under the seat.
Awesome product! Carry all your groceries n oe trip! Love these. No more many trips... One trio is it!!!!!  BUY THESE!!!!
Looked at over 50 trunk organizers...in stores and online. This is the best out there for price and quality....and one of only a few that can actually close shut. Best feature if you are going to just keep in your trunk and store stuff in...can just close up top and not think about it.
These folding &quot;bags&quot; are great! They're actually box-shaped and make great replacements for cardboard boxes in some instances. I use them for holding lots of different things:- groceries in the back of my pickup,- my winter survival gear,- unwrapped Xmas presents,- dry goods in the pantry,- an extra sleeping bag,- clean socks and underwear.The bags feature external web pockets, zipping covers, and sturdy handles. I do wish the sides were a bit stiffer since I don't need to fold them very often anyway. The lack of stiffness is the only thing that keeps these bags from being the perfect cardboard box replacement.I bought about ten of these when they were on sale a while back. I wish I had bought at at least twice as many!
Works as expected.. Keeps my rear trunk organized.... Perfect size holds just about anything you normally have in the trunk or your car or in my case SUV...
What a great tin man heart!!!  Very durable and brightly colored.  Delivered very fast, and great communication.
This went great with my tinman costume. The heart arrived between 3-5 days so that was great.
Love the clock - will look great on my christmas tree as the theme this year is Wizard of Ozthe size was everything I expectedthe shipping packaging was so perfect - received in wonderful conditionwould order from this person again
if you really thought you were getting a real clock, i'm glad you were a tad bit upset. yes i recommend you buy this for the costume. it is plastic, duh, but without it, the costume looks dull.
Our Tin Man in our Wizard of Oz theme chinese auction wishes for a heart.  I couldn't pass up the opportunity to buy this wonderful heart for him to wear with his costume.  It is in the shape of a heart, has a chain to attach to the costume, and the picture of the numbers on the clock make it look like it really could be beating.....it really completes the costume.  It is of good quality, affordable and arrived soon after I ordered it.  Now the Tin Man really has a &#34;heart.&#34;
The Tinman's Heart ClockAwesome, we are having a themed birthday party and these will be a wonderful addition. We are so looking forward to seeing the guest reaction!
We use this bag from the very first bath! I don't know how she would feel in the towel, we never used it, because she like her bag.We've made some great pictures of our baby in this bath bag. she looks so cute in it:)))
Greatest thing ever. My daughter gets cold really fast so I dry her off and put her in her bath sack to warm her up. she loves it
My kids and I love Sponge Bob Square Pants, so this comforter is a perfect addition to their bedroom theme!
MY BOYS 5YRS AND 2YRS LOVE SPONGEBOB AND ALL OF HIS FRIENDS AND THIS IS ASET THAT GOOD FOR BOYS B/C EVERYTHING ELSE IS VIOLENCE RELATED
I bought this bed spread 2 weeks ago and I LOVE IT!!!!!!!I rate it 5/5 or better!!!! You shoud buy it, it is very warm, soft and comfortable!!!!!Spongebob is my most favorite character in the whole world!!!!!!!!
Comfortable, high quality, exactly what I wanted!I would highly recommend to anyone who is in need of a casual dress shirt that also goes with brown or black as well as many shoe and tie options...
This is a really nice shirt. The material is high quality, the stitching is cleanly done, the fit is excellent (15 - 34 sleeve). Very high quality at a good price. Recommended.
These are great handkerchiefs!  So hard to find in stores nowadays, except for seasonal.  Great soft cotton, and no shrinkage!
These are a very practical handkerchief.  Most handkerchiefs are made of fabric that is very lightweight and they do not hold moisture well.  These work well because the fabric is a perfect weight.  They cost more than lightweight handkerchiefs, but I was happy to pay more to get a product that does the job properly.
As other reviewers have noted, it can be hard finding good cotton handkerchiefs in stores anymore.  This product is a good one, though.  The material is soft and is of good thickness.  They are absorbent, and do a very good job of cleaning my glasses.  They are not cheap, but are well worth the price paid, and I would gladly buy more when the time came.  (The company does send occasional catalogs, but not with annoying frequency.)
I was able to buy handkerchiefs online after many unsuccessful trips to several brick-and-mortar stores. They are of good quality and size.
Decided to go civilized and invest in these hanks.  They are as advertised.  Nice linen feel.  They stood the test of a cold nose in a long Vermont winter...about three nose blows a day without incident.
I had tried several vertical 'backpack' type laptop cases before settling on this excellent pack.  Your laptop will be securely held in a padded sleave in the back of the pack, so the pack will be nicely balance when work like a backpack.  There is plenty of room for the various cables, power cords, and gear that any 'road warrior' will need.There is a detachable key ring inside one of the pockets, and a special pocket on the side of the pack for your mobile phone (although I have not trusted my phone to this pocket!)
my husband uses this bag.not giant, which is great since we have lots of sports bags.cushioned water bottle sleeve.outdoor large pocket.mesh ball pocket.seperate shoe pocket underneath.very sturdy has lasted well.
This backpack is the best sport bag I have ever purchased.  It is roomier than I thought.  I use this bag mostly for my sport activities since it is made of mesh and it lets things inside dry well.  My toddler and I use this mesh backpack mostly for swimming.  It is big enough to fit our swimming suits, towels, baby pool toys, and changing clothes.  We do not have to worry about drying our bag when we return home.  The little zipper compartment in front is a convenient storage for my keys and membership card.  I cannot ask for more from this practical mesh backpack. You won't be disappointed with size, comfort, and versatility of this bag.
Lots of pockets, plenty of room, and comfortable.  Too bad it's discontinued!
I purchased the scarlett version of this bag more than two years ago, and it's still in perfect condition!  The color doesn't fade when you wash it, and it's the most durable bag I've ever owned.  I will not, refuse to, absolutely cannot make me carry a purse, but I carry this bag everyday.  The very front zipper pocket is great for change, the small zipper holds my keys and cell and a host of other small items I always seemed to be losing before, and the large pocket is big enough to fit several medium sized paperbacks in.  It's perfect for everyday use, and will last forever. The "backpack straps" are comfortable and have never broken.  I was so excited when I found this on Amazon, and IN EVERY COLOR!  Before, the selection was red and black only, so this is fabulous!  Buy this bag, you will love it!
This has been the greatest transitional diaper bag for my toddler.  I love that it's hands-free, I can throw my wallet and cell phone and keys in there along with the pull-ups, the wipes, the snack and the sippy cup.  Now that my little guy is potty trained, it carries the spare underwear and shorts for just-in-case-we-have-an accident, and it has served as his first backpack when he goes to school.  It seems indestructable so far, too.  I agree it wouldn't work as a baby diaper bag--not enough room for all that stuff.
As a mom I go on a ton of field trips. This is perfect. Holds water, lunch, hand wipes , small camera , and more! I have even washed it a few times and it still looks like new! Buy it today!
Hey,I decided to review some things I didn't buy off Amazon, but I have owned for sometime that are really great items: the kind I would buy again for sure if they were lost. I would say lost or broken, but Jansport has lifetime warranties! If anything happens to your backpack, all you have to do is mail it to Jansport with a note of the problem, they will fix it for FREE and send it back to you. They will even send you a card while they have it telling you it misses you and will be back soon. Overall, these are such great products, you just have to get a Jansport if you're thinking of a backpack.Also, I am in a review writing competition with a friend of mine and if this review is helpful, which I hope it really is, I would love to have your yes vote!With Care,Sam
I use my half-pint as a purse during the day when I'm at school or out with my son. It has a key holder in the front pocket and just enough room for my wallet, mt daily planner, a water bottle and whatever else I need to carry with me. Plus, you can throw it in the washing machine and dryer when it gets dirty.I get tons of compliments on this little bag.
The puppy shredded my wallet on Sunday afternoon. It was raining and not all the contents of the wallet were in the dog's stomach. It just was not usable and I still had all my ID's and credit cards. I wanted to replace it with something slightly smaller so when I went to Amazon.com, I looked first at the wallets that had measurements listed and then looked at the enlarged features so that I could judge whether or not they fit my needs.Most of the wallets with measurements were not pretty to me and none of them came in red. I learned later that I should have checked the availability of the colors listed before I set my heart on the red wallet. The black wallet I decided upon is exactly what I wanted when I started looking through some 250 styles. It just is not red.After I received my lovely black wallet, I told my sister about it and I am now ordering a duplicate for her birthday at her request. She wanted a red wallet, too. Guess what? Hers will be black as well.
Compact and very light. My husband is happy with it.
When I purchased this set of packing cubes, I wasn't sure it was a sensible idea. I've traveled all over the world, usually with as little luggage as possible; surely these things would be superfluous?I'm glad I made the investment. On every trip, you end up with two collections: clean clothes and dirty laundry. No matter how well you organize your suitcase, by the end of the trip you're rifling through the dirty clothes to find the one last pair of clean underwear. These cubes simplify and organize, so you know exactly what's where, and you can grab the clean stuff without having to dig through laundry. Plus, they're useful for more than clothes: we kept our vitamins and supplements in the smallest cube, so we didn't have to paw through the luggage for that stuff, either.They fold down to nothin', weigh only a few ounces, and are extremely useful. My only regret is that I didn't buy two sets!
I have had a number of JP OURSE purses because the leather is unbelievably beautiful and supple, the colors are gorgeous, and the linings have a really nice quality feel to them.  This little bag is great for slinging over your shoulder or body when you want to have your hands free and don't want to lug alot of stuff.  It won't hold much.. Just a few things...
wow.....I was hesistant with the price, that I might be paying 70 for something thats worst than the regular Jansport ones. But this backpack is comfortable, looks awesome (i got tan and chocolate and some places call it a different color), and can hold just about anything. I use it mostly for school, but its also gone along with me to the skateparks, paintball fields, and family trips. It has many pockets, and a few secret ones i found like a year later, and the main compartment is accompannied by a hidden 2nd big (not as big as the main compartment) compartment, where I store some books for school.This bag doesnt look at all worn out after a year's use, and for 70 bucks its tottally worth it.Peace.
I totally love this backpack, I've had mine for over 3 years and it still holds up, I'm buying a new one only because my mom thinks my old one is dirty :P But this is a really good investment. It holds up well and doesnt tear, except for the plastic part of the zippers sometimes breaks off, but thats easily remedied. I would definately recomend this product!
Visiting Williamsburg VA, stopped by the Outlet Malls in Toana, looking for a computer sleeve, with handle if possible, something I could use to tote my IBM ThinkPad to meetings and such, with the AC adapter, space to park some notes and a separate pocket for CDs.  Wow!  Great padding, universal size (I use a T41, we also have bulkier A30s and these pouches fit both sizes equally well) with a handle, separate efficient AC adapter and cable pouch, and TWO CD pockets, mesh, on the outside.  I have had TravelPro (too expensive, not flexible) and LowenPro (still not flexible) but this Travelon Large Screen Protector (AKA Computer Pouch) is great.  Want to toss a laptop in your carry-on luggage and avoid the laptop bag entirely?  This is IT.
This passport holder is everything I hoped for and it was delivered in a quick and timely manner.  It is 5 stars plus.
I always find myself placing my tickets and boarding passes in various pieces of carry on luggage or my purse and fumbling to find them at security and the gate.I also carry a laptop, so there is more fumbling more placing it and out of the bag.This definately helps keep things easier to manage, flip the ID open and closed, quickly take it off for screening after getting my boarding pass out, then quickly be able to slip it back on andd get the boarding pass back in a spot where I remember to put it.
If you've flown since Sept 11th, you know how many times you are asked to present your boarding pass and driver's license.  If you've flown overseas, you add your PassPort too.  This simple wallet is brilliant.What's best about this brand is the fact that it SNAPS CLOSED.  So, if you're like me, and not too thrilled with your drivers license photo, you don't have to walk around with it in plain sight.  And the fact that this hangs comfortably around your neck means no fumbling for these documents at each security checkpoint.I cannot recommend this highly enough.  I've purchased several more for friends and family.  Once you've used it, you'll never fly without it.
I have had this backpack since 7th grade. Now, a 5th year senior in college, the big front pocket zipper finally let go. It is the only fault. No holes, only degradation from where the straps pulled on the bottom of the bag. Even the zipper strings are all still there and aren't going to come off any time soon.During my two seasons of Drum Corps, I took this backpack from Indiana to Minnesota, Minnesota to Texas, Texas to Florida, Florida to Pennsylvania, then back to Indiana again. It has seen enough days of being out in the sun for 12+ hours to fade the blue almost 4 shades lighter. Not to mention, half of those times, it was soaking wet with water.It's just too bad that they don't still make these anymore. I loved it and trust me, I WAS NOT easy on it. It was thrown around, shoved full of crap, and dragged through mud and dirt. I used to strap a full water jug (1 gallon or larger) to the straps every day with carabiners and it never even ripped a stitch.I have a feeling that I won't find one like this, especially for the very low price that it was at Wal-Mart all those years ago. Even being as cheap and worn in as it is, it's the most comfortable backpack I've ever used, even compared to those with gel straps.I've had a lot of good memories with this backpack. I hope to find one that lasts just as long.
I used to be a very loyal Jansport buyer, but when the time came for a new backpack, I decided to see what else was out there.  I am very glad I did.I knew this was the backpack for me when I was in a store examining the various models and trying them on for comfort.  After about half an hour of this I decided to go do some other shopping when my daughter pointed out I still had one on my shoulder!  It fit so well that I had stopped noticing I even had it on.  So I bought it!The Pros:- Two very roomy main compartments that inhale a stack of books and notebooks with no problem.  Since there are two, it let me be a little more organized about what contents go in which one.- Padded notebook sleeve.  I've only carried mine a few times in there, but it felt reasonably padded from routine handling, but I'd still take care in tossing the backpack around.- Convenient set of various pockets on the front.  I quickly assigned each of these specific roles (cell phone in the top one; pda in another; spare batteries, keys, and bus map in a third, etc.) Being able to go right to a specific compartment was nicer than rummaging around for stuff.- Comfy top handle.  It has a very nice rubberized top handle for those times when you don't want to or can't shoulder-carry it, the handgrip is nice and cozy.  In my opinion it's far nicer than merely padded hand straps that still cut into your hands after a while.- Rugged!  I've loaded rather large piles of computer science books into it and was likely to have my back itself give out before the backpack would.  I used to go through a Jansport every few semesters (usually from splitting at the seams somewhere) but this Eastpak still looks new after a year of daily use.The Con:- It lacks any sort of water-bottle holder.  If you have something insulated that doesn't sweat, you could put it inside, but that's not always an option.  It's just a shame they didn't add some netted ones on the sides.  It would have made this an ultimate backpack if it just had that.So I've found my new favorite backpack from this (and I've been through a dozen or so in my life) and become a new Eastpak fan in the process.  For the price, I haven't found anything on the market that comes close to this for my needs.
I just got this backpack because I needed a good bag to carry my laptop in. The non-backpack kind really hurt my shoulders but this is a very ergonomic bag. It is very roomy as well and the picture doesn't do it justice. I travel often and now I am prepared for long trips...
this is an awesome pack! i am a 6th grader and i am in love with it!!! even though i dont have a laptop, i use that pocket for my 2 notebooks! it has so much room! i keep my school suplies in the bigger compartment and my junk in the 2nd one. amazing space! this pack also holds up well in rain, i have walked home in the rain for 30 min. and nothing was moist! u should by this pack! it feels really light, and i wear it really low on my back! what more could u ask for? the only down side is theres no pocket for ur cellphone but i keep that in the little pocket near the top.i would by it again if i needed to, but i dont think i will!its just a must by!
I purchased the Traveler's Choice Athens Locker Bag last year for a friend for a Christmas persent and she loved it, not only for the gym but many other uses. I now, am looking to purchase " Traveler's Choice Athens Locker Bag" bag for other friends and family members for Christmas this year, as well as my self. I would like to ask the Amazon store to please bring this Item "Traveler's Choice Athens Locker Bag" back in stock soon.
This is a great bag. I bought it for the gym. Very cool feature is that the shoes store underneath the clothes in a separate compartment. Plenty of room for gym clothes in center. Side compartments can carry shower materials if needed. I highly recommend this bag, this bag beats the heck out of others several times the price.
this credit card wallet is a great item.  Beautiful color and details, well made, and good price.  My husband loves it.
I like the idea of a storage space for credit cards separate from a wallet.  The zipper closure is good, too.  Could have a few more spaces for cards, but overall, it's very good.
EXCELLENT DESIGN..HAS MY NAME (as to need) written all over it. pricey but would not pass on another 1 if this one wears out. highly recommend if the need exist 4 such an item.
I purchased this attache for my son to use in law school. It is hard to get something at times from a description and picture.  This attache exceeded my expectations. It is roomy and well designed. I would recommend it!
Thank you, the briefcase was great. I recieved it in a timely manner. New in the box..
I got this for my Notary Public business.  It's sturdy, easy to change the combination on the lock and has plenty of room for all the notary stamps, forms, journal, pens/pencils, paper pads, reference materials, etc., that I carry with me.  It comes with a laptop sleeve and a detachable shoulder strap.  The expandable fan-fold file-holders are more than big enough and are secured by Velcro straps.  The case has numerous other pockets and has an expandable bottom that's easy to use, although I rarely use it to make the case larger.  For the price, you can't go wrong.
This case has gone through hell and it still looks great.  I can't believe I got this at such a great price.
This case is awesome. It has a place for everything, even a Laptop. It was a gift for our Son and he loved it. You can carry everything you need all together and it's great for those business trips, especially on plane trips where you can have your work right there with you. I would definitely recommend this case. It's built well, it's spacious and it's very sleek looking.
This product works really well for our Sony camera. Easy to use and makes packing it along even in tight bags easy.
I've had several of these mini purses for years.  Love the fact that I can carry them by themselves over the shoulder - or wrap the strap around and put it inside my purse. Very versatile with tons of pockets for everything - coins, grocery buyer cards, IDs, cash, etc.  Perfect size and comes in several colors - I have them all!
I've used this for about 2 months and, functionally, it is really an excellent replacement for over a dozen similar cases I've tried over the years.  The case is light but well made, compact (fits in an airline overhead bin), easy to move around, and has several zippered pockets, including one with several compartments for paper files.  The main compartment is large enough to accommodate clothes for an overnight stay.  Computer geeks could fit all their gizmos quite nicely here, too.  Also, price was reasonable.  (You don't want to go too cheap for such a case.)
I travel a lot, especially during the summer months, and these packs are the best thing since Ziplock bags!!  They are a must, in all sizes, for the traveler.  Helps things and people get/stay organized; an absolute must!!
I am a full time college student in my fourth year so I have been through several packs and I am not always easy on them when rushing to/from class.  I can say that this pack is one of the best if not the best rolling pack/backpack that I have ever owned. I normal put about 30-pounds of books and materials in it, lug it over curbs steps and all sorts of rough surfaces and not single problem in 3 months now.  Its got pockets for everything I carry two water bottles, one on either side along with four heavy texts, note books and all my other junk. The handle is solid the wheels are double both sides that roll quietly. Good tough material and zippers. In a nutshell it's plenty big, durable, practical, and oh it looks nice too. If you need some thing that can carry a bunch of heavy books then look no further. If you need some thing for just a light load then you may want something smaller as this may be a bit of overkill. But for most college students with several classes this is perfect.
This travel belt is lightweight and high quality.  It is large enought to hold passports, money and other items for travel.  Would recommend.
Item arrived in good time. I don't really use it in my traveling, b/c I have found it a bit hot and uncomfortable for stashing money. It is however, very nice for those that don't mind wearing it.
I LOVE this money belt!  I bought it for my first trip to Europe and just pulled it out again for my second trip -- 16 years later!  Even after 16 years, the clip is strong, the elastic has held up beautifully, and it's still completely comfortable.  In Europe, I wear this belt almost constantly... even while sleeping on an overnight train or just sightseeing.  But I have to laugh when I read the reviews of people saying it was awkward to essentially reach inside their pants to get money out and/or it got really uncomfortable stuffed with coins.  Of course it would!  The point of the money belt is to hold your most valuable items -- passport, credit card, and the majority of your cash (but not ALL of it).  You keep a smaller amount of cash and all coins in a "normal" place like a wallet, pocket, or purse so you don't have to reach inside your pants to buy, say, a Metro ticket or a cup of espresso yet if you encounter a thief you aren't out a lot of money or spending a day at the embassy trying to replace your passport....
I bought this for a trip to Barcelona where pick-pocketers are known to roam free.  I stuck out like a sore thumb looking like the tourist I was -- but there wasn't an instant that I felt unsafe.  I had no pockets to pick!  It's true how the other reviews mention that it's tough to grab things from inside the security belt while it's on.  I had adapted quickly to use the security belt as a storage place for backup things.  I had my passport in there, along with large sums of cash.  Daily I would move the day's expenses in cash into my wallet.  That system seemed to work pretty well.  At the end of the day, if you practice "security-by-obscurity", this will probably do very well.  But if you're showboating the thousands of dollars in cash you have in your chic $15 security belt; don't be surprised if you lose it.
Two months backpacking in EU. Sleep, eat, go to the bathroom with it with out any discomfort.
Really great belt, well worth the money.  So far taken it on 3 trips.  I use this when going to a new location via bus, taxi, plane etc and when I arrive at my destination, I keep it in a safe if possible, and just carry with me some money, ATM card, and a copy of my passport.  Wearing this all the time might get cumbersome and sweaty. But if you don't trust your hotel, then wear this all the time it will be worth it.
I've completed 30 hours of air travel, plus a few days of all day walking with this belt on. I forget that I have it on until I need to get something out of it. Very comfortable.My only itty-bitty complaint is the elastic belt doesn't stay tight, but there was never a problem of it falling off or anything.
This promises what you get... I bought this bag to travel around the world, it seems to be very resistent and made with good materials, I will let you know how does it lasts during the trip.
This security belt is as good as what they said, I like it very much.
An excellent product.  Very comfortable since the material which comes into contact with your skin wicks away sweat.  Very quick shipping and arrived in great condition.  I wouldn't hesitate to order from this company again.
The Eagle Creek Deluxe Security Belt is a fine product which meets all my expectations.Wearing it in very hot weather, I have found it to be very comfortable. The belt is well constructed and the price is fair.D.S.G.
I bought this for a trip to Amsterdam, Netherlands to store my passport and wallet. It's a bit weird to be looking into your pants to retrieve a couple of euro, but you're not exactly going to look like a local no matter what kind of money protection item you're wearing.The length-adjustable elastic band provides enough support to stay more or less where you'd like, but it does not squeeze you at all. As other reviewers have mentioned, it's so comfortable that I forgot I was wearing it most of the time. The zippers move freely, never got stuck. The lower pouch is one open area, whereas the higher pouch is a bit bigger and is split into two equal halves.What's also very nice about this thing is that it doesn't bulge or protrude at all. I tend to wear somewhat tighter pants and shirts than most men do, yet still you'd never guess I was wearing a security belt because it just stays close to your body (also note - I'm a lean guy, so it might not be as discrete if you have a bigger belly). I wasn't sure exactly where the belt is supposed to sit on your body - completely in your pants, completely above the waist, etc - but found that having just the zippers above the top of your pants and the rest stay within your pants works out well because it provides the easiest access to the pockets while keeping the belt well-concealed.As a final note, my belt never encountered anything that might damage it, but because it's made of rip-stop nylon I don't think that would be much of a problem. Plus it's got a lifetime warranty. As Borat would say, "very nice!"If you're looking for something to secure your small valuables while traveling, I highly recommend this belt. Chances are you'll never have to buy another!
Purchased for my daughter who went on a medical internship in Ecuador.  She said it was invaluable and kept all her money and documents hidden and safe.
BACKGROUND:I used to travel with a money neck bag but am now a tried and true security belt user! The neck pouch worked for me, but dangled like a pendulum every time I tried to stuff large amounts of cash in it and walk out the door. (If anything, I'm pretty sure that would just attract attention of thieves to the neck region and is a safety hazard.) By contrast, the security belt was smooth sailing, undergarment comfort; despite the fact I sometimes carried all sorts of paperwork in it (up to 5 pieces of folded 8" x 11" paper + passport + 10 bills and various small coins).In Dec of this year, I went to Peru for a week. The country is the second poorest in South America at the time of my travel. I was a little wary of pickpockets because of all the online warnings I read so I realized I wanted a money belt of some sort to give myself a piece of mind. After doing a little online research, I heard a lot of positive reviews from this site as well as through google from former customers.  After comparing prices of many online retailers (...) including shipping costs, I found that Amazon offered the best deal (free shipping with $25 purchase).OVERVIEW:This belt is great! It is soft and flexible. The material feels nice against the skin. For those with normal skin, you hardly notice the difference between this and regular cloth. The fabric is cool to the touch. The material is somewhat stretchy. You can adjust the actual belt length. The clip portion of the belt is made of rubber and I can see how some people may find this flimsy looking (due to the fact that it is so thin), but I never had a problem wearing it and I suspect as long as you have a thin to medium build (frame) you probably wouldn't have a problem in having it snap.BULLET POINTS:PROS:* easy to hide underclothes* smooth and soft to touch ( I slept with it on when I was in hostels )* holds a lot relative to size (approx size of two small envelopes side by side)* 2 zippered compartments (with subcompartments for segration)* option of black or nude colored* adjustable strap length* snap on and snap offCONS:* for skinny/ medium sized build people  ( I'm size 2-4 US women's)* don't go overboard with coins  (will weigh bag down and make it sink and be obvious you are wearing a money belt)
I purchased this security belt for a trip to Costa Rica. The belt was comfortable. The strap is easily adjustable for your waist. The belt held passports, money, and credit cards. I highly recommend it.
Very comfortable...I've never had one before, and this felt good.  It held all I will need it to carry on our Indonesia trip.
I shouldn't have cut the strap shorter as was suggested in other reviews here.  The shortened strap slipped through the buckle as I wore it throughout the first day....and the money belt came undone....luckily I didn't lose anything, and from there out I had to safety pin it....and I hadn't cut it all that short.....would have preferred to just deal with the extra length.....Anyway other than that (which is not Eagle Creek's fault) it was brilliant.  I wore it through 2 weeks of very hot muggy weather in Europe, and it did not get smelly or iritate me in any way.  The fabric is so soft, I forgot I had it on....highly recommend.
I am very happy with this product. Used it for almost three weeks daily and it worked very well. Here are my comments:- when I received the product, the plastic buckle looks somewhat flimsy, but ended up working great and now I am not worried any more that it could get accidentally open- the strap band could be potentially too long for girls or slim people, but you can easily cut it- if your pants are slightly bigger in waste (or you loose some weight during the trip), it works best as you have space in there right for this belt pocket. I also recommend having regular belt in pants as it can make it easier to keep the belt at the proper position without sliding too low.- for bigger guy it is not even noticeable that you have this no matter whether your shirt is tucked in or not (had there passport, some cards and some money)- it seems it is reasonably waterproof, but still I carried my stuff in there in zip-locks- did not hinder any of my movements but can imagine that for some petite people it could- did not smell bed even after two weeks when being daily sweated throughOverall, very happy with the product and would buy it again.
My husband and I recently returned from our honeymoon in Europe.  We went to Budapest, Vienna, and Florence, and after reading guidebooks on these (and other) cities we decided to invest in a moneybelt for each of us.  Rick Steves suggests using a moneybelt and sells them on his own website, but after reading the reviews on amazon we decided to get these instead (tan for me, black for my husband).  They're very comfortable - no scratchy edges or anything.  I'm allergic to nickel and there isn't any on this product.  The elastic band is long enough to fit almost anyone, and is completely adjustable.  We both wore these moneybelts for two weeks during the day, and once overnight went we took the train from Vienna to Florence.  Still comfortable and not at all smelly, even with us traveling around the cities all day long.  I suppose it could get heavy and uncomfortable if you put too much stuff in it, but we just stuck with our passport, debit card, some cash, and our metro pass.  If you keep it packed light then it doesn't really add much to your waistline - a plus.  :)
I used this for 3 weeks in the Philippines. It is light weight and a perfect size. I tried alot of others in the stores before I found this one. It has two zipper pockets and a semi-waterproof inside. The contents stayed dry for me in the high humity over there.
We wore these for two weeks in Europe.  Perfect size for adults to keep items safe.  We got them very sweaty each day and they dried out each night with no odor.  Washed up well when we arrived home.
Belt is thin and light which makes it confortable and less noticable.  Snap seems a little light weight but performed well.  I suppose it is made light so it is not bulky.  No problems or regrets.  I recommend and would purchase again.
Didn't know what to expect but purchased it based on the posted reviews. Was not bulky and comfortable to wear, actually it so comfortable, I forgot I was even wearing it.
Very comfortable. I used it every day for 2 weeks while on vacation and forgot I was wearing it. It is virtually undetectable and gave me piece of mind knowing my passport, credit cards, and some cash were hidden from pick pocket thieves.
It is flat enough to go under a shirt.  Sits close to the body.  Perfect for carrying cashand passports.  You can even slip in lip gloss or cell phone.
I took this when I backpacked through the Alps and when I honeymooned in Italy and both times it was a life saver. It takes all the worry out of walking through crowded streets! Would recommended this to anyone who is thinking of traveling out of the country!
I wore this belt for 2+ weeks in Europe where temps were consistently above 90.  Like others, I had a problem with the belt strap slipping - solved this problem by tying a knot.  I found the belt to be very comfortable even with the high temps and high humidity.  I was discreet when accessing cash or passport so reaching into my shorts wasn't an issue.  We traveled through several countries where pickpockets make a very good living - I never felt ill at-ease as I knew my valuables were safe & secure.  I will definitely use this belt on future travels.
I got used to having to unzip my shorts to pull money out.That is the only 'negative' think I would have to say about this money belt...and that is not negative.  You've got to do what you've got to do to keep your money and ID safe when you're overseas.I did cut and tie a knot in the elastic that you put around your waist...because it was way too big...This was perfect for my vacation overseas. :)
I bought one of these when I came to Europe back in 2001.  I've already used it several times.  My family is coming to visit and I ordered some for them also.  This product is easy to wear and thin enough to go undetected if you wear it under a shirt or blouse.  It's very light you hardly noticce you have it on!  Also, it's so important to have your important documentation and money separate from the rest of your luggage.  Maybe that goes without saying but my friend had her luggage stolen.  The good thing in the whole ordeal was that all her documents and money were with her in her security belt!
I really liked my money belt. I got it so I can travel around Europe and not have to worry that my valuable would be stolen from my bag (even though it did look a bit odd to go digging around under my pants for my money or whatever). This kept everything dry, no matter how much I sweat. The only bad thing I can think of is that the strap is rather long and the thingy to keep it tight was kind of loose, so I just tied it in a knot and it was good to go.
Took it all over Italy and it worked like a charm.  Hardly knew it was there.
Bought these for a trip to Italy.  They worked great so we didn't have to carry purses, but the did have a tendency to sag if you didn't keep it tight.  They were good though to store money and belonging out of sight and could be worn under pants.
The seller shipped promptly. The product is light-weight, comfortable to wear, and easy to fit under clothing, but also difficult to see (an advantage when one is trying to hide money.)I'm currently studying abroad in Spain, and during one of my first lunches in Madrid I discovered that several of my companions also owned and were wearing the same or similar money belts-and I would have never guessed! I would reccomend this product to anyone that's traveling abroad or even to an urban area that has a reputation of purse snatching, mugging, etc.
My teen has brought it with her on 2 overseas trips and it has worked well for her.  We did take other reviews into consideration before purchasing and then did cut and sew a velcro piece to the very long waistband.  Better to be too long than too short and she didn't want anything around her neck.  Great product.  My other now teens will be using it for their overseas trips!
I purchased this item to include in my prepper kit.  A great place to hide money and important papers for travel or disaster preparation.  The quality is great.  I own an Eagle Creek backpack that I used for years and it still looks as good as new, so I expect this item to last a long time based on the quality of this company's products.
1/16/09.  I've just received the Eagle Creek Deluxe Security Belt, but have not used it out yet.  I have tried it on and checked it out.  All works well. The pouch is very flat with two zippers also very flat which slide well, well stitched, very soft material. The plastic buckle DOES look flimsy, but I've tugged on it and it stays closed. Other reviews have stated the same about the buckle latch. The belt is long with a hemmed end.  I plan to cut it to size and maybe even attach velcro tabs to help keep it in place.  I purchased this for my daughter to use on an upcoming high school trip to europe. Just to give you reference, I am 5'4", 145lbs and my daugher is about 5'1", 118lbs.  It fit us both across the abdomen well.  This is pretty flat so it is meant only for passport and money and credit cards--items like that.  I'm confident that this will work well for us, and it hides well under a loose blouse or shirt.  It feels very soft. Hope this helps!
Very comfortable money belt and great quality. It's almost like wearing a piece of lingerie. Took this to south Asia and was very impressed with it. Don't rely on your bags, etc. to hold your valuables-- use this item!
Excellent for storage of passport & cash. Belt is &#34;NOT A POCKET BOOK&#34;. Could be made stronger but then it would cost more. This belt worked well for 16 days in Spain & 12 days in Italy. I feel well worth the money and not too hot and can not be seen.
I just took a 12 day trip to Italy and the belt worked great - exactly as promised. It was a bit annoying to have on me but it worked and kept my money, passports safe.I might try the neck holder next time, depending on the trip. Most of the time, I just had a wallet clip that kept one credit card and about 60 Euros on it...that way I didn't have pull up my shirt everytime I wanted to buy something.My hotel had a safe, so I kept my passport in there, so I didn't wear it around town most days, but when I did it kept everything safe!
Just came back from a trip to India and Nepal where I wore this belt all the time.  It does fit well under pants and secures pretty well around the waist.  You will feel it though as it reduces your mobility to a certain extent and will make you sweat more on the warmer days.  This model is a better option than the one that hangs around a neck for one reason - Inconspicuousness.
Easy to use.  Perfect space:  bills fit in one pocket, bigger things like passports in the other.  Embarrassing to have to take out to pay, but worth the trouble in safety and minimizing anxiety.
I traveled to the middle east in October, wore this belt the whole time. It was comfortable and I was not worried about losing my passport or money. I highly recommend this very well made product.
I used this product on a trip and it did exactly what it is described to do. It is comfortable and it held up on the trip very well. I would recommend this to anyone that goes on a trip.
I bought just about every travel pillow on the market and tested them to find the BEST pillow to purchase for my group of 103 passengers on a recent overseas trip and by far the Eagle Creek Comfort Travel Pillow was THE BEST.  This pillow is super easy to inflate (3 good breaths is all it takes) and deflate (you can let just the right amount of air out to find your own personal comfort level).  The outer surface is very soft and comfortable.  When deflated, it folds into a nice built-in pocket and packs nicely in any travel bag (purse, backpack, briefcase or travel suitcase).  Super convenient, super comfortable at an affordable price.  What more can you ask for?  I highly recommend this product and will buy it for all of my future passengers traveling on any long flights.  If you're searching for THE BEST travel pillow, look no further than the Eagle Creek Comfort Travel Pillow.
This is a great back pillow, easy to inflate and deflate on trips and very sturdy. The contour fits the back well.
Own several of these. Only probloem is bladder inside wears out too quickly. Otherwise they are exactly what I need, a back support which rolls up and is portable.
This lumbar pillow is amazing! Infinitely adjustable so you can get as much or as little back support as you need. This pillow was a constant companion in Tanzania: it went up Kilimanjaro (perfect for fold-up camp chairs), in the back of land cruisers on safari and countless flights. Now it spends its days in the driver's seat and I dread the thought of driving more than a few miles without it. I managed to poke a small hole in the pillow, but a dab of Freesole (a urethane rubber glue) made it good as new.
I have used this product for several years, when I travel on the airlines.  I have found that the vast majority of airline seats do not have good back support, and I would end up with a very sore back.This pillow is always in my computer bag, and I use it on virtually every flight.  It inflates easily and then deflates and stores in the bag that comes with it when your done.  I am very happy with the product.
This too is a great pillow. I use mine with the Eagle Creek Comfort neck pillow. They both have this easy valve to infalte and quick too. So comfortable..helps with those bad airplane seats. I don't leave home without mine. Works well in the car too!
Keeping this item  partially inflated makes it very comfortable.  I found it much easier to tolerate long plane flights.
Best leather wallet I've ever owned.  I now have two.
What I like best about this wallet is that the credit cards are spread out which makes the wallet more comfortable in your pocket and provides easy access to the cards when you need them.
I bought the billfold for my husband's birthday and he really likes it.  It is not bulky and all his cards fit in it with no problem.
this is a great wallet it is very well built and the leather is as good as it gets for the money you should buy this one.
I purchased my first Buxton Mountaineer 13 years ago and it's been daily wallet ever since. These wallets are extremely durable and require no maintenance aside from a couple months to break in. In the last decade my wallet has survived puddles, a dozen accidental trips thru the washing machine, left in my car for hot summer weeks and other such abuse. After all these years my Buxton shows a little wear at the point you fold the wallet in half, the leather isn't brittle; rather worn from constant folding and getting pulled in/out of pockets.When shopping for a wallet I wanted something basic...hold cards, ID's and money. I usually keep 13 cards/id's between the six pockets comfortably. The removable passcase is handy when going to bars/casinos or any instance where you just want cash, id and just a couple cards.Little has change design-wise with this wallet. My wallet from 2000 was made from Oily Buffalo, the contemporary is made from Oily Kid. I plan on using my current wallet for at least a few more years, bought this new one cause I lost my passcase and the new wallet might come in handy in the next 5 years.
my father loved this wallet. even two years after I purchased, he still uses it everyday.
My husband loves this wallet he's had friends at work ask where he got them becuase they wanted one too.
My wife was extremely satisfied with this product.  She was replacing a wallet that had worn out after many years of use and wanted the same style to replace it.  This is very durable and she's thrilled to have another one for the next several years.  Great value.
This is the perfect slim wallet to fit in the back pocket. It has plenty of room for credit cards, photo id, etc.  The one thing I like a lot about this trifold is the zipper coin pocket.  It's like getting an added bonus to an already perfect item.  There is enough room for cash, with two sides to fill.It's very durable as well.  The leather is relatively soft and all and all, it makes for a great little organizer that slips right in your back  pocket.
I have had this same wallet for 18 years, so when my wife complained my old one was showing wear, I purchased the same one.It holds many cards, it has two compartments for cash and/or receipts.
I bought my first Cuddl Duds Tank with the lace inset awhile back, and when I wanted to buy more, I couldn't remember the catalog where I had first seen them.  Then it occurred to me that there's almost nothing one cannot find on Amazon.com, and sure enough, there they were, and at a good price!  Amazon will always be my first stop from now on.
This was a birthday gift.  It arrived in plenty of time and was very well made.  Would recommend this camisole to anyone.
I just love these things--have several and wear them all year round.  They are not overly warm (you can see I live in TX) and I would recommend them without reservation.  They wash up and wear very well.  Can't miss!
I love this item. It has a great fit, is comfortable and wears well. Oh..and not to forget..great price to!
This jockstrap feels great and fits well.  It doesn't roll and it doesn't make your crotch itch.  It looks great, too!
I've owned many pairs of Mansilk boxers and each one has lasted at least three years (probably closer to five). The color fades slightly over time, but the material is very, very durable. I wash them on "delicate" and never put them in the dryer. I'm not sure how others who've experienced problems are laundering these fine boxers, but you have to remember that these are 100% silk, not cotton or polyester, so they need to be treated accordingly. With proper care, they last a long time.
This isn't a review of this product, so much as it's a review of the impression it makes.  Anyone who was in Paris around the turn of the century will remember Aubade's "Lecons de Seduction" advertising campaign, of which the image shown here for this "tanga" was a part.  Each item of lingerie featured in the ads featured a little piece of advice to the wearer as to how she could use this item to make the right sort of  impression ... and isn't that just what frilly little underthings like this are for?  Nothing has made a stronger impression on us.
This actually works. I'm a 34C and the adhesive holds so well. At first I was afraid these wouldn't work because they seemed so flimsy, but they do offer really nice lift & coverage for a halter dress/shirt that doesn't allow for any bra. They offer significant nipple coverage as well, at least for me, so this product is all you need.
I wore them out for my birthday dinner in a very low cut outfit and they were perfect! I haven't tested them out while out dancing at a party/club but I'm sure they would be fine as well. The adhesive is strong enough to be long-lasting, but still not damaging to the skin.
worked wonderfully for 34B for a whole 24 hours! would recommend to anyone my size, can't be sure of larger chests
I was skeptical that these would work but they were surprisingly supportive and comfortable. Not as supportive as a regular bra, of course, but they do what they are meant to do. They easy to apply and remove - painless, too. I did not do a trial before I used them as I didn't want to waste, and they worked fine. If I would have tried them first I would have had a better idea about the placement, but still, they worked for me. Also, the adhesive tape that is included to hold your clothes in place works great, too - so great you have to be careful taking it off because that can be a little painful. But you won't have to worry about your clothing slipping out of place. I would definitely recommend this product.
I'm a 36B and I had practically zero issues with this product. I was initially worried about ordering any kind of adhesive bra for the sheer fact that they all seem to get rather negative or mixed reviews, but I had a very deep plunging dress at both the neckline and back so typical bras were out of the question. I still wanted a bit of lift and shape so I sucked it up and bought these and I'm glad I did. They held me in place all night on both occasions I wore them and the additional fabric adhesive strips were fantastic for holding down the edges of the neckline of the dress so there were no accidental fabric slips. Removing all the pieces was completely painless, which was surprising as I thought my nipples might protest to the abuse.I ended up cutting off the very tops and some of the inner edges of both the bra pieces as I laid and secured them to my body, but they still stayed in place. It took me a couple minutes to figure out how to remove the plastic lining from the bra to reveal the actual adhesive the first time I used it without damaging the actual bra, but once I had managed that putting them on was pretty straight forward as the package comes with directions. For anyone complaining of it not being sticky enough one of the things it stresses to avoid is putting on lotion or any kind of oily substance on your chest the day you plan to wear them. I made sure to skip my daily lotion treatment after my shower in the chest and shoulder area and it stuck fine.
perfect option for photo shoots and red carpet moments alike! Makes Fashion styling so much easier, and stays secure all shoot long!
I bought these from another online retailer because I had a top that required no bra.I am quite small, a size 4/6 (UK sizing) or a US 00 and a 28/30DD (UK bra sizing) Before I use any of this stuff I like to take them for a test run which I did with these.The instructions were easy to follow and I made sure to apply these at night when any creams and lotions I apply after my morning shower were sure to have been absorbed by my skin.I placed the bottom widest section of the stick-on onto my nipple area leaving about half an inch space between my areola and the bottom edge of the stick-on. I then smoothed it onto my nipple and whole breast while still holding onto the top half of the stick-on which I kept attached to the backing so as not to remove any of the stickiness (like how you would apply a band-aid) I then pulled this top section high enough to create an appropriate lift of my bosom and smoothed the stick-on onto my skin while still keeping the backing attached and just pulling it as I went along.I did this for both boobs and let me say the end result was amazing. It felt light and free and the material used to create this stick-ons is very very light, you feel like you aren't wearing anything, I even jumped around a bit and they didn't budge. The lift was top notch and unlike other 'bra-less bras' I have tried it didn't give my breasts a horrible shape at all. It looks and feels so natural that for a moment I considered just wearing these instead of actual bras for the rest of my life!Also with other types of bras of this kind there is the risk of taking off your own skin and I was equally worried that this would happen with these but it was so easy and painless. The instructions advise you to remove these with baby oil if you are having difficulty but never ever while wet or with water.All in all, I wore these for about 10 minutes so not exactly enough time to form a solid opinion, however my sister has been wearing these for years and really loves them so I am sold. I would 100% recommend them.
I have DD (implants) and this product was perfect for the coverage that I needed it for under a dress I couldn't wear a bra with. I didn't need the support as other's might need, but I would order these again in a hearbeat!
This item makes wearing your strapless clothing doable.  I consider it a must have.
I have been wearing Hanes hosiery for years and Hanes Silk Reflections are my favorite.  I have these in every color available and love the look and feel of them when I wear them.  They are a great bargain very sheer and silky pantyhose at a decent price.  They are durable lasting me 5 and more wearings from every pair.As an Amazon Prime member I get free 2 day shipping on my orders so that makes these a great buy, I may never go to the department store again to buy my hose.
I have had my LCD screen break twice (within 6 months of purchase) on my cannon digital elph, unfortunately the second time it wasn't insured so I had to pay $100.. so bought this camera case. It works well with the elph. It's sturdy and I haven't had any problems. I highly suggest getting this to accompany your elph.
The case is small but with two compartments. Material is soft and east to carry. Love the monkey ring. Colour is perfect.
This thing has 3 compartments, so you will keep stuff organized. It's fairly big but it fits well in my new Kipling purse.
Kipling CreativeVery good package, I am very satisfied, is to have a hang rope is better&#65292;Very good&#65292;I like this it
my wife very like it, it has cute color. especially the big kingkang, she very happiness when she see it.
3 compartments.Will last long.Material is durable and of very good quality.Arrive on time.Price is reasonable.Next time when I order it's going to be a little bigger .
Just what I needed.
This pouch can go from slim to stuffed without any fuss. Love the versatility and range of colors. I am no stranger to Kipling and love the way they put thought into everything that they make so that it is useful in more ways than one. I've ordered 2 more in different colors to use in my larger Kipling tote and luggage bags.
I really love the colour, it is truly a vibrant pink. It is neat and trendy. Would recommend to my friends!
This "small" pouch can fit several objects into it! Pencils, pens, coins, cards, etc. It is spacey and worth the price!
Even though this case looks small, it is very spacious.  It's size allows you to carry it anywhere and the color is bright and cheerful.
I am a big fan of kiplings. i am very rarely disappointed by anything i order from them. This was no different.  this is exactly what i was looking for.
Kipling Creativity Small PouchThis totally versatile little pouch is a must-have for organizing smaller items and keeping everything at your fingertips!  If you don't have it, get one.  Or more.  Pick your favorite color(s).  Mix & match.  Whatever - just buy this little beauty - it's indispensable!Just to clarify some of its features and details:1. It's made of exceptionally soft, strong, flexible, durable, lightweight nylon (that's lightweight as in "light in weight", not as in "flimsy" - this thing's virtually indestructible!).2. Empty, it's 7"L x 4"H x 1/4"W  (yes, that's just one-quarter of an inch wide!).  Stuffed full & expanded to its limits, it's 7"L x 4"H x 4"W at the gusseted bottom, and 7"L x 4"H x 6"W at the sides (yes, that same one-quarter of an inch expands all the way out to six inches!).  Empty, it can be folded all the way down to 3" x 2" x 1-1/2", or scrunched into a little ball about 3" in diameter.3. It has five full-length internal pockets - the center pocket has its own full-length silky-smooth nylon zipper with metal pull.4. The exterior has a full-length metal zipper (also silky-smooth) that closes the entire bag and keeps all of its contents securely in place - this zipper has a lovely metal & rubber pull, plus a metal loop with metal key ring.And this exquisite little pouch isn't just for girls - I'm a guy who tosses all sorts of things into mine - phone, sunglasses, keys, accessories, toiletries, and bazillions more - from the tiniest items to a bottle that's 6-1/8" x 1-1/2" diameter and a wallet that's 4-1/2" x 3-1/2" x 1".  Just for fun (yeah, I'm a guy, so for me this is fun!), I find that it easily fits a bottle measuring 6-5/8" x 2-1/2" x 1-1/2" with room to spare - and that's using just one of its five pockets!Everything about this pouch exudes quality - if you find something this good, please don't criticize it - just get it, use it, appreciate it, & love it!
I have a 3 year old, and on weekends, have to haul everything around with me (still looking for a bag that does that well).  But on weekdays, I just need my credit cards and cell phone in something compact.  This is wonderful, and the best part is that it can transfer from my work/laptop bag to my purse/child bag, so I don't accidentally leave a loyalty card behind.  My mother remarked on it, so I got her one too.
I bought it and was delighted with the compartments it has (3 of them). The middle compartment is a zippered one. You can certainly out more in than the eye meets. It comes with the signature kipling monkey, as always and it got here right on time. This matches the Kipling bag's color too, depending on which bag color you have and what pouch you buy, of course. Great addition to my Kipling family of bags!!! I've had it for several months and wanted to ensure a good review. Oh, don't forget durability. Kipling bags and pouches are greatly durable!,
I absolutely looove this little bag. It is so practical. Put all my &#34;female&#34; everyday stuff in there, make up, nail file you know the stuff we carry around every day. Now I don't have the hassle to grab all of that when I change handbags (which I do on a daily basis). Just grab my little Kipling and put it in a different handbag + wallet + glasses = done!I have a couple of different Kiplings and just love that they are all so practical with their variety of pockets and that you can wash them. Specially good for traveling.
Great product, nice bag for school things
I now have a wonderful cosmetic bag that goes with my wonderful Kipling wallet. It allows me to organize the cosmetics I carry and I am no longer digging into the balck hole of my purse to find what I need. Very happy with this item.
awesome make up bag,extremeley durable,easy to wash, everyone admires it, cute little monkey keychane,zippers work perfect, its a wallet that can last a life time..
This is a very durable well designed little pouch with 3 separate spaces to keep things organized. It is very well made. Kipling bags are high quality products. Highly recommend.
Shipped promptly and received it in perfect condition. I absolutely love this product and recommend it to all that are thinking of buying it. Very well built and sturdy. Lots of uses with a lot of compartments.
Purchased this as a gift. The recipient loved it. It is really good quality. Ordered the purple colour. The service from the seller was first class. Arrived at destination with a few days of ordering. Would definitely purchase this item again for gifts in other colours and will probably buy one for myself.
It's a wonderful color for spring and summer love it! It has lots of space. I Plan on getting another color for winter/fall.
I started using this as a makeup bag that I keep in my gym bag.  It's really a great little makeup bag.  Has a zipped divider with small pockets on either side I put hair ties in.
I love it!!!Heavy duty, it's bigger than it looks, I use it for my portable charger and device USB connections.Everything fits perfectly
Just what I was looking for. It has three spacious compartment, good material and excellent zipper . I would recommend this pouch.
So perfect for passports and travel money, may be even a couple of candies and a credit card!!The Kipling crinkle is too alluring to look at and I love the color...
This pouch is perfect for carrying personal items in my handbag. I have several of them to use while traveling.
First of all, I have a black Kipling purse, and I wish I had bought this in red or yellow, so that I could find it faster! That having been said, I wouldn't be without this handy little pouch. Useful for innumerable needs, I use it for my medicines that I must carry around. Most of mine are on blister packs, and along with my medicines I stick a pollen mask, a few cough drops, and other misc related items in it. I can see it being useful for makeup, artist needs, or as a change pocket. Pencils and pens would fit in this pouch. The uses for this pouch are only limited by one's imagination!
This is much bigger than I expected it to be.  Again this is the newer model of this bag and the logo is all red not black and white.  I'll be using this mainly when I travel, so it is the perfect size to hold a passport, money, and credit cards.  Can't wait to use this.
I believe this is intended for cosmetics but let me tell you, it makes an awesome travel wallet. I don't care to carry all the usual credit cards, check book, and whatever else on vacation. All I needed was a little cash, debit visa, ID, and health insurance cards (you never know...). Why do I love this? You unzip in, and there are 3 compartments, 2 large pockets on either side of another zip pocket. So you have to unzip this twice to lose your valuables. Very handy for a klutz like me. Am I smart? You bet. Streetwise? Absolutely. Accident prone and trip over my own feet? You're damn right. If it exists, I can, will, and probably already have dropped/lost/broken/tripped over it. This was perfect. Kept me organized and accountable. When you have to unzip a zipper twice, you tend to pay a little more attention to where you put things. Held all that I needed, plus my Samsung galaxy, a lipstick, and a granola bar (because boozing it up in New Orleans is hungry work). Super secure, and very handy.
I like the pouch and purchased to store gifts cards and receipts in my bag. The pouch is large enough to fit with three seperate compartments that is known to have in most Kipling bags.
its a great product by kipling.. a perfect multi use case for school or cosmetic or to be used a wallet ..very good capacity ..happy with the buy..this is my second buy..bought two
I like this brand and this pouch is very useful. I can use it to put my pens,my cards and my keys. And you don't have to worry about clean problems since the color is really deep blue.
I'm heavier up top and, until now, I wasn't able to really "get into" my step aerobics and kickboxing classes because I'd bounce up and down too much.  It was especially hurtful when I was breastfeeding.  I used this bra and my girls didn't bounce anymore.  Really, really like this bra.  I plan on buying more.
These jeans fit like jeans are supposed to fit - especially if you were born before 1958 - pegged, butt shaped like a butt, waste where your waste is.
Loved the idea that these come in wide, they are very comfortable and will never go out of style.  Happy customer.
As usual I am really pleased with the service/shipping time and products from Forzieri.The Fontanelli handbag is really very chic with beautiful lines!I am really looking forward to wearing this very soon!
I purchased one of these Fire Fighter suits online for my son and had never actually seen one in person. I read the reviews and made my purchase based on other people's opinions. I couldn't have made a better decision. This fire fighter suit is great. Made of very well made materials. This looks like the real thing. Even the hat is very durable. Couldn't have been any happier. Even my child's teachers said this is the real deal!
Wow!!! what quality for the price.  I mean it looks real.  We bought it for our Pastor's 5 year old son.  He wears it frequently.  I just love how it is a one piece overall that hooks just like the real ones.  Then the coat goes over the top.  I am so glad that we spent the money and got the quality product because in this case we wanted him to have someting he would be proud of.  Thank you for offering this product.  The shipping time was great also.
We bought this when our son was 3 and he still wears it.  He LOVES IT AND HIS FRIEND'S LOVE IT EVEN MORE!  He wears it to school and it is very well made.  I have washed it successfully several times and it has very realistically made parts to it.  We REALLY LOVE IT at our house.  I would definitely recommend spending money on this.  The hat was so-so, but the jacket and suspender pants are amazing.
This is the third firefighter suit we have ordered from Aeromax.  Our son had a black and a tan suit, and after outgrowing those 4/6 suits, we have just gotten him the 6/8 size.  The fabric and assembly are of very good quality, and have sustained tremendous wear.  (These are not Halloween costumes for us--they are worn weekly, playing in the yard with ladders and other "tools")  Well worth the money, especially for everyday dress-up.
This couldn't be cuter, or better made! sturdy, true to life detail. Money well spent on this gift! looks just like the photo, and so well made, I was impressed!
Great quality
My son recieved this suit for his 4th Birthday.  The quality is absolutely amazing.  He has actually been wearing the coat as a jacket.  Everywhere he wears it people comment about how cool it is.  If your little one wants to dress like a real firefighter there is no better option.
This is an excellent costume and worth the price! My husband and I ordered this for our older son who is 4 and it fits him great! He's about 3'5"-3'6" and the pants don't drag on the ground! Such a beautifully made costume for little people! No doubts that if you want to purchase this, you will not be disappointed!
Originally, I was a little hesitant to spend this much money on a Halloween costume but to my surprise it was very good quality. The fabric is thick. The helmet is plastic, but it is thick as well.  This is something my son will be able to wear multiple times for play as well.  I am confident that it will last long enough for his younger brother to use it as well.
My nephew has this same costume and all the cousins play with it (ages 3-6).  We bought another one for our 3 year old so we can have 2 in the family.  VERY good quality.  Would recommend to anyone.  It is pricey, but worth the money!
I was amazed at how authentic this is.  Except for the fact that it won't protect from fire, it is identical to a firefighter's turnout gear.  My little boy absolutely loves it!
My Grandson, was so happy when he opened the box. Put it on right away. Liked the suspenders. Didnt need help putting it on.
This suit resembles a real firefighter's outfit. It is superior in quality and workmanship. The pants were about 5 inches too long but I hemmed them and will let them out when he grows bigger. He gets compliments everywhere he goes! The hat is more durable quality than an other brand.
This fire fighter costume is fantastic.  Excellent, heavy-weight quality that looks like the real deal.  My son loves sporting it around town and around the house.  And with a t-shirt and cotton pants on underneath, I think he'll stay plenty warm this Halloween.  One note on sizing: My son is 2.5 years old, 75th percentile for height and weight. I wasn't sure which would fit him so I ordered both the 2/3 and 4/6.  The 2/3 fits him with room to grow.  The 4/6 was huge on him.  Hope that helps!
My 4yr old son is very into dressing up as a Fire Fighter.  We have purchased him 3 other dress up fire fighter outfits and none of them come close to being the quality we have found here.The best part of this outfit is that it is a complete suit!  We could not find any other realistic outfits with the pants included, the fact that they are bib overalls is a huge bonus because it allows for lots of leway in sizing.The material is thick, and looks very durable.  I love the reinforced knees and elbows and the metal buckles.  My son was so excited when he got it he said "finally, a REAL fire fighter outfit, now I can be a REAL fireman".  It has afforded him hours of imaginative play.This suit is great for preschooler's and building their imagination and skill set.  It is absolutely worth the price and even more.Thank you for such a great product!
My 4 year old son loved his very real looking fireman uniform. The size 4/6 was a little big on him but he is small for his age and he can wear it for longer. The suspenders are adjustable and I just rolled up the pant legs.
Just received this costume I purchased for my son for Halloween 2013.  The costume is excellent quality and very authentic!!  He loved it the instant he put it on.  For a child who absolutely LOVES anything having to do with firefighters/fire engines, this is the perfect option.  Unlike cheap Halloween costumes, this appears to be one that will hold up well over time.  An excellent product, very happy with this purchase!!
The best quality costume we've ever had.  Great fit, amazing look - a huge hit with my boys!!  Would recommend in a heartbeat!
Ordered this for my 3 year old last week and even the amazing reviews didn't prepare me for this suit! It is simply amazing the attention to detail the put into making it. My son absolutely ADORES it. The construction seems to be very high quality, and repairing any problems that arise from normal wear and tear should be simple. I am absolutely thrilled with this purchase!Update 11/9/2010:My son wore this for Halloween and you would not believe the constant compliments we got on the suit. Several people said it was the best costume they saw all night, and there were even a couple of people who asked if they could take his picture! Everyone who has seen it has been extremely impressed with it. Best money I've spent in a long time!Update 11/8/2013:Suit still in excellent condition. He wore it again for Halloween in 2011 and 2012, and those years we added the KidTrax fire truck as an accessory, so he could drive from door to door. This year he chose to be a Ghostbuster this year, but, he says he intends on being a fireman again next year so he can drive his truck from door to door again.
My son wore this many times, and it has been washed many times and its still in excellent condition. I'm even passing it on to my younger son. They both like being like daddy and this is by far the closest kid costume I've seen to real bunker gear. I even added felt lettering for personalization. Was a good buy on our part.
Great Quality.  My son was thrilled and got many complements for Halloween.  Expensive, maybe, but there is nothing close to this in quality and detail.
Love this set - really is lifelike!  Great quality and fast shipping!  My son just adores this set, he wants to wear it constantly!
Our 4 year old grandson wanted a fireman suit for Christmas from the fireman store and not a costume.  This was perfect with the brass buckles and suspenders his wish had come true.
Purchased the suit for 4 year old grandsons birthday.  He absolutely loved it and wore it to bed a couple of nights.  It is well made, durable, and very authentic looking.  He is tall for his age and it fit him perfectly.  The suspenders will give some grow room. Would highly recommend.
This costume is just the cutest thing! It is well made and looks like it will withstand many years of wear. My 2 year old loves it and it fits him pretty well (although he is tall for his age). Can't wait for Halloween!
This costume is very well made and definitely worth the money.  My son has worn it every day since he received it and I imgaine he will wear it until well after Halloween.  The detail is great as this costume is very similar to my husband's fire uniform, it even has the thumb holes to keep the sleeves down when wearing gloves.  Perfect!
It is nice heavy quality, great for colder weather.  Had to wash it twice between Halloween parties and it looked fantastic after the second wash.  My son got many compliments.
This firefighter costume is extremely realistic looking...my 4yo is in love with it.  And, I am very pleased with how durably and well it is made.  Great price from these guys, too!
The suit runs a little big, but it was a huge hit on Halloween! So realistic, and made of heavier material so it's nice and warm as well!
LOVE this! My 4 1/2 year old is obsessed with firemen right now and to him, this is a REAL fireman suit! It arrived quickly, fits great, and the quality is amazing, not to mention the price was outstanding! He will get many many hours of play time with this costume! Would highly recommend this!!!
My two year old son loves anything firefighter so I did some research for costumes and found this product to be the BEST!!! I found the sizing chart to be confusing but ended up choosing the 2/3 size in tan and black, my son is a bit above average on height and still has one cuff roll extra in the leg. The fabric and stitching are of a good quality and the jacket looks like an actual jacket not a costume. The helmet has a fitted insert inside which makes it more stable and comfortable on your child's head....and the thicker plastic makes the helmet seem for authentic.
My son is obsessed with all things firefighter & just LOVES this costume.  The hat is a sturdy plastic & the fabric is thick on the coat & pants.  The reflectors add a cute flair & the suspenders are a huge hit!  The metal clasps are a little tricky for small fingers, but my 5 year old can handle them after some practice.  So far this costume has been worn over 10 times & is in perfect condition still.  I can't rate it high enough!!!
I looked into purchasing a different costume because of the price of this one.  I wasn't sure I wanted to spend SO much on a costume but I'm glad I did!  It is everything my son wanted and then some and I know that it will hold up over time.  If you looking for a great costume for your kid, you will not be disappointed in this one!
This is without a doubt the best quality costume I have ever purchased.  My little grandson wears it daily and I think it will last well beyond when he has outgrown it.
My son got so many compliments on this costume. It was a huge hit. The craftsmanship is amazing, and I could imagine it lasting 15 years or more. I will definitely be reusing this for future children and friend's children. But best of all, my son loved it and felt like a real fireman, which made buying a costume that was a little bit more expensive totally worth it! Buy this costume. You won't regret it.
Great halloween costume...will keep around for play.  Good quality and large enough helmet.  Purchased size 4/6 for my 3 year old (rolled the pants up a little).
This is such a great costume! My son absolutely adores it! And it looks sooo real!!
Great costume...everyone loved it. My son was soo cute in it!!!! Great for a cold night. Easy role layer clothes under it.
I took my son to the fire station while wearing his costume and even the firemen were impressed on its authenticity. My son loved it and I'm still getting compliments
Excellent quality!!  I got this for my 1 year old son for Halloween.  Very high quality suit.  The whole thing is made of a heavy duty canvas, and very strong stiching.  I got the 18 mo size because my son is big for his age.  The sleeves were a little long on him, but the pants fit great.  We just rolled the sleeves up.  The jacket has fitted cuffs at the wrists, and the pants have fitted cuffs at the ankles.  Great part is the pants have snaps so you can change a dirty diaper without taking the whole outfit off.  The pants are actually bibs, and have red suspenders attached.  The whole outfit was great.  Plus the reflective stripes really work, and made in more visible for cars in the area.  Again the quality of this thing is amazing!!
fits well and washable, very durable.  was told by a former fireman that this was the best little one's suit he'd ever seen. my son loves it.
AWESOME costume. The quality is amazing. My husband and neighbor who is a firefighter were both very impressed at how life like it feels. It fit my 2.5 year old perfectly with some room to wear it after Halloween for play. Best costume I've ever bought.
Totally worth the money, genuine fire fighter suit, close to the real deal, my 4 year old loves it still puts it on to play with!
We purchase this outfit with the fireman boots for Halloween for our 2 year old.  He loved it!!  He was so proud of it and told everyone that he was a fireman!  We took him to visit the firefighters in his outfit and they loved it too!
We bought this for my son's 3rd birthday party, because he loves firemen.  He wears it once or twice a month, for 3-4 days at a time.  After a year it is still in great condition even after having washed it multiple times. Well worth the money.
I'm so glad I checked to see whether Amazon had this Fire Fighter suit.  Other stores have the same suit for a higher price.  My son will be four in a couple of months.  The 4-6 is perfect, giving him room to grow.  We don't need to roll up the sleeves on the jacket, but it is still large enough to allow for growth.  We rolled up the pant legs, but that doesn't seem to be a problem for walking (or running!). Everything is sturdy -- the material, the clasps, the helmet (sturdier than others I've seen).  I love that there is reflection tape, pockets, elbow and knee "pads".  We are very pleased!
I read a lot of reviews before purchasing this costume, and the reviews are right - this costume is the most high-quality costume I've purchased. I bought the size 4/6 black for my 5 1/2 year old tall son. The costume runs big, but will be great for bundling him up for snowy, Colorado Halloween. The fabric is thick, durable, with awesome reflectors. The hat is durable too, I thought it would be cheapy plastic and break easily. I've bought a lot of costumes for my four kids and never bought one this well made. Love the knee and arm pads too. Extra reinforcement in the knees always helps. I'd definitely recommend this costume to a friend and can't believe I bought such a great costume for such an inexpensive price.
This costume is wonderful - looks very realistic.  The fabric is thinner than I thought it would be but other than that it looks great.  My 5 year old son loves it.  The bib overall suspenders are quite long so it seems like they will fit for quite some time.  I am so glad we spent the money and bought this rather than a cheaper costume.
Loved it!  So many compliments on this costume and our Grandson loved wearing it.  Thank you for an A+++++ transaction
This costume is so real that my five year old thinks he could fool the real firemen.  He is proud to wear it.  I love the heavy canvas fabric and the reflective lines, he loves the real buckles and the suspenders.
This was the best thing i have bought my son! He loves it so much that he wears it all the time and sets it up like I have my gear at the station. This has fueled his dream even more to be a fire fighter. The look of the gear is right down to the smallest details and matches our gear on the department. One thing I had to do was glue some fabric on the inside of the hemelt cause it was pulling his hair after that he won't take it off! When you buy this you wont be disappointed! There's enough room for him to grow in to it for many years of playing in it!
My 2 year old wore his fireman costume for several days and it held up very well (and he plays hard).  I anticipate that we will get a lot more use out of it.  He got many compliments on how it looks like a "real fireman" outfit.  There are definitely cheaper options but this is a great product and will hold up well, even through the rough play of a two year old.
my son loves it so much and is excited to wear it on his dress up in a uniform day in school.  i'm very hopeful that amazon delivers the hat AS SOON AS POSSIBLE for this occcassion.
This is our 2nd time buying this suit from you guys. We bought the first one over 4 yrs ago and has been used almost everyday buy one of the kids , now we needed  to get a bigger size. they last and are well worth the money if you have a little fireman in you home...
Perfect, high quality and durable! Our grandson was so excited!  He loves his fireman's turnout gear.  Thanks for helping us make his 4th birthday an event he will never forget.
We got this for his halloween costume... spent a little more than had originally intended to but it was completely worth it! The costume is so durable and he still puts it on to play fireman at any time. Worth the money.
My son has worn this costume for the past two years.  Originally purchased in 2008 for Halloween, it has since become more than just a fireman costume.  Sometimes it's an astronaut suit, sometimes it's an action figure suit.  All in all, this is one of the best playthings we have bought for him.  It's held up remarkably well - just one small issue with one of the hooks on the strap.  Otherwise, it has taken a lot of hard playtime without and rips, tears or fading.
In Victoria, Australia, our fire fighters wear a very similar uniform, but all the &#34;dress-ups&#34; were red and made from a plastic material.  The last one we bought lasted a week!  This suit is made from a sturdy material that has already been to a full day of child care on numerous occassion in the last 3 weeks.I bought this suit for my son's 5th birthday.  He is average height and weight.  I thought that I would need the size 6/8, but in hind sight, the size smaller would have been perfect.  We have rolled up the pants to reduce the length.The only negative I have for this product is the jacket zipper.  We have found it a bit hard for my 5 year old and if we don't make a concentrated effort, we have found the zip comes undone from the bottom.Overall, we love this product.  We have had lots of comments from other parents, and would, and have, reconmend this product.
Just came in the mail. Ordered for Halloween and was a little leary ordering online without really seeing it. Placed order Wednesday and was here by Saturday. Quality of it is amazing! My boy wears a 7 and 6-8 fit him perfectly.
Fast Fast fast shipping! Packaged neatly and clean, exactly how described. Looks similar to actual turn out gear. He loves this and plays with it everyday!
I bought this costume for my son for this year's Halloween.  It has gotten a great review from our friends and family.  The material is great and looks very real.  I already have request from family to save it for their son next year.  My son enjoyed the costume a lot.  The sizing is a bit confusing.  My son is 3 years old and the 2/3 size would fit up to 5 year old child.
This fire fighter suit was a huge hit with our grandson.  It is very well made.  It will be put to good use...  I highly recommend it!
We got this suit for my sons talent show. He got to perform YMCA. It was great! We got so many compliments. My son is so excited! We're gonna double duty the costume for Halloween to! He can't wait to wear it again.Its very well made and looks great to, the helmet even has an adjustable band in it so it dosen't fall off easily.For the lady with the shipping, instead of refusing something, accept the package, then log into your account and choose a shipping option to send it back. Most of the time they'll send you a free shipping label or in my case UPS even picked it up for free from my house and I had a refund for another item in less than 7 days. :)
I purchased this costume for my son, and he loves to wear it all the time.  We have received so many compliments, especially from several fire fighters who have told me the costume is the most authentic looking fireman's costume they've ever seen.  This costume is sturdy and will stand up to years of imaginative play!
This was a great fireman costume. The fabric is really thick, so it was great for a cool Halloween night. It was very authentic looking, my son got plenty of compliments on it! The hat could be better, it was just a plastic hat and pretty average. I purchased the 4/6 size for my son who wears 4T. The pants were a little long, but it fit pretty well.
This thing puts the other kids stuff to shame.It is expensive, but if you have a child that loves to play firefighter, this one will hold up to years (or until outgrown) of play. Beautiful detail, and great construction with heavy woven fabric that can be repaired if any stitching comes loose.The helmet also has an inner suspension like a real hard hat, so it can be adjusted perfectly and stay on when running in circles screaming siren sounds at the top of your lungs.I bought the size 4/6 for my boy when he was 4 1/2, and it was a little big. At 5 it fits him almost perfect, and he should be able to year it for maybe another year thanks to the loose fit.
My Grandson LOVED it!!!!! The first words out of his mouth were WOWWWW!!! He is 3 yrs old and was very impressed  with it,as were the rest of the family and friends. Thank you for sending it in a timely fashion : )  It so very realistic.
This fire fighter costume is so much like the real thing. My two year old had to have it because his grandfather is a fireman. Everyone was impressed with the quality.
I gave this to my Grandson for his birthday and I can't put in words how much he loves it. The quality is exceptional! He is 4yr. old and wears size 5 to 6. I got size 6/8 for him and it fits perfect with a little room to grow. The jacket is nice enough, when he asked if he could wear it to preschool, I said yes. I bought the boots to match. They are gorgeous! It is an expensive present, but I would rather spend a little more for this and know it will be played with,rather than have something else thrown in the over crowded toy box.
I ordered this suit for my son for Christmas.  I was concerned after searching other reviews that it may not be durable or long-lasting.  However, we were all amazed by how authentic and well made this outfit is!  The jacket has heavy-duty metal clasps and the pants have adjustable suspenders.  My son couldn't wait to put it on and has enjoyed wearing it many times since.  His dreams of becoming a firefighter are hotter than ever now!  Well worth the price!
Made of good material.  Its been a couple years now and it still washes up and looks like new.  Our grandson loves this Turnout set!
Very realistic, my grandson loved it!  Very sturdy could be used for Halloween or play.  I would recommend this, true to size!!
Wonderful! My son loved it for Halloween! The material was durable and well made, and it handled the washing machine very well. Worth the price!
Nice Quality, Perfect for my son that 6 years old. He's loves it and can't wait until Halloween. Not cheap fabric like costumes are normally made of. Worth the money. 6-8 size is perfect for a child who is 6.
this was just amazing.  I never could have imagined such good quality and it surely looks so real.  Can't wait till Christmas, we will have the happiest little boy ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Can't possibly say enough good.  I was very impressed
This is the best firefighter costume for the money, hands down!  GREAT quality, the clips are metal, the color is awesome and it has  really cute, wide red suspenders that hold up the pants!  The hat is plastic and works perfectly fine.  And I got the western wear rubber rain boots to go with.  It was really cute on my son and fit him perfect.
Just got the "costume" today. It is of remarkable quality and should be considered  a genuine miniature firefighter outfit, not a chinsy costume. The fabric, stitching , and detail are amazing and well beyond what I was expecting. The quality is at least equal to any "normal" kids clothes and I plan to keep the uniform in my son's closet even after Halloween. Highly recommend!!
My son has received this fireman costume 2 yrs in a row because he wears it EVERY day!  He grew out of the first one and needed another one.  A great costume, great quality and great imagination builder!
we bought this for our grandson for Christmas...he has wanted to be a fireman since he was very little and he's only 4 now...he was completely thrilled and excited...thank you!!
I had looked everywhere for a fire fighter suit for my grandson.  His dad is in fire school so he wanted to look just like his dad.  This one is exactly the same color and everything so he was so proud when I gave it to him. He even won the costume contest at the mall. The quality of the suit was amazing and it was shipped very quickly.  I will certainly use Amazon in the future and recommend them highly.
This is the best most authentic looking costume you can get. Thick canvas like material with real metal buckles! Definitely worth the money. I got my 55 pound almost 8 year old the size 8/10 and it fits well, with a little room for growth.
This costume really is as great as the reviews suggest.  I purchased a size 2/3 for my 2-year-old's 1st trick-or-treat outing 2 years ago, and it was a hit with him, we his parents, and our friends and neighbors.  He was kind of swimming in it that year, I have to say, but we made it work.  I was amazed at how realistic it looked, how durable it appeared, and how heavy-duty the clasps on the jacket are.  In the 2 years since, it has gotten occasional dress-up play, and it continues to look brand new.  And now this month my son who is now 4 years old wants to wear it for Halloween yet again!  Yay, I say, as I won't have to try to find another great/expensive costume, so this thing is paying for itself...  Plus the 2/3 fits him very well now (at age 4), so it appears to run a bit big.  If I could think of any negatives, the aforementioned heavy-duty metal jacket clasps seem too difficult for a child to easily open and close, and so I find that I need to help my son get in and out of this costume whenever he wants to dress up in it.
This is an amazingly durable and authentic outfit.  we've had ours for 4 years . . . .  worn by 2 kids . . . . washed over and over again.  we would still be wearing this costume if it actually still fit - we can hand this down to friends.highly recommend spending the extra cash on this costume.  i know there are cheaper fire fighter costumes out there, but they won't last.
I bought for my one year old and it was so much nicer than the suit my 3 year old already had that I am buying him one too.
My husbands fire dept turn outs looked just like the one I got here for my grandson. Loved it  thanks
My son loves firefighters. This play set is amazing. I took it to some friends in the fire company and they were amazed at how real it looks compared to their turn out gear.The fabric is a lot thicker than I had suspected it would be. The medal clasps are a bit difficult to use but other than that it is perfect. The helmet is kind of thin, but I think if it was thicker it would be to much for such little people.I expect this to last a long time. The quality is beyond my  expectations.
I am a firefighter and from a distance these outfits are very similar to the ones we wear at work.  I had to fight with my son to get it off of him for bed and I have since bought a second for my daughter. If the quality was any better and I think the price would go up.  One word of caution:  Wash on delicate setting to prolong life of these garments.
I bought this for my nephews the other day for their birthday since they both think they are firefighters.  The absolutely love the outfits and they made their imagination a little more realistic.  The quality of the fabric is super durable, almost like canvas, but soft to the touch.  The refletors are durable and make the outfits safe for the children to play outside.  The helmet is hard plastic too, so it will not break easy with an adjustable strap to the smallest of heads.  I read complaints about the buckles falling off and I think they addressed these isssues because they are riveted to the jacket.  They are a little hard to take the buckles off with ease for someone with less nimble fingers.  The only complaint I can confirm is the zipper is not the best.  It was well sown into the jacket, but if you did not make sure it was super secured into the base, it will split when the zipper was pulled up (annoying, but not broken).  Needless to say, these are kids toys and they will outgrow them, so they are super high quality for what they are.  I give it a 9.75/10!
The only problem I have with the entire product is figuring out what size you need before you buy it. I read all of the reviews and figured it was going to be wrong either way I went. I guess that is just part of buying it online. I hope the following info will help. My two year old is bigger than average, 38&#34; tall and 35 lbs. The 2-3 size fit him perfectly but with no room to grow at all.
My 27 month old daughter is obsessed with all things firefighter! She will spend a big chunk of the day running around fighting all the pretend fires in our house. I asked her what she wanted to be for Halloween, and she of course said "firefighter!" I bought this costume in size 2/3 a little early for Halloween so she could play with it now. She is small for her age (22 lbs, 33 inches), and I was worried that it would be way too big for her after reading some of the previous reviews. If it was, I would have let her play with the hat and thrown something together with a jacket and reflective tape until she grew a bit more. But, with a little bit of tucking and rolling, this fits well enough to play in now and she should be able to play in it for several years to come (see the picture I posted).The quality is excellent. My daughter has been wearing it daily and has the biggest grin on her face the whole time it is on. She tells me all she needs now is a pair of "sturdy boots."
My son wants to be a fireman for Halloween and we were unable to find a costume in his size at the local store.  Wow - we are so glad that we ordered this fire fighter suit instead.  Quality is exceptional - durable cloth with reflective stripes sown in and metal latches.  DEFINITELY spend a little more and pick up this outfit for your little fireman!
seems to be of higher quality than the other costumes that we got for our other kids.  I think that this will last us well past Halloween.
I got this for my son who is 3 1/2, he is tall for his age. I had to adjust the straps a bit so the pants were long enough, other than that the sizing was pretty spot on.  My son LOVES his fireman outfit. It is such a great quality and looks like the real deal.Great product, if you have a little firefighter at home this is a must have. =)
Great suit, my daughter loves hers. very realistic, it actually matches the bunker gear I wear at my FD., and very well put together. haven't seen any issue with it yet. My only suggestion would be to charge a couple more dollars and match it with a better helmet.
Soooo cute!!! My son-in-law is a fireman so my 2 year old grandson always wanted to wear his turn-outs.  When I saw these I had to order them.  They are great quality and really do look like the real thing.
I purchased this for my 3 year old grandson for his birthday - and he loves it.  It is of great quality and is true to life, being that I am a volunteer fire fighter he can now be just like his grandma the fire fighter.  I'm very impressed - the only downfall is it runs thin not baggy like bunkers should be- otherwise it is true to size.
My grandson loves firemen and this is the 3rd suit that I had purchased. This suit size seems to run small. He would wear a size 6 but I orgered an 8-10 and it just fits. He probably won't wear it for more than a few months. I would suggest to order larger than you needs.
We purchased one of these for our son and one for his little sister about a year and a half ago.  They are very high quality.  I have had to wash both of them several times and they still look like new! (I don't dry them) My son (four) is able to put the outfit on by himself. It is a little hard for him to get off because of the buckles on the jacket.  The one I purchased for my daughter (two) only had velcro so she could easily get the jacket on and off.  Great purchase I am sure we will be buying at least one more of these as they are outgrowing them.
We are very impressed with the quality and detail of this fire fighter costume.  I purchased a size larger to allow for growing room but does not have as much room as expected.
I was hesitant to purchase this item online because I wanted to touch and feel the material.  So many dress up clothes are cheapy.  After reading some of the reviews, however, I went for it.  I am THRILLED!!!  And, more importantly, so is my 3 year old.  This is the best made, most durable, most realistic dress-up item I've seen or bought.  Extremely realistic.  Also, the suspenders are great - my child is a skinny little thing, but he can wear the pants because of the suspenders.  And, he'll be able to wear this for a long time to come, as they're adjustable.  Buy it now - you will NOT be disappointed!
Just got this costume for my soon-to-be 5 year old in size 4-6.  He couldn't wait to put it on and it was a hit with the whole family.  We were so impressed with the "authentic" look and quality material of this costume.  I'm dying to show him off to more people during his preschool parade and trick-or-treating!  My son is small for his age and is still wearing mostly 4Ts with some 5T's/4xs.  The pants have suspenders, and jacked up to their highest setting fit him well with just a bit of extra length.  I'm sure the adjustable suspenders would allow for a good fit for kids bigger than him- this costume has plenty of room.  Overall we are thrilled and would highly recommend this costume to anyone.  My husband and I think it is our favorite costume yet.
My 2 year old LOVES this outfit and wears it for hours running around with his fire truck "saving" people.
My son loves this costume. We bought it for him for Halloween, but he loves wearing it around and likes to pretend to be a fireman. The costume is so realistic and durable. Little pricy but worth the money!!!!!
This Jr. Fire Fighter Suit was a big hit for our 5 year old grandson. Daddy is a firefighter and it matched his exactly. The fit was just as we expected, larger than his current size 5. He wore his last cheaper version for 3 years, so we know this one will get an equal workout!
This suit is made so well that it looks real. As a matter of fact, my wife and I took my grandson to the fire station and they gave him a complimentary badge.
My son loves this outfit. It looks exactly like our fire departments uniform. It does not come with a hat though. The material they used is very strong and will last a long time under normal use. Walking around at night was great with the reflective material. My son is four and is tall for his age, however this outfit will last a really long time for him. The adjustable and stretchy overalls make this ensure a long time of usage for a child. The crouch, knees, and elbows all have extra material. The clasps used to close the jacket are very strong. The zipper is not a YKK but it works well. Seems like they slacked a little on the zipper even though they splurged on the material.Over all this is a great buy for any kid who likes to dress up or Halloween.
I got this along with the Western Chief  F.D. U.S.A.Rain Boots for my grandson for his birthday.  What a HIT!  My son is the Fire Chief here & he was impressed with the quality/construction of the suit - from the scotchlite reflective strips  down to how the cuffs have an opening for thumbs and he told his son &#34;this is just the same as my coat&#34; and showed him the cuffs.  My grandson absolutely loves the suit and boots; the pants have to be in his boots just like firefighters so he can be ready to &#34;go on call&#34; in an instant (and that happens a lot!).  The only thing that would make this better would be if it were possible to have his name in reflective letters on the back & maybe a white fire chief's helmet as an option.  I have 3 grandkids and over the years have bought a lot of presents but  none have been such a hit as  this combination.
I was really incredibly impressed by how well made this costume was and how real it looked.  We got compliments at every house trick or treating.  And my little guy wears it for dress up play all the time, so very worth the price!
What a great, realistic set of turnout gear for kids! I bought this 2 years ago for my son for Halloween and he still uses it and loves it. His dad is a firefighter and whenever he attends practices with him he wears his gear and his dad's tags, it is too cute! He has a bit of trouble with the clasps in the front but otherwise it is great. I also bought those iron on letters and printed CHIEF across the back shoulders (instead of his last name because he will grow out of it). Helmet is durable, not those cheep plastic ones, which break in 2 minutes, you get from fire safety week from the departments. I would definitely recommend this to any kid who wants to be a fireman!
My son loved this costume!! Was well made and very realistic! I was so happy with the quality of the material. Best costume ever!!
We bought this suit for my 2.5 year old son for a Halloween costume.  (My son wears sizes 3/4T, so the suit is a little big.)The high quality of the fabric, fasteners, and seams make it perfect for imaginative play all year 'round.The suit is so well made that I can't imagine it falling apart.  He loves it, and the value --  2 full years of play --  is remarkable.***Update 2013***After many years of use by two active boys, and quite a few washes, this costume still looks perfect.Firefighters love to see it - looks just like theirs!
Very sturdy and authentic looking costume and my 3 year old loved it. I highly recommend this to anyone who is looking for a fire fighter costume. Only complaint was that the seller never replied to my email regarding the shipping status but I was happy to receive it in just over a week.
Good fit (slightly on the small side, I would order up), great quality, and our son received lots of compliments on it.
My boys were bough firefighters for Halloween and their little sister was a dalmation. These costumes are of great quality!  They love to play dress up in them.
My 5 year old has been obsessed with fire since he was 2 and we've been through our share of fire gear.  This by far blows all the others away.  He really wanted gear just like our fire fighters wear, so I purchased this set.  We were so pleasantly surprised when we received it and it's so close, even the fire men were impressed.I had seen sets similar, but they were a much thinner material.  The quality is excellent and even with daily use, I know it will last for a long time.
Even though this costs a little more than your average costume, it is definitely well worth it!  This will last a long time!
I bought two of these for my 2 and 4 year old boys for them to wear on Halloween. They are very well made and will be warm and safe for Halloween with the reflective stripes. They boys LOVE them!  The hat is adjustable and stays on. The sleeves even have cuffs built in with a thumb hole to keep their hands warm.  I am really pleased with the quality.
I bought this costume for my 4 year old to wear for Halloween. It's so well made it could be used for a "dress up" box and would hold up well! This is made MUCH better than most Halloween costumes out there and it is adorable!!
The quality is more than I expected.  My grandson loved it.  Will last thru many children. I would highly recommend this for any future fireman.
This is the best costume I have ever come across.  With a little smut on my sons face and his hiking boots on, you could of sworn he was a real Jr. Fire Fighter.
Love this!  Bought the 4-6 for our nearly 3 yr old.  A bit long but easily fixed by rolling sleeves and pants.  Suspenders on the pants make it seem "real."Lots of compliments on Halloween.  Better quality than most fireman costumes on the market.  Our son will wear this again and again. Definitely worth it!
Bought this for my almost 5yr old for Halloween.  Checked out prices for similar costumes at major Halloween stores and for the price this far exceeds the others in quality.  Very realistic design and details.  Not made of cheap polyester like so many other costume options out there.  Son was very excited to see it upon arrival.
I bougth this for my  3 1/2 year old son who loves anything that has to do with Firefighters/Fire Engines! It was an early Halloween Costume which I knew he would enjoy playing around with until the day..He absolutely loves it. It fits perfectly 2/3, its great quality and after this halloween he'll get to show it off whenever he wants.. Money well spent!!!!
Our 2.5 year old loves the costume. The entire thing looks quite authentic and seems to be made very well. I don't see any aspects of the costume that are not likely to hold up to everyday wear and tear. He got it for Christmas and we expect that he will wear it regularly. We have no reservations that it is both safe and durable.As for sizing, our 2.5 year old is tall and skinny. As some suggested, it will likely fit a pretty big kid (bigger than 2/3). But as long as you don't have a particularly short 2 year old...it will fit a small kid without swallowing him/her.
My son and all the guys at the station loved it.  The outfit looks almost identical to the bunkers that we wear. A must have for any kid that loves hanging out at the firehouse.
Bought this as a Halloween costume for my 2 year old son.  It's incredible and well worth the price.  The quality is amazing...thick fabric, actual metal closures, suspenders, great hat.  Seems very durable.  Can't wait for my son to see it.  This is far and away better than any of the "Halloween" firefighter costumes.
This was an amazing product. It was exactly what was promised. Quality material and very authentic uniform. I bought the fire fighter suit for my nephew as a Halloween costume. His father is a fire fighter and it was very important that he look as much like his dad as possible. He wouldn't take it off for about five hours once we took it out of the box. I am very happy with it and will be a used again and again as long as it fits him :-)
This outfit is worn almost daily by our little girl. She loves to play firefighter! We found a miniature brass nozzle and a red garden hose and built a fire hose for her by cutting the length down to 9 feet and adding a new coupling on the end. Now she has a hose that really works for putting out fires (spraying down the pool deck) in the summer! There is one downside to the outfit - the helmet does not have a face shield. Or little firefighter-in-the-know would like a working face shield for protection. Also, we ordered the 8/10 size for a tall 4 1/2 year old girl since the next size down was out of stock. It turned out to be too big and we almost returned it, but she was adamant about wearing it right away. It turned out just fine as the looseness allows it to easily go on right over her clothes without mom's assistance. Mom may end up gently hemming the pants, but really it is working fine just rolling up the sleeves and legs.
This was a great costume and well worth it. The material was durable and well made. Many hidden features including real clip closures on the coat, suspenders with the overalls, thumb holes within the jacket sleeves. It was very "realistic" and we got so many compliments on it. We already have friends that want to buy it for their little boy to wear next year. Great product.
My son loves this costume.  We received it yesterday and he has been wearing it quite a bit.  It fits perfect.  He wears a 4t normally, but  there is still room to grow.  Quality is great.
My son loves and looks adorable in this costume. It is well made and pretty authentic looking. We received many positive comments and requests for where to get it. It was worth the money and will remain in his closet for pretend play.
Very high quality costume.  We used it for Halloween but bought it a little big so it can be used for dress up year round.  Added some black boots to complete the look.
I bought this for my 36 pound 2 year old son.  We had to roll the pants up a little, but the adjustable overall pants took care of keeping them up.  The Jacket has a zipper and metal &#34;clamps&#34; on the outside~ making it look even more official.  This looks just like the ones the firefighters wear in our neighborhood.  It is extremely well made and should last thru a lot of play.  I have not tried washing it yet.  A little pricey, but you get what you pay for in this case.  The material is thick and the stripess are reflective.  The helmet is a thick black plastic with yellow stickers.  The sticker on the front says &#34;fire chief&#34;.  He has dropped this helmet and scraped it up a bit (he is a boy), but it has held its' shape.  It would take A LOT to dent or break it!  He had a of light up pair of tennis shoes that we used on Halloween instead of boots.  He LOVED the whole outfit!!!  He likes to wear it for play now.  It is perfect for Halloween because it is THICK and will keep them warm.  NO coat required on top of this costume! (I put his pajamas on under the costume).  If he wears indoors I put LIGHT cloths on him because he tends to over heat.  Would def. buy again and have even been asked where we found it!  Lots of compliments on this one.
My daughter wanted to be able to play as a firefighter, and her Uncle, the Firefighter says that this is the best replica of his uniform!!! The sizes are true to say Osh Kosh's sizes, so you can get a rough idea as to how it will fit your child.  The hat is so realistic with even the metal hook in the back to hang up like the big guys do, and is adjustable and lightweight!  THIS IS SOOOO AWESOME!!!
My Grandson (3) put it on Christmas morning and wouldn't take it off....ditto for the next couple of days.  There was a lot of talk of firemen and their trucks.  It is very sturdy and authentic to the suspenders.
We have two of these, the black one for one son, and the tan one for our other son.  They love them!  They really enjoy watching firefighters, and now with these costumes they can be firefighters.  The costumes are very well constructed ... both my wife and I were very impressed.  Metal Zippers and latches, real suspenders (so the pants don't fall down ... of course!), and great attention to detail.  These will last years.
I was hesitant when I ordered this costume for my son because the price was so low, but when it arrived I was pleasantly surprised!  The qualityis amazing for the price, this costume will get a lot of use both for Halloween and dress up roll play.  This item is really well made with heavy fabric and reinforced knees and elbows.  The jacket has both a zipper and fast clip buckles and the overalls are adjustable for a good fit.  I would absolutely recommend this costume to anyone who has a child that wants to be a firefighter.  Very authentic!  Even the helmet is of good quality.  The only thing lacking is boots, but sneakers are probably better for Trick or Treating anyway.  My 4 year old son absolutely loves it and can't wait to show it off at his preschool costume parade this Halloween.
I got this for my nephew for Christmas and he LOVES it.  He said it's &#34;just like a real fireman!&#34;  He put it on immediately at the Christmas party and wanted to wear it to the mall, another party, everywhere!It seems to be made of quality material, but we'll see how it stands up to the play of a rough 4 year old in the next month or two...
I ordered this for my son for Halloween and am VERY Impressed! This is very durable and well worth the money! He will get many many years out of this since the pants are adjustable! He was so excited when he went to the firestation and saw that his costume was EXACTLY like theirs! And it came really fast! Very happy customer!!
I purchased this for my 2.5 year old for trick or treating.  The quality is so good, we have decided to wear the jacket as his new fall coat.  The monkey sleeves are fantastic as is the high quality zipper and brass buckles.  This is a higher quality coat than what you could generally find at a local department store.
My 3 year old grandson loves it.  One of the few washable ones I found on the market. Aeromax did not have the helmet advertised and they called me to describe the others available.  Great service.
This is the 3rd set I have bought for my grandson he has a habit of out growing them. His parents are both firefighters and of course he thinks he is too.  It is so realistic and durable.  If he could wear it 24/7 he would he wears it everywhere. When not wearing it the pants are turned down around his black walmart rubber boots just like mommy and daddy do.
My son received so many compliments on this costume.  The materials used were top-notch, and it's warm, which is very important in the great state of Minnesota!  It ran big, so he'll be wearing it again this year.
I bought this firefighter suit for my grandson, who loved it and felt like a real firefighter. He likes it so much he wants to wear it everyday ( we got it for Halloween). The suit arrived promptly and the quality is superb. Great buy
Super fun!  My  11 year old had worn this to a fire truck parade.My son just love:s firemen and this outfit made his day ( he even wanted to where it to school)..This was a wonderful gift. Thank you so much for making his day!
Hundreds of firefighters have marveled at the authenticity of these turn outs. My 3 year old grandson wears them daily as clothing (he has six sets) and visits many firestations each month. They wash well, are amply sized and Aeromax responds quickly and cheerfully to any issues that may arise. My only complaint is that the satin ribbon used as the reflection bands tends to fray with outdoor use around cement, bricks, and wooden fencing. This doesn't bother my grandson as he says it makes it look like he's been fighting a real fire. I don't think there are any other costumes out there that could be lived in as much as these have and still hold up as well. My advise is to buy more than one suit so friends can join in the fun too.
We got this costume for Halloween 2010.  We got it today.  The costume is amazing.  Quality great. If you are getting a firefighter outfit for your kid this is the one to buy.  The helmet is nice not a cheap one at all.  The only problem is the suspenders they are hard to put on and off but I guess that is good cause it won't come off.  My son wont take the outfit off he loves it.You will not be disappointed if you get this outfit.
I was totally impressed by the quality of the bunker gear costume. Plus the item arrived in 3 days..Wow!  Fast service!  I can't wait to give it to my grandson to use. Right now he is wearing a winter coat and snow pants for bunker gear and it is summer time! I think he might be the first one to wear it out before he out grows it.  Everything is so authenticly made and well made too.  Right down to the red suspenders. I will embroider the Town FD on the back (mommy and daddy are fire fighters in town)  Again thanks it is wonderful and I bet I will be back to order the next size up..
I bought this for Halloween but my son wears it everyday. We wore it to the firehouse for safety week and the fireman remarked at how much it looked like the real thing. Of course this made my son beam!
my son wants to be a fireman , and has for the last 2 years , im a little scared of this and hope he grows out of it , but i have got him several fire man uniforms , the ones you find from toys R us are some kind of plastic , rain coat like , made very cheap , so i went as far as almost having one custom made to the real uniforms fire men wear , he is that into fire fighting , as i was looking one day i found this one , let me tell you , he has never been happier , it is very durable , and well built , i know he will put this uniform on everyday to play fire chief , he would sleep in it if i let him , great product , if you dont have one , get one
My 3 year old son LOVES this costume. We bought it for Halloween and for dress up too as he says. He is obsessed with firefighters and just loves to dress up in this at least once a day. We bought boots separately that go with this just great. We took him to our local fire station and all the firefighters loved the outfit. They agreed that it is very realistic and wanted to know where we got it so they could get it for their kids. The quality is excellent. The jacket even has the hand protectors at the end of the sleeves like the real firefighters. My son can dress himself in it with a little help. We have the Firefighter Backpack which is handy for keeping all his tools and he puts that on over this costume. It costs more than some other costumes but it is worth it. You will get a lot of use out of it.
My grandson, William, got this for Christmas and loves to play Fire Chief. His greatgrandfather was a fire chief and he thinks that it is fun to pretend.  He loves it and it is quite authentic looking.  It is very durable looking and I think that he will have it for a long time to play pretend fire chief.
Excellent quality and looks so authentic!  My little boy was speechless!  He's almost 3 and wears 3t-4t clothing right now and the 2-3 fit him perfectly.
This fire fighter costume exceeded expectations.  It is well made, looks GREAT and has fun details like the hook closures and suspender bottoms.  The reflector strips were great for trick-or-treating.  The quality is very good.  I will look for Aeromax brand costumes from now on.
Super well made! My son got this for his 4th bday and we got size 4/6. It is big, but we cuffed up the pants and off he went. Now he wants a face mask, gloves, boots and oxygen tank for his back - lolIt's worth it to pay a little more and get this kind of quality !
This is a great fire figther outfit that my grandson loved immediately once he first seen it.  He could not wait to put it on.  He would not take it off and had to wear it out everywhere even though it was not Halloween yet. Everyone thought he was the cutest little guy.  Love that the should straps adjust! First shipment did not make it to my house, but company replaced it with no question!  Awesome company to work with and excellent quality!  Really was impressed and even took him too fire safety week a the fire station and got lots of compliments.
Once again, my son thinks he's grandpa (the fireman) when he wears this fireman's outfit!  It's a great invention for future firefighters.
I was afraid this outfit would be one of those times where the actual product did not live up to the hype. I purchased this for my 2 year old for a halloween costume and had the intention of keeping it for dress up.Upon opening the package I was immediately impressed. It's made of thick, good quality fabric and appears to be stitched well. The detail is amazing. Even the included hat is quality made with the ability to adjust for size. This is the closest thing you will find in kids dress up to the real deal. My son wore this to a tour of the local firehouse and the firemen there were impressed.Two issues that came up a lot in previous reviews is size and the zipper.1. The zipper is pretty cheap for some reason and has gotten misaligned a couple times. I have to take extra care when zipping and I can see myself replacing it in the future. The clips, however, work great and I usually just do those instead of the zipper. Most of the time my son doesn't want to be zipped up anyways.  If I had to find one thing negative about the costume that would be it but I feel its so minor compared to everything else. The only reason I even mention it was the other reviews had me doubting and Im so glad I went ahead and purchased anyways.2. Sizing: I have a large two year old. He's about 35 pounds and wearing some 3t and mostly 4t clothes. The size 2/3 was perfect for him. We rolled the pants just a bit when not wearing shoes or to show off the fireboots we bought (look for fireman rainboots. They are adorable and go perfectly with this outfit) The jacket has plenty of room and I see him getting another year or two out of this size.In summary, I'm glad I purchased this and will look into getting some of the other costumes by this company. They are worth the price tag and will hold up to heavy use.
Definitely worth the cost.  Solid material and closures.  Realistic.  My son is over the moon excited about this Halloween/Dress up Firefighter costume.  Very much worth the money spent.  We bought in black size 2/3 fits my very averaged sized 3 year old perfectly.  Suspenders adjust so am hopeful it will last a couple of years or as long as his firefighter obsession lasts.
This suit is far more sturdy and realistic than other dress up clothes we have purchased. It is great!
Great costume. It is very high quality. Looks like a real fireman uniform. My son used it for Halloween and dress up.
This costume is very authentic, great quality, definitely worth the price. My 3 year old just loves it, gets to dress up like his grandpa who is a fireman.  So glad that I bought it.
I ordered this costume for my 5 year old, who has been begging to be a fireman for Halloween for the last 6 months.  It is a great costume and my son absolutely loves it.  I wasn't sure what size to order since my son is tall and skinny.  I ended up getting the 6-8 and I'm so glad I did.  The suspenders help keep the pants up and he has plenty of room to grow and/or layer clothes underneath on a chilly day! Love it
This is a very, very well-made costume.  My son loves it!!  My only regret is I wish I would've bought this brand for my first (in size 2-4), however, I spent a little less and my first one didn't hold up for every day wearings.  Hence, I needed to buy another one (this one) for my second. AWESOME suit!
Excellent quality and realistic bunker gear. My little boy has gotten tons of complements from firefighters who see him in his gear. He loves how it's a real suit and not a flimsy costume. The metal fasteners for the fabric covering the zipper is such a great detail.
Fantastic quality!!  I am so impressed with this costume!  It was worth the cost, which I was hesitant about at first.  It looks and feels like is could be a real fire fighter's uniform.  The metal clasps along the front of the jacket are beautiful and such a nice touch.  The helmet is made of strong plastic, and I don't have to worry about it getting crushed.  This will stand up to years of the kids playing dress-up.Down side is that I ordered an extra small, for 2-3 year olds, and it is enormous.  My 2 year old son will not be able to wear it for halloween for at least two or three more years.  It was very disappointing at first, but I still had time to get a different costume, and the long-lasting quality of the product made up for the sizing problem.  I am sure that the costume is made well enough to stand up to years of play and still be wearable for halloween when it finally fits.
We ordered this for my 3 1/2 year old to celebrate Halloween. Very good quality and comfortable to wear! I liked that the costume reflected light. It was really easy to see in the dark while trick or treating.
I ordered this for my niece as an early Halloween present.  Both my parents and her parents marveled over how well the quality is of the material.My brother in law who was a firefighter for over 20 years couldn't believe that they made something like this in 18 month old sizes.My niece hasn't worn it yet hence no picture, but here are some details which cannot be seen on the model shown above.1. There are snaps in the crotch and leg area for easy diaper changes.2. The pants have built in suspenders which hold them up and match the color of the cap.3. The jacket has velcro enclosures to keep it closed and child warm.4. I *think* the stripes are reflective but am not sure about that5. Appears to be loose enough to fit a layer of clothes underneath.This is not a cheap Halloween costume like the kind when I was a kid.  This is strong fabric, very well made, with nice attention to detail.Be sure to have your child wear this on Halloween (or any time) to your local firehouse and see the firefighters go wild!
The costume is so authentic! My husband is a firefighter and they are twins! Will definitely be buying more sizes!
I was surprised by the quality of this costume. It was very well constructed and very realistic. My son definitely had the best fire fighter costume in his class - and there were many!! Loved the reflective detail - perfect for Halloween night.Yes, I would recommend this to a friend.
My son 4yrs is a huge Firefighter fan.  He was the "it" kid during his halloween class and got loads of compliments on how great the costume is.  My mom hit a home run picking this years halloween costume Well Done!
I've had people see this costume and agree it is just like the real thing.  It is very detailed and super durable.  This is not a cheap costume that will fall apart after very little use.  My daughter still plays dress-up with it even 2 years later.
I bought this after my son (just under 2 at the time) borrowed a friend's fireman's hat and literally wouldn't part with it for days.  I couldn't find just a hat that wasn't cheaply made, so I got the whole outfit thinking he would at least wear it for a Halloween costume.He's over 3 now and he wears the hat every day (he slept with it every night until about a month ago) and he wears the coat once every couple of weeks.  Sometimes, he puts the pants on as well.  I feel that we really got our money's worth.  The quality is very good and it does look quite authentic.  He watches a lot of firefighter videos and he loves to put this on when they show the firefighters getting dressed.He loves it when he wears the hat in public and people are happy to meet the "fire chief."  I really recommend this product if you have a child who likes to dress up or who admires firefighters.
Realistic uniform.  Grandson and Son look like Fireman and Mini Fireman in their suits.  This is one of best costumes that canbe bought online.  150% happy with
Awesome quality and so cute! My son is 4 and a half and it fits perfectly, so I'm not sure that many 6 year olds would fit it, as my son is average size, if not on the skinny side. But we love it and are very pleased.
I've bought this playsuit for three grandsons. My son, a firefighter, wears turnout gear in the exact style of this child costume. His two-year old son is very excited to dress like his daddy. My son will will take his son - dressed in this suit - along to ride a fire engine, whenever the Fire Department participates in parades. My other two grandsons just received their suits. Their mother tells me they live in them and climb their bunk bed ladder "to rescue kitties." This costume is durable, washable cotton with realistic D rings and snap clips to secure the jacket. The pants have adjustable suspenders and waist tightening straps. The helmet is sturdy plastic with an inside band for size adjustments - just like an adult's hard hat.
this item is way better than i expected!  nice thick cotton and the pants are attached with suspenders-the real deal-really nice and super cute and washed up nicely also.  Son loves it!
I can't say enough about this costume. My nephew is in firefighter mode 24/7. This costume is as close to the real thing as you can get! The fasteners on the jacket and the suspenders on the trousers, make the little guy feel like the real thing. It was also the best deal I could find on-line thus far. It qualified for the free shipping and that helps because I really "LOVE" free anything a lot. Hope this review helps.
I bought this for my 2 year old son for Halloween.  The quality is great, the look is authentic and he loves it.  We just went to the fire station for a community event they were having, and the Fire Fighters loved his outfit... said it was so close to the actual get up.I'm very happy with this purchase.  It was a little bit more spendy than the other costumes I saw in stores around town, but the quality and look is so much better.
This is so realistic! Very high quality. Perfect for my fire fighter obsessed nephew! He immediately had to put it on!
Well made my son still wears this for imaginary play.  A little expensive but will grow with your son, washable and will get continual use. The clasps on the coat are even metal.  Not a cheap costume
This costume was a hit at Halloween! Everyone commented on how it looked just like a real Fire Fighter uniform. My 4 year old thought it was so cool and still wants to wear it all the time. A bonus is that the yellow stripes glow in the dark, which was great for extra safety at Trick or Treating. It is really good quality and worth the extra money. Love it!
Good buy. This was the 2nd firefighter suit we purchased. The 1st was sold by another company and we sent it back because it started falling apart after only a few wears. The Aeromax suit is definitely worth the extra couple of dollars. The material is very durable and machine washable. The hat is a hard plastic, not that flimsy stuff. My son comes home everyday from school and puts on his firefighter suit. We will get lots of use out of this costume and I'm confident that it will hold up long enough for little brother to use it too!UPDATE: Nov 2012. We've had this suit for almost 3 years now and it is still holding up amazingly well. I have washed it several times. My 6 year old can still fit in it (barely) and by the time he outgrows it, my 2 year old will be ready to wear it. This fire suit was worth every penny. Not just for Halloween, but for year round dress up, year after year.
I bought this firefighter suit,(firefighter geer)as my grandson calls it, is terrific. It looks just like my husband's. My grandson wears it so often. I sometimes swear he is going to want to wear it to sleep. The material is strong and durable. Right now I just roll the pants up. He will wear this until it is time for a new one. I was hesitant but the suit was a great purchase. The black helmet is of good material also. I went online and found him a yellow helmet that has eye cover. Oh yes he is a very happy boy! :)
Looks great!  Not one of those cheaply made, will-fall-apart-in-a-day sort of costumes.  I looked at quite a few fireman costumes for my 3 year old who LOVES pretending to be a fireman.  I splurged on this one because of the great reviews.  I was not disappointed!  I have a 13 month old who could also wear this when he gets older. I am sure, because of its high quality, it will easily last through years of play.
I ordered the exact same costume from Pottery Barn for $30 more, they failed to tell me they had run out of it until I kept calling as Halloween approached. I was totally disgusted with their customer service and went online in a mad rush to find the costume my son was so excited about getting. Volia! there it was on Amazon for $30 less and free shipping. He was the hit of the Halloween trick or treaters and believe me, all the firemen gave him extra candy!!!! The best buy, he wears it at the weekends as it is easy to wash, I wash it cold just in case, but it reallyt looks like the real thing.
Purchased for my 2 year old and the quality and attention to detail on this item is impressive. Fits great and is VERY authentic looking.
I bought two of these firefighter suits for my two grandsons, ages 2 and 4.  They love them and wear them everywhere.  They feel like true firefighters wearing them and never want to take them off.  The quality is great and we sure have some memorable pictures.  Thanks.
Loved the suit, but never received the helmet.  My fault on the helmet...never contacted the company. The suit is made of great fabric and will hold up for a very long time!
This suit (not costume) is the bomb! Totally awesome!!!!It is real material, has a great zipper, brass looking clips, thumb slot in sleeve to keep sleeves down!Velcro, suspenders, etc, etc!We bought boots at Striderite and a hat at party city or similar place. Now, he wants a mask (breathing unit)!
Our son wants to dress up as a fireman this Halloween.  I decided to spend the extra money on his costume based on the reviews saying how durable and realistic it is--plus we got free shipping, thank you Amazon!:)Our little boy was THRILLED to open the box and try on his costume-- he is the cutest little fireman imaginable!I wasn't quite sure what size to go with since some people said the 2-3 size seemed really big; I went with the 4-6, assuming we'd get more years of use out of it.  Our 3 1/2 year old is 40 inches tall and weighs about 33 pounds.  The 4-6 size is definitely roomy, but the suspenders are adjustable on the pants, and once he has his fireman rainboots on, he doesn't step on the pants.  The jacket has sweatshirt-like cuffs inside the sleeves so they don't hang down over his hands; the helmet has an adjustable strap inside to keep it snug on his head--unlike the cheap flimsy plastic fireman hats he already has.  Practical and CUTE CUTE CUTE!GREAT costume I'm sure he'll want to wear every time he visits the "fireman-house" with his dad, and his baby brother will get to wear it in a few years too. (Another way I justified the extra cost, since hopefully it will be used by both my boys!)  Besides Halloween, this outfit would make a great birthday or Christmas gift for any little firefighter!  Can't wait to take our boys to get pics taken w/ the firetrucks--our baby will be dressed up as a dalmation! :)
This was a gift and it was the hit of the party.  My grandson did not take this off for several weeks!
I was pleasantly surprised at the overall quality of the constume.  The costume looks very authentic with brass jacket buckles and red suspenders on the pants.  Very nice.
My 3 year old can not get enough of his new fire suit, every time he puts it on he says that he is oldest brother who is a fireman.  We have gotten MANY compliments on how it looks like REAL bunker gear, very heavy duty material so I am not worried about him wearing it as much as he does.  This was the best thing that Santa brought him for Christmas!!
Bought this for my Nephew. It was a big hit with him and his bigger brother. They will have many years to play and pretend of being the best Firefighter ever. Great value, very real.
This is the most durable, well-made Halloween costume I've ever seen. It's also very authentic looking and cute! My son won a neighborhood "best costume" contest with this one this year. I also loved the fact that it's very well suited for the cold Halloweens we have in Minnesota. It's easy to put warm clothes underneath and not compromise the costume's look.The pants are adjustable (it has suspenders), however as other reviewers noted it does run quite large. My son is a couple months' shy of 4 years old, and he's small for his age. I wasn't sure which size to buy -- I chose the 4-6 size so that he could wear it for a number of years. I kind of wish they had more sizing options cause neither one seemed like the right call for my 3-year old. It turned out OK, though. It was clearly a little bit big on him, but not to the point that he was swimming in it.The reflective stripes were great in the dark for safety purposes. And the sleeves go down around the thumb (so it's kind of like partial mittens). It helps keep the coat in place. My son thought that was really cool.
My son is two and is very into firefighters and fire trucks, so there was no choice to be made when it came to his Halloween costume this year.  This costume is by far the best quality of any I have ever seen.  It is made of durable materials that will withstand many, many wearings - which is good, because my son LOVES to wear it.  My son is on the tall and slender side, but the suit is adjustable in many ways that allow it to fit most kids ages 2 to 3.  I am assuming he'll still be wearing it next year without any issue.  We'll get lots of use out of this one for Halloween and pretend play, so despite it being a bit more expensive than most other fire fighter costumes it's a really great buy.
it was in perfect condition and I know they last a long time cuz we have a smaller size for 5 yr now!:)
As many others have said, this fire fighters suit is quite authentic looking and feeling.  Definitely worth the extra $$ to buy this over the "plasticky" versions at cheap discount stores.  There's not much to rave about the helmet and was only slightly less flimsy than the ones the firemen hand out at school functions, etc.  but overall, the outfit is AWESOME.  Sizing is a little questionable, especially with the numerous options listed (not sure why that is??).  The size I chose was 6/8 and that is exactly what is stated on the item ... unsure what you get if you select "med" or one of the other non-numeric size options or ranges ... but this fit my typically wearing size 6 son quite well with some room to grow.
my son loves it to bits. the size is just perfect for him. he doesn't mind that its a little heavy due to the material which makes it very durable. he loves playing the role together with the added accessories i ordered, spraying water along the garage, the garden, the car and his two older sisters...
Very realistic!!!  Many compliments!! My little boy loved it.  Very good quality material.  Absolutely no complaints!  Thanks so much! :)
This suit looks so real and my almost 4 year old son loves it!! He's already worn it around the house and can't wait to wear it for Halloween.
My son loves this and so do his friends. Originally his Halloween costume but 8 months later he still dresses up in it - his friends always want to wear it, too. Good quality fabric and construction, buckles are real and there's even reflective yellow on it! True to size - he's got broad shoulders and long torso so ordered for his shirt size, pants are a little long for him but he wears snow boots w/ it so a non-issue. Really happy w/ the costume!
This was perfect for my 2 year old for Halloween. He looked like a real fireman and he got so many compliments. It was a little long on him but we just rolled the sleeves and pant legs once and he was good to go. He only wore the jacket when he was outside but it was still adorable with just the pants and a white tshirt and his fireman hat. We plan on letting him wear this when we go visit the local fire dept. :)
My boys love these!!!!  My oldest has had his for 4 years at least and my youngest for 3 years.  They are the best quality of kids costumes I have ever seen!!!!!  My boys have worn them almost everyday for 3+ years and they still look awesome.  We bought the rubber rain boots from bomgaars to complete the outfit!!!  I am thinking I will buy my older the bigger size now that he has out grown it.  The only bad wear on the costume is by the heals where they walk on the pants legs otherwise they are still in awesome shape!!
This costume was very well made and obviously durable. My daughter loved it and we will definitely get more playtime use out of it. Well worth the money.
This is not a toy-like suit. It is made just like the real thing. A heavy material with real clasps on the front.
Purchased after son fell in love with it at a childrens museum .I was able to get at much more affordable rate . Just in time for Christmas .
What an amazing costume! This is sturdy, with real brass toggles and looks so authentic. My 3 1/2 year old son loves it and it looks great. It is heavy so may be hot after awhile depending on weather but sooo cute. Makes those cheaply firefighter costumes look pathetic!
Great quality. It is made of really durable fabric, has wonderful attention to detail, and is really cute. Well worth the price (in my opinion).Also, my son is in between sizes so I ordered the larger size, my mom hemmed the pants and sleeves from above the reflective stripes without losing the integrity of the garment.
I ordered this suit for my son who will be turning 2 on February 1st. We are having his party at the fire department because of his LOVE for fire trucks. This outfit was the perfect accessory for him to go along with the theme of his party. I was shocked at the speedy shipment. I ordered on New Years Day and received an email that afternoon stating it had shipped. With standard shipping, I received the package in less than 7 days. I love the durability of the material. Was hoping not to end up with a cheap, plastic like Halloween costume which is not the case.
Very nice, well made costume.  Adjustable suspenders help to allow this to fit for longer as well.  Heavy plastic, nice quality hat.  Fit our 4 year old well, a little short for our 6 1/2 year old, so sizing is right on.
Best!  Worth Every Penny!  My son plays in this suit several times a week for the last year and it still looks brand new.  Everyone always asks where we got it.  I will continue to buy bigger sizes as he grows out of it!
This is a great costume.  Very well made and sturdy.  The material is thick and really looks like an authentic firefighters suit.
This is such a durable, realistic fire fighter suit.  We bought it for our 4 year old son for his Halloween costume this year and we are all thrilled with it.  I bought the 4/6 size, and the pants are a bit long, but can be rolled at the knee easily, and he will grow into it as he uses it for "dress-up" after Halloween is over.  We are very happy with this product!
Overall, I'm very happy with the purchase. Good strong fabric and it looks just like the real gear. My son wears it all the time ... Well worth the price of purchase!  :)
My son loves this. We bought it for Halloween last year and he still wears it. It hasn't worn out at all. The material is very good quality and the hat stays on! The clips in the front are made from good hardware. It looks very realistic. He got a lot of compliments on this costume! I highly recommend it.
This suit is well constructed and very realistic looking.  Fits true to size and is adorable.  My son is very excited and has tried it on for everyone that has come to visit our home.
My 3.5 year old son LOVES this costume.  We had a similar looking one from another brand first.  It was ok, but was starting to fall apart.  Since my son's fireman craze wasn't going to go away anytime soon (in fact, it's getting bigger) we went ahead and purchased this one (it will probably be his Halloween costume too).  It's perfect.  Very well made, sturdy.  My 3.5 year old can dress himself easily.  He wears it everywhere.  And I've been told by many (including some firemen) that it's the most realistic costume they have seen.  He basically looks like a little fireman.  This outfit goes everywhere and is perfect for my son.  We've had an astronaut outfit before from this brand (bought at Space Center Houston) and we'll happily buy from this brand again.
This is the best and most accurate childrens' fire suit I have seen.  Very durable...looks like the real thing.  My kids have had so much fun with this, and as durable as it is, it will be around for the grandkids, too!
This fire suit was even better in person!  It is the best quality I have ever seen in a dress up costume for kids!  It looks and feels like the real fire suits the actual fireman wear.  I can't say enough about the quality of this costume.  He will play in it and wear it for Halloween as well.  Very durable material.  I was so impressed when opening it and so was my son.  We both love it!  Thanks, Michelle
Our son loved this costume.  He was able to get it on and off just fine.  He wore it almost everyday for a year.  It was washed hundreds of time.  It is a bit faded now but it survived a lot of use!
The inseam for the bib is 17 1/2" and the jacket length is 20". The material is a heavy weight cotton and feel like a real suit. The pants roll up well but the sleeves don't because they have a place to put for your thumb like on some winter jackets. The helmet came missing one of the yellow stickers but all the stickers stayed on even after being immerse in water.Unfortunately, when we put it in the washer/dryer, the velcro on the collar stuck to the silver portion of "reflective" strip (it turns out its just ribbon) and now it is badly fraying.
I love this Outfit!  It is made to wear and wash over and over again. Very durable and comfortable.  Roomy.  My daughter wears it daily even though it is supposed to be for Halloween.
Very heavy duty. My son loved it. Did not want to take it off. It matched my own Bunker gear!
It took me a long time to pull the trigger on this purchase. We had already picked up a reasonable fireman costume at Carter's for $20 and I couldn't get over the loud voice in my head screaming that it was ridiculous to pay almost $50 for my 3 YO to play fireman (its also intended as a Halloween costume). But the rave reviews here kept me coming back until I finally relented and put it into my shopping cart.And I'm REALLY glad I did! It is a spectacular costume - really well made with lots of realistic details. He's basically lived in it since it arrived. Most Halloween costumes are not that sturdy and have to be "saved" so they'll be in functional condition for Halloween. This definitely is a heavy duty costume that he can play in before, during, and after Halloween. I foresee this getting a ton of use for pretend fireman play (almost a constant at our house), going to fire houses (which we do more than I would like to admit), and probably many playdates.He'll be 4 next month and the size 4-6 is perfect. Its just slightly too big so I am hopeful he'll be able to wear it for the next year or so. The helmet is really nice too. Worth the hefty price tag. And that's not something I say very often...
My son loves his fire gear and wears it every chance he gets. He loves to be able to dress up just like daddy!
This is a super cute realistic fireman's costume.  It has quality fabric, not plastic like some other hallween costumes.  This looks like a real fireman, just add a navy shirt (and shoes) and you are set!  I highly recommend this costume.
Great product! Well made, good quality costume. fits my. 3 year old perfectly. Very authentic looking. Love that the hat is adjustable to fit a little boys head. .
My grandson loves it!!!!  He wears it everyday.  A fire truck stopped us the other day they got a kick out of it
Absolutely amazing costume. My 2 year old is obsessed with firetrucks, so I bought this for him (in a size 4-5 yr as he is already 36 inches tall).  The costume is so authentic, and incredibly well made.  This will definitely be around for years.  Not at all your usual flimsy halloween outfit.  Actually, I was at the Children's Museum in Manhattan last week, and this is the same costume that they have for the kids to dress up in- so you can guess how sturdy it is.  Anyway, if you are on the fence about which firefighter costume to get, just go for this one- you'll love it.
Bought this for my son who loves firemen and firetrucks.  The fabric is great- no plastic or vinyl.  my son has a hard time with the buckles, so he prefers just to have it zipped for now- I'm sure he will learn though.  my just-turned-3 year old is in 4-5T clothing- I bough the smaller size, but it was already too small.  This size fits him well, with a little room to grow.
I bought this for my 4 year old grandson for Christmas and it was a HIT! He loves anything that has to do with being a fireman and when he opened this present he IMMEDIATELY wanted to put it on. I asked him if he was going to sleep in it and his response was &#34;Yes, because I'm always going to be a fireman!&#34; It's made with good quality material and looks exactly like something you would see a real fireman wear! I'm absolutely 100% please with these product!! Delivery was as expected, on time and I just couldn't be happier!
Bought this for my son who is 2 1/2. The costume is great fabric and is made well. We didn't want a cheap costume and we're so glad we found this one! Warning about the size which says 2/3. My son is 2 1/2 and he is small for his age (he is about 28 pounds). The costume is big on him! It would have been nice if the size was made clearer but he will wear it anyway!
Bought for my 5 y.o. grandson's birthday. Very satisfied. Comes well packaged on a hanger. Stitching looks very secure, patch reinforced knees and elbows, zips plus 3 brass clasps, breast pocket & 2 side pockets for child's flashlight/gloves, side pockets in overalls, sharp looking reflecting stripes, leatherette collar w/velcro strap closure, authentic plastic helmet with adjustable headband & reflector patches. Hope he's as excited about it as I am. Ordered Sat., arrived Tues. 400 miles. Good service.
with those, you dont cheat  your kid with the other plastic crapksd kljkjl lkjbn lk &ntilde;lzkjfv &ntilde;lkfvn z&ntilde;fkljvn &ntilde;lzfnv z&ntilde;lvn z&ntilde;lfn &ntilde;zln &ntilde;zlnfb &ntilde;zlnkb z&ntilde;lnb z&ntilde;lbn z&ntilde;lbn z&ntilde;bn z&ntilde;klbn z&ntilde;bn &ntilde;zlnb
My husband is a firefighter and this is as close as it gets for a child's dress-up costume! It's very durable, comes with a hard hat, and has real hook enclosures. Make sure you have your own black boots! It also washes well.
My 4 year old son loves it. Very well made. Realistic. Sizing leaves room to grow. Very happy with purchase. Well worth the money.
My husband is a firefighter so my kids know what fire gear should look like! With this fire gear they think they've got the real thing! I have one in a size2 that my four year old has played with for 2 years and now my 2 year old is playing with it! We got the 4 year old a new one! They hold up very well!
Simply, excellent costume for little firmen :) a lot of fun for whole family to run all exercises with real fireman
Wow this suit is great my 3 year old son and 2 year old nephew are going to be firemen for Halloween. My son tired it on and loved it, didn't want to take it off... the material is great this suit is all around worth the price..
We took him to the fire department after his 3rd birthday party. The firemen were so impressed with the uniforms authenticity they put their own on and took pictures. They showed Jeremiah their firetruck and let him spray the house. We could not have been happier with the whole uniform.
I am very impressed with the quality of this suit. We ordered the black color. The pants have red suspenders that have lots of room to grow. The hardware is very good and the over all stitching was well done. The material used is very durable and I see many, many months of use out of this before my 4 year old son out grows it. He is very hard on his clothing, but I can see him outgrowing this suit before it falling apart. We've had it about a week now and it's gotten A LOT of use out of it and it's holding up great. I can see this lasting through a few children. I would definitely buy this again.
This is the BEST suit for little boys that I have ever seen!  It's super durable and realistic.  Except the helmet.  Which is kind of average.) It runs big, so the size 2/3 fits my very average size 3 1/2 yr old.  The pants are suspenders, so they adjust lenght wise.  It's worth the extra money.
My son wore this for Halloween, the costume looks very authentic...we received alot of compliments on the quality of the suit.
My two-year old grandson is completely enamoured with his father's occupation as a firefighter. And, when he opened this gift on Christmas, he was over the moon! The quality of the suit material is excellent, nearly that of the real thing. The helmet is sturdy and nearly indestructible. I forgot to order the boots but, based on the other elements of the suit, I would expect them to be top quality as well.
It was so authentic looking.  Great quality and worth every penny...especially after he did a happy dance upon opening the present.  We let him open it before going to tour the local fire house with his friends prior to his birthday party.  It made him feel extra special, and that made us very happy!!!
We got this for our 2 1/2 year old son.  His daddy is a volunteer fireman and he decided he wanted to be a fireman for Halloween so instead of spending money on a costume that would not last we found this and bought it.  Let me tell you, the hardest thing is trying to tell a 2 1/2 year old that it's 90+ degrees out and he can't wear it 24/7.  He really does want to wear it all the time, even to bed!  He has older sisters and we have to go to school games and events and needless to say our little fireman is there.....uniform and all!!!  Wonderful product and will last a VERY long time.  We did order the next size up and it is adjustable so still fits him well with a lot of room to grow.
Our son literally wore this for his firefighter playtime and Halloween for over two years, still does.  Holds up well. He has gotten many compliments from firefighters around the country when visiting their stations, about how authentic it looks/feels to real gear.  Great long lasting, washable, costume for any kid aspiring to be a firefighter.
After reviewing the comments of many customers who had purchased Fire Fighter outfits for kids, the Aeromax Jr. was consistently highly rated and said to be durable.  So we bought this for our grandson Nathan's birhday and had it sent to him.  He loves it and his parents have commented that it is very well made.
We purchased the brown version of this suit two years ago for my son and he wore it and wore it until he just grew so much couldn't get it on anymore. It is extremely durable, washes very well and is easy for little fingers to get on and off. My son played in this costume in all four seasons, indoor and outdoor. He wore it everywhere! He'll be happy to have another one that fits!
Amazing quality and the small details help make it look just like a real fire fighter suit. My son is a 4T and we purchased the 4/6 and it fit great with room to grow. The hat is also very good quality and stayed on his head. We received many compliments and people asking where we purchased this.
My son hasn't taken the costume of he loves it so much. He wears it playing in the neighborhood, to school, church and the grocery store.
This product is everything they said it would be. We are using it for Fire prevention week and the kids love it. Easy for them to put on and remove. It resembles real firemens turnout gear.
Great quality!!! I was super impressed when I got this in the mail. It looks like the real deal! My son loves it and wears it where ever be goes!
The retro channel just started re-running old episodes of Emergency! Needless to say, our 4 year old LOVES the firetrucks and the action and has been running around playing fireman ever since. I ordered this after reviewing all the fireman outfits on Amazon, and couldn't be happier- more to the point, neither could he.Details:The coat was sold as tan but is a bit more brown than you'd expect. However, the color is close to new turnouts, and I imagine will fade to more of a tan color with time. Still looks great as is.The reflective material does just that, and is well sewn on.It's fairly heavy material and will definitely keep a child warm! The stitching is well done, with reinforcing patches on knees/elbows- perfect for crawling!The zipper was solid, and the fasteners on the jacket more so- looks realistic and feels very durable.The suspenders are well made and easy to adjust. He wanted to leave the pants "ready to go" and we were able to have him roll out of bed and into his gear- well, not as fast as a fireman, but close.The cuffs are knitted on the feet and wrists, so no tripping or getting hands caught. Also, the wrist cuffs have a thumb loop so the child can keep the sleeve in place (I guess?)The fire helmet has an adjustable band inside which was loosely attached- more of a "meh" than a gripe. It's sturdy and sits on the head well enough.I gave it a high educational value, as there are plenty of features which can be explained and it looks just like the ones on TV so there's another teachable moment.This is well-made, warm, durable, and will provide plenty of adventures for years. Completely worth the price!
I purchased this for my son's VPK graduation as he had to dress up in what he wanted to be when he grew up.  I was pleasantly surprised at how durable and cute this costume was.  I'm so used to the cheap, wear maybe once/twice type of costumes, that I actually had to do this review!  Well worth the money!
My eleven year old son loves everything about firefighters since he was four. This was the third suit we purchased for him. I was able to convince him to let me wash it a few times and it held up well.
My little boy just turned 3, and wants to be a Fire Fighter just like his three uncles!!  He received many gifts for his birthday, but keeps going back to his Jr. Fire Fighter Suit!  The minutes we walk into the house from somewhere, he has it on!  It is just like the "real" fire fighters!  He loves it and has fun pretending....makes me smile to see him having so much fun with it.  Would also recommend the Boots to go along with it!
Well made product that my 3 year old son loves, we got it for his 3rd birthday (in April) and he is still wearing it weekly - if not more(now october). The main signs of wear over that time are at the neck with the valcro strap that can easily pull the reflector fabric but not bad considering the constant wear. I found sizing difficult to establish when purchasing so to give you some idea at 3yo it was a bit big for him (average height and weight for age) had to roll up the overall legs and arms a little which he did not mind (but if you haven't got the jacket on you can't see any reflector strips). The overalls have adjustale straps and I would expect we won't be rolling the overalls by 4yo, and we no longer roll the jacket. My 5yo fitted/fits it without rolling (average height and skinny). I would highly recommend from my experience as I have not found a better quality fire suit.
Can't say enough good things about this Halloween Costume. It is incredibly well made and looks so realistic. Took my son to the local Fire Department while he was wearing it and the fireman couldn't stop raving about how authentic he looked. This is so sturdy we could use this for years or, more likely, hand it down to other friends. You won't be disappointed.
Shipped direct to my nephew for his birthday.  My sisters says when he opened it he was ecstatic!  She said the quality of the suit is fantastic.
My son loves it, it's not morning pride but it looks pretty close to dad's turnouts. It looks durable and well made to.
Very durable costume. The reviews I had read indicated the sizes ran big. My son is in size 4 clothes so I thought this might be huge on him but actually is a great fit! We can't wait to take him out on Halloween and to our local fire station for pictures!
Great costume, well made.  Has stood up to many, many washes and still looks great!
This costume was awesome! My son loved it! It was so unique and real! People commented on how real it looked!
When my kids were younger we could get by with a cheap Halloween outfit but as they have gotten older the kids (but mostly my wife and I) are interested in the more realistic outfits.I didn't think the price was out of line for this outfit considering the quality of the outfit and the accessories. The price was even more than justified when I turned around and sold it on Ebay the following Halloween for $40.95. Basically I rented the costume for an entire year for less than $20. During that year my children wore the outfit a number of times and the outfit held up to the abuse.
The fire fight pants and jacket were a perfect fit and the material looks very durable.  He was so excited since it looks just like the real turn out gear are local fire fighters wear. He worn them to 4 Halloween parties. A birthday/ Halloween party was held at our fire hall,  of corse  he wore his gear and the the chief said my son had the best costume. He keeps it next to his bed at night because he says &#34;you never know when there is going to be a fire call.&#34;
This is the best ever costume, dress up and play outfit I have ever seen. High Quality, roomy, true to life! The best money I have ever spent on a costume! Woot Woot
I was super pleased with this product, and the look on a 3 yr old's face was priceless.  Got the item fast and in great condition.  I'm sure we will be ordering again.
I just ordered and received this for my 5 1/2 year old son. I ordered the 6 to 8 and it fits him perfectly. I'm very pleased with the quality and I'm sure he'll be able to wear it for many more months.
This is the cutest outfit and really well made.  The fastenings are all metal, no cheap plastic.  Even the stripes on the suit are fabric (a heavy grosgrain ribbon detail).  I would describe the material as a light weight cotton canvas.  I ordered the 8/10 size for my son who just turned 7.  He's 49" tall and weighs 52 lbs.  The sleeves are just a tiny bit long on him (I had to turn the cuffs under one turn).  When worn with boots, the pants are just the right length.  I would say this fits more like a size 6/8.  It would probably work for a shorter 9 year old, but no older.  There's plenty of room to layer heavy clothes under the suit for a chilly Halloween night, so it would definitely fit a child with a huskier build.  Hope this info helps.  Happy Halloween!
I bought this as a Christmas gift for my very tall 2 1/2 year old nephew who is obsessed with anything fire department related.  The suit was a little large, but I was happy I sized up to the 4/6.  It is of heavy material with patches on elbows and knees.  Very authentic....not like a store bought costume.  Needless to say, he wore it all evening, cried when time to put on pjs and was in it again at 8:15 the next morning.  Would definitely recommend.
Wonderful outfit and very realistic.  Thank you..... Also it was a very smooth transaction....I added his name on back to be more realistic or one could add a name on the front.
Very realistic outfit!! My son loves it, not cheapMaterial like standard costumes. This has suspenders like the real firefighters that kids love
This was the purchase of the season. So life like, durable and fun. My son loves his firefighter suit and the firefighters at Station 18 got a big kick out of it as well.
The costume is amazing, and so close to the real thing!!! with an entire family of firemen everyone was amazed how much it looked like a real bunker suit
My son loved this costume and received tons of compliments from actual fire fighters. The quality is perfect and washes well. Money well spent
Our junior fireman was so exciteded about his suit that he couldn't decide whether to put it on or take it off(He was afraid he might get it dirty.) It is so realistic. I would recommend it to any junior fireman who wants the "real deal".
This fire suit is very well made! We bought this for Halloween, but reviewers mentioned its great quality to use year round. Now my 3 yr old puts out &#34;fires&#34; (waters trees) in the backyard with the garden hose and wears this to the grocery store with Dad on Saturdays. I am very pleased with how sturdy this fire suit is. I've never seen a stronger fire suit in any store.
Grandson out grew the first on we bought.  It had lots of use.  He dresses with it everywhere.  We had to buy a larger one, and this is the one we have now.
Before buying this suit, I read all of the reviews that praised its quality.  Those reviews were right on!  This suit is very realistic and made extremely well.  My 4 year old wants to wear it every day.
My son asked if he could be a "fireman" like his daddy so I search online and found this product to be the most closest to the actual firefighters gear.  He loves it and it's the most cutest thing ever! The material is very durable and he looks just like his daddy in it!  My husband was amazed at how much i paid for this item too! I say it's worth the money and the reaction when my son saw it....PRICELESS!
This fire fighter costume looks authentic.  The fabric is thicker and durable.  We ordered the black costume for my nephew so he could look like my husband's.  It literally resembles my husband's firefighter turnouts.  These are awesome!!
This fire fighter suit is the most real looking fire fighting costume I have seen.  My son thinks he's a real fire fighter in it and wears it all the time.  It's durable (my son has had his for a little over a year now and it looks practically new).  People always ask us where we bought it.  Well worth the money.  We're even going to buy the next size up as our son has just about outgrown the one we have...
When asked who is your favorite superhero? My son's answer is "A Firefighter! Because they save people".  This firefighter suit arrived in time for Christmas morning and before opening any other toy, he had to put it on.  Our little guy (age 4) just loves this outfit and has the Western Chief boots that match.  He puts it on and off on his own, which helps him with the getting dressed independently skills too.  The fabric is very good, not too hot, but heavyweight enough that it should stand up to the rough & tumble tests of a preschooler.