考生 必读 ： 8 月 雅思 写作 重点 训练 题 1 .   Some   people   argue   that   teaching   children   of   different   abilities   together   benefits   all   of   them .   Others   believe   that   intelligent   children   should   be   taught   separately   and   given   special   treatment .   Discuss   both   views   and   how   do   you   think   about   it ? 2 .   It   is   not   necessary   for   students   to   go   to   school ,   because   more   information   is   accessible   on   the   internet .   Instead ,   children   can   study   at   home .   Do   you   agree   or   disagree ? 3 .   Some   believes   that   cultural   traditions   will   be   destroyed   by   the   money - making   attractions   aimed   at   tourists .   Others   think   it   is   the   only   way   to   save   these   cultural   traditions .   Discuss   both   views   and   show   your   own   opinion 4 .   Differences   between   countries   are   becoming   less   evident   nowadays .   People   tend   to   have   the   same   films ,   music ,   brands ,   TV   channels ,   etc .   To   what   extent   do   you   think   the   disadvantages   outweigh   the   advantages ? 5 .   Several   languages   are   dying   out   every   year .   Some   people   do   not   think   it   is   important   and   say   that   our   life   will   be   simpler   with   fewer   languages .   To   what   extent   do   you   agree   or   disagree . 6 .   When   a   country   develops   its   technology ,   the   traditional   skills   and   ways   of   life   die   out .   It   is   pointless   to   try   and   keep   them   alive . To   what   extent   do   you   agree   or   disagree   with   this   opinion ? 7 .   Exposure   to   international   media ,   e . g .   films ,   TV   and   magazines ,   has   an   impact   on   the   local   culture .   Please   discuss   whether   the   advantages   outweigh   the   disadvantages . 更 多 信息 请 访问 ： 新浪 雅思 频道   雅思 论坛   雅思 博客 圈 特别 说明 ： 由于 各 方面 情况 的 不断 调整 与 变化 ， 新浪网 所 提供 的 所有 考试 信息 仅供参考 ， 敬请 考生 以 权威部门 公布 的 正式 信息 为准 。 