烤鸭 必看 ： 雅思 7 分 作文 十大 必修 绝技 simple   and   easy   tips   for   at   least   securing   a   7   band   score   in   writing . 1 .   spend   5   minutes   on   jottingdown   points   on   your   question   paper . 2 .   First   impression   is   the   last   impression .   Heard   of   this   expression ? (   It   means   that   your   intro   should   be   rock   soild ,   that   further   means   it   should   be   devoidof   silly   spelling   and   grammar   mistakes .   It   should   be   delicious   in   taste   that   keeps   a   checker / reader   at   their   sit   edge   for   wanting   more   and   more ) . 3 .   Your   body   paras   should   be   stick   to   2 - 3   good   points   on   either   side   you   choose .   They   can   be   based   on   your   personal   experiences   or   from   history   or   from   current   events .   Develop   your   essay   around   those   points . 4 .   Your   concluding   para   should   be   short   and   it   is   no   more   introducting   points   but   rather   reinforcing   your   firm   stand   on   the   topic .   A   three - four   line   conclusion   is   good   enough . 5 .   When   you   write   an   essay .   Write   it   straightfrom   your   heart .   There   must   be   a   soul   behind   the   writing .   There   should   be   some   emotions   in   the   essay . 6 .   Keep   your   writing   sentences   short .   If   you   want   to   write   a   long   sentence ,   its   length   should   not   be   exceeded   over   two   short   sentences . 7 .   Use   some   $ 5   vocabulary   words   ( let ' s   say   6 - 7   in   the   whole   essay ) .   So   that   they   can   stand   out   and   the   checker   can   notice   them   easily .   Those   $ 5   vocabuary   words   are   common   words   that   you   see   in   newspaper   articles   over   and   over   again . 8 .   Don ' t   worry   about   essay   length .   A   260   word   essay   can   securea   good   band   than   a   350   word   essay . 9 .   Don ' t   ever   give   a   single   chance   to   your   checker   to   pick   up   speelingmistakes .   If   you   write   the   essay   with   that   mentality ,   you ' ll   do   weill   in   the   real   test . 10 .   Learn   to   relax   so   that   you   can   come   up   with   good   points   for   your   essay .   Writing   essays   should   be   a   past   time   activity   for   you   rather   than   a   cumbersomechore   which   is   forced   upon   you   by   a   third   party . 更 多 信息 请 访问 ： 新浪 雅思 频道   雅思 论坛   雅思 博客 圈 特别 说明 ： 由于 各 方面 情况 的 不断 调整 与 变化 ， 新浪网 所 提供 的 所有 考试 信息 仅供参考 ， 敬请 考生 以 权威部门 公布 的 正式 信息 为准 。 