雅思 49 天 倒计时 基本功 训练 ： 主语 从句 Part   I ： 单词 与 短语 reward   n .& vt . 奖赏 ， 报偿 ； virtue   n . 美德 ； get   bad ( 动词 结构 ) 变坏 ， 变得 糟糕 ， ( 食物 等 ) 变坏 ； go   on   a   diet   动词 短语 ) 节食 ； first   of   all 首先 ； write   out ( 动词 短语 ) 写 出来 ， 列出来 ； a   long   list   of ( 某些 东西 的 ) 一个 长长的 单子 ； forbid   vt . 禁止 ； forbidden   过去分词 ) 禁止 ， 禁止 的 ； include   vt . 包括 ； butter   n . 黄油 ； potato   n . 土豆 ； sweets   n . 糖果 ； pay   sb .   a   visit ( 动词 短语 ) 拜访 某人 ； ring   the   bell ( 动词 结构 ) 按响 门铃 ； as   fat   as   ever 肥胖 依旧 ； lead   sb .   into … 带 某人 进入 。 。 。 ； hurriedly   adv . 匆匆忙忙 地 ； hide [     ] vt . 藏 ； obvious   adj . 明显 的 ， 显然 的 ； embarrassed   adj . 尴尬 的 ； guiltily   adv . 内疚 地 ； explain   vt . 解释 ； strict   adj . 严格 的 ； occasionally   adv . 偶尔 地 ； contents   s ] n . 内容 ； contain   vt . 盛着 ， 装着 ； bar   n . 棍子 ， 一条 Part   II ： 语法 学习 主语 从句 概念 解释 ： 主语 从句 ， 顾名思义 ， 就是 主语 是 个 句子 。 为了 避免 “ 1 ” 的 位置 上 显得 过于 沉重 ， 英语 中 经常 会用 it 来 取代 主语 从句 ， 而 把 主语 从句 后置 。 示例 ： That   he   was   very   embarrassed   was   obvious . 划线 部分 就是 主语 ， 用 that 引导 ， 这样 的 摆放 是不是 让 全句 显得 头重脚轻 啊 ？ 所以 ， 为了 避免 这一 状况 ， 我们 使用 it ， 即 ： It   was   obvious   that   he   was   very   embarrassed . Part   III ： 综合 训练 My   friend ,   Robert ,   has   always   been   fat ,   ( 1 )   things   got   ( 2 )   bad   recently   ( 3 )   he   decided   to   go   ( 4 )   a   diet .   First   of   all ,   he   wrote   ( 5 )   a   long   list   of   all   the   foods   ( 6 )   were   forbidden .   The   list   included   butter ,   potatoes ,   rice ,   beer ,   milk ,   chocolate ,   and   sweets — all   the   things   ( 7 )   he   loves .   Yesterday ,   ( 8 )   my   way   home   ( 9 )   work ,   I   paid   him   a   visit .   I   rang   the   bell   ( 10 )   was   not   surprised   ( 11 )   see   ( 12 )   he   was   still   as   fat   as   ever .   He   led   me   ( 13 )   his   room   ( 14 )   hurriedly   hid   a   large   parcel   under   his   desk .   It   was   obvious   ( 15 )   he   was   very   embarrassed .   ( 16 )   I   asked   him   what   he   was   doing ,   he   smiled   guiltily   ( 17 )   then   put   the   parcel   on   the   desk .   He   explained   ( 18 )   his   diet   was   ( 19 )   strict   ( 20 )   he   had   to   reward   himself   occasionally . Then   showed   me   the   contents   ( 21 )   the   parcel ,   ( 22 )   contained   five   large   bars   of   chocolate   and   three   bags   of   sweets ! 答案 ： ( 1 )   but ;   ( 2 )   so ;   ( 3 )   that ;   ( 4 )   on ;   ( 5 )   out ;   ( 6 )   which / / that ;   ( 7 )   that ； ( 8 )   on ;   ( 9 )   from ;   ( 10 )   and ;   ( 11 )   to ;   ( 12 )   that ;   ( 13 )   into ;   ( 14 )   and ;   ( 15 )   that ;   ( 16 )   When ;   ( 17 )   and ;   ( 18 )   that ;   ( 19 )   so ;   ( 20 )   that ;   ( 21 )   of ;   ( 22 )   which Part   IV ： 句型 转换 将 下面 句子 进行 最大 程度 的 合并 ： 1 .   My   friend ,   Robert ,   has   always   been   fat .   Things   got   so   bad   recently   that   he   decided   to   go   on   a   diet . 2 .   He   began   his   diet   a   week   ago .   He   hoped   to   lose   some   weight . 3 .   First   of   all ,   he   wrote   out   a   long   list   of   all   the   foods .   These   foods   were   forbidden . 4 .   He   wrote   out   a   long   list   of   all   the   foods .   The   list   included   most   of   the   things   he   loves . 5 .   The   list   included   butter ,   potatoes ,   rice ,   beer ,   milk ,   chocolate ,   and   sweets .   These   are   all   the   things   he   loves . 6 .   Yesterday   I   paid   him   a   visit .   I   was   on   my   way   home   from   work . 7 .   I   rang   the   bell .   I   was   not   surprised   to   see   that   he   was   still   as   fat   as   ever . 8 .   He   led   me   into   his   room .   He   hurriedly   hid   a   large   parcel   under   his   desk . 9 .   It   was   obvious   that   he   was   very   embarrassed .   I   asked   him   what   he   was   doing . 10 .   I   asked   him   what   he   was   doing .   He   smiled   guiltily .   He   then   put   the   parcel   on   the   desk . 11 .   He   explained   that   his   diet   was   very   strict .   He   had   to   reward   himself   occasionally . 12 .   Then   he   showed   me   the   contents   of   the   parcel .   It   contained   five   large   bars   of   chocolate   and   three   bags   of   sweets . 答案 ： 1 .   My   friend ,   Robert ,   has   always   been   fat ,   but   things   got   so   bad   recently   that   he   decided   to   go   on   a   diet . 2 .   He   began   his   diet   a   week   ago ,   hoping   to   lose   some   weight . / /   Beginning   his   diet   a   week   ago ,   he   hoped   to   lose   some   weight . / /   He   began   his   diet   a   week   ago   and   hoped   to   lose   some   weight . 3 .   First   of   all ,   he   wrote   out   a   long   list   of   all   the   foods   which   were   forbidden . 4 .   He   wrote   out   a   long   list   of   all   the   foods   that / / which   included   most   of   the   things   he   loves . / /   He   wrote   out   a   long   list   of   all   the   foods   including   most   of   the   things   he   loves . / /   He   wrote   out   a   long   list   of   all   the   foods   and   it   included   most   of   the   things   he   loves . 5 .   The   list   included   butter ,   potatoes ,   rice ,   beer ,   milk ,   chocolate ,   and   sweets — all   the   things   he   loves . / /   The   list   included   butter ,   potatoes ,   rice ,   beer ,   milk ,   chocolate ,   and   sweets ,   which   are   all   the   things   he   loves . 6 .   Yesterday ,   on   my   way   home   from   work ,   I   paid   him   a   visit . / /   Yesterday   I   paid   him   a   visit   while   I   was   on   my   way   home   from   work . / /   Yesterday ,   while   I   was   on   my   way   home   from   work ,   I   paid   him   a   visit . 7 .   I   rang   the   bell   and   I   was   not   surprised   to   see   that   he   was   still   as   fat   as   ever . / /   I   rang   the   bell   and   was   not   surprised   to   see   that   he   was   still   as   fat   as   ever . 8 .   He   led   me   into   his   room   and   hurriedly   hid   a   large   parcel   under   his   desk . / /   Leading   me   into   his   room ,   he   hurriedly   hid   a   large   parcel   under   his   desk . / /   He   led   me   into   his   room ,   hurriedly   hiding   a   large   parcel   under   his   desk . 9 .   It   was   obvious   that   he   was   very   embarrassed   when   I   asked   him   what   he   was   doing . / /   Obviously ,   he   was   very   embarrassed   when   I   asked   him   what   he   was   doing . 10 .   I   asked   him   what   he   was   doing   and   he   smiled   guiltily   and   then   put   the   parcel   on   the   desk . / /   When   I   asked   him   what   he   was   doing ,   he   smiled   guiltily   and   then   put   the   parcel   on   the   desk . 11 .   He   explained   that   his   diet   was   very   strict   and   that   he   had   to   reward   himself   occasionally . / /   He   explained   that   his   diet   was   so   strict   that   he   had   to   reward   himself   occasionally . 12 .   Then   he   showed   me   the   contents   of   the   parcel   and   it   contained   five   large   bars   of   chocolate   and   three   bags   of   sweets . / /   Then   he   showed   me   the   contents   of   the   parcel ,   which   contained   five   large   bars   of   chocolate   and   three   bags   of   sweets . / /   Then   he   showed   me   the   contents   of   the   parcel ,   containing   five   large   bars   of   chocolate   and   three   bags   of   sweets . 更 多 信息 请 访问 ： 新浪 雅思 频道   雅思 论坛   雅思 博客 圈 特别 说明 ： 由于 各 方面 情况 的 不断 调整 与 变化 ， 新浪网 所 提供 的 所有 考试 信息 仅供参考 ， 敬请 考生 以 权威部门 公布 的 正式 信息 为准 。 