新鲜出炉 ： 8 月 30 日 雅思 口语 重点 考题 Part   one : Job / study Are   you   student   or   working ? What   kind   of   company   are   you   working   in ? What   are   the   advantages   and   disadvantages   of   your   job ? Do   you   want   to   work   in   a   big   pool   or   small   pool ? Do   you   think   there   should   be   a   age - limit   on   job ? Is   it   easy   for   college   student   to   get   jobs ? What   are   the   difficulties   in   getting   jobs ? Why   some   eldly   people   get   back   to   school   for   education ? Housework Who   does   the   housework   in   your   family ? What   housework   do   you   like   and   dislike ? What   changes   are   brought   by   modern   technology   into   housework ? Teenager What   are   the   differences   between   the   people   nowadays   and   the   past ? What   are   the   attitudesof   yougsters   to   the   eldly ? Do   peple   go   to   the   gym ,   what   are   the   advantages   of   going   there ? what   sort   of   equipments   are   availble ? what   are   the   difference   of   sports   now   and   in   the   past ,   are   people   aware   of   the   importance   of   health ? What   the   meaning   of   your   name   ,   and   is   there   any   special   celebration   for   naming   the   kid ? Music What   music   do   you   like ?   Why ? What   musical   instrumentdo   you   like ? Are   there   any   friends   around   you   playing   some   instruments ,   like   piano   or   guitar ? Have   you   ever   listened   to   someone   playing   a   musical   instrument ? What   musical   instrument   do   you   enjoy   most   and   why ? Can   you   play   any   musical   instrument ? Do   you   often   go   to   the   concert ? Shopping Do   you   like   shopping ? Who   does   the   shopping   in   your   family ? What   do   you   often   buy   when   you   go   shopping ? What   don ’ t   you   like   when   you   go   shopping ? Where   do   you   like   to   go   shopping ? What   styleof   shopping   do   you   like ? Clothing What   kind   of   clothes   do   you   like ? What ’ s   the   difference   between   the   opinions   of   men   and   women   on   clothes ? Do   you   like   buying   clothes ? Do   you   often   wear   formal   or   informalclothes ? Do   you   think   that   color   is   important   when   you   buy   clothes ? Sport What   sports   are   popular   among   Chinese   people ? Should   we   teach   sports   to   children ?   Why ? What   is   the   role   of   sports ? Do   you   think   sports   can   help   you   relieve   your   mood ? Film Do   you   like   to   watch   films   in   the   cinema   or   at   home ? Why   do   you   like   to   watch   films ? What   kind   of   films   do   you   like ? How   often   do   you   go   to   the   cinema ? What ’ s   the   difference   between   American   films   and   Chinese   films ? Computer What   do   you   do   with   computers ? Do   you   think   that   children   should   learn   to   use   computers ? Do   you   think   that   life   is   better   with   computers ? When   did   you   begin   to   use   computers ? What ’ s   the   influenceof   computers   on   you ? Living   place Where   are   you   living   now ? Do   you   like   your   living   environment ? Is   it   good   or   bad   for   children ? Is   there   anything   for   improvement ? What   can   you   see   from   your   windows ? What   is   hanging   on   the   wall   in   your   house ? Photography Do   you   like   taking   photos ? On   what   kind   of   situations   do   you   take   photos ? Could   you   tell   me   one   of   your   happy   experiences   of   taking   photos ? Relax What   do   you   do   in   your   leisure   time ? What   relaxationdo   people   around   you   like ? What   kind   of   activities   do   people   of   your   country   do   for   relaxation ? Why   do   people   need   leisure ? What   will   you   do   if   you   have   extra   spare   time ? Drawing Do   you   like   drawing ? What   are   the   benefits   of   drawing ? What   are   the   benefits   of   drawing   for   adults ? Newspaper When   did   you   begin   to   read   newspaper ? What ’ s   the   difference   between   Chinese   newspapers ? Gift When   do   people   send   gifts   in   China ? What   did   you   give   and   receive ? What   gifts   are   popular   in   China ? What   have   you   given   to   others   and   who   did   you   send   gifts   to ? Art Do   you   think   the   art   is   important   to   life ? Can   you   give   an   example   of   arts   you   learn ? What   kind   of   art   do   you   like ? What   kind   of   art   experience   did   you   have   when   you   were   young ? What   kind   of   art   are   you   good   at ? Weekend Is   weekend   important   to   people ? What   do   people   do   on   weekend ? Do   you   think   people   should   be   asked   to   work   on   weekends ? Do   you   think   people   should   get   more   money   if   they   work   on   weekends ? Which   day   do   you   like   more   on   weekend ? What   do   you   often   do   on   that   day ? Flowers Do   Chinese   people   like   to   give   flowers   as   a   gift ? Do   flowers   have   any   special   meanings   in   China ? On   what   occasions   do   Chinese   send   flowers   to   each   other ? What   are   the   functionsof   flowers   at   weddings   and   restaurants ? When   did   you   last   send   flowers ? 更 多 信息 请 访问 ： 新浪 雅思 频道   雅思 论坛   雅思 博客 圈 特别 说明 ： 由于 各 方面 情况 的 不断 调整 与 变化 ， 新浪网 所 提供 的 所有 考试 信息 仅供参考 ， 敬请 考生 以 权威部门 公布 的 正式 信息 为准 。 