精华 推荐 ： 15 个 最难 的 雅思 作文题目 雅思 作文 考试 近年 涌现 大量 的 难题 。 难题 的 难 ， 体现 在 很 难 找到 恰当 和 合理 的 观点 ， 也 体现 在 相关 词汇 的 缺乏 。 以下 是 我 总结 的 雅思 作文 考试 最难 的 15 道题 ， 准备 考试 的 朋友 们 ， 不妨 看看 这些 题目 ， 想想 观点 ， 试着 写写 ， 衡量 一下 自己 的 作文 能力 。 1 . Some   people   think   that   universities   should   provide   knowledge   and   skills   related   to   future   career .   Others   think   the   true   function   of   the   university   is   to   give   access   to   knowledge   for   its   own   sake .   What   is   your   opinion ? 2 . The   unpaid   community   service   should   be   a   necessary   part   in   high   college   programs   ( such   as   helping   your   neighbor   or   teaching   the   children   sports   or   working   for   the   charity ) . To   what   extent   do   you   agree   or   disagree ? 3 . Nowadays ,   some   people   claim   that   public   museums   and   art   galleries   will   not   be   needed   because   people   can   see   historical   objects   and   works   by   using   computer .   Do   you   agree   or   disagree ? 4 . Some   experts   say   that   children ’ s   studying   English   at   primary   school   is   better   than   their   studying   English   at   secondary   school .   Do   you   think   its   advantages   outweigh   its   disadvantages ? 5 . At   present ,   science   is   developing   at   a   high   speed ,   but   people   still   have   a   high   opinion   of   artists .   What ’ s   your   opinion ? 6 . More   and   more   measures   to   improve   the   security   in   the   urban   area   have   been   introduced   because   of   the   increased   crime .   Do   the   benefits   of   the   measures   outweigh   the   drawbacks ? 7 . Some   people   believe   that   history   is   little   or   nothing   to   people .   Others   think   that   people   must   study   history   to   understand   the   present .   Discuss   both   views   and   give   your   opinion . 更 多 信息 请 访问 ： 新浪 雅思 频道   雅思 论坛   雅思 博客 圈 特别 说明 ： 由于 各 方面 情况 的 不断 调整 与 变化 ， 新浪网 所 提供 的 所有 考试 信息 仅供参考 ， 敬请 考生 以 权威部门 公布 的 正式 信息 为准 。 