名师 点评 雅思 口语 近期 话题 ： 儿时 的 朋友 Describe   a   school   friend   you   remember   well . You   should   say : who   this   person   was what   he / she   looked   like how   you   became   friends and   explain   why   you   remember   this   person   so   well . Sample   Answer : The   school   friend   I   remember   well   is   Sara .   She ’ s   not   only   my   school   friend ,   but   also   my   best   friend .   I ’ ve   known   her   since   we   were   in   middle   school . She   is   of   the   same   height   with   me ,   but   thinner .   With   beautiful   eyes   and   straight   black   hair ,   she ’ s   really   a   pretty   girl . We   became   friends   because   we   were   born   on   exactly   the   same   day   and   we   happened   to   hold   the   birthday   party   at   the   same   KFC   when   we   were   14 .   That   day ,   we   became   friends . We ’ ve   been   friends   for   7   years .   I   remember   her   so   well   because   she   is   someone   who   is   the   exact   personal   mirror   image   of   myself .   We   understand   each   other   like   soul   mates .   We   were   all   young   and   rebellious   and   she   understood   my   madness .   She   knows   me   better   than   I   know   myself   at   times ,   at   the   most   critical   times .   She   is   who   I   want   to   call   first   when   I   feel   I ' m   in   crisis .   Now ,   though   we   are   in   different   cities ,   we   still   keep   in   touch   with   each   by   phone   and   email . Part   3 Are   there   any   differences   between   childhood   friends   and   friends   in   adulthood ? Actually   yes .   First ,   a   childhood   friendship   has   innocence   and   there   are   easier   ties   to   make   with   someone   when   you   are   younger .   There   are   also   easier   ways   to   find   things   in   common   with   another   person   when   you   are   younger .   When   you ’ re   older   it ’ s   kind   of   like   having   the   safety   net   removed .   Then ,   you   can   do   something   as   a   kid   in   a   friendship   and   it ’ s   either   cute   or   brushed   off .   As   an   adult   it ’ s   a   little   harder   because   if   something   is   misconstrued   then   even   the   most   rational   person   can   get   upset . Which   do   you   think   is   better ,   to   have   a   large   group   of   friends   or   just   a   few   close   friends ? Definitely   a   few   good   friends .   Less   worry   and   problems   to   deal   with .   I   believe   in   quality   over   quantity   when   it   comes   to   close   friends .   I   feel   more   comfortable   hanging   out   with   my   small   band   of   pals ,   and   I   know   I   can   be   myself   and   I   trust   them   all   implicitly . How   is   the   way   people   make   friends   today   different   to   the   way   people   made   friends   years   ago ? Well ,   the   way   people   make   friends   today   is   not   much   different   from   the   way   people   used   to .   You   meet   someone   and   hang   out   with   them   and   see   if   your   personality   clicks . Do   you   think   it ’ s   important   ( or   necessary )   to   keep   in   contact   with   childhood   friends ? All   I   could   think   of   is   the   song :   ‘ make   new   friends ,   but   keep   the   old ,   one   is   silver   but   the   other   gold . ’   Keeping   old   friends   has   shown   to   be   a   good   stress   reducer .   Talking   with   an   old   friend   and   laughing   at   how   things   were   is   always   great   fun .   When   I   talk   with   old   friends ,   it   feels   so   comfortable   and   great   and   it   makes   me   feel   warm   all   over .   So   I   think   it ’ s   important   to   maintain   childhood   friends . 更 多 信息 请 访问 ： 新浪 雅思 频道   雅思 论坛   雅思 博客 圈 特别 说明 ： 由于 各 方面 情况 的 不断 调整 与 变化 ， 新浪网 所 提供 的 所有 考试 信息 仅供参考 ， 敬请 考生 以 权威部门 公布 的 正式 信息 为准 。 