范文 赏析 ： GMAT 与 GRE 满分 作文 揭秘 下面 是 一篇 官方 给出 满分 的 ARGUMENT 范文 ， 我们 来 一起 赏析 ， 看看 它 为何 能 scored   six   （ 先读 文章 ， 再 看 我 的 点评 ） The   following   appeared   as   part   of   an   article   in   a   daily   newspaper : " Most   companies   would   agree   that   as   the   risk   of   physical   injury   occurring   on   the   job   increases ,   the   wages   paid   to   employees   should   also   increase .   Hence   it   makes   financial   sense   for   employers   to   make   the   workplace   safer :   they   could   thus   reduce   their   payroll   expenses   and   save   money . " Discuss   how   well   reasoned   you   find   this   argument .   In   your   discussion   be   sure   to   analyze   the   line   of   reasoning   and   the   use   of   evidence   in   the   argument .   For   example ,   you   may   need   to   consider   what   questionable   assumptions   underlie   the   thinking   and   what   alternative   explanations   or   counterexamples   might   weaken   the   conclusion .   You   can   also   discuss   what   sort   of   evidence   would   strengthen   or   refute   the   argument ,   what   changes   in   the   argument   would   make   it   more   logically   sound ,   and   what ,   if   anything ,   would   help   you   better   evaluate   its   conclusion . 首段 This   argument   states   that   it   makes   financial   sense   for   employers   to   make   the   workplace   safer   because   by   making   the   workplace   safer   then   lower   wages   could   be   paid   to   employees .   This   conclusion   is   based   on   the   premise   that   as   the   list   of   physical   injury   increases ,   the   wages   paid   to   employees   should   also   increase .   However ,   there   are   several   assumptions   that   may   not   necessarily   apply   to   this   argument .   For   example ,   the   costs   associated   with   making   the   workplace   safe   must   outweigh   the   increased   payroll   expenses   due   to   hazardous   conditions .   Also ,   one   must   look   at   the   plausability   of   improving   the   work   environment .   And   finally ,   because   most   companies   agree   that   as   the   risk   of   injury   increases   so   will   wages   doesn ' t   necessarily   mean   that   the   all   companies   which   have   hazardous   work   environments   agree . 中间 段 1 The   first   issue   to   be   addressed   is   whether   increased   labor   costs   justify   large   capital   expenditures   to   improve   the   work   environment .   Clearly   one   could   argue   that   if   making   the   workplace   safe   would   cost   an   exorbitant   amount   of   money   in   comparison   to   leaving   the   workplace   as   is   and   paying   slightly   increased   wages   than   it   would   not   make   sense   to   improve   the   work   environment .   For   example ,   if   making   the   workplace   safe   would   cost   $ 100   million   versus   additional   payroll   expenses   of   only   $ 5 , 000   per   year ,   it   would   make   financial   sense   to   simply   pay   the   increased   wages .   No   business   or   business   owner   with   any   sense   would   pay   all   that   extra   money   just   to   save   a   couple   dollars   and   improve   employee   health   and   relations .   To   consider   this ,   a   cost   benefit   analysis   must   be   made .   I   also   feel   that   although   a   cost   benefit   analysis   should   be   the   determining   factor   with   regard   to   these   decisions   making   financial   sense ,   it   may   not   be   the   determining   factor   with   regard   to   making   social ,   moral   and   ethical   sense . 中间 段 2 This   argument   also   relies   on   the   idea   that   companies   solely   use   financial   sense   in   analysing   improving   the   work   environment .   This   is   not   the   case .   Companies   look   at   other   considerations   such   as   the   negative   social   ramifications   of   high   on - job   injuries .   For   example ,   Toyota   spends   large   amounts   of   money   improving   its   environment   because   while   its   goal   is   to   be   profitable ,   it   also   prides   itself   on   high   employee   morale   and   an   almost   perfectly   safe   work   environment .   However ,   Toyota   finds   that   it   can   do   both ,   as   by   improving   employee   health   and   employee   relations   they   are   guaranteed   a   more   motivated   staff ,   and   hence   a   more   efficient   staff ;   this   guarantees   more   money   for   the   business   as   well   as   more   safety   for   the   employees . 更 多 信息 请 访问 ： 新浪 英语考试 频道   英语考试 论坛   英语考试 博客 圈 特别 说明 ： 由于 各 方面 情况 的 不断 调整 与 变化 ， 新浪网 所 提供 的 所有 考试 信息 仅供参考 ， 敬请 考生 以 权威部门 公布 的 正式 信息 为准 。 