09 雅思 口语 作文 ： 教育 出访 是 大事 教育 出访 / 生活 中 大事 Education   is   the   only   thing   you   do   for   yourself   only . And   the   biggest   shame   of   all   is   that   you ’ re   only   allowed   to   study   at   one   school   over   a   certain   period   of   time . I   was   lucky   enough   to   have   traveled   to   Singapore   and   witnessed   the   educational   wonder   at   the   Nanyang   Technology   University   at   which   my   mom   was   studying   at   the   time . That   was   the   educational   visit   that   I   remember   most   clearly . ( That   was   the   most   important   event   that   happened   to   me   in   my   life .   ) The   campus   was   absolutely   stunning ( 震撼 的 美丽 )   with   trees   and   grass   all   over   it . You   feel   you ’ ve   stepped   into   a   forest   or   something . I ’ m   not   an   environmentalist ,   but   the   reason   why   I   like   it   with   so   many   trees   is   because   it   gives   you   a   chance   to   escape   from   the   social   complexity   and   return   to   an   ‘ atmosphere   of   academia .   ( 学术 氛围 ) And   here   and   there   you   see   a   squirrel   or   cat   lying   around   the   campus   totally   not   afraid   of   people .   I   guess   no   one   ever   harms   them .   That ’ s   strange   to   me   but   kinda   cool . My   mom   was   attending   an   MBA   program   there . So   me ,   as   her   daughter ,   was   given   the   opportunity   to   visit   my   mom   at   this   prestigious ( 声名显赫 )   university . And   my   personal   agenda ( 目的 )   was   to   take   a   vacation   in   one   of   the   most   technologically   advanced   countries   in   the   world . But   I   didn ’ t   expect   to   find   so   much   I   don ’ t   know   about   that   lion   city . The   people ,   the   urban   landscape ,   the   cultural   atmosphere   of   that   city   totally   changed   my   world   perspective . I   think   that   visit   changed   my   life   and   it   was   because   of   that   visit   that   I   made   up   my   mind   to   go   abroad   and   experience   something   different . So   I   guess   in   a   certain   sense ,   this   educational   visit   was   the   turning   point   in   my   life ,   it   explains   why   I ’ m   here   today   taking   this   test . 更 多 信息 请 访问 ： 新浪 雅思 频道   雅思 论坛   雅思 博客 圈 特别 说明 ： 由于 各 方面 情况 的 不断 调整 与 变化 ， 新浪网 所 提供 的 所有 考试 信息 仅供参考 ， 敬请 考生 以 权威部门 公布 的 正式 信息 为准 。 