雅思 阅读 基本功 难句 过关 ： 倒装句 型 倒装句 型 难句 列表 1 .   Halfway   across   the   room ,   a   small   pistol   in   his   hand ,   stood   a   man . 2 .   They   do   not   seem   to   like   one   another   very   much ,   neither   are   they   too   keen   on   conventional   people . 3 .   Down   came   the   “ white   only ”   notices   in   buses ,   hotels ,   trains ,   restaurants ,   sporting   events ,   rest   rooms   and   on   park   benches   that   once   could   be   found   everywhere   throughout   the   South . 4 .   Quite   different   is   the   outcome   of   successful   insurrections   like   those   of   July   1830   and   February   1848 . 5 .   Splendid   is   the   architecture   of   Manhattan ,   the   heart   of   the   city ,   with   its   hundred   and   more   skyscrapers . 6 .   Especially   popular   were   his   Sunday   evening   dinners ,   usually   followed   by   musical   performances . 7 .   Only   in   recent   years   have   women   begun   to   catch   up   with   men   in   this   area . 8 .   Worse   perhaps   was   the   idea   of   Saturday   afternoon   cricket ;   most   of   my   friends   would   be   enjoying   leisure   at   that   time . 9 .   But   unpopular   as   red   has   been   in   the   past ,   at   the   moment   it   is   a   favorite   hair   dye . 10 .   Only   when   he   has   lost   his   way   does   he   realize   that   he   wasn ’ t   careful   enough   to   make   sure   that   he   really   did   understand . 11 .   Only   by   becoming   wealthier   can   countries   correct   these   conditions . 12 .   Were   it   left   to   me   to   decide   whether   we   should   have   a   government   without   newspapers   or   newspapers   without   government ,   I   should   not   hesitate   a   moment   to   prefer   the   latter . 13 .   Out   of   our   emotional   experience   with   objects   and   events   comes   a   social   feeling   of   agreement   that   certain   things   and   actions   are   “ good ”   and   others   are   “ bad ” . 14 .   Among   the   most   promising   and   most   thoroughly   researched   probiotics   is   the   GG   strain   of   Lactobacillus ,   discovered   by   Dr .   Sherwood   Gorbach   and   biochemist   Barry   Goldin ,   both   at   Tufts   University   School   of   Medicine . 15 .   Only   when   total   production   expands   faster   than   the   rate   of   labor   force   growth   plus   the   rate   of   productivity   increase   and   minus   the   rate   at   which   average   annual   hours   fall   does   the   unemployment   rate   fall . 更 多 信息 请 访问 ： 新浪 雅思 频道   雅思 论坛   雅思 博客 圈 特别 说明 ： 由于 各 方面 情况 的 不断 调整 与 变化 ， 新浪网 所 提供 的 所有 考试 信息 仅供参考 ， 敬请 考生 以 权威部门 公布 的 正式 信息 为准 。 