雅思 信函 写作 开头 结尾 常用 表达方式 以下 是 我 的 整理 资料 ， 基本上 都 是 自己 一个个 字 从 电脑 上 打上去 的 ， 决不 是 随便 从 哪个 网站 上 抄 来 的 ， 请 大家 熟练 背诵 ， 书信 写作 的 开头 结尾 部分 再 不是 问题 ！ 1 .   一般 开头 How   is   everything   going   with   you ?   I   am   writing   to   extend   my   heart - felt   thanks   to   you   for   … ( 感谢 ) Thank   you   for   your   letter   of   February   8   informing   me   that   I   have   been   accepted   by   your   college .   But   I   must   apologize   to   you   for …   ( 道歉 ) I   am   writing   to   inform   you   that   。 ..   ( 通知 ) I   am   writing   to   seek   your   assistance   in …   to   request   to （ 请求 ） I   am   writing   to   express   my   views   on   …   ( 建议 ) I   am   writing   in   response   to   your …   ( 回应 ) I   am   writing   to   apply   for   the   scholarship   that   your   department   offers   to   students   from   other   countries .   （ 申请 ） I   am   writing   to   see   if   it   is   possible   for   you   to   provide   me   with   information   regarding … （ 咨询 ） I   am   writing   to   express   my   disappointment / dissatisfaction   about   …   to   complain   about   … ( 抱怨 ) I   am   writing   to   lodge   a   claim   for   the   suitcase   I   lost   on   my   journey   to   …   ( 挂失 ) I   have   learned   from … that   you   are   looking   for   … 。   And   I   am   writing   to   recommend   … for   the   post . ( 推荐 ) 补充 句型 ： I   am   writing   this   letter   for   the   purpose   of   doing   sth .   ( 较为 正式 ) 2 .   表达 感谢 的 句型 I   am   most   grateful   to   you   for   your … I   am   writing   this   letter   to   express   my   sincere   gratitude   for … I   would   like   to   convey   in   this   letter   my   heartfelt   thanks   for … I   feel   greatly   indebted   to   you   for   … 。 I   am   writing   to   tell   you   how   greatly   I   appreciate   all   you   have   done   for   me . But   for   your   kind   assistance ,   I   would   have   … I   must   thank   you   again   for   your   generous   help . My   thanks   to   you   for   you   generous   help   are   beyond   words . Please   accept   my   deepest   gratitude . 3 .   表达 道歉 的 句型 I   feel   really   sorry   to   you   for   … I   must   apologize   to   you   for … I   would   like   to   express   my   deepest   apology / regret   for   not   being   able   to   … Had   I   … ，   I   would   have … I   want   you   to   know   how   badly   I   feel   about … 4 .   一般 结尾 Any   favorable   consideration   on   my   application / requests   will   be   highly   appreciated . I   am   looking   forward   to   your   favorable   reply   at   your   earliest   convenience . 更 多 信息 请 访问 ： 新浪 英语考试 频道   英语考试 论坛   英语考试 博客 圈 特别 说明 ： 由于 各 方面 情况 的 不断 调整 与 变化 ， 新浪网 所 提供 的 所有 考试 信息 仅供参考 ， 敬请 考生 以 权威部门 公布 的 正式 信息 为准 。 