09 雅思 口语 作文 ： 电影 《 穿 Prada 的 恶魔 》 I ’ m   a   big   movie   buff ( 电影迷 ) . I   visit   the   movie   theater   regularly   each   month . But   over   the   past   few   years ,   the   one   movie   that   touched   me   deeply   was   a   star - ensembled ( 明星 云集 )   movie - - Devil   Wears   Prada   starring   Anne   Hathaway   and   Meril   Streeps . When I   saw   this   movie   when   I   was   coming   out   of   high   school . Most   people   think   when   you   go   to   college ,   you   experiment   with   new   possibilities , you   find   a   new   style   of   fashion   which   is   usually   not   allowed   in   high   school . I   saw   so   many   of   my   friends   putting   on   make - up   and   pursued   high   fashion   ( haute   couture )   ,   Gucci ,   Ferragamo ,   Prada . I   almost   lost   myself   in   such   a   materialistic   world . And   this   movie   was   my   life   saver . What It   was   the   story   of   a   young   girl   trying   to   make   a   difference   in   the   world . She   entered   a   fashion   magazine   headquarter   and   became   a   modern - day   Cinderella   under   a   devil - like   boss ,   who   was   played   by   Meril   Streeps . The   most   impressive   part   was   how   she   adapted   to   the   new   environment   and   emerged   on   top   of   everybody   else . Such   a   change   is   breathtakingly   amazing . Why I   know   a   lot   of   people   say   the   movie   is   not   the   same   as   the   book , which   tries   to   persuade   people   to   stay   simple   and   true   to   their   own   principles . But   I   can ’ t   help   loving   it   because   I ’ m   also   at   the   crossroad   of   my   life   now . Am   I   going   to   follow   suit   blindly   after   other   people ,   or   do   I   stop   and   think   and   find   out   what   I   really   want ? Being   true   is   not   always   easy ,   and   it   has   a   price   to   pay . But   Andy ,   the   heroine   in   that   movie   showed   me   courage   to   take   any   consequence   of   your   brave   choice . Love   it ! 更 多 信息 请 访问 ： 新浪 雅思 频道   雅思 论坛   雅思 博客 圈 特别 说明 ： 由于 各 方面 情况 的 不断 调整 与 变化 ， 新浪网 所 提供 的 所有 考试 信息 仅供参考 ， 敬请 考生 以 权威部门 公布 的 正式 信息 为准 。 