点拨 一下 ： 2009 年 4 月份 雅思 写作 预测 1   We   can   get   knowledge   from   news ,   but   some   people   think   we   can ' t   trust   the   journalist .   What   do   you   think ?   What   qualities   should   a   journalist   have ? 2     Some   people   believe   that   a   country   becomes   more   interesting   and   develops   faster   when   its   population   is   mixed   with   different   nationalities   and   cultures .   To   what   extent   do   you   agree   or   disagree   with   it ? 3   Some   people   think   that   it   is   better   for   students   to   live   at   home   with   their   parents ,   while   others   think   they   should   live   in   school   accommodations .   What ’ s   your   opinion ? 4   Food   can   be   produced   much   more   cheaply ,   because   of   improved   fertilizers   and   better   machinery .   However ,   some   methods   may   be   dangerous   for   human   health ,   and   have   negative   effects   on   local   communities .   To   what   extent   do   you   think   its   disadvantages   outweigh   its   advantages ? 5   Some   children   in   rural   places   cannot   have   good   schools   and   medical   facilities .   To   improve   this   situation ,   some   people   suggest   that   new   teachers   and   doctors   should   be   sent   to   rural   places   for   several   years .   Others ,   however ,   believe   every   one   has   the   free   right   to   choose   where   to   work .   Discuss   both   views   and   give   your   own   opinion 。 6   Some   people   think   that   in   the   morden   society   individuals   are   becoming   more   dendepent   on   each   other ， while   others   say   that   individuals   are   becoming   more   independent   of   each   other .   Discuss   both   views   and   give   your   own   opinion 。 7   The   government   is   responsible   for   protecting   a   nation ’ s   cultural   identity .   Thus ,   some   people   believe   new   buildings   should   be   built   in   traditional   styles .   To   what   extent   do   you   agree   or   disagree   with   this   opinion ? 8   Scientific   research   should   be   carried   out   or   controlled   by   government   rather   than   private   companies .   To   what   extent   do   you   agree   or   disagree ? 9   Some   people   think   the   cheap   air   flight   gives   ordinary   people   more   freedom .   However ,   others   think   the   cheap   air   flight   should   be   banned   because   it   pollutes   the   air   and   brings   many   other   problems .   Discuss   both   views   and   give   your   opinion 。 10   Exposure   to   international   media ,   e . g .   films ,   TV   and   magazines ,   has   an   impact   on   the   local   culture .   To   what   extent   do   you   think   the   advantages   outweigh   the   disadvantages ? 更 多 信息 请 访问 ： 新浪 英语考试 频道   英语考试 论坛   英语考试 博客 圈 特别 说明 ： 由于 各 方面 情况 的 不断 调整 与 变化 ， 新浪网 所 提供 的 所有 考试 信息 仅供参考 ， 敬请 考生 以 权威部门 公布 的 正式 信息 为准 。 