2009 年 专四 CET4 考前 临阵磨枪 写作 范文 吴 中东 ： 09 专四 考前 临阵磨枪 写作 范文 Essay   Writing ( 大 作文 ) 1 .   Benefits   of   Joining   Various   Organizations Last   week ,   our   class   had   a   heated   discussion   about   whether   we   college   students   should   join   various   organizations   on   campus   like   Student   Union .   Some   believe   it   beneficial   whereas   others   think   it   does   no   good .   For   my   part ,   there   are   many   benefits   for   getting   involved   in   these   organizations 。 First   of   all ,   we   can   improve   our   ability   to   communicate   with   people .   Suppose   we   take   part   in   an   organization ,   we   must   manage   programs .   Then   we   inevitably   need   help   from   the   fellow   students   and   advice   from   teachers .   And   all   these   require   us   to   have   strong   social   ability .   Secondly ,   we   can   spice   our   life   in   college   by   participating   various   activities .   And   such   events   as   basket   ball   campaigns ,   volunteering   works ,   and   evening   gala   really   can   add   to   our   emotional   energy .   Finally ,   getting   ourselves   involved   provides   us   with   incentives   for   our   studies .   When   we   join   an   organization ,   we   often   take   charge   of   certain   works   like   management .   We   are   leaders .   As   leaders ,   we ,   of   course ,   should   set   others   good   examples .   And   studying   hard   and   well   will   probably   be   the   wise   way   to   accomplish   that   goal 。 All   in   all ,   we   can   learn   a   lot   from   all   these   activities .   By   actively   involving   ourselves   in   them   we   can   meet   new   people   and   make   more   friends ,   improve   our   ability ,   and   above   all   study   well 。 2 .   Team   Work   How   to   Achieve   Team   Work " Experience   is   the   best   teacher , "   people   say .   Indeed ,   the   most   important ,   and   sometimes   the   hardest ,   lessons   we   learn   in   life   come   from   our   participation   in   situations .   For   my   part ,   you   can ' t   learn   everything   from   a   book .   And   only   practice   makes   you   a   successful   person 。 To   begin   with ,   first - hand   experience   is   important   for   a   child .   When   we   were   children ,   we   learned   the   fundamental   lessons   of   life   solely   from   experience .   That   is   to   say ,   parents   teach   us   by   experience   such   as   how   to   walk   steadily ,   how   to   cope   with   the   adults ,   and   so   on   and   so   forth .   Secondly ,   first - hand   experience   is   also   important   for   an   adolescent .   At   school ,   we   do   not   learn   everything   from   books ,   in   that   few   books   can   teach   us   successfully   how   to   meet   new   people   and   make   more   friends .   Finally ,   as   we   leave   adolescence   behind   and   enter   adult   life ,   no   book   can   teach   us   how   to   fall   in   love   and   get   married .   But   experiencing   our   own   triumphs   and   disasters   is   really   the   only   way   to   learn   how   to   live   a   successful   life 。 To   conclude ,   knowledge   gained   both   from   experience   and   from   books   have   their   respective   roles   to   play   in   our   life .   However ,   in   my   view ,   I   think   the   former   one   is   more   important   than   the   latter   one .   The   most   important   lessons   can ' t   be   taught ;   they   have   to   be   experienced 。 Note   Writing   ( 小 作文 ) 1 、 A   Complain April   18 ,   2009 Dear   Sir , I   am   writing   to   you   to   file   a   formal   complaint   about   a   Sim   card   I   bought   from   your   company   last   week .   The   day   I   got   it   from   …   I   found   it   not   useable .   So   I   went   back   to   change   it   3   days   later   since   I   was   up   to   my   neck   in   my   studies .   But   the   salesgirl   said   it   was   “ overdue ”   and   refused   to   help .   I   now   request   either   a   refund   or   a   change   of   it .   I   am   looking   forward   to   your   reply 。 Yours , Nancy 2 .   A   Congratulation   Letter Apr   21 ,   2005 Dear   John , I   am   pleased   that   you   have   passed   the   entrance   examination   and   been   accepted   by   a   very   famous   university .   I   feel   proud   of   you   and   I   believe   you   really   deserve   the   honor   since   you   have   been   working   so   hard .   Of   course ,   you   will   find   college   life   both   exciting   and   challenging .   Once   you   get   to   know   the   difference   between   college   and   middle   school   life ,   you   certainly   won ’ t   find   the   adaptation   too   difficult ! Truly   Yours 更 多 信息 请 访问 ： 新浪 英语考试 频道   英语考试 论坛   英语考试 博客 圈 特别 说明 ： 由于 各 方面 情况 的 不断 调整 与 变化 ， 新浪网 所 提供 的 所有 考试 信息 仅供参考 ， 敬请 考生 以 权威部门 公布 的 正式 信息 为准 。 