雅思 范文 ： 经济 与 文化交流 There   is   more   international   business   and   cultural   communication   between   countries .   To   what   extent   do   the   advantages   outweigh   the   disadvantages ? International   business   and   cultural   communication   between   countries   are   increasingly   active   in   this   age ,   which   promotes   global   economic   development   and   understanding   among   nations .   On   the   other   hand ,   they   do   bring   harms   to   local   environment   and   damage   the   local   cultural   identities   to   some   extent .   However ,   I   believe   the   advantages   outweigh   the   disadvantages 。 International   business   helps   countries   to   optimize   both   material   resources   and   labor .   It   saves   cost   of   production ,   provides   employment   opportunities   for   people   in   certain   countries   and   enables   people   to   buy   products   at   a   very   low   price .   For   example ,   some   computer   companies   choose   to   set   up   their   factories   in   developing   countries   where   they   can   find   relatively   cheap   labor   to   assemble   computers .   This   not   only   relieves   the   unemployment   pressure   in   some   areas   but   also   make   it   possible   to   market   inexpensive   softwares .   Moreover ,   international   business   enables   countries   to   share   resources .   For   example ,   it   is   expensive   to   produce   rice   but   wheat   in   one   country ,   but   cheap   in   the   other .   Then   these   countries   can   concentrate   on   the   production   of   the   cheap   ones   and   trade   them   with   the   other 。 Cultural   communication   can   promote   understanding   and   share   the   essence   of   culture   between   countries .   More   cultural   exchange   can   expose   a   more   comprehensive   image   of   a   nation   to   the   other .   People   tend   to   form   stereotypes   for   people   from   certain   countries .   For   example ,   most   Americans   think   Chinese   people   are   poor ,   conservative   and   old - fashioned .   Through   more   cultural   activities   such   as   TV   programs ,   movies ,   live   performances ,   educational   exchange   etc ,   people   understand   more   about   how   modern   Chinese   cities   are ,   how   open - minded   and   creative   Chinese   people   has   become .   Besides ,   since   every   nation   has   its   distinctive   culture   and   tradition .   Cultural   communication   makes   it   possible   for   different   nations   to   share   the   essence   of   their   culture .   For   instance ,   the   embroidery   and   china   ware   in   China   are   introduced   into   many   areas   in   the   world   through   international   trade   and   exhibitions .   More   and   more   people   can   enjoy   the   pretty   handicrafts .   Sharing   is   often   beneficial   to   the   majority 。 We   have   to   admit   that   in   some   cases ,   international   trade   harms   the   local   environment   and   people   in   some   countries   have   lost   their   cultural   identiy   because   of   cultural   invasion .   owever ,   these   harmful   effects   can   be   reduced   given   more   awareness   of   them .   To   sum   up ,   I   think   international   trade   and   cultural   communication   will   bring   more   benefits   than   harms 。 供稿 ：   张艳 