名师 指导 ： 远离 蹩脚 英语 之 Saying   Sorry 王毅 ： 中国 大陆 地区 唯一 雅思 总分 满分 得主 ， 新 航道 英语 测试 研究 中心 主任 ， 北京 新 航道 学校 雅思 阅读 主讲 SAYINGI ’ M   SORRY I ’ msorry   can   be   an   apology   for   a   mistake   orwrongdoing ,   for   refusing   a   request ,   for   interrupting   someone ,   or   for   accidentallybumping   or   getting   too   close   to   someone 。 All   of   the   following   expressions   can   mean   I ’ m   sorry 。 Sorry eg .   Sorry   Ican ’ t   join   you   tonight 。 Excuseme   eg .   Excuse   me   for   interrupting 。 Pardon ( me )   eg .   Pardon   me .   I   need   to   get   by 。 Forgiveme   eg .   Ididn ’ t   mean   to   hurt   your   feelings .   Please ,   forgive   me 。 Oops ! eg .   Oops !   Istepped   on   your   toe .   Are   you   okay ? RESPONSESTO   I ’ M   SORRY Saying   Sorry requires   a   response .   Often   people   say   That ’ sokay   or   It ’ s   okay ,   meaning   thatit ’ s   not   necessary   to   be   sorry   or   that   everything   turned   out   okay .   Here   aresome   other   expressions   that   are   used   in   response   to   Sorry : That ’ sall   right It ’ scool :   in   this   context ,   cool   is   slang   for   fine ,   good , okay Don ’ tworry   about   it Nevermind Forgetit ( It ’ s ) No   big   deal :   means   “ It ’ s   not   big   enough   to   worryabout ” The   following   expressions   are   said   in   replyto   Sorry   when   the   apology   is   for   amore   serious   offense ,   or   when   the   offended   person   is   still   upset : Iappreciate   your   apology :   a   polite   acceptance   ofapology   without   saying   It ’ s   okay I ’ llforgive   you   this   time :   means   “ I ’ ll   forgive   you   one , but   not   a   second   time ” Don ’ tlet   it   happen   again :   a   strong   and   serious   warning ; but   can   also   be   said   lightly IBLEW   IT   AND   RELATED   IDIOMS These   expressions   are   very   common   andinformal   ways   to   acknowledge   that   one   has   made   a   mistake   or   a   very   bad   choice . The   also   can   be   used   to   say   I ’ m   sorry 。 Iblew   it   eg .   I ’ msorry   I   forgot   about   our   plans .   I really   blew   it ! Imessed   up   eg .   I   messed   up   on   my   term   paper .   It   wasn ’ t   very   good 。 Iscrewed   up   eg .   Asa   young   person   I   screwed   up   a   lot .   Ineeded   to   grow   up 。 Mymistake   eg .   Oh , my   mistake .   I   thought   the   meeting   wastoday 。 Whatwas   I   thinking ? !   eg .   Oh   no !   I   cut   this   board   too   short .   What   was   I   thinking ? ! Ican ’ t   believe   I   … !   eg .   I   can ’ t   believe   I   forgot   your   birthday ! Note :   people   generally   do   not   say   I   failed   when   they   make   a   mistake .   I   failed   is   used   when   one   fails   ( doesnot   get   a   passing   grade )   in   a   class   or   on   an   exam .   It ’ s   also   used   to   introducea   sentence   such   as   I   failed   to   ( dosomething ) ，   meaning   “ I   didn ’ t   do   it ”   or   “ I   was   unable   to   do   it 。 ” 