名师 指导 ： 远离 蹩脚 英语 之 Saying   Goodbye 王毅 ： 中国 大陆 地区 唯一 雅思 总分 满分 得主 ， 新 航道 英语 测试 研究 中心 主任 ， 北京 新 航道 学校 雅思 阅读 主讲 Goodbye ,   thecommon   thing   to   say   when   leaving   or   parting   from   someone ,   originated   from   theexpression   God   be   with   you .   Goodbye   can   be   formal   when   it ' s   saidslowly   and   distinctly .   Or ,   it   can   be   casual   when   said   quicly ,   as   G ' bye 。 Many   other   words   and   expressions   are   used   for   saying   goodbye ,   as   shownin   the   following   list .   Note :   Good   night   is   commonly   saidwhen   departing   at   night ,   but   Good   morning ,   Good   afternoon   and   Goodevening   aren ' t   generally   said   when   departing ,   because   they   are   greetings 。 Bye :   short   for   Goodbye 。 Bye - bye :   familiar ,   often   said   to   children 。 Goodnight :   also   G ' night ;   said   atnight 。 Farewell :   formal ;   means   " be   well " So   long :   informal   goodbye See   ya :   short   for   I ' ll   see   yoiu   again ; later   or   around   can   be   added   at   the   end Late :   shor   for   See   you   later 。 ( See   you )   later ,   alligator :   playful   andsilly ;   sometimes   answered   with   After   a   while ,   crocodile 。 The   four   expresssions   that   follow   are   oftenused   to   end   a   conversation   and   signal   that   one   needs   to   leave .   The   examples   areshown   in   the   first   person   ( I )   but   any   pronoun   or   person ' s   name   could   beused .   Often   these   expressions   are   shortened   to   Got   to   go ,   Better   be   going ,   andso   on 。 Possible   Reply I ' ve   got   togo .                                                                                             Okay .   See   ya 。 I ' ve   got   tosplit .                                                                                         Yeah .   Me   too 。 I ' ve   got   to   takeoff .                                                                               Goodtalking   to   you 。 I   had   better   be   going .   ( moreformal )                             Okay ,   nice   to   see   you 。 The   next   four   expressions   are   said   as   awish   of   goodwill   as   people   are   parting 。 Possible   Reply Have   a   goodday .                                                                                     Thanks .   You   too 。 Have   a   goodone .                                                                                     You   too 。 Takecare .                                                                                                         I   will .   You   too 。 Take   iteasy .                                                                                                   Allright .   Talk   to   you   later 。 