9 月 12 日 雅思 作文 真题 及 高分 范文 9 月 12 日 雅思 作文 真题 还原 ( 附 高分 范文 ) Task   1         Table       表格 The   table   below   compares   the   data   of   the   world ' s   large - scale   sea   fishing   industries   and   small - scale   sea   fishing   industries 。 ( number   of   employees ,   annual   catch ,   annual   salary ,   annual   oil   consumption ) Summarise   the   information   by   selecting   and   reporting   the   main   features ,   and   make   comparisons   where   relevant 。 Task   2       教育 类 Caring   for   children   is   probably   the   most   important   thing   of   the   society .   It   is   suggested   that   all   mothers   and   fathers   should   be   required   to   take   the   childcare   training   courses 。 To   what   extent   do   you   agree   or   disagree   with   the   statement ? 高分 范文 参考 ： Children   represent   both   the   present   and   the   future .   In   recent   years ,   there   has   been   a   surge   of   interest   in   transforming   childcare   into   a   formal   subject   of   academic   studies .   Traditional   childcare   skills ,   which   are   passed   on   from   one   generation   to   another   through   oral   and   informal   instruction ,   are   not   sufficient   to   guarantee   quality   care ,   so   parents ’   participation   in   care   training   is   advisable 。 Many   parents   might   be   accustomed   to   the   idea   that   childcare   is   all   about   love ,   but   this   notion   is   misleading .   While   it   is   easy   to   admit   that   parents   are   responsible   to   attend   to   children ’ s   needs ,   it   is   also   important   to   note   that   children   are   too   often   insatiable .   Unlike   adults ,   they   have   no   idea   of   what   their   behaviours   lead   to .   For   example ,   children   are   candy   lovers   without   knowledge   that   candy   can   cause   obesity   and   tooth   damage .   Parents   should   not   respond   to   children ’ s   needs   for   candy   permanently .   Parents   who   give   whatever   children   want ,   known   as   indulgent   parents ,   can   be   blamed   for   their   children ’ s   behaviour   problems   and   unhealthy   habits .   Childcare   training   teaches   parents   how   to   take   a   holistic   approach   to   care   for   their   children   and   prevents   them   from   answering   children ’ s   inappropriate   needs 。 Another   misconceived   idea   of   childcare   is   that   it   is   a   simple   process   of   feeding   children   and   making   them   sleep   regularly .   Contemporary   childcare   is   not   limited   to   this .   Equally   important   for   this   science   are   emotional   and   mental   wellbeing .   For   example ,   some   children ’ s   first   step   comes   earlier   than   other   children ’ s   not   necessarily   because   these   children   have   intake   of   more   nutrition   but   simply   because   they   are   more   intelligent   and   curious   about   the   physical   environment .   Childcare   is   a   complex   science   that   goes   beyond   nutrition .   Whether   parents   have   helped   children   improve   motor   skills   and   cognitive   skills   accounts   for   children ’ s   overall   wellbeing 。 The   points   put   forward   above ,   I   believe ,   offer   some   insights   into   childcare .   Successful   childcare   does   not   lie   only   in   love   but   also   in   skills .   Children ’ s   healthy   development   is   measured   not   only   by   physical   wellbeing   but   also   by   growth   in   other   dimensions .   With   these   borne   in   mind ,   parents   might   now   be   compelled   to   join   childcare   training . 本 文选 自游 文锋 的 博客 ， 点击 查看 原文 。 