名师 指导 ： 远离 蹩脚 英语 之 Understanding 王毅 ： 中国 大陆 地区 唯一 雅思 总分 满分 得主 ， 新 航道 英语 测试 研究 中心 主任 ， 北京 新 航道 学校 雅思 阅读 主讲 UNDERSTANDING Whether   you   are   a   native   English   speaker   ora   non - native   speaker ,   you ’ ll   often   need   to   use   the   phrases   I   don ’ t   understand   and   Do   youunderstand ?   They   are   essential   for   keeping   a   conversation   going ,   sharingideas ,   and   simply   enjoying   clear   communication .   This   section   shows   the   variousexpressions   used   to   check   for   understanding ,   to   say   that   you   don ’ t   understand , or   that   you   do 。 ASKING DO   YOU   UNDERSTAND ? To   ask   if   someone   understands   your   Englishyou   can   just   say   Understand ?   or   youcan   use   one   of   the   following   expressions   for   “ Do   you   understand ? ” The   expressions   in   the   following   list   canbe   used   to   ask   if   someone   understands   something   unfamiliar   or   difficult   or   ifsomeone   understands   one ’ s   meaning   or   point   of   view .   Most   of   these   expressionsmay   be   said   in   a   shortened   version ,   not   using   the   words   shown   in   parentheses . The   shorter   versions   of   these   expressions   are   very   common ,   and   they ’ re   moreslangy   and   familiar 。 Didyou   get   that ? Isthat   clear ? Capeesh ? ( derived   from   the   Italian   word   for   understand ) ( Doyou )   see ? ( Doyou )   get   it   ? ( Haveyou )   got   it ? ( Doyou )   get   the   picture ?   ( means   “ Do   you   understand   thegeneral   idea ? ” ) ( Doesthat )   make   sense ?   ( means   “ Is   it   logical ? ” ) The   following   expressions   can   be   suedinterchangeably   with   many   of   the   ones   in   the   preceding   list ,   but   they   have   someadditional   meanings : ( Areyou )   with   me ?   Can   also   mean   “ Do   you   share   my   view ? ” Seewhat   I   mean ?   Can   also   mean   “ Do   you   understand   theproblem ;   understand   my   meaning   or   viewpoint ? ” ( Doyou )   get   my   drift ?   Means   “ Do   you   understand   whatI ’ m   indirectly   implying ? ” ( Doyou )   see   my   point ?   Means   “ Do   you   understand   myopinion ? ” Am   Imaking   myself   clear ?   Often   said   by   a   person   ofauthority   after   giving   an   order   or   having   a   serious   talk SAYING I   UNDERSTAND You   can   answer   any   of   the   questions   thatcheck   for   understanding   by   turning   the   question   into   a   statement   ( eitherpositive   or   negative ) .   Here   are   a   few   examples : Possible   answer Doyou   get   it ? I   get   it !   Or   Got   it ! Doesthat   make   sense ?                                                                             That   makes   sense 。 Isthat   clear ? That ’ s   clear 。 Seemy   point ? I   don ’ t   see   your   point 。 SAYING I   DIDN ’ T   UNDERSTAND When   one   doesn ’ t   understand ,   there   are   anumber   of   polite   statements   and   short   expressions   that   mean   I   don ’ t   understand 。 I ’ mafraid   I   don ’ t   understand :   I ’ m   afraid   is   a   polite   opener   like   I ’ m   sorry   to   say … I ’ mnot   clear   on   that   or   It ’ s   not   clear :   in   this   context ,   clear   ( on )   means   understanding   or   understandable Idon ’ t   get   it :   get   it   is   slang   for   understand Huh ? Or   What ? : casual   and   familiar   responses Comeagain ? :   means   “ Say   that   again ”   or   “ Explain   thatagain ” How ’ sthat ? :   means   “ Say   that   again ”   or   “ Explain   thatagain ” What ’ sthat ? :   means   “ Say   that   again ”   or   “ Explain   thatagain ” ；   doesn ’ t   mean   “ What   is   that   thing ? ” Say ( that )   again ? :   means   “ Please   repeat   that 。 ” Saywhat ? :   slangy   and   familiar ;   can   be   considered   rude Thatwent   right   over   my   head :   means   “ That ’ s   toodifficult   for   me ” ；   sometimes   said   along   with   a   gesture   of   one ’ s   hand   sweepingpast   the   top   of   one ’ s   head 