烤鸭 必读 ： 8 月 13 日 雅思 阅读 考试 真题 Choice   and   happiness A     Americans   today   choose   among   more   options   in   more   parts   of   life   than   has   ever   been   possible   before .   To   an   extent ,   the   opportunity   to   choose   enhances   our   lives .   It   is   only   logical   to   think   that   if   some   choice   is   good ,   more   is   better ;   people   who   care   about   having   infinite   options   will   benefit   from   them ,   and   those   who   do   not   can   always   just   ignore   the   273   versions   of   cereal   they   have   never   tried .   Yet   recent   research   strongly   suggests   that ,   psychologically ,   this   assumption   is   wrong .   Although   some   choice   is   undoubtedly   better   than   none ,   more   is   not   always   better   than   less 。 B     Recent   research   offers   insight   into   why   many   people   end   up   unhappy   rather   than   pleased   when   their   options   expand .   We   began   by   making   a   distinction   between   " maximizers "   ( those   who   always   aim   to   make   the   best   possible   choice )   and   " satisficers "   ( those   who   aim   for   " good   enough , "   whether   or   not   better   selections   might   be   out   there ) 。 C     In   particular ,   we   composed   a   set   of   statements — the   Maximization   Scale — to   diagnose   people ' s   propensity   to   maximize .   Then   we   had   several   thousand   people   rate   themselves   from   1   to   7   ( from   " completely   disagree "   to   " completely   agree " )   on   such   statements   as   " I   never   settle   for   second   best . "   We   also   evaluated   their   sense ,   of   satisfaction   with   their   decisions .   We   did   not   define   a   sharp   cutoff   to   separate   maximizers   from   satisficers ,   but   in   general ,   we   think   of   individuals   whose   average   scores   are   higher   than   4   ( the   scale ' s   midpoint )   as   maximizers   and   those   whose   scores   are   lower   than   the   midpoint   as   satisficers .   People   who   score   highest   on   the   test — the   greatest   maximizers — engage   in   more   product   comparisons   than   the   lowest   scorers ,   both   before   and   after   they   make   purchasing   decisions ,   and   they   take   longer   to   decide   what   to   buy .   When   satisficers   find   an   item   that   meets   their   standards ,   they   stop   looking .   But   maximizers   exert   enormous   effort   reading   labels ,   checking   out   consumer   magazines   and   trying   new   products .   They   also   spend   more   time   comparing   their   purchasing   decisions   with   those   of   others 。 D     We   found   that   the   greatest   maximizers   are   the   least   happy   with   the   fruits   of   their   efforts .   When   they   compare   themselves   with   others ,   they   get   little   pleasure   from   finding   out   that   they   did   better   and   substantial   dissatisfaction   from   finding   out   that   they   did   worse .   They   are   more   prone   to   experiencing   regret   after   a   purchase ,   and   if   their   acquisition   disappoints   them ,   their   sense   of   well - being   takes   longer   to   recover .   They   also   tend   to   brood   or   ruminate   more   than   satisficers   do 。 E     Does   it   follow   that   maximizers   are   less   happy   in   general   than   satisficers ?   We   tested   this   by   having   people   fill   out   a   variety   of   questionnaires   known   to   be   reliable   indicators   of   well - being .   As   might   be   expected ,   individuals   with   high   maximization   scores   experienced   less   satisfaction   with   life   and   were   less   happy ,   less   optimistic   and   more   depressed   than   people   with   low   maximization   scores .   Indeed ,   those   with   extreme   maximization   ratings   had   depression   scores   that   placed   them   in   the   borderline   clinical   range 。 F     Several   factors   explain   why   more   choice   is   not   always   better   than   less ,   especially   for   maximizers .   High   among   these   are   " opportunity   costs . "   The   quality   of   any   given   option   cannot   be   assessed   in   isolation   from   its   alternatives .   One   of   the   " costs "   of   making   a   selection   is   losing   the   opportunities   that   a   different   option   would   have   afforded .   Thus   an   opportunity   cost   of   vacationing   on   the   beach   in   Cape   Cod   might   be   missing   the   fabulous   restaurants   in   the   Napa   Valley .   If   we   assume   that   opportunity   costs   reduce   the   overall   desirability   of   the   most   preferred   choice ,   then   the   more   alternatives   there   are ,   the   deeper   our   sense   of   loss   will   be   and   the   less   satisfaction   we   will   derive   from   our   ultimate   decision 。 G     The   problem   of   opportunity   costs   will   be   worse   for   a   maximizer   than   for   a   satisficer .   The   latter ' s   " good   enough "   philosophy   can   survive   thoughts   about   opportunity   costs .   In   addition ,   the   " good   enough "   standard   leads   to   much   less   searching   and   inspection   of   alternatives   than   the   maximizer ' s   " best "   standard .   With   fewer   choices   under   consideration ,   a   person   will   have   fewer   opportunity   costs   to   subtract 。 H     Just   as   people   feel   sorrow   about   the   opportunities   they   have   forgone ,   they   may   also   suffer   regret   about   the   option   they   settle   on .   My   colleagues   and   I   devised   a   scale   to   measure   proneness   to   feeling   regret ,   and   we   found   that   people   with   high   sensitivity   to   regret   are   less   happy ,   less   satisfied   with   life ,   less   optimistic   and   more   depressed   than   those   with   low   sensitivity .   Not   surprisingly ,   we   also   found   that   people   with   high   regret   sensitivity   tend   to   be   maximizers .   Indeed ,   we   think   that   worry   over   future   regret   is   a   major   reason   that   individuals   become   maximizers .   The   only   way   to   be   sure   you   will   not   regret   a   decision   is   by   making   the   best   possible   one .   Unfortunately ,   the   more   options   you   have   and   the   more   opportunity   costs   you   incur ,   the   more   likely   you   are   to   experience   regret 。 I     In   a   classic   demonstration   of   the   power   of   sunk   costs ,   people   were   offered   season   subscriptions   to   a   local   theater   company .   Some   were   offered   the   tickets   at   full   price   and   others   at   a   discount .   Then   the   researchers   simply   kept   track   of   how   often   the   ticket   purchasers   actually   attended   the   plays   over   the   course   of   the   season .   Full - price   payers   were   more   likely   to   show   up   at   performances   than   discount   payers .   The   reason   for   this ,   the   investigators   argued ,   was   that   the   full - price   payers   would   experience   more   regret   if   they   did   not   use   the   tickets   because   not   using   the   more   costly   tickets   would   constitute   a   bigger   loss 。 J     LESSONS Choose   when   to   choose 。 We   can   decide   to   restrict   our   options   when   the   decision   is   not   crucial .   For   example ,   make   a   rule   to   visit   no   more   than   two   stores   when   shopping   for   clothing 。 Learn   to   accept   " good   enough . " Settle   for   a   choice   that   meets   your   core   requirements   rather   than   searching   for   the   elusive   " best . "   Then   stop   thinking   about   it 。 Don ' t   worry   about   what   you ' re   missing 。 Consciously   limit   how   much   you   ponder   the   seemingly   attractive   features   of   options   you   reject .   Teach   yourself   to   focus   on   the   positive   parts   of   the   selection   you   make 。 Control   expectations 。 " Don ' t   expect   too   much ,   and   you   won ' t   be   disappointed "   is   a   clich é .   But   that   advice   is   sensible   if   you   want   to   be   more   satisfied   with   life 。 