09 年 12 月 英语 四级 考试 全真 预测 试题 二 ( 文都 ) 大学 英语 四级 考试 全真 预测 试卷 Model   Test   Two Part   I   Writing   ( 30   minutes ) Directions : For   this   part ,   you   are   allowed   30   minutes   to   write   a   composition   on   the   topic   Should   Smoking   Be   Completely   Banned .   You   should   write   at   least   120   words   following   the   outline   given   below   in   Chinese : 1 .   有人 赞同 完全 禁止 吸烟 ， 理由 是 … … 2 .   有人 不 赞同 完全 禁止 吸烟 ， 理由 是 … … 3 .   我 的 看法 。 Should   Smoking   Be   Completely   Banned Part   II     Reading   Comprehension   ( Skimming   and   Scanning ) ( 15   minutes ) Directions : In   this   part ,   you   will   have   15   minutes   to   go   over   the   passage   quickly   and   answer   the   questions   on   Answer   Sheet   1 . For   questions   1 - 7 , choose   the   best   answer   from   the   four   choices   marked   ［ A ］ , ［ B ］ , ［ C ］ and   ［ D ］ .   For   questions   8 - 10 , complete   the   sentences   with   the   information   given   in   the   passage 。 Space Our   Future   in   Space :   It   Has   Already   Begun ! We   are   all   space   travelers .   But   we ’ ve   stayed   close   to   home   until   now .   One   day ,   we   may   leave   our   “ mother ? ship ”   Earth   to   make   our   home   among   the   stars 。 A   giant ,   spherical   “ spaceship ” ，   about   8 , 000   miles   in   diameter ,   is   speeding   through   the   solar   system   right   now .   It   is   cruising   at   an   incredible   66 , 600   miles   per   hour 。 It ’ s   not   a   giant ,   Star   Wars   mother ? ship .   It ’ s   spaceship   Earth ,   the   home   of   over   four   billion   people .   This   water ? coated   spaceship   has   been   traveling   through   the   universe   for   about   five   billion   years .   Only   within   the   past   25   years ,   however ,   have   some   of   its   passengers   broken   free   of   Earth ’ s   gravity 。 But   25   years   from   now ,   many   people ,   including   you ,   might   live   in   an   orbiting   space   station   200   miles   above   the   Earth 。 Space   Cities Scientists   have   already   designed   special   space   factories .   These   factories   will   take   advantage   of   the   absence   of   gravity   ( zero   gravity )   to   produce   everything   from   life - saving   drugs   to   perfect   ball   bearings 。 Other   scientists   have   designed   space   colonies ,   complete   with   farms ,   schools ,   and   artificial   day   and   night .   Hundreds ,   or   even   thousands ,   of   people   will   live ,   work ,   play — even   go   to   school ,   far   above   the   Earth 。 Our   conquest   of   space ,   of   course ,   has   already   begun .   We   have   explored   part   of   the   Moon ,   sent   robot   spaceships   onto   the   surface   of   Venus   and   Mars ,   and   aimed   space   probes   past   the   planets   of   Jupiter   and   Saturn 。 Last   June ,   one   robot   ship ,   Pioneer   10 ,   left   our   solar   system   forever .   And   astronauts   from   both   the   Soviet   Union   and   the   United   States   have   lived   in   space   stations 。 The   conquest   of   space ,   without   question ,   is   one   of   the   greatest   adventures   human   beings   have   ever   set   out   on .   But   it   may   be   more   than   a   great   adventure .   Some   scientists   think   the   conquest   of   space   may   be   a   necessity   for   survival   of   the   human   species 。 We   are   tearing   up   more   and   more   of   the   Earth   to   get   raw   materials   for   industry .   And   we   are   polluting   the   air   and   water   as   we   manufacture   products   that   we   need   or   want .   Almost   everything   that   seems   to   make   our   lives   more   comfortable ,   and   from   electricity   to   pesticides ,   uses   up   or   alters   a   piece   of   our   planet ’ s   natural   environment 。 Why   Go   into   Space ? Yet   our   solar   system   is   full   of   resources .   The   moon   is   chockfull   of   valuable   metals .   So   are   the   asteroids ,   the   small ,   rocky ,   planet - like   bodies   orbiting   the   sun   most   of   them   between   Mars   and   Jupiter .   These   metals ,   if   we   can   get   them ,   could   be   used   to   build   factories   and   space   stations .   Also ,   in   space ,   there   is   no   atmosphere   to   filter   out   the   sun ’ s   energy .   There   is   plenty   of   solar   energy   to   be   turned   into   electricity   for   manufacturing ,   for   creating   comfortable   living   conditions 。 Getting   away   from   Earth   has   other   advantages ,   too .   Modern   industry   uses   many   kinds   of   metal   alloys   ( mixtures   of   metal   that   are   better   for   certain   purposes   than   pure   metals ) .   Yet   some   metal   alloys   either   can ’ t   be   made   or   are   very   expensive   to   make   on   Earth   because   of   gravity .   For   instance ,   certain   metals   don ’ t   mix   well   on   Earth .   But   in   zero   gravity ,   molten   ( hot ,   liquid )   metals   mix   more   evenly .   This   is   because   there   is   no   gravity   to   pull   the   heavier   metals   down ,   while   the   lighter   ones   float   on   top 。 From   space ,   too ,   we   can   look   down   on   the   Earth   and   study   the   atmosphere ,   its   weather ,   and   the   effects   of   air   pollution 。 And   because   there   is   no   strong   gravity   to   break   free   from ,   our   future   homes   away   from   Earth   will   be   convenient   starting   points   for   travel   to   distant   planets 。 But ,   while   going   into   space   might   solve   some   problems ,   outer   space   can   also   be   a   dangerous   place .   For   example ,   in   outer   space ,   we   have   to   protect   ourselves   from   the   dangers   of   ultraviolet   light   and   cosmic   rays .   Ultraviolet   light   from   the   sun   can   give   us   bad   sunburns   right   here   on   Earth .   Yet ,   Earth ’ s   atmosphere   screens   out   most   of   that   harmful   radiation .   Cosmic   rays   are   tiny   high ? energy   particles   from   outer   space .   Again ,   the   Earth   shields   us   from   most   of   them 。 At   Home   in   Space ? But   in   space ,   without   special   protection ,   we   would   be   exposed   to   much   stronger   radiation   from   ultraviolet   light   and   cosmic   rays .   Also ,   in   the   zero   gravity   of   outer   space ,   our   bones   will   lose   calcium   and   become   weaker .   This   will   be   more   of   a   problem   the   longer   people   stay   out   in   space .   Doctors   are   looking   for   a   way   to   keep   our   bones   from   losing   calcium   in   outer   space .   And   a   small   spaceship   just   might   “ drive   you   batty ”   after   a   while .   But   even   on   a   short   trip   in   outer   space ,   you   might   not   feel   as   well   as   you ’ d   like   to .   Space   travel   could   make   you   seasick ! Yet ,   these   risks   won ’ t   keep   people   from   going   into   space .   Eventually ,   an   Earth - like   environment   will   be   built   in   space .   And   they   will   be   populated   by   people   with   many   different   interests :   medicine ,   construction ,   farming ,   teaching ,   mining ,   and   so   on 。 The   next   hundred   years   will   be   filled   with   other   worldly   adventures ,   exciting   scientific   discoveries ,   and   danger ,   as   humans   leave   Earth — perhaps   forever 。 Aging   in   Space Suppose   a   space   traveler   is   moving   at   a   velocity   of   186 , 200   miles   per   second .   For   every   hour   that   passes   for   him ,   30   hours   pass   on   Earth .   If   he   travels   for   a   year   in   this   fashion   ( having   accelerated   instantaneously )   and   then   turns   around   and   comes   back   at   this   speed   ( having   turned   around   instantaneously ) ，   he   will   find   that   while   he   has   seemed   to   himself   to   have   traveled   two   years ,   the   men   on   Earth   would   claim   he   had   been   absent   for   30   years 。 Suppose   the   space   traveler   had   left   at   the   age   of   30 ,   leaving   behind   a   twin   brother   also   aged   30 .   When   he   returned   he   would   be   32 ,   but   his   stay - at - home   twin   brother   would   be   60 .   That   is   why   the   “ clock   paradox ” ，   is   sometimes   called   the   “ twin   paradox ” 。 Of   course   it   takes   quite   a   long   while   to   accelerate   to   a   high   speed ,   and   a   long   while   to   make   a   turn   and   head   back   again ,   so   conditions   aren ’ t   quite   as   clear ? cut   as   just   described 。 1 . The   giant ,   spherical   spaceship   mentioned   in   the   passage   is 。 ［ A ］ the   outer   space ［ B ］ a   man - made   spaceship ［ C ］ the   planet   Earth ［ D ］ the   Star   Wars   mother - ship 2 . Some   persons   have   traveled   into   outer   space   after   conqueringwithin   the   past   25   years 。 ［ A ］ the   universe ［ B ］ Earth ’ s   gravity ［ C ］ the   earth   ［ D ］ outer   space 3 . We   have   explored   or   sent   robot   spaceships   to   the   following   space   except 。 ［ A ］ the   moon ［ B ］ Venus ［ C ］ Jupiter ［ D ］ Mars 4 . Why   is   the   conquest   of   space   more   than   a   great   adventure ? ［ A ］ Because   it   is   full   of   challenges   for   human   beings 。 ［ B ］ Because   it   may   be   necessary   for   human   beings   to   survive 。 ［ C ］ Because   it   is   the   greatest   adventure   in   human   history 。 ［ D ］ Because   it   is   more   exciting   than   any   other   adventures 。 5 . The   moon   and   the   asteroids   are   alike   with   respect   to   their   。 ［ A ］ size   and   moving   ways     ［ B ］ comfortable   living   conditions ［ C ］ rich   and   valuable   metals ［ D ］ solar   energy 6 . Why   can ’ t   ultraviolet   light   scorch   our   skin   on   Earth   as   seriously   as   it   does   in   space   places ? ［ A ］ Because   the   Earth ’ s   atmosphere   can   make   ultraviolet   light   less   harmful 。 ［ B ］ Because   ultraviolet   can ’ t   reach   the   Earth   at   all 。 ［ C ］ Because   the   Earth   is   far   away   from   those   planets   radiating   ultraviolet   light 。 ［ D ］ Because   other   space   places   is   near   from   those   planets   radiating   ultraviolet   light 。 7 . In   spite   of   many   risks ,   scientists   will   finally   buildin   space   suitable   for   humans   to   live 。 ［ A ］ an   environment   without   ultraviolet   light ［ B ］ a   lot   of   homes ［ C ］ an   Earth - like   environment ［ D ］ an   environment   with   atmosphere 8 . The   reason   some   metal   alloys   can ’ t   be   made   on   Earth   is   that   the   heavier   metals   ___________ together   with   the   lighter   ones 。 9 . In   space ,   there   is   no   atmosphere   to   filter   out   the   sun ’ s   energy .   There   is   plenty   of   solar   energy   to   be   turned   into _____________   ,   for   creating   comfortable   living   conditions 。 10 . According   to   the   author , __________________   will   be   caused   to   a   man   in   gravity - free   space 。 