09 年 12 月 英语 四级 考试 预测 试题 四 ( 文都 ) 大学 英语 四级 考试 全真 预测 试卷 Model   Test   Three Part   I   Writing   ( 30   minutes ) Directions :   For   this   part ,   you   are   allowed   30   minutes   to   write   a   composition   on   the   topic   Competition .   You   should   write   at   least   120   words   following   the   outline   given   below   in   Chinese : 1 .   竞争 使 人们 充满 创造力 ， 使 人们 更 有效率 。 2 .   竞争 促使 生产 出 更好 的 产品 和 提供 更 优质 的 服务 。 3 .   竞争 促进 了 社会 的 进一步 发展 。 Competition Part   II   Reading   Comprehension   ( Skimming   and   Scanning )   ( 15   minutes ) Directions :   In   this   part ,   you   will   have   15   minutes   to   go   over   the   passage   quickly   and   answer   the   questions   on   Answer   Sheet   1 . For   questions   1 - 7 ,   mark Y   ( for   YES )   if   the   statement   agrees   with   the   information   given   in   the   passage ; N   ( for   NO )   if   the   statement   contradicts   the   information   given   in   the   passage ; NG   ( for   NOT   GIVEN )   if   the   information   is   not   given   in   the   passage 。 For   questions   8 - 10 ,   complete   the   sentences   with   the   information   given   in   the   passage 。 Earthquake Can   Scientists   Predict   Killer   Earthquakes ? The   date   was   November   23 ,   1980 .   People   near   Naples ,   in   southern   Italy ,   felt   the   Earth   roll   and   shake .   Earthquake !   Suddenly   buildings   came   tumbling   down .   Cracks   appeared   in   the   earth .   Within   minutes ,   entire   towns   were   destroyed .   Thousands   of   people   were   dead .   Thousands   more   were   injured 。 As   rescuers   searched   through   the   rubble ,   many   people   must   have   wondered ,   of   only   the   victims   had   known   ahead   of   time ,   many   lives   could   have   been   saved 。 Actually ,   an   Italian   scientist   did   predict   that   such   a   quake   would   happen .   In   1977   Dr .   M .   Caputo   of   the   Universite   Degiles   Studi   in   Rome   warned   that   a   large   quake   would   soon   strike   the   east   of   Naples .   Unfortunately ,   he   couldn ’ t   predict   the   exact   time   and   date   of   the   quake 。 Dr .   Caputo   made   his   general   prediction   after   talking   with   scientists   at   54   earthquake   monitoring   stations   throughout   Italy .   He   learned   that   many   earthquakes   had   recently   rocked   different   areas   around   Naples .   But   none   had   occurred   in   one   particular   spot   east   of   Naples   for   many   years .   Dr .   Caputo   felt   that   the   area   was   long   overdue   for   a   large   quake .   And   it   was 。 Earthquake   Strikes   in   Gap The   quake   occurred   in   a   region   that   Dr .   Caputo   called   a   seismic   gap .   A   seismic   gap   is   an   area   in   an   active   earthquake   region   where   no   earthquake   or   seismic   activity   has   been   recorded   in   a   long   time .   Seismic   gaps   are   located   where   two   large   plates   in   the   Earth   have   become   stuck 。 When   the   plates   slide   past   each   other ,   they   sometimes   became   locked   in   place .   A   similar   thing   happens   when   you   make   a   running   leap   on   a   sidewalk   while   wearing   sneakers .   When   you   land   on   both   feet ,   the   sneakers   grab   onto   rough   surface .   Friction   tends   to   hold   your   feet   back   while   the   rest   of   your   body   goes   forward .   You   may   end   up   falling   flat   on   your   face 。 In   the   case   of   plates ,   however ,   the   uneven   surfaces   between   the   plates   cause   the   plates   to   remain   locked   in   place   for   years .   Huge   pressure   builds   up   behind   each   plate .   Periodically ,   a   shudder ,   or   tremor ,   is   recorded   as   some   of   this   energy   is   released 。 Finally ,   after   about   50   years ,   rock   in   the   seismic   gap   either   suddenly   breaks   or   moves   under   the   great   stress .   This   sudden   release   of   energy   sends   shock   waves   through   the   rock   layers   above .   The   ground   shakes ,   sidewalks   crack ,   and   buildings   tumble .   A   mighty   quake   has   struck 。 Gaps   Used   To   Predict   Quakes Many   geologists   have   used   what   is   called   the   seismic   gap   technique   to   accurately   predict   earthquakes .   The   technique   was   first   developed   by   Soviet   earthquake   expert   Dr .   V .   Fodotov   during   his   studies   of   ancient   and   recent   Japanese   earthquakes .   Dr .   Fodotov   was   marking   the   location ,   size ,   and   date   of   all   known   quakes   in   Japan   when   he   noticed   a   striking   pattern 。 All   major   earthquakes   were   found   to   occur   in   only   a   few   isolated   spots   in   Japan .   Each   of   these   spots ,   he   noted ,   experienced   a   major   quake   only   once   every   50   to   60   years .   Dr .   Fodotov   concluded   that   spots   that   hadn ? t   had   a   quake   in   more   than   50   years   were   “ ripe ”   for   a   quake .   The   Russian   scientist   named   these   locations   seismic   gaps 。 In   the   past   several   years ,   geologists   from   other   countries   have   found   seismic   gaps   in   other   parts   of   the   world .   After   making   detailed   studies   of   past   quakes   in   these   regions ,   the   geologists   were   able   to   make   an   accurate   prediction   of   when   a   quake   would   occur 。 How   Do   Animals   Know   When   an   Earthquake   Is   Coming ? Scientists   who   try   to   predict   earthquakes   have   gotten   some   new   helpers   recently — animals 。 That ’ s   right ,   animals .   Scientists   have   begun   to   catch   on   to   what   farmers   have   known   for   thousands   of   years .   Animals   often   seem   to   know   in   advance   that   an   earthquake   is   coming ,   and   they   show   their   fear   by   acting   in   strange   ways .   Before   a   Chinese   quake   in   1975 ,   snakes   awoke   from   their   winter   sleep   early   only   to   freeze   to   death   in   the   cold   air .   Cows   broke   their   halters   and   tried   to   escape .   Chickens   refused   to   enter   their   coop .   All   of   this   unusual   behavior ,   as   well   as   physical   changes   in   the   earth ,   alerted   Chinese   scientists   to   the   coming   quake .   They   moved   people   away   from   the   danger   zone   and   saved   thousands   of   lives 。 One   task   for   scientists   today   is   to   learn   exactly   which   types   of   animal   behavior   predict   quakes .   It ’ s   not   an   easy   job .   First   of   all   not   every   animal   reacts   to   the   danger   of   an   earthquake .   Just   before   a   California   quake   in   1977 ,   for   example ,   an   Arabian   stallion   became   very   nervous   and   tried   to   break   out   of   his   stall .   The   horse   next   to   him ,   however ,   remained   perfectly   calm .   It ’ s   also   difficult   at   times   to   tell   the   difference   between   normal   animal   restlessness   and   “ earthquake   nerves ” .   A   zoo   keeper   once   called   earthquake   researchers   to   say   that   his   cougar   had   been   acting   strangely .   It   turned   out   that   the   cat   had   an   upset   stomach 。 A   second   task   for   scientists   is   to   find   out   exactly   what   kind   of   warnings   the   animals   receive .   They   know   that   animals ?   sense   far   more   of   the   world   than   humans   do .   Many   animals   can   see ,   hear ,   and   smell   things   that   people   do   not   even   notice .   Some   can   detect   tiny   changes   in   air   pressure ,   gravity ,   or   the   magnetism   of   Earth .   This   extra   sense   probably   helps   animals   predict   quakes 。 A   good   example   of   this   occurred   with   a   group   of   dogs .   They   were   penned   up   in   an   area   that   was   being   shaken   by   a   series   of   tiny   earthquakes .   ( Several   small   quakes   often   come   before   or   after   a   large   one 。 )   Before   each   quake   a   low   booming   sound   was   heard .   Each   boom   caused   the   dogs   to   bark   wildly .   Then   the   dogs   began   to   bark   during   a   silent   period .   A   scientist   who   was   recording   tile   quakes   looked   at   his   machine .   It   was   acting   as   though   there   were   a   loud   noise   too .   The   scientist   realized   that   the   dogs   had   reacted   to   a   booming   noise .   They   also   sensed   the   tiny   quake   that   followed   it .   The   machine   recorded   both ,   though   humans   felt   and   heard   nothing 。 In   this   case   there   was   a   machine   to   monitor   what   the   dogs   were   sensing .   Many   times ,   however ,   our   machines   record   nothing   out   of   the   ordinary ,   even   though   animals   know   a   quake   is   coming .   The   animals   might   be   sensing   something   we   so   measure   but   do   not   recognize   as   a   warning .   Discovering   what   animals   sense ,   and   learning   how   they   know   it   is   a   danger   signal ,   is   a   job   for   future   scientists 。 1 . Since   no   one   had   predicted   the   precise   date   of   the   earthquake   striking   east   of   Naples ,   people   there   suffered   heavy   loss   in   the   destruction 。 2 . A   seismic   gap   is   located   at   the   junction   of   two   interlocking   plates   in   the   Earth ,   and   where   no   seismic   activity   has   been   recorded   for   a   long   time 。 3 . From   the   passage   we   learn   that   a   regular   striking   pattern   can   be   found   in   an   active   earthquake   region 。 4 . During   an   earthquake   in   China   1975 ,   cows   broke   their   halters   and   ran   away   from   their   sheds 。 5 . As   it   is   used   in   Paragraph   13 ,   the   word   “ cat ”   refers   to   a   typical   domestic   cat 。 6 . All   animals   but   men   can   notice   tiny   changed   in   air   pressure ,   gravity ,   or   the   magnetism   of   Earth 。 7 . The   dogs   mentioned   in   Paragraph   15   had   sensed   both   the   low   booms   and   the   minor   quakes   following   them 。 1 .   ［ Y ］ ［ N ］ ［ NG ］ 2 . ［ Y ］ ［ N ］ ［ NG ］ 3 . ［ Y ］ ［ N ］ ［ NG ］ 4 .   ［ Y ］ ［ N ］ ［ NG ］ 5 . ［ Y ］ ［ N ］ ［ NG ］ 6 . ［ Y ］ ［ N ］ ［ NG ］ 7 .   ［ Y ］ ［ N ］ ［ NG ］ 8 . Dr .   Caputo   based   his   prediction   upon   the   fact   that   lots   of   earthquakes   had   recently   occurred   in   all   areas   around   Naples   but   its ___________ 。 9 . According   to   the   author ’ s   information ,   every   50   years   or   so ,   a   mighty   earthquake   will   be   recorded   at ___________________ 。 10 . Chinese   scientists   evacuated   people   from _____________ after   they   had   noticed   the   strange   behavior   of   some   animals   as   well   as   physical   changes   in   the   earth 。 