新 托福 听力 十大 主题 词汇 分享 之 天文 主题 1         astronomer     n .   天文学家 During   his   own   tenure   as   astronomer   royal ,   from   1720   to   1742 ,   Halley   studiously   tracked   the   moon 。 2       astronomical     a .   天文学 的 ，   天文数字 的 ，   庞大 的 A   man - made   clock   would   certainly   prove   a   useful   accessory   to   astronomical   reckoning   but   could   never   stand   in   its   stead 。 3       astronaut       n .   太空 人 ，   宇航员 ，   太空 旅行者 In   their   most   visible   work ,   astronauts   will   let   loose   a   retrievable   satellite   carrying   a   coffin - sized   inflatable   antenna 。 4       astrology     n .   占星学 ，   占星术 Racing   expert   John   Randall   phoned   a   friend   on   the   £ 1million   astrology   question   on   Monday 。 5       observatory     n .   天文台 ，   气象台 The   accuracy   of   global   field   models   depends   on   the   worldwide   network   of   magnetic   observatories 。 6       telescope     n .   望远镜 Details   on   the   moon ’ s   surface   can   be   seen   through   a   telescope 。 7       solar   system     n .   太阳系 A   less - contrived   example   involves   the   relation   between   Kepler ’ s   theory   of   the   solar   system   and   Newton ’ s 。 8       cosmic   rays     n .   宇宙射线 A   stray   cosmic   ray   might   do   the   same   thing 。 9       cosmos     n .   ( 被 视作 和谐 体系 的 ) 宇宙 Among   the   factors   that   stand   out   in   the   Orphic   construal   of   a   cosmos   is   the   nature   of   time 。 10   interstellar     a .   星际 的 It   is   possible   that   we   have   traces   of   interstellar   dust   in   meteorites 。 11     galaxy     n .   星系 It   starts   at   zero   and   eventually   the   galaxies   are   moving   apart   at   a   steady   speed 。 12   intergalactic     a .   银河 间 的 ，   星系 间 的 Alternatively   the   capsule   might   be   drifting   in   the   weak   gravitational   field   of   intergalactic   space 。 13   The   Milky   Way     n .   银河系 One   reason   to   think   that   the   Milky   Way   had   such   a   meal   several   billion   years   ago   is   its   structure 。 14   The   Big   Bang         n .   宇宙 大 爆炸 The   Big   Bang   theory   is   the   belief   that   the   universe   originated   as   the   result   of   a   large   explosion   of   a   single   mass   of   matter 。 15     comet     n .   彗星 Astronomers   had   accidentally   caught   a   comet   in   the   act   of   turning   into   an   asteroid 。 16   asteroid       n .   小行星 Extraction   of   helium - 3   from   the   surfaces   of   asteroids   is   not   likely   to   compare   with   that   from   the   Moon 。 17     satellite     n .     卫星 ，   人造卫星 One   month   later   a   second   satellite   was   launched   into   a   somewhat   higher   orbit ,   of   between   234   and   244   miles 。 18   meteor     n .     流星 From   time   to   time   Earth   suffers   bombardment   from   meteors   and   comets ,   and   meteoritic   impact   has   been   a   major   planet - shaper   and   climate - modeler 。 19   meteorite     n .     陨石 Some   people   believe   that   dinosaurs   were   destroyed   because   of   the   effects   of   a   gigantic   meteorite 。 20   revolution     n .   旋转 ，   转数 The   planet   rotates   in   the   same   direction   as   its   revolution   around   the   sun 。 21   rotation     n .   旋转 ，   转动 It   takes   243   Earth   days   for   Venus   to   complete   one   rotation 。 22   radiation     n .   放射 ，   发光 ，   辐射 Sensors   detected   a   dangerous   level   of   radiation 。 23   constellation     n .   星座 ，   星群 Scientists   have   discovered   a   new   a   star   in   the   constellation   of   Orion 。 24   cluster     n .   串 ，   束 ，   群       v .   使 成群 ，   聚集 Most   galaxies   are   found   in   clusters   rather   than   in   isolation 。 25   lunar     a .   月球 的 ，   有关 月球 的 The   first   lunar   module   is   now   on   display   at   the   Smithsonian   Air   and   Space   museum   in   Washington 。 26   eclipse     n .   ( 日 ， 月 ) 蚀 No   solar   eclipses   will   be   visible   from   the   United   States   in   1996 ,   and   only   two   will   be   visible   from   Earth 。 27   velocity     n .   速度 ，   迅速 ，   速率 In   addition ,   there   is   no   difference   in   velocity   between   movements   which   are   long   and   those   which   are   short 。 28   corona     n .   日冕 ，   冠状 物 Corona   is   a   circle   of   coloured   light   that   can   sometimes   be   seen   around   the   moon   at   night 。 29   terrestrial     a .   地球 的 ，   陆地 的 ，   地球 上 的 A   statistical   analysis   based   on   this   data   suggests   that   well   over   half   the   stars   are   being   orbited   by   rocky   terrestrial   material 。 30   planetary     a .   行星 的 The   book   lists   all   predictable   astronomical   phenomena   for   the   coming   year ,   such   as   planetary ,   lunar ,   and   eclipse   data 。 31   exploration     n .     考察 ，   勘探 ，   探查 Further   exploration   and   appraisal   drilling   will   be   necessary   to   confirm   the   commercial   potential   for   this   discovery 。 32   hypothesis     n .     假说 ，   假设 ，   前提 ，   猜测 Our   hypothesis   is   that   the   dolphins   ate   contaminated   fish ,   and   this   affected   the   dolphins ’   immune   system 。 33   assume     v .     假定 ，   假设 We   cannot   assume   the   suspects   to   be   guilty   simply   because   they   have   decided   to   remain   silent 。 34   collision     n .     碰撞 ，   冲突 These   airbags   are   designed   to   protect   car   drivers   in   head - on   collisions 。 35   supernova     n .     超新星 Another   theory   suggests   that   a   supernova   explosion   occurred ,   destroying   the   companion   sun   and   scattering   its   material   toward   our   Sun 。 36   nova       n .   新星 Apparently   a   nova   is   a   close   binary   system ,   made   up   of   a   cool ,   normal   star   and   a   White   Dwarf 。 37   light   year       n .   光年 The   Japanese   company   is   light   years   ahead   of   its   European   competitors 。 38   gravitation     n .   万有引力 Newton   worried   about   that   when   his   theory   of   gravitation   required   apparently   instantaneous   interaction   between   two   distant   objects 。 39   nebula       n .   星云 According   to   present - day   ideas ,   a   star   begins   its   career   by   condensing   out   of   a   cloud   of   dust   and   gas   known   as   a   nebula 。 