09 年 12 月 英语六级 模拟 试卷 及 解析 之三 Part   I       Writing ( 30   minutes ) Directions :   For   this   part ,   you   are   allowed   30   minutes   to   write   a   composition   on   the   topic   " Problems   about   Reducing   Students '   Heavy   Burden " .   You   should   write   at   least   150   words ,   and   base   your   composition   on   the   outline   ( given   in   Chinese )   below 。 1 . 目前 学生 负担过重 的 现状 ； 2 . 导致 学生 负担过重 的 原因 ； 3 . 减轻 学生 负担过重 的 措施 。 Part   Ⅱ     Reading   Comprehension   ( Skimming   and   Scanning )     ( 15   minutes ) Soichiro   Honda The   founder   of   Honda ,   Soichiro   Honda   was   a   mechanical   engineer   with   a   passion   for   motorcycle   and   automobile   racing .     Honda   started   his   company   in   1946   by   building   motorized   bicycles   with   small ,   war - surplus   engines .     Honda   would   grow   to   become   the   world ' s   leading   manufacturer   of   motorcycles   and   later   one   of   the   leading   automakers .   Following   its   founder ' s   lead ,   Honda   has   always   been   a   leader   in   technology ,   especially   in   the   area   of   engine   development 。 Soichiro   Honda   was   described   as   a   maverick ( 特立独行 的 人 )   in   a   nation   of   conformists .   He   made   it   a   point   to   wear   loud   suits   and   wildly   colored   shirts .   An   inventor   by   nature   who   often   joined   the   work   on   the   floors   of   his   factories   and   research   laboratories ,   Honda   developed   engines   that   transformed   the   motorcycle   into   a   worldwide   means   of   transportation 。 Born   in   1906 ,   Honda   grew   up   in   the   town   of   Tenryu ,   Japan .   The   eldest   son   of   a   blacksmith   who   repaired   bicycles ,   the   young   Soichiro   had   only   an   elementary   school   education   when ,   in   his   teens ,   he   left   home   to   seek   his   fortune   in   Tokyo .   An   auto   repair   company   hired   him   in   1922 ,   but   for   a   year   he   was   forced   to   serve   as   a   baby - sitter   for   the   auto   shop ' s   owner   and   his   wife .   While   employed   at   the   auto   shop ,   however ,   Honda   built   his   own   racing   car   using   an   old   aircraft   engine   and   handmade   parts   and   participated   in   racing .   His   racing   career   was   short   lived ,   however .   He   suffered   serious   injuries   in   a   1936   crash 。 By   1937 ,   Honda   had   recovered   from   his   injuries .   He   established   his   own   company ,   manufacturing   piston   rings ,   but   he   found   that   he   lacked   a   basic   knowledge   of   casting .   To   obtain   it ,   he   enrolled   in   a   technical   high   school ,   applying   theories   as   he   learned   them   in   the   classrooms   to   his   own   factory .   But   he   did   not   bother   to   take   examinations   at   the   school .   Informed   that   he   would   not   be   graduated ,   Honda   commented   that   a   diploma   was   " worth   less   than   a   movie   theater   ticket .   A   ticket   guarantees   that   you   can   get   into   the   theater .   But   a   diploma   doesn ' t   guarantee   that   you   can   make   a   living . " Honda ' s   burgeoning   company   mass   produced   metal   propellers   during   WW   Ⅱ ,   replacing   wooden   ones .   Allied   bombing   and   an   earthquake   destroyed   most   of   his   factory   and   he   sold   what   was   left   to   Toyota   in   1945 . In   1946 ,   he   established   the   Honda   Technical   Research   Institute   to   motorize   bicycles   with   small ,   war - surplus   engines .   These   bikes   became   very   popular   in   Japan .   The   institute   soon   began   making   engines .   Renamed   Honda   Motor   in   1948 ,   the   company   began   manufacturing   motorcycles .   Business   executive   Takeo   Fujisawa   was   hired   to   manage   the   company   while   Honda   focused   on   engineering 。 In   1951 ,   Honda   brought   out   the   Dream   Type   E   motorcycle ,   which   proved   an   immediate   success   thanks   to   Honda ' s   innovative   overhead   valve   design ,   The   smaller   F - type   cub   ( 1952 )   accounted   for   70%   of   Japan ' s   motorcycle   production   by   the   end   of   that   year .   A   public   offering   and   support   from   Mitsubishi   Bank   allowed   Honda   to   expand   and   begin   exporting .   The   versatile   C100   Super   Cub ,   released   in   1958 ,   became   an   international   bestseller 。 In   1959 ,   the   American   Honda   Motor   was   founded   and   soon   began   using   the   slogan ,   " You   meet   the   nicest   people   on   a   Honda , "   to   offset   the   stereotype   of   motorcyclists   during   that   period .   Though   the   small   bikes   were   dismissed   by   the   dominant   American   and   British   manufacturers   of   the   time ,   the   inexpensive   imports   brought   new   riders   into   motorcycling   and   changed   the   industry   forever   in   the   United   States 。 Ever   the   racing   enthusiast ,   Honda   began   entering   his   company ' s   motorcycles   in   domestic   Japanese   races   during   the   1950s .   In   the   mid - 1950s ,   Honda   declared   that   his   company   would   someday   win   world   championship   events - - a   declaration   that   seemed   unrealistic   at   the   time 。 In   June   1959 ,   the   Honda   racing   team   brought   their   first   motorbike   to   compete   in   the   Isle   of   Man   Tourist   Trophy   race ,   then   the   world ' s   most   popular   motorcycle   race .   This   was   the   first   entry   by   a   Japanese   team .   With   riders   Naomi   Taniguchi ,   who   finished   sixth ,   Teisuke   Tanaka ,   who   finished   eighth ,   and   Kiyoshi   Kawashima ,   who   would   later   succeed   Soichiro   as   Honda   Motor   president ,   as   team   manager ,   Honda   won   the   manufacturer ' s   prize 。 However ,   they   were   not   pleased   with   their   performance .   Kawashima   remembers :   " We   were   clobbered .   Our   horsepower   was   less   than   half   that   of   the   winner . " Learning   from   this   experience ,   Soichiro   and   his   team   worked   even   harder   to   make   rapid   progress   in   their   motorsports   activities .   Two   years   after   their   first   failure ,   they   were   the   sensation   at   the   TT   by   capturing   the   first   five   places   in   both   the   125ce   and   250cc   classes .   The   upstart   Japanese   had   outclassed   all   their   rivals .   As   a   result   of   the   team ' s   stellar   performance ,   the   Honda   name   became   well   known   worldwide ,   and   its   export   volume   rose   dramatically .   Soichiro   seemed   to   have   foreseen   the   future   of   Japan ,   which ,   twenty   years   later ,   was   to   become   one   of   the   world ' s   leading   economies 。 Honda   would   become   the   most   successful   manufacturer   in   all   of   motorcycle   racing .   Honda   has   since   won   hundreds   of   national   and   world   championships   in   all   forms   of   motorcycle   competition 。 While   Honda   oversaw   a   worldwide   company   by   the   early - 1970s   ( Honda   entered   the   automobile   market   in   1967 ) ，   he   never   shied   away   from   getting   his   hands   greasy .   Sol   Sanders ,   author   of   a   Honda   biography ,   said   Honda   appeared   " almost   daily "   at   the   research   lab   where   development   work   was   being   done .   Even   as   president   of   the   company ,   " he   worked   as   one   of   the   researchers , '   Sanders   quoted   a   Honda   engineer   as   saying .   " Whenever   we   encountered   a   problem ,   he   studied   it   along   with   us . " In   1973 ,   Honda ,   at   67 ,   retired   on   the   25th   anniversary   of   Honda ' s   founding .   He   declared   his   conviction   that   Honda   should   remain   a   youthful   company .   " Honda   has   always   moved   ahead   of   the   times ,   and   I   attribute   its   success   to   the   fact   that   the   firm   possesses   dreams   and   youthfulness , "   Honda   said   at   the   time 。 Unlike   most   chief   executive   officers   in   Japan ,   who   step   down   to   become   chairmen   of   their   firms ,   Honda   retained   onty   the   title   of   " supreme   adviser " .   In   retirement ,   Honda   devoted   himself   to   public   service   and   frequent   travel   abroad .   He   received   the   Order   of   the   Sacred   Treasure ,   first   class ,   the   highest   honor   bestowed   by   Japan ' s   emperor .     He   also   received   the   American   auto   industry ' s   highest   award   when   he   was   admitted   to   the   Automotive   Hall   of   Fame   in   1989 .   Honda   was   awarded   the   AMA ' s   highest   honor ,   the   Dud   Perkins   Award ,   in   1971 . Honda   died   on   August   5 ,   1991   from   liver   failure   at   84 .   His   wife ,   Sachi ,   and   three   children   survived   him 。 1 .   Soichiro   Honda   was   a   man   who   preferred   to   wear   plain   clothes 。 2 .   When   enrolled   in   a   technical   high   school   to   obtain   basic   knowledge   of   casting ,   Soichiro   Honda   finally   got   the   diploma   after   attending   the   examinations 。 3 .   Like   most   chief   executive   officers   in   Japan ,   Soichiro   Honda   Stepped   down   to   become   chairmen   of   Honda   after   his   retirement 。 4 .   Even   as   the   president   of   a   worldwide   company ,   Soichiro   Honda   would   work   at   the   research   lab   with   the   employees 。 5 .   Following   its   founder ' s   lead ,   Honda   has   always   been   a   leader   in   technology ,   especially   in   the   area   of   ______ 。 6 .   After   WW   Ⅱ ,   Honda   mounted   ______   on   bicycles   and   these   motorized   bicycles   sold   rapidly   in   Japan 。 7 .   A   public   offering   and   support   from   ______   allowed   Honda   to   expand   his   business   and   begin   to   invade   the   international   market 。 8 .   In   1959 ,   the   American   Honda   Motor   used   the   slogan , "   ______ "   to   change   the   negative   image   of   motorcyclists   in   America 。 9 .   In   1959   with   their   first   motorbike   Honda   racing   team   participate   in   ______   race ,   which   was   the   most   popular   motorcycle   race   at   that   time 。 10 .   According   to   Honda ,   ______   are ,   the   major   factors   that   led   to   the   success   of   Honda   company 。 