09 年 12 月 大学 英语六级 模拟 冲刺 试卷 ( 新东方 ) Part   I   Writing   ( 30   minutes ) 注意 ： 此 部分 试题 在 答题卡 1   上 。 Part   II   Reading   Comprehension ( Skimming   and   Scanning )   ( 15   minutes ) Directions :   In   this   part ,   you   will   have   15   minutes   to   go   over   the   passage   quickly   and   answer   the   questions   on   Answer   Sheet   1 .   For   questions   1 - 7 ,   choose   the   best   answer   from   the   four   choices   marked   A ) ，   B ) ，   C ) ，   and   D ) .   For   questions   8 - 10 ,   complete   the   sentences   with   the   information   given   in   the   passage 。 How   Marketers   Target   Kids Kids   represent   an   important   demographic   to   marketers   because   they   have   their   own   purchasing   power ,   they   influence   their   parents ’   buying   decisions   and   they   are   the   adult   consumers   of   the   future 。 Industry   spending   on   advertising   to   children   has   exploded   in   the   past   decade ,   increasing   from   a   mere   $ 100   million   in   1990   to   more   than   $ 2   billion   in   2000 . Parents   today   are   willing   to   buy   more   for   their   kids   because   trends   such   as   smaller   family   size ,   dual   incomes   and   postponing   children   until   later   in   life   mean   that   families   have   more   disposable   income . As   well ,   guilt   can   play   a   role   in   spending   decisions   as   time - stressed   parents   substitute   material   goods   for   time   spent   with   their   kids 。 Here   are   some   of   the   strategies   marketers   employ   to   target   kids : Pester ( 纠缠 ) Power Today ’ s   kids   have   more   autonomy   and   decision - making   power   within   the   family   than   in   previous   generations ,   so   it   follows   that   kids   are   vocal   about   what   they   want   their   parents   to   buy .   “ Pester   power ”   refers   to   children ’ s   ability   to   nag   their   parents   into   purchasing   items   they   may   not   otherwise   buy .   Marketing   to   children   is   all   about   creating   pester   power ,   because   advertisers   know   what   a   powerful   force   it   can   be 。 According   to   the   2001   marketing   industry   book   Kidfluence ,   pestering   or   nagging   can   be   divided   into   two   categories — “ persistence ”   and   “ importance 。 ”   Persistence   nagging   ( a   plea , that   is   repeated   over   and   over   again )   is   not   as   effective   as   the   more   sophisticated   “ importance   nagging 。 ”   This   latter   method   appeals   to   parents ’   desire   to   provide   the   best   for   their   children ,   and   plays   on   any   guilt   they   may   have   about   not   having   enough   time   for   their   kids 。 The   Marriage   of   Psychology   and   Marketing To   effectively   market   to   children ,   advertisers   need   to   know   what   makes   kids   tick .   With   the   help   of   well - paid   researchers   and   psychologists ,   advertisers   now   have   access   to   in - depth   knowledge   about   children ’ s   developmental ,   emotional   and   social   needs   at   different   ages .   Using   research   that   analyzes   children ’ s   behaviour ,   fantasy   lives ,   art   work ,   even   their   dreams ,   companies   are   able   to   craft   sophisticated   marketing   strategies   to   reach   young   people 。 The   issue   of   using   child   psychologists   to   help   marketers   target   kids   gained   widespread   public   attention   in   1999 ,   when   a   group   of   U . S .   mental   health   professionals   issued   a   public   letter   to   the   American   Psychological   Association   ( APA )   urging   them   to   declare   the   practice   unethical .   The   APA   is   currently   studying   the   issue 。 Building   Brand   Name   Loyalty Canadian   author   Naomi   Klein   tracks   the   birth   of   “ brand ”   marketing   in   her   2000   book   No   Logo . According   to   Klein ,   the   mid - 1980s   saw   the   birth   of   a   new   kind   of   corporation — Nike ,   Calvin   Klein , Tommy   Hilfiger ,   to   name   a   few — which   changed   their   primary   corporate   focus   from   producing   products   to   creating   an   image   for   their   brand   name .   By   moving   their   manufacturing   operations   to   countries   with   cheap   labour ,   they   freed   up   money   to   create   their   powerful   marketing   messages .   It   has   been   a   tremendously   profitable   formula ,   and   has   led   to   the   creation   of   some   of   the   most   wealthy   and   powerful   multi - national   corporations   the   world   has   seen 。 Marketers   plant   the   seeds   of   brand   recognition   in   very   young   children ,   in   the   hopes   that   the   seeds   will   grow   into   lifetime   relationships .   According   to   the   Center   for   a   New   American   Dream ,   babies   as   young   as   six   months   of   age   can   form   mental   images   of   corporate   logos   and   mascots .   Brand   loyalties   can   be   established   as   early   as   age   two ,   and   by   the   time   children   head   off   to   school   most   can   recognize   hundreds   of   brand   logos .   While   fast   food ,   toy   and   clothing   companies   have   been   cultivating   brand   recognition   in   children   for   years ,   adult - oriented   businesses   such   as   banks   and   automakers   are   now   getting   in   on   the   act 。 Buzz   or   Street   Marketing The   challenge   for   marketers   is   to   cut   through   the   intense   advertising   clutter   (   杂乱 )   in   young   people ’ s   lives .   Many   companies   are   using   “ buzz   marketing ”   — a   new   twist   on   the   tried - and - true   “ word   of   mouth ”   method .   The   idea   is   to   find   the   coolest   kids   in   a   community   and   have   them   use   or   wear   your   product   in   order   to   create   a   buzz   around   it .   Buzz ,   or   “ street   marketing , ”   as   it ’ s   also   called ,   can   help   a   company   to   successfully   connect   with   the   elusive   (   难 找 的 )   teen   market   by   using   trendsetters   to   give   them   products   “ cool ”   status 。 Buzz   marketing   is   particularly   well - suited   to   the   Internet ,   where   young   “ Net   promoters ”   use   chat   rooms   and   blogs   to   spread   the   word   about   music ,   clothes   and   other   products   among   unsuspecting   users 。 Commercialization   in   Education School   used   to   be   a   place   where   children   were   protected   from   the   advertising   and   consumer   messages   that   permeated   their   world — but   not   anymore .   Budget   shortfalls   (   亏空 ， 差额 )   are   forcing   school   boards   to   allow   corporations   access   to   students   in   exchange   for   badly   needed   cash ,   computers   and   educational   materials 。 Corporations   realize   the   power   of   the   school   environment   for   promoting   their   name   and   products . A   school   setting   delivers   a   captive   youth   audience   and   implies   the   endorsement   of   teachers   and   the   educational   system .   Marketers   are   eagerly   exploiting   this   medium   in   a   number   of   ways ,   including : ●   Sponsored   educational   materials 。 ●   Supplying   schools   with   technology   in   exchange   for   high   company   visibility 。 ●   Advertising   posted   in   classrooms ,   school   buses ,   on   computers   in   exchange   for   funds 。 ●   Contests   and   incentive   programs :   for   example ,   the   Pizza   Hut   reading   incentives   program   in   which   children   receive   certificates   for   free   pizza   if   they   achieve   a   monthly   reading   goal 。 ●   Sponsoring   school   events 。 