09 年 12 月 英语六级 模拟 试卷 及 解析 之一 ( 文都 ) Part   I     Writing   ( 30   minutes ) Directions :   For   this   part ,   you   are   allowed   30   minutes   to   write   a   short   essay   entitled   Say   No   to   Pirated   Products .   You   should   write   at   least   150   words   following   the   outline   given   below 。 1 . 目前 盗版 的 现象 比较严重 ； 2 . 造成 这种 现象 的 原因 及其 危害 ； 3 . 我们 应该 怎么 做 。 Useful   words   and   expressions ： 盗         版 ： piracy ( n 。 ) 盗版 产品 ： pirated   products 知识产权 ： intellectual   property   rights 侵犯 版权 ： infringe   sb . ' s   copyright ； copyright   infringement Part   Ⅱ Reading   Comprehension   ( Skimming   and   Scanning )     ( 15   minutes ) Directions :   In   this   part ,   you   will   have   15   minutes   to   go   over   the   passage   quickly   and   answer   the   questions   on   the   Answer   Sheet 。 For   questions   I   -   4 ,   mark Y (   for   YES )                           if   the   statement   agrees   with   the   information   given   in   the   passage ; N (   for   NO )                             if   the   statement   contradicts   the   information   given   in   the   passage ; NG (   for   NOT   GIVEN )             if   the   information   is   not   given   in   the   passage 。 For   questions   5 - 10 ,   complete   the   sentences   with   the   information   given   in   the   passage 。 Rain   forests Tropical   rainforests   are   the   most   diverse   ecosystem   ( 生态系统 )   on   Earth ,   and   also   the   oldest .   Today ,   tropical   rainforests   cover   only   6   percent   of   the   Earth ' s   ground   surface ,   but   they   are   home   to   over   half   of   the   planet ’ s   plant   and   animal   species 。 What   Is   a   Rainforest ? Generally   speaking ,   a   rainforest   is   an   environment   that   receives   high   rainfall   and   is   dominated   by   tall   trees .   A   wide   range   of   ecosystems   fall   into   this   category ,   of   course .   But   most   of   the   time   when   people   talk   about   rainforests ,   they   mean   the   tropical   rainforests   located   near   the   equator 。 These   forests   receive   between   160   and   400   inches   of   rain   per   year .   The   total   annual   rainfall   is   spread   pretty   evenly   throughout   the   year ,   and   the   temperature   rarely   dips   below   60   degrees   Fahrenheit 。 This   steady   climate   is   due   to   the   position   of   rainforests   on   the   globe .   Because   of   the   orientation   of   the   Earth ' s   axis ,   the   Northern   and   Southern   hemispheres   each   spend   part   of   the   year   tilted   away   from   the   sun .   Since   rainforests   are   at   the   middle   of   the   globe ,   located   near   the   equator ,   they   arc   not   especially   affected   by   this   change .   They   receive   nearly   the   same   amount   of   sunlight ,   and   therefore   heat ,   all   year .   Consequently ,   the   weather   in   these   regions   remains   fairly   constant 。 The   consistently   wet ,   warm   weather   and   ample   sunlight   give   plant   life   everything   it   needs   to   thrive .   Trees   have   the   resources   to   grow   to   tremendous   heights ,   and   they   live   for   hundreds ,   even   thousands ,   of   years .   These   giants ,   which   reach   60   to   150   ft   in   the   air ,   form   the   basic   structure   of   the   rainforest .   Their   top   branches   spread   wide   in   order   to   capture   maximum   sunlight .   This   creates   a   thick   canopy   ( 树冠 )   level   at   the   top   of   the   forest ,   with   thinner   greenery   levels   underneath .   Some   large   trees   grow   so   tall   that   they   even   tower   over   the   canopy   layer 。 As   you   go   lower ,   down   into   the   rainforest ,   you   find   less   and   less   greenery .   The   forest   floor   is   made   up   of   moss ,   fungi ,   and   decaying   plant   matter   that   has   fallen   from   the   upper   layers .   The   reason   for   this   decrease   in   greenery   is   very   simple   the   overabundance   of   plants   gathering   sunlight   at   the   top   of   the   forest   blocks   most   sunlight   from   reaching   the   bottom   of   the   forest ,   making   it   difficult   for   robust   plants   to   thrive 。 The ,   Forest   for   the   Trees The   ample   sunlight   and   extremely   wet   climate   of   many   tropical   areas   encourage   the   growth   of   towering   trees   with   wide   canopies .   This   thick   top   layer   of   the   rainforest   dictates   the   lives   of   all   other   plants   in   the   forest .   New   tree   seedlings   rarely   survive   to   make   it   to   the   top   unless   some   older   trees   die ,   creating   a   " hole "   in   the   canopy .   When   this   happens ,   all   of   the   seedlings   on   the   ground   level   compete   intensely   to   reach   the   sunlight 。 Many   plant   species   reach   the   top   of   the   forest   by   climbing   the   tall   trees .   It   is   much   easier   to   ascend   this   way ,   because   the   plant   doesn ' t   have   to   form   its   own   supporting   structure 。 Some   plant   species ,   called   epiphytes ,   grow   directly   on   the   surface   of   the   giant   trees .   These   plants ,   which   include   a   variety   of   orchids   and   ferns ,   make   up   much   of   the   understory ,   the   layer   of   the   rainforest   right   below   the   canopy .   Epiphytes   are   close   enough   to   the   top   to   receive   adequate   light ,   and   the   runoff   from   the   canopy   layer   provides   all   the   water   and   nutrients ( 养分 ) they   need ,   which   is   important   since   they   don ' t   have   access   to   the   nutrients   in   the   ground 。 Stranglers   and   Buttresses Some   epiphytes   eventually   develop   into   stranglers .   They   grow   long ,   thick   roots   that   extend   down   the   tree   trunk   into   the   ground .   As   they   continue   to   grow ,   the   roots   form   a   sort   of   web   structure   all   around   the   tree .   At   the   same   time ,   the   strangler   plant ' s   branches   extend   upward ,   spreading   out   into   the   canopy .   Eventually ,   the   strangler   may   block   so   much   light   from   above ,   and   absorb   such   a   high   percentage   of   nutrients   from   the   ground   below ,   that   the   host   tree   dies 。 Competition   over   nutrients   is   almost   as   intense   as   competition   for   light .   The   excessive   rainfall   rapidly   dissolves   nutrients   in   the   soil   making   it   relatively   infertile   except   at   the   top   layers .   For   this   reason ,   rainforest   tree   roots   grow   outward   to   cover   a   wider   area ,   rather   than   downward   to   lower   levels .   This   makes   rainforest   trees   somewhat   unstable ,   since   they   don ' t   have   very   strong   anchors   in   the   ground .   Some   trees   compensate   for   this   by   growing   natural   buttresses .   These   buttresses   are   basically   tree   trunks   that   extend   out   from   the   side   of   the   tree   and   clown   to   the   ground ,   giving   the   tree   additional   support 。 Rainforest   trees   are   dependent   on   bacteria   that   are   continually   producing   nutrients   in   the   ground .   Rainforest   bacteria   and   trees   have   a   very   close ,   symbiotic   ( 共生 的 )   relationship .   The   trees   provide   the   bacteria   with   food ,   in   the   form   of   fallen   leaves   and   other   material ,   and   the   bacteria   break   this   material   down   into   the   nutrients   that   the   trees   need   to   survive 。 One   of   the   most   remarkable   things   about   rainforest   plant   life   is   its   diversity .   The   temperate   rainforests   of   the   Pacific   Northwest   are   mainly   composed   of   a   dozen   or   so   tree   species .   A   tropical   rainforest ,   on   the   other   hand ,   might   have   300   distinct   tree   species 。 All   Creatures ,   Great   and   Small Rainforests   are   home   to   the   majority   of   animal   species   in   the   world .   And   a   great   number   of   species   who   now   live   in   other   environments ,   including   humans ,   originally   inhabited   the   rainforests .   Researchers   estimate   that   in   a   large   rainforest   area ,   there   may   be   more   than   10   million   different   animal   species 。 Most   of   these   species   have   adapted   for   life   in   the   upper   levels   of   the   rainforest ,   where   food   is   most   plentiful .   Insects ,   which   can   easily   climb   or   fly   from   tree   to   tree ,   make   up   the   largest   group   ( ants   are   the   most   abundant   animal   in   the   rainforest ) .   Insect   species   have   a   highly   symbiotic   relationship   with   the   plant   life   in   a   rainforest .   The   insects   move   from   plant   to   plant ,   enjoying   the   wealth   of   food   provided   there .   As   they   travel ,   the   insects   may   pick   up   the   plants '   seeds ,   dropping   them   some   distance   away .   This   helps   to   disperse   the   population   of   the   plant   species   over   a   larger   area 。 The   numerous   birds   of   the   rainforest   also   play   a   major   part   in   seed   dispersal .   When   they   eat   fruit   from   a   plant ,   the   seeds   pass   through   their   digestive   system .   By   the   time   they   excrete   ( 排泄 )   the   seeds ,   the   birds   may   have   flown   many   miles   away   from   the   fruit - bearing   tree 。 There   are   also   a   large   number   of   reptiles   and   mammals   in   the   rainforest .   Since   the   weather   is   so   hot   and   humid   during   the   day ,   most   rainforest   mammals   are   active   only   at   night ,   dusk   or   dawn .   The   many   rainforest   bat   species   are   especially   well   adapted   for   this   lifestyle .   Using   their   sonar ,   bats   navigate   easily   through   the   mass   of   trees   in   the   rainforest ,   feeding   on   insects   and   fruit 。 While   most   rainforest   species   spend   their   lives   in   the   trees ,   there   is   also   a   lot   of   life   on   the   forest   floor .   Great   apes ,   wild   pigs ,   big   cats   and   even   elephants   can   all   be   found   in   rainforests .   There   are   a   number   of   people   who   live   in   the   rainforests ,   as   well .   These   tribes - - which ,   up   until   recently ,   numbered   in   the   thousands - - are   being   forced   out   of   the   rainforests   at   an   alarming   rate   because   of   deforestation 。 Deforestation In   the   past   hundred   years ,   humans   have   begun   destroying   rainforests   at   an   alarming   rate .   Today ,   roughly   1.5   acres   of   rainforest   are   destroyed   every   second .   People   are   cutting   down   the   rainforests   in   pursuit   of   three   major   resources : ·   land   for   crops ·   lumber   for   paper   and   other   wood   products ·   land   for   livestock   pastures In   the   current   economy ,   people   obviously   have   a   need   for   all   of   these   resources .   But   almost   all   experts   agree   that ,   over   time ,   we   will   suffer   much   more   from   the   destruction   of   the   rainforests   than   we   will   benefit 。 The   world ' s   rainforests   are   an   extremely   valuable   natural   resource ,   to   be   sure ,   but   not   for   their   lumber   or   their   land .   They   are   the   main   cradle   of   life   on   Earth ,   and   they   hold   millions   of   unique   life   forms   that   we   have   yet   to   discover .     Destroying   the   rainforests   is   comparable   to   destroying   an   unknown   planet   we   have   no   idea   what   we ' re   losing .   If   deforestation   continues   at   its   current   rate ,   the   world ' s   tropical   rainforests   will   be   wiped   out   within   40   years 。 1 .   Virtually   all   plant   and   animal   species   on   Earth   can   be   found   in   tropical   rainforests 。 2 .   There   is   not   much   change   in   the   weather   in   the   tropical   rainforests   all   the   year   round 。 3 .   The   largest   number   of   rainforests   in   the   world   are   located   on   the   African   continent 。 4 .   Below   the   canopy   level   of   a   tropical   rainforest   grows   an   overabundance   of   plants 。 5 .   New   tree   seedlings   will   not   survive   to   reach   the   canopy   level   unless   ______ 。 6 .   Epiphytes ,   which   form   much   of   the   understory   of   the   rainforest ,   get   all   their   water   and   nutrients   from   ______ 。 7 .   Stranglers   are   so   called   because   they   ______   by   blocking   the   sunlight   and   competing   for   the   nutrients 。 8 .   Since   rainforest   bacteria   and   trees   depend   on   each   other   for   life ,   the   relationship   they   form   is   termed   ______ 。 9 .   Plant   species   are   dispersed   over   a   large   area   with   the   help   of   ______ 。 10 .   As   we   are   still   ignorant   of   millions   of   unique   life   forms   in   the   rainforest ,   deforestation   can   be   compared   to   the   destruction   of   ______ 。 