09 年 12 月 六级 模拟 试卷 及 解析 之六 ( 文都 ) Part   I         Writing         ( 30   minutes ) Directions :   For   this   part ,   you   are   allowed   30   minutes   to   write   a   short   essay   entitled   on   Graduate   Mania .   You   should   write   at   least   150   words   following   the   outline   given   below 。 1 .   目前 很多 人 报考 研究生 ； 2 .   你 认为 此 现象 的 原因 是 什么 ； 3 .   你 的 看法 。 Part   Ⅱ   Reading   Comprehension   ( Skimming   and   Scanning )     ( 15   minutes ) Preparing   for   Weight   Loss   Surgery For   those   who   consider   weight   loss   surgery ,   they   are   at   the   end   of   their   ropes .   Traditional   methods   of   diet   and   exercise   have   had   no   effect ,   and   this   procedure   is   a   last   resort .   But   by   no   means   is   the   leap   from   thinking   about   weight   loss   surgery   to   the   operating   table   a   short   one 。 " People   need   to   be   aware ,   in   great   detail ,   of   the   risk   and   benefits   of   weight   loss   surgery   so   they   understand   what   it   is   all   about , "   says   Harvey   J .   Sugerman ,   president   of   the   American   Society   for   Bariatric   Surgery .   " The   procedure   is   not   without   risk ,   and   there   is   a   great   deal   of   anxiety   that   comes   with   it ,   so   it   takes   considerable   preparation . " From   checking   on   insurance   coverage   to   psychological   exams   to   support   groups ,   preparing   for   this   life - changing   procedure   takes   time ,   physical   and   mental   readiness ,   and   most   of   all ,   commitment 。 First   Steps " From   the   time   a   person   first   thinks   about   having   weight   loss   surgery ,   to   the   time   they   make   the   commitment   to   have   it   done   is   typically   about   two   years , "   says   James   Kolenich ,   a   bariatric   surgeon   at   the   University   of   Pennsylvania   Medical   Center ,   Horizon .   " Most   people   don ' t   rush   into   this ,   they   talk   to   family   and   friends ,   they   talk   to   the   hospital ,   they   go   home   and   they   think   about   it   more ;   it ' s   usually   a   very   thoughtful   approach . " More   than   60   million   obese   people   are   living   in   the   U .   S .   ,   according   to   the   American   Obesity   Association   ( AOA ) ，   and   about   9   million   are   severely   obese .   Weight   loss   surgery ,   also   called   bariatric   surgery ,   can   be   successful   when   diet   and   exercise   have   failed ,   and   a   person ' s   health   is   on   the   line .   Overweight   is   the   second   leading   cause   of   preventable   death ,   after   smoking ,   in   the   U .   S .   ,   according   to   the   AOA 。 " The   first   thing   a   person   should   do   is   contact   his   insurance   company   to   learn   if   he   is   covered   for   the   surgery ,   and   he   should   contact   his   primary   care   doctor   to   find   out   if   there   is   documentation   of   his   struggle   with   obesity , "   says   Kolenich .   " Many   insurance   companies   want   to   know   that   a   primary   care   doctor   has   tried   to   help   the   patient   lose   weight   with   psychological   counseling ,   diet ,   and   an   exercise   plan   for   five   years ,   and   for   many   patients ,   this   is   a   big   road   block . " While   there   are   other   options ,   such   as   personally   financing   the   procedure ,   they   are   costly :   The   National   Institute   of   Diabetes   and   Digestive   and   Kidney   Diseases   web   site   states   that   this   procedure   can   run   from   $   20 , 000   to   $   35 , 000 . With   such   a   hefty   price   tag   on   weight   loss   surgery ,   it   pays   to   ensure   that   your   doctor   documents   your   battle   with   obesity   early   on ,   to   open   up   options   down   the   road .   When   you ' ve   crossed   all   your   is   and   dotted   all   your   is   in   the   insurance   category ,   it   is   time   to   find   a   hospital   or   center ,   and   a   surgeon ,   which   are   first - rate 。 Finding   a   Batiatric   Surgeon " When   you ' re   looking   for   a   surgeon ,   ask   if   he   or   she   is   board - certified   by   the   American   Board   of   Surgery , "   says   Kotenich .   " Is   he   a   member   of   the   American   Society   of   Bariatrie   Surgeons ?   What   is   the   mortality   rate   of   the   surgeon ,   the   morbidity   rate ,   the   success   rate ? " Clearly ,   the   surgeon   you   find   should   be   well   experienced   in   the   area   of   weight   loss   surgery 。 " Make   sure   the   surgeon   you   choose   is   an   experienced   and   qualified   bariatrie   surgeon , "   says   Daniel   Herren ,   chief   of   bariatric   surgery   at   Mt .   Sinai   Hospital   in   New   York .   " It ' s   clear   that   the   more   experienced   the   surgeon ,   the   lower   the   risk   of   mortality .   Ideally ,   you   would   prefer   to   find   a   surgeon   who   has   performed   at   least   100   of   these   procedures . " What   you   are   looking   for   doesn ' t   stop   with   numbers   and   statistics - - you   will   also   need   a   support   system ,   Look   for   a   center   or   hospital   that   offers   educational   seminars   to   those   who   are   just   beginning   the   process   so   you   can   learn   more   about   the   actual   procedure ,   the   benefits ,   and   the   risks .   Also   look   for   support   groups ,   that   can   be   utilized   pre -   and   post - operatively 。 Preparing   for   Weight   Loss   Surgery " The   single   most   important   factor   is   that   they   have   to   realize   the   surgery   is   not   a   cure   for   obesity , "   says   Herren .   " It ' s   a   very   powerful   tool   used   in   the   fight   against   obesity .   It   needs   to   be   considered   as   part   of   a   process ,   and   a   lifelong   commitment   to   follow   up   with   physicians ,   a   regular   exercise   program ,   and   healthy   eating .     If   a   person   doesn ' t   understand   that   this   is   a   lifelong   commitment ,   that   it ' s   net   a   quick   fix ,   then   he   or   she   is   not   a   good   candidate . " From   a   physical   standpoint ,   the   preparation   for   weight   loss   surgery   involves   meeting   with   doctors - - a   lot   of   them 。 A   person   also   needs   to   meet   with   a   nutritionist ,   to   begin   to   better   understand   the   elements   of   healthy   eating ,   and   how   eating   habits   need   to   change   before   and   after   the   surgery .   " By   getting   into   a   proper   nutritional   mindset   before   surgery ,   such   as   learning   to   eat   smaller   portions ,   eating   Slowly ,   paying   closer   attention   to   the   nutritional   make - up   of   meals ,   a   person   is   better   adapted   for   the   major   changes   in   their   lifestyle   after   the   surgery , "   says   Herron 。 Understanding   the   Risks Understanding   the   possible   outcomes   of   weight   loss   surgery ,   including   the   risks ,   is   an   important   part   of   preparing   for   the   procedure .   " Education   is   a   tremendously   important   part   of   the   preoperative   process , "   says   Herron .     " There   is   no   question   that   there   are   major   risks   associated   with   the   operation .   However ,   those   risks   can   be   minimized   by   having   a   thorough   preoperative   workup   so   there   aren ' t   surprises   during   the   procedure ,   and   by   making   sure   the   surgeon   is   experienced   and   qualified . " Nonetheless ,   dealing   with   the   emotional   toll   of   this   procedure   can   be   difficult ,   especially   when   considering   the   possibility   of   death .   " There   have   been   good   studies   looking   at   the   risk   of   dying   after   weight   loss   surgery ,   showing   that   although   there   is   a   risk   of   death   with   surgery ,   the   overall   survival   rate   is   improved   with   surgery   compared   to   not   having   the   surgery   at   all ,   and   living   with   obesity , "   says   Herron 。 It   helps   that   most   centers   and   hospitals   and   insurance   companies ,   require   psychological   evaluations   prior   to   the   allowing   the   procedure - - which   benefits   both   patient   and   doctor .   " You   have   to   fill   your   mind   with   as   much   optimism   and   positive   thinking   as   possible , "   says   Joe   De   Simone ,   PhD ,   a   psychiatrist   in   private   practice   in   N .   Y . ,   who   works   with   patients   preparing   for   weight   loss   surgery .     " Basically ,   the   preparation   is   to   become   more   conscious   of   what   you   are   thinking   and   feeling ,   and   start   preparing   yourself   to   think   of   food   and   your   life   in   a   different   way .   This   is   a   courageous   step   for   people   to   take ,   and   it ' s   not   just   about   weight   changing - - it ' s   about   life   changing . " Pest - Op   Expectations While   weight   loss   surgery   does   have   a   major   impact   on   a   person ' s   life ,   it   requires ,   like   any   surgical   procedure ,   some   recovery   time .   " The   recovery   period   is   quite   variable , "   says   Herron .   " I   have   some   patients   who   take   a   week   off   and   are   back   full   time ,   and   others   who   take   three   to   four   weeks   to   recover .   While   it ' s   certainly   physically   possible   to   be   back   to   90%   of   capacity   after   a   week ,   most   people   take   longer   to   adjust   to   the   new   lifestyle . " New   techniques   have   also   helped   to   lessen   recovery   time .     Today ,   the   procedure   can   be   performed   minimally   invasively   via   small   incisions .   In   a   few   centers   around   the   country   it   can   even   be   done   on   an   outpatient   basis 。 Patients   also   need   to   remember   weight   loss   surgery   is   not   a   cure .   " It ' s   not   a   magic   bullet ,   but   is   an   amazingly   powerful   weight - loss   tool , "   says   Herron .   " A   person   will   find   they   will   lose   about   a   pound   per   day   for   the   first   month   or   so .   Then   they ' ll   lose   between   50% - 75%   of   their   excess   body   weight   typically   during   the   first   12   months   after   surgery . "   What   follows   is   dedication   to   a   healthy   diet   and   exercise   regimen ,   continual   follow - up   with   doctors   to   monitor   progress ,   and   commitment   to   a   new   life 。 1 .   Weight   loss   surgery   is   one   of   the   traditional   ways   of   losing   weight 。 2 .   Many   people   have   weight   loss   surgery   possibly   because   overweight   may   give   rise   to   death .   3 .   After   having   the   weight   loss   surgery ,   a   person   will   not   suffer   from   obesity   any   more 。 4 .   A   person   also   might   be   required   to   quit   smoking   to   improve   the   outcome   of   the   operation 。 5 .   It   is   advisable   that   a   patient   have   his / her   operation   covered   by   the   insurance   company   because   weight   loss   surgery   is   usually   ______ 。 6 .   A   person   who   thinks   about   having   weight   loss   surgery   should   find   ______   bariatric   surgeon 。 7 .   Eating   smaller   portions ,   eating   slowly ,   paying   attention   to   the   nutritional   ______   of   meals   are   examples   of   healthy   eating   habits 。 8 .   During   the   preparing   procedure ,   one   important   part   is   to   help   the   candidates   understand   the   possible   outcomes   and   ______ 。 9 .   According   to   Herron ,   after   having   the   surgery ,   the   recovery   time   ______   from   person   to   person 。 10 .   With   the   development   of   ______ ,   the   recovery   period   may   become   shorter   and   shorter 。 