09 年 12 月 英语六级 听力 真题 及 参考答案 ( 沪江 ) 本文 是 09 年 12 月 英语六级 听力 真题 和 答案 ， 前 三页 为 听力 原文 Section   A 到 Section   C ， 第四页 为 听力 答案 。 以下 是 具体内容 ： Section   A       Conversations Short   Conversations 11 .   W :   Did   you   use   credit   cards   on   your   vacation   last   month   in   Europe ? M :   Sure   did .   They   certainly   beat   going   around   with   a   wallet   full   of   big   bills .   But   carrying   lots   of   cash   is   still   very   common   among   some   older   people   travelling   abroad 。 Q :   What   does   the   man   say   about   some   elderly   people ? 12 .   W :   Rod   must   be   in   a   bad   mood   today .   What ’ s   wrong   with   him ? M :   He   was   passed   over   in   the   selection   process   for   the   dean   of   the   Administration ’ s   Office .   He ’ d   been   hoping   for   the   position   for   a   long   time 。 Q :   What   does   the   man   mean ? 13 .   M :   What   a   great   singer   Justin   is .   His   concert   is   just   awesome   and   you ’ ll   never   regret   the   money   you   paid   for   the   ticket 。 W :   Yeah ,   judging   by   the   amount   of   applause ,   everyone   was   enjoying   it 。 Q :   What   does   the   woman   mean ? 14 .   W :   I   received   an   email   yesterday   from   Henry .   Do   you   remember   he   was   one   of   the   chairpersons   of   our   Students ’   Union ? M :   Yes ,   but   I   haven ’ t   heard   from   him   for   ages .   Actually ,   I   have   been   out   of   touch   with   him   since   our   first   reunion   after   graduation 。 Q :   What   do   we   learn   about   the   speakers ? 15 .   M :   Driving   at   night   always   makes   me   tired .   Let ’ s   stop   for   the   dinner 。 W :   Fine ,   and   let ’ s   find   a   motel   so   that   we   can   get   an   early   start   tomorrow 。 Q :   What   will   the   speakers   probably   do ? 16 .   W :   Let ’ s   look   at   the   survey   on   consumer   confidence   we   conducted   last   week .   How   reliable   are   these   figures ? M :   They   have   a   five   percent   margin   of   error 。 Q :   What   are   the   speakers   talking   about ? 17 .   W :   Look   at   this   catalogue   John .   I   think   I   want   to   get   this   red   blouse 。 M :   Eh .   I   think   you   already   have   one   like   this   in   blue .   Do   you   need   every   color   in   the   rainbow ? Q :   What   does   the   man   mean ? 18 .   W :   This   notice   says   that   all   the   introductory   marketing   classes   are   closed 。 M :   That   can ’ t   be   true .   There   are   supposed   to   be   thirteen   of   them   this   semester 。 Q :   What   does   the   man   mean ? Long   Conversation   One M :   I   see   your   new   resume   that   you   worked   as   a   manager   of   store   called   Computer   Country ,   could   you   tell   me   a   little   more   about   your   responsibilities   there ? W :   Sure .   I   was   responsible   for   overseeing   about   30   employees .   I   did   all   of   the   orderings   for   the   store   and   I   kept   track   of   the   inventory 。 M :   What   was   the   most   difficult   part   of   your   job ? W :   Probably   handling   angry   customers .   We   didn ’ t   have   them   very   often ,   but   when   we   did ,   I   need   to   make   sure   they   were   well   taken   good   care   of .   After   all ,   the   customer   is   always   right 。 M :   That ’ s   how   we   feel   here ,   too .   How   long   did   you   work   there ? W :   I   was   there   for   three   and   a   half   years .   I   left   the   company   last   month 。 M :   And   why   did   you   leave ? W :   My   husband   has   been   transferred   to   Boston   and   I   understand   that   your   company   has   an   opening   there ,   too 。 M :   Yes ,   that ’ s   right .   We   do .   But   the   position   won ’ t   start   until   early   next   month .   Would   that   be   a   problem   for   you ? W :   No ,   not   at   all .   My   husband ’ s   new   job   doesn ’ t   begin   for   a   few   weeks ,   so   we   thought   we   would   spend   some   time   driving   to   Boston   and   stop   to   see   my   parents 。 M :   That   sounds   nice .   So ,   tell   me ,   why   are   you   interested   in   this   particular   position ? W :   I   know   that   your   company   has   a   great   reputation   and   wonderful   product .   I ’ ve   thought   many   times   that   I   would   like   to   be   a   part   of   it .   When   I   heard   about   the   opening   in   Boston ,   I   jumped   to   the   opportunity 。 M :   Well ,   I ’ m   glad   you   did 。 Questions   19   to   22   are   based   on   the   conversation   you   have   just   heard 。 Q19 :   What   was   the   woman ’ s   previous   job ? Q20 :   What   does   the   woman   say   with   the   most   difficult   part   of   her   job ? Q21 :   Why   is   the   woman   looking   for   a   job   in   Boston ? Q22 :   When   can   the   woman   start   to   work   if   she   gets   the   job ? Long   Conversation   2 W :   Today ,   in   this   studio ,   we   have   Alberto   Cuties ,   the   well - known   Brazilian   advocator   of   the   anti - global   movement .   He ’ s   here   to   talk   about   the   recent   report   stating   that   by   2050 ,   Brazil   will   be   one   of   the   world ’ s   wealthiest   and   most   successful   countries .   Alberto ,   what   do   you   say   about   this   report ? M :   You   know   this   isn ’ t   the   first   time   that   people   are   saying   Brazil   will   be   a   great   economic   power .   The   same   thing   was   said   over   100   years   ago ,   but   it   didn ’ t   happen 。 W :   Yes ,   but   you   must   admit   the   world ’ s   a   very   different   place   now 。 M :   Of   course .   In   fact ,   I   believe   that   there   may   be   some   truths   in   the   predictions   this   time   around .   First   of   all ,   though ,   we   must   remember   the   problems   facing   Brazil   at   the   moment 。 W :   Such   as ? M :   There ’ s   an   enormous   gap   between   the   rich   and   the   poor   in   this   country .   In   San   Paulo ,   you   can   see   shopping   malls   full   of   designer   goods   right   next   door   to   the   slum   areas   without   proper   water   or   electricity   supplies .   A   lot   of   work   needs   to   be   done   to   help   people   in   those   areas   improve   their   lives 。 W :   What   needs   to   be   done ? M :   Education ,   for   example .   For   Brazil ,   to   be   successful ,   we   need   to   offer   education   to   all   Brazilians .   Successful   countries ,   like   South   Korea   and   Singapore   have   excellent   education   systems .   Brazil   needs   to   learn   from   these   countries 。 W :   So   you ’ re   hopeful   for   the   future ? M :   As   I   said   earlier ,   I ’ m   hopeful .   This   isn ’ t   an   easy   job .   We   need   to   make   sure   that   these   important   opportunities   for   Brazil   aren ’ t   wasted   as   they   were   in   the   past 。 Questions   23   to   25   are   based   on   the   conversation   you   have   just   heard 。 Q23 :   What   does   the   recent   report   say   about   Brazil ? Q24 :   What   problem   does   Alberto   say   Brazil   faces   now ? Q25 :   What   does   Alberto   say   about   economically   successful   countries ? 