09 年 12 月 英语 四级 考前 必背 范文 20 篇 范文 欣赏 ( 一 ) 1 .                                                   My   First   Day   on   the   Campus I   still   remember   the   day   when   I   first   came   to   the   college .   Being   a   boy   of   17 ,   I   was   longing   for   a   new   life   as   a   college   student ;   but ,   at   the   same   time ,   I   had   no   idea   what   college   life   would   be   like 。 That   morning   when   the   bus   carried   me   to   the   gate   of   the   college .   I   was   so   excited   that   my   heart   was   beating   very   fast   as   if   it   would   leap   out   of   my   mouth .   From   now   on ,   I   would   be   a   student   of   this   college .   After   registration ,   we   were   led   by   an   instructor   to   the   dormitory ,   where ,   for   the   first   time ,   we   were   going   to   live   without   parents   but   roommates .   I   was   so   clumsy   that   I   did   not   know   how   to   make   the   bed   and   fix   the   mosquito   net 。 In   the   afternoon ,   I   took   a   walk   around   the   campus   together   with   my   roommates .   To   think   of   studying   in   such   a   beautiful   place   made   me   feel   quite   proud   of   myself .   As   we   were   walking   along ,   talking   and   laughing ,   a   voice   came   into   our   ears ,   “ Oh ,   look   at   these   freshmen ! ”   It   was   our   middle - school - students ’   looking   that   gave   us   away .   We   continued   our   tour   of   the   college ,   inspecting   every   building   and   every   garden   until   the   sun   began   to   set 。 In   the   evening ,   we   sat   together ,   talking   about   the   past   and   the   future .   We   were   so   excited   that   no   one   wanted   to   go   to   bed 。 2 .                                                           Studying   Abroad Attending   schools   abroad   has   many   advantages .   In   the   first   place ,   by   looking   at   our   own   country   from   outside ,   we   can   best   see   the   strong   points   and   weak   points   of   our   nation   and   therefore   widen   our   vision   and   broaden   our   minds .   Second ,   while   studying   in   a   foreign   country ,   we   can   travel   widely ,   visiting   famous   scenic   spots   and   making   friends   with   the   local   people .   Thirdly   we   can   use   the   foreign   language   in   our   daily   life   so   that   our   ability   in   the   second   language   may   be   improved   quickly .   But   the   most   important   thing   in   attending   a   foreign   university   is   to   get   acquainted   with   the   latest   knowledge   in   science   and   technology   and   make   use   of   the   first - rate   facilities   available .   For   all   these   advantages ,   it   is   really   worthwhile   to   go   abroad   for   education 。 However ,   as   everything   has   two   sides ,   there   are   also   some   disadvantages   in   attending   a   foreign   university .   The   most   serious   problem   is   the   language   barrier .   Most   of   the   students   who   are   ready   to   go   abroad   do   not   adequate   knowledge   of   the   language   spoken   there .   As   a   result ,   on   arriving   there ,   they   will   find   it   difficult   to   understand   what   the   instructors   are   saying .   Besides ,   for   lack   of   knowledge   of   the   customs   and   way   of   life   of   the   local   people ,   they   may   run   into   trouble   in   dealing   with   various   situations .   Therefore ,   misunderstandings   often   arise .   Furthermore ,   the   cost   of   living   is   much   higher   than   that   in   our   country ,   so   most   students   have   to   find   part - tine   jobs   in   order   to   help   support   themselves .   Faced   with   these   difficulties ,   many   students   find   themselves   unable   to   pay   full   attention   to   their   studies   and   some   students   may   even   fail   in   their   courses   and   learn   little 。 Therefore ,   given   an   opportunity   to   attend   a   school   abroad ,   one   must   consider   both   sides   of   the   factors   carefully   before   making   up   his   mind .   On   the   whole ,   it   is   a   good   thing   to   go   and   study   abroad   particularly   when   the   subject   is   very   weak   or   not   available   in   our   country .   But   on   the   other   hand ,   one   must   not   lose   sight   of   the   disadvantages 。 3 .                                     Is   the   Expansion   of   Enrollment   a   Good   Thing ? Many   colleges   and   universities   have   expanded   their   enrollment   since   1998 .   The   reasons   for   the   expansion   are   as   follows .   Firstly ,   they   want   to   keep   up   with   the   need   of   the   job   market   to   produce   more   qualified   people   to   take   up   the   jobs .   Secondly ,   the   expansion   has   entitled   many   high   school   graduates   to   the   right   of   receiving   higher   education .   Last   but   not   least ,   it   can   raise   the   intellectual   standards   of   our   nation 。 However ,   studies   show   that   the   trend   to   expand   has   brought   about   many   problems .   For   instance ,   the   teaching   facilities   and   accommodation   capacities   of   many   colleges   and   universities   are   limited   and   are   unable   to   meet   the   demand   of   an   ever - increasing   number   of   the   newly   enrolled   students .   On   the   other   hand ,   the   average   quality   of   the   freshmen   is   declining .   In   the   long   run ,   hunting   for   a   job   will   be   a   tough   thing   for   the   graduates   and   that   will   inevitably   exert   much   pressure   on   the   prospects   of   employment 。 In   spite   of   all   this ,   I   am   still   confident   that   the   expansion   of   enrollment   is   of   great   benefit   to   our   society   and   is   a   good   thing .   With   the   development   of   our   national   economy ,   the   problem   as   mentioned   above   will   be   solved   if   proper   measures   are   taken 。 4 .     1 . 目前 社会 上 有 不少 假冒伪劣 商品 ( fake   commodities ) 。 为什么 会 有 这种 现象 ？ 2 . 举例说明 假冒伪劣 商品 对 消费 个人 、 社会 等 的 危害 。 Harmfulness   of   Fake   Commodities Nowadays   in   the   society ,   there   are   enormous   fake   commodities .   When   you   go   to   the   supermarket ,   you   may   buy   some   fake   food   commodities .   When   you   go   to   the   pharmacist ’ s ,   you   may   buy   some   fake   medicine 。 The   deep   root   of   this   phenomenon   lies   in   someone ’ s   greed   for   money .   In   order   to   get   a   large   amount   of   money   in   a   short   time ,   they   try   every   means   to   produce   fake   commodities ,   without   any   regard   for   other   people ’ s   benefit   and   health 。 Fake   commodities   can   do   great   harm   to   both   consumers   and   society .   For   example ,   when   a   person   bought   fake   medicine ,   it   was   useless   in   curing   his   disease   and   really   a   waste   of   money .   Sometimes   fake   medicine   can   even   cause   death .   Fake   commodities   are   usually   sold   in   a   lower   price .   It   causes   unfair   competition   in   the   market   economy   and   puts   the   whole   society   in   disorder 。 5 .     Don ’ t   Hesitate   to   Say   “ No ” 1 . 别人 请求 帮助 时 ， 在 什么 情况 下 我们 会 说 “ 不 ” 2 . 为什么 有些 人 在 该 说 “ 不 ” 的 时候 不说 “ 不 ” 3 . 该 说 “ 不 ” 时 不 说 “ 不 ” 的 坏处 To   help   those   who   are   in   need   is   always   regarded   as   a   traditional   Chinese   moral .   However   people   have   to   know   well   what   the   need   is   before   the   help   is   offered .   When   the   need   is   just   for   some   minority ’ s   benefit   and   against   most   people ’ s   interests ,   or   when   it   is   immoral   or   unlawful ,   people   should   not   hesitate   to   say   No .   Otherwise   they   will   put   themselves   into   trouble 。 Unfortunately ,   there   are   so   many   such   examples   around   us   that   people   end   up   their   leadership   in   jail   or   bury   their   glory   in   shame   simply   because   they   don ’ t ’   say   “ No ”   while   they   should .   Some   people   are   reluctant   to   say   “ No ”   in   front   of   all   kinds   of   briberies   as   they   want   to   swamp   their   power   for   money .   They   can ’ t   resist   the   temptations   of   accumulating   wealth   in   a   fast   but   illegal   way .   For   their   own   good   and   their   friend ’ s   favor ,   these   people   would   sacrifice   millions   of   RMB   Yuan   for   an   unproportional   commission   and   therefore   stake   there   future   on   scales   of   law .   Other   people   don ’ t   say   No   because   of   misinterpreted   friendship   and   lack   of   sense   of   law .   They   never   hesitate   to   do   whatever   their   friends   ask   them   to   do .   They   believe   they   are   helping   their   friends   even   when   they   are   actually   violating   the   law   or   local   regulations .   Such   people   will   also   be   punished   according   to   the   degree   of   their   misbehavior 。 Therefore ,   to   help   is   not   always   doing   good .   People   should   learn   to   say   a   No   when   the   help   might   hurt   other   people ’ s   interests 。 6 .   A   Letter   to   the   University   President   about   the   Canteen   Service   on   Campus 假设 你 是 李明 ， 请 你 就 本校 食堂 的 状况 给 校长 写 一封信 ， 内容 应 设计 食堂 的 饭菜 质量 、 价格 、 环境 、 服务 等 ， 可以 是 表扬 ， 可以 是 批评 建议 ， 也 可以 兼而有之 。 January   12 .   2002 Dear   Mr .   President , My   name   is   Li   Ming .   I   am   a   sophomore   of   the   law   school .   As   the   school   year   is   drawing   to   a   close ,   I   venture   to   write   a   letter   to   you   about   the   canteen   service   on   campus   which   has   given   rise   to   much   complaint   among   students 。 The   focus   of   the   complaint   is   the   poor   quality   of   the   food .   The   rice   is   just   like   bullets   and   the   buns   are   like   hand   grenades .   They   are   too   hard   for   us   to   chew .   And   the   vegetables   are   so   overcooked   as   to   lose   their   nutrients .   The   fish   and   meat   are   not   given   full   measure .   The   only   thing   we   are   satisfied   with   is   the   free   soup .   However ,   the   price   of   the   food   is   surprisingly   high .   If   we   have   3   meals   all   in   the   canteen ,   at   least   twelve   yuan   is   gone   to   keep   our   body   and   soul   together .   As   a   result ,   many   of   us   go   out   to   have   meals 。 Honestly   speaking ,   the   dining   environment   has   been   improved ,   with   the   wall   painted   and   some   Chinese   calligraphy   works   posted   up .   But   there   are   only   two   canteens   on   the   campus .   As   the   number   of   students   is   ever   increasing ,   there   is   not   enough   space   and   seats   to   allow   us   to   have   our   meals   there .   The   attitude   of   the   service   staff   to   the   students   is   not   hospitable   at   all 。 All   in   all ,   there   is   still   much   room   for   improvement   as   far   as   the   canteen   service   is   concerned .   I   hope   we   will   not   suffer   for   another   two   years 。 Best   regards 。 Sincerely   Yours Li   Ming 7 .   For   this   part ,   you   are   allowed   thirty   minutes   to   write   a   composition   on   the   topic :   Student   Use   of   Computers .   You   should   write   at   least   120   words ,   and   base   your   composition   on   the   chart   and   the   outline   given   below : 1 . 上图 所示 为 1990 年 、 1995 年 、 2000 年 某 大学生 使用 计算机 的 情况 ， 请 描述 其 变化 ； 2 . 请 说明 发生 这些 变化 的 原因 ( 可 从 计算机 的 用途 、 价格 或 社会 发展 等 方面 加以 说明 ) ； 3 . 你 认为 目前 大学生 在 计算机 使用 中有 什么 困难 或 问题 。 Average   number   of   hours   a   student   spends   on   the   computer   per   week Student   Use   of   Computer Since   1990 ,   there   has   been   tremendous   growth   in   the   use   of   computers   by   students .   While   in   1990 ,   the   average   number   of   hours   a   student   spent   on   the   computer   was   about   one   hour   per   week ,   this   number   grew   to   nearly   four   hours   per   week   by   1995 ,   and   to   approximately   20   hours   per   week   by   the   year   2000 . This   significant   growth   in   the   use   of   computers   by   students   in   the   1990 ’ s   can   be   attributed   to   several   factors ,   including   widespread   usage ,   lower   prices ,   and   technological   and   social   developments .   Nowadays ,   computers   are   widely   used   by   students   for   word   processing ,   book   keeping ,   multimedia   presentations ,   and   access   to   the   Internet   for   both   research   and   communications .   Additionally ,   since   1990 ,   due   to   competition   and   technological   advances ,   computer   hardware   and   software   prices ,   as   well   as   Internet   usage   charges   have   dropped   significantly .   Finally ,   technological   developments   and   changes   in   social   habits   in   the   1990 ’ s   have   played   a   major   role   in   this   tremendous   growth   in   the   use   of   computers .   Today ’ s   society   relies   heavily   on   computers   for   immediate   access   to   the   news   and   for   entertainment ,   including ,   listening   to   music ,   watching   movies   and   sport   events ,   and   playing   computer   games 。 While   computers   are   of   great   assistance   to   the   students ,   and   therefore ,   are   indispensable   tools ,   they   also   pose   some   challenges .   The   biggest   challenge   that   many   students   face   is   discipline   in   the   use   of   this   powerful   device .   That   is ,   students   need   to   have   the   discipline   of   not   allowing   themselves   to   be   lured   by   the   entertaining   aspects   of   this   wonderful   tool — aspects   that   can   result   in   addiction   to   computer   games   or   viewing   of   undesirable   material   on   the   Internet .   That   is   to   say ,   students   need   to   use   this   powerful   tool   with   great   wisdom ! 