雅思 口语 攻略 ： Fluency   Facts   Sheet Fluency ,   the   most   important   marking   criteria   in   IELTS   speaking   module ,   means   being   able   to   speak   smoothly   and   continuously   at   a   normal   speed .   This   explanation   of   the   word   seems   very   easy   to   accomplish   but   really   difficult   to   reach .   In   fact ,   at   the   live   test ,   only   few   of   the   candidates   can   pass   and   achieve   a   high   mark   in   this   part .   So ,   what   does   fluency   in   oral   English   really   mean ?   The   following   facts   may   give   you   some   ideas   about   it   and   understand   it   more   deeply 。 About   Translation :   When   students   talk   word   by   word   it   means   they   are   thinking   and   translating   everything   they   are   trying   to   say   from   Chinese   to   English .   Sometimes ,   they   pause   or   totally   stop   speaking   if   they   can ’ t   interpret   a   word .   In   fact ,   they   don ’ t   know   that   most   of   the   Chinese   words   do   not   have   an   exact   meaning   in   English .   And   it   also   demands   the   speaker   to   use   a   huge   amount   of   time   to   think   about   it .   There   is   no   doubt   that   translating   is   the   most   inefficient   and   ineffective   way   of   communicating .   Therefore ,   candidates   should   stop   thinking   of   what   they   want   to   say   in   Chinese   and   instead   just   create   the   sentences   in   English .   When   they   get   used   to   doing   that ,   they ’ ll   find   it   easier   to   talk   at   length   and   their   fluency   will   be   better   at   the   same   time 。 About   Repeating :   There   are   many   interesting   facts   why   students   restate   words   while   they   are   talking .   Firstly ,   when   they   are   afraid   of   making   grammatical   mistakes   or   pronouncing   incorrectly ,   they   will   start   to   repeat   themselves   in   order   to   buy   them   some   time   to   think   about   the   rules .   Secondly ,   if   they   do   not   have   enough   examples   or   ideas   to   support   the   topic   assigned   to   them ,   they   might   express   the   same   idea   in   a   different   way   again   and   again .   Last   but   no   least ,   lack   of   oral   English   practice   and   shyness   defiantly   will   make   most   Chinese   students   barely   open   their   mouths .   Therefore ,   all   these   reasons   could   eventually   give   the   candidates   a   less   competent   fluency .   In   order   to   solve   the   problem   we   suggest   students   try   not   to   expect   to   speak   without   making   any   errors .   Also ,   think   too   much   before   talking   can   make   them   become   very   nervous .   Thus ,   without   competent   fluency ,   students   might   not   be   able   to   have   a   good   conversation 。 About   connecting   ideas - - -   Speaking   fluently   does   not   mean   speaking   fast .   It   also   means   quick   reaction   and   response .   Sometimes   it   takes   the   candidates   a   long   stop   before   they   can   say   any   word     or   can   not   converse   at   all   while   in   the   test   because   they   can   not   understand   the   questions   asked   by   the   examiner .   When   students   are   communicating ,   they   seldom   exchange   their   ideas   thoroughly .   They   always   let   the   interviewee   wait   for   their   answers   because   they   tend   to   analyze   the   questions   first   before   they   start   to   deliver   their   answer .   Therefore ,   causes   the   conversation   to   stop   that   affects   the   flow   of   the   conversation .   So   apart   from   improving   students ’   oral   English   skills ,   be   sure   that   their   listening   skills   are   good   enough   too 。 Most   of   the   students   focus   too   much   on   how   to   speak   faster .   But   in   contrast   they   do   not   care   about   the   quality   of   their   communication .   So ,   always   remember   that   Oral   English   is   a   way   of   communicating   with   others .   Therefore ,   even   if   the   candidates   talk   in   a   fast   speed   it   won ’ t   help   them   to   score   a   high   band   scale   if   the   examiner   can   not   understand   a   word   of   what   they   say .   In   order   to   attain   a   good   oral   English   fluency ,   students   should   avoid   translating ,   start   to   organize   their   ideas   and   deliver   them   in   a   smooth   and   appropriate   speed ! 