09 年 12 月 六级 模拟 试卷 及 解析 之七 ( 文都 ) Part   I       Writing                                             ( 30   minutes ) Directions :   For   this   part ,   you   are   allowed   30   minutes   to   write   a   Campaign   Speech .   You   should   write   at   least   150   words   following   the   outline   given   below 。 1 . 你 认为 自己 具备 了 什么 条件 ( 能力 、 性格 、 爱好 等 ) 可以 胜任 学生会 主席 的 工作 。 2 . 如果 当选 ， 你 将 为 本校 同学 做些 什么 。 Part   Ⅱ   Reading   Comprehension   ( Skimming   and   Scanning )     ( 15   minutes ) Directions :   In   this   part ,   you   trill   have   15   minutes   to   go   over   the   passage   quickly   and   answer   the   questions   on   the   Answer   Sheet .   For   questions   1 - 7 ,   choose   the   best   answer   from   the   four   choices   marked   A ) ，   B ) ，   C )   and   D ) .   For   questions   8 - 10 ,   complete   the   sentences   with   the   information   given   in   the   passage 。 Bird   Brains Cracking   Walnuts The   scene :   a   traffic   light   crossing   on   a   university   campus   in   Japan .   Carrion   crows   and   humans   line   up   patiently ,   waiting   for   the   traffic   to   halt .   When   the   lights   change ,   the   birds   hop   in   front   of   the   cars   and   place   walnuts ,   which   they   picked   from   the   adjoining   trees ,   on   the   road .   After   the   lights   turn   green   again ,   the   birds   fly   away   and   vehicles   drive   over   the   nuts ,   cracking   them   open .   Finally ,   when   it ' s   time   to   cross   again ,   the   crows   join   the   pedestrians   and   pick   up   their   meal 。 Biologists   already   knew   the   corvine   family - - it   includes   crows ,   ravens ,   rooks ,   magpies   and   jackdaws - - to   be   among   the   smartest   of   all   birds .   But   this   remarkable   piece   of   behavior   would   seem   to   be   a   particularly   acute   demonstration   of   bird   intelligence .     Researchers   believe   they   probably   noticed   cars   driving   over   nuts   fallen   from   a   walnut   tree   overhanging   a   road .   The   crows   already   knew   about   dropping   clams   from   a   height   on   the   seashore   to   break   them   open ,   but   found   this   did   not   work   for   walnuts   because   of   their   soft   green   outer   shell 。 Other   birds   do   this ,   although   not   with   quite   the   same   precision .   In   the   Dardia   Mountains   of   Greece ,   eagles   can   be   seen   carrying   tortoises   up   to   a   great   height   and   dropping   them   on   to   rocks   below 。 Do   Birds   Have   Intelligence ? Scientists   have   argued   for   decades   over   whether   wild   creatures ,   including   birds ,   show   genuine   intelligence .   Some   still   consider   the   human   mind   to   be   unique ,   with   animals   capable   of   only   the   simplest   mental   processes .     But   a   new   generation   of   scientists   believes   that   creatures ,   including   birds ,   can   solve   problems   by   insight   and   even   learn   by   example ,   as   human   children   do .   Birds   can   even   talk   in   a   meaningful   way 。 Good   Memory Some   birds   show   quite   astonishing   powers   of   recall .   A   type   of   North   American   crow   may   have   the   animal   world ' s   keenest   memory .     It   collects   up   to   30 , 000   pine   seeds   over   three   weeks   in   November ,   and   then   carefully   buries   them   for   safe   keeping   across   over   an   area   of   200   square   miles .   Over   the   next   eight   months ,   it   succeeds   in   retrieving   over   90   percent   of   them ,   even   when   they   are   covered   in   feet   of   snow 。 Making   and   Using   Tools On   the   Pacific   island   of   New   Caledonia ,   the   crows   demonstrate   a   tool - making ,   and   tool   using   capability   comparable   to   Paleolithic   man ' s .   Dr   Gavin   Hunt ,   a   New   Zealand   biologist ,   spent   three   years   observing   the   birds .   He   found   that   they   used   two   different   forms   of   hooked   " tool "   to   pull   grubs   from   deep   within   tree   trunks .   Other   birds   and   some   primates   have   been   seen   to   use   objects   to   forage .   But   what   is   unusual   here   is   that   the   crows   also   make   their   own   tools .   Using   their   beaks   as   scissors   and   snippers ,   they   fashion   hooks   from   twigs ,   and   make   barbed ,   serrated   rakes   or   combs   from   stiff   leathery   leaves .   And   they   don ' t   throw   the   tools   away   after   one   use - - they   carry   them   from   one   foraging   place   to   another 。 Scientists   are   still   debating   what   this   behavior   means .   Man ' s   use   of   tools   is   considered   a   prime   indication   of   his   intelligence ,   is   this   a   skill   acquired   by   chance ?   Did   the   crows   acquire   tool   making   skills   by   trial   and   error   rather   than   planning ?   Or ,   in   its   ability   to   adapt   and   exploit   an   enormous   range   of   resources   and   habitats ,   is   the   crow   closer   to   humans   than   any   other   creature ? Dr   Hunt   said   this   of   his   research :   " There   are   many   intriguing   questions   that   remain   to   be   answered   about   crows '   tool   behavior .   Most   important   would   be   whether   or   not   they   mostly   learn   or   genetically   inherit   the   know - how   to   make   and   use   tools .   Without   knowing   that   it   is   difficult   to   say   anything   about   their   intelligence ,   although   one   could   guess   that   these   crows   have   the   capability   to   be   as   clever   as   crows   in   general . " The   woodpecker   finch   is   another   consummate   toolmaker ;   It   will   snap   off   a   twig ,   trim   it   to   size   and   use   it   to   pry   insects   out   of   bark .   In   captivity ,   a   cactus   finch   learnt   how   to   do   this   by   watching   the   woodpecker   finch   from   its   cage .   The   teacher   helped   the   pupil   by   passing   a   ready -   made   spine   across   for   the   cactus   finch   to   use 。 Communication   Ability Another   sign   of   intelligence ,   thought   to   be   absent   in   most   non - human   animals ,   is   the   ability   to   engage   in   complex ,   meaningful   communication .   The   work   of   Professor   Irene   Pepperberg   of   the   University   of   Arizona ,   Tucson ,   has   now   shown   the   general   perception   of   parrots   as   mindless   mimics   to   be   incorrect 。 The   captive   African   grey   parrot   Alex   is   one   of   a   number   of   parrots   now   believed   to   have   the   intelligence   and   emotional   make - up   of   a   3   to   4   year   old   child .   Under   the   tutelage   of   Professor   Pepperherg ,   he   acquired   a   vocabulary   of   over   100   words .   He   could   say   the   words   for   colors   and   shapes   and ,   apparently ,   use   them   meaningfully .   He   has   learned   the   labels   for   more   than   35   different   objects ;   he   knows   when   to   use   " no , "   and   phrases   such   as   " come   here , "   " I   want   X , "   and   " Wanna   go   Y . " A   bird ' s   ability   to   understand ,   or   speak ,   another   bird ' s   language   can   be   very   valuable .   New   Zealand   saddlebacks   occupy   the   same   territory   for   years .   They   have   distinct   song   " dialects "   passed   on   through   the   generations .   New   territory   vacancies   are   hard   to   find ,   so   young   males   are   always   on   the   look - out   for   new   widows   into   whose   territory   they   can   move .   While   they   wander   around   the   forest ,   they   learn   the   different   dialect   songs ,   just   as   we   might   learn   a   language   or   develop   a   regional   dialect .   As   soon   as   a   territory - owning   male   dies ,   a   new   young   male   may   move   in   to   take   over   within   10   minutes .   He   will   immediately   start   singing   the   dialect   of   the   territory   he   is   in 。 Possessing   Abstract   Concepts Intelligence - - if   this   is   what   scientists   agree   these   birds   possess - - is   not   limited   to   the   birds   we   always   thought   of   as   " bright . "   In   recent   experiments   at   Cardiff   University   in   Britain ,   a   pigeon   identified   subtle   differences   between   abstract   designs   that   even   art   students   did   not   notice .   It   could   even   tell   that   a   Picasso   was   not   the   same   as   a   Monet .   The   experiment   seems   to   show   that   pigeons   can   hold   concepts ,   or   ideas ,   in   their   heads .   The   visual   concept   for   the   pigeon   is   Picasso ' s   painting   style 。 Social   Necessity   Makes   Birds   Smart 。 Scientists   believe   it   is   not   physical   need   that   drives   creatures   to   become   smarter ,   but   social   necessity .   The   complexities   of   living   together   require   a   higher   level   of   intelligence .   Corvids   and   parrots ,   along   with   dolphins ,   chimps ,   and   humans   are   all   highly   social - - and   smart - - animals 。 Some   ravens   certainly   apply   their   intelligence   for   the   good   of   the   flock .   In   North   America ,   they   contact   other   ravens   to   tell   them   the   location   of   a   carcass ( 动物 尸体 ) .   Ravens   are   specialized   feeders   on   the   carcasses   of   large   mammals   such   as   moose   during   the   harsh   winter   months   of   North   America .   The   birds   roost   together   at   night   on   a   tree ,   arriving   noisily   from   all   directions   shortly   before   sunset .   The   next   morning ,   all   the   birds   leave   the   roost   as   highly   synchronized ( 同步 地 )   groups   at   dawn ,   giving   a   few   noisy   caws ,   followed   by   honking .   They   may   all   be   flying   off   in   the   direction   taken   by   a   bird ,   which   had   discovered   a   carcass   the   previous   day .   This   bird   leads   the   others   to   his   food   store ,   apparently   sharing   his   finding   with   the   rest   of   the   flock 。 Ravens   share   information   about   their   findings   of   food   carcasses   because   dead   animals   are   patchily ( 散落 地 )   distributed   and   hard   to   find .   Many   eyes   have   a   better   chance   of   finding   a   carcass ,   and   once   one   has   been   located ,   the   information   is   pooled ( 共享 的 ) .   Although   the   carcass   now   has   to   be   shared   between   more   individuals ,   the   heavy   snowfall   and   risk   of   mammal   scavengers   ( 食腐 动物 )   taking   the   food   mean   that   a   single   bird   or   a   small   group   could   not   eat   it   all   alone   anyway 。 Intelligence   Inheritance The   level   of   intelligence   among   birds   may   vary .   But   no   living   bird   is   truly   stupid .   Each   generation   of   bird ' s   that   leaves   the   protection   of   its   parents   to   become   independent   has   the   inborn   genetic   information   that   will   help   it   to   survive   in   the   outside   world   and   the   skills   that   it   has   learned   from   its   parents .   They   would   never   have   met   the   challenge   of   evolution   without   some   degree   of   native   cunning .   It ' s   just   that   some   have   much   more   than   others 。 1 .   The   example   of   the   Japanese   carrion   crows   at   the   beginning   of   the   passage   is   a   demonstration   of   the   ______ 。 A )   kindness   of   people                                             B )   harmonious   living   conditions C )   ecological   stability                                             D )   bird   intelligence 2 .   ______   believe ( s )   that   birds   as   well   as   some   other   non - human   animals   show   intelligence 。 A )   Biologists B )   A   new   generation   of   scientists C )   Researchers   of   the   University   of   Arizona D )   Only   Dr   Hunt   and   his   colleagues 3 .   A   type   of   North   American   crow   can   ______   most   of   the   pine   seeds   it   buried   even   they   are   in   deep   snow 。 A )   eat   up                           B )   retrieve                       C )   crack                             D )   lose 4 .   The   writer   compares   the   ability   of   the   crows   on   the   Pacific   island   of   New   Caledonia   in   making   and   using   tools   with   that   of   ______ 。 A )   Paleolithic   man                                                 B )   North   American   crow C )   the   woodpecker   finch                                       D )   carrion   crows 5 .   People   generally   regard   parrots '   speaking   human   language   as   ______ 。 A )   meaningful   communication                             B )   conveyance   of   feelings C )   mindless   mimics                                                 D )   ridiculous   noises 6 .   A   New   Zealand   saddleback   learns   the   language   of   another   saddleback   in   order   to   ______ 。 A )   share   information   about   food   with   it B )   beat   it   in   the   competition   for   a   spouse C )   use   the   dialect   to   control   the   territory   it   just   moves   into D )   show   that   it   has   the   ability   to   acquire   different   dialects 7 .   It   is   ______   that   drives   birds   to   become   intelligent 。 A )   society   necessity                                                   B )   physical   need C )   genetic   information                                               D )   psychological   request 8 .   Some   birds ,   such   as   ______ ,   may   hold   ideas   in   their   heads 。 9 .   Some   ravens   in   North   America   apply   their   intelligence   for   the   good   of   the   flock   by   ______   the   others   to   his   food   store 。 10 .   Birds   genetically   inherit   skills   and   abilities   to   meet   the   ______ 。 