2010 职称 英语 考前 通关 专项 训练 ： 词汇 与 阅读 训练 内容 ： 词汇 选项 + 阅读 理解 + 阅读 判断 训练 要求 ： 一 、 词汇 选项 ： 下面 共有 15 个 句子 ， 每个 句子 中均 有 1 个 词 或 短语 划有底 横线 ， 请 从 每个 句子 后面 所 给 的 4 个 选项 中 选择 1 个 与 划线 部分 意义 最 相近 的 词 或 短语 。 答案 一律 涂 在 答题卡 相应 的 位置 上 。 1 　 The   nursery   is   bright   and   cheerful 。 A   pleasant   　   　   　 B   colorful C   fashionable   　   　 D   different 2 　 He   is   but   a   child 。 A   probably   　   　   　 B   not C   only   　   　   　   　   D   hardly 3 　 The   price   of   vegetables   varies   according   to   the   weather 。 A   jumps   　   　   　   B   rises C   falls   　   　   　   　 D   changes 4 　 Did   you   do   that   to   irritate   her ? A   tease   　   　   　   　 B   attract 5 　 The   old   lady   let   her   flat   to   an   English   couple A   offered   B   rented C   provided   D   sold 6 　 A   ship   was   reported   to   be   in   distress   a   few   miles   out   at   sea A   disorder   　   　   　 B   formation C   service   　   　   　   D   danger 7 　 You   should   cultivate   the   habit   of   reading   carefully A   invent   　   　   　   B   begin C   develop   　   　   　 D   initiate 8 　 Merge   the   following   two   short   sentences   into   one   new   sentence A   Split   　   　   　   　 B   Combine C   Break   　   　   　   　 D   Divide 9 　 His   handwriting   is   flowing   and   graceful 。 A   pleasing   　   　   　 B   formal C   informal   　   　   　 D   flowery 10   The   sisters   can ' t   tolerate   each   other 。 A   bear   　   　   　   　   B   hate C   like   　   　   　   　   D   criticize 11   The   dentist   has   decided   to   extract   her   bad   tooth 。 A   pull   out   　   　   　 B   repair C   take   　   　   　   　 D   dig 12   The   child ' s   abnormal   behavior   puzzled   the   doctor 。 A   funny   　   　   　   　 B   frightening C   repeated   　   　   　 D   unusual 13   Gunpowder   was   used   extensively   in   firearms   prior   to   1990 A   in   　   　   　   　   　 B   around C   from   　   　   　   　   D   before 14   Human   facial   expressions   differ   from   those   of   animals   in   the   degree   to   which   they   can   be   deliberately   controlled   and   modified 。 A   sufficiently   　   B   noticeably C   intentionally   　   D   absolutely 15   Foreign   money   can   be   converted   into   the   local   currency   at   this   bank 。 A   altered   　   　   　   B   changed C   bought   　   　   　   D   sold 二 、 阅读 判断 TV   Game   Shows One   of   the   most   fascinating   things   about   television   is   the   size   of   the   audience .   A   novel   can   be   on   the   " best   seller "   lists   with   a   sale   of   fewer   than   100 , 000   copies ,   but   a   popular   TV   show   might   have   70   million   TV   viewers .   TV   can   make   anything   or   anyone   well - known   overnight 。 This   is   the   principle   behind   " quiz "   or   " game "   shows ,   which   put   ordinary   people   on   TV   to   play   a   game   for   prizes   and   money .   A   quiz   show   can   make   anyone   a   star ,   and   it   can   give   away   thousands   of   dollars   in   the   U . S .   and   almost   everyone   watched   them .   Charles   Van   Doren ,   an   English   instructor ,   became   rich   and   famous   after   winning   money   on   several   shows .   He   even   had   a   career   as   a   television   personality .   But   one   of   the   losers   proved   that   Charles   Van   Doren   was   cheating .   It   turned   out   that   the   show ' s   producers   who   were   pulling   the   strings ,   gave   the   answers   to   the   most   popular   contestants   beforehand .   Why ?   Because   if   the   audience   didn ' t   like   the   person   who   won   the   game ,   they   turned   the   show   off .   The   result   of   this   cheating   was   a   huge   scandal .   Based   on   his   story ,   a   movie   under   the   title   " Quiz   Show "   is   on   40   years   later 。 Charles   Van   Doren   is   no   longer   involved   with   TV .   But   game   shows   are   still   here ,   though   they   aren ' t   taken   as   seriously .   In   fact ,   some   of   them   try   to   be   as   ridiculous   as   possible .   There   are   shows   that   send   strangers   on   vacation   trips   together ,   or   that   try   to   cause   newly - married   couples   to   fight   on   TV ,   or   that   punish   losers   by   humiliation   them .   The   entertainment   now   is   to   see   what   people   will   do   just   to   be   on   TV .   People   still   win   money ,   but   the   real   prize   is   to   be   in   front   of   an   audience   of   millions 。 1 .   TV   can   make   a   beggar   world - famous   overnight 。 A .   Right B .   Wrong C .   Not   mentioned 2 .   The   principle   behind   " quiz "   and   " game "   shows   is   to   put   ordinary   people   on   TV   to   play   a   game   for   prizes   and   money 。 A .   Right B .   Wrong C .   Not   mentioned 3 .   Prizes   and   money   are   usually   provided   by   TV   stars   and   large   companies   for   winners 。 A .   Right B .   Wrong C .   Not   mentioned 4 .   One   of   the   TV   personalities ,   Charles   Van   Doren   was   proved   to   be   cheating   by   persuading   the   Show ' s   producers   to   give   him   the   answers   beforehand 。 A .   Right B .   Wrong C .   Not   mentioned 5 .   The   huge   scandal   of   cheating   in   TV   game   shows   was   not   exposed   until   40   years   later   in   the   movie   " Quiz   Show " 。 A .   Right B .   Wrong C .   Not   mentioned 6 .   Nowadays   game   shows   are   not   treated   as   seriously   as   they   used   to   be 。 A .   Right B .   Wrong C .   Not   mentioned 7 .   Winners   of   present - day   TV   game   shows   no   longer   get   money   from   the   shows 。 A .   Right B .   Wrong C .   Not   mentioned 三 、 阅读 理解 阅读 下面 的 短文 ， 短文 后 有 5 道题 ， 每题 后面 有 4 个 选项 。 请 仔细阅读 短文 并 根据 短文 回答 其 后面 的 问题 ， 从 4 个 选项 中 选择 1 个 最佳答案 。 Football Football   is ，   I   suppose ，   the   most   popular   game   in   England ：   one   has   only   to   go   to   one   of   the   important   matches   to   see   this .   Rich   and   poor ，   young   and   old ，   one   can   see   them   all   there ，   shouting   and   cheering   for   one   side   or   the   other 。 One   of   the   most   surprising   things   about   football   in   England   to   a   stranger   is   the   great   knowledge   of   the   game   which   even   the   smallest   boy   seems   to   have .   He   can   tell   you   the   names   of   the   players   in   most   of   the   important   teams .   He   has   photographs   of   them   and   knows   the   results   of   a   large   number   of   matches .   He   will   tell   you ，   with   a   great   air   of   authority ，   who   he   expects   will   win   such   and   such   a   match ，   and   his   opinion   is   usually   as   valuable   as   that   of   men   three   or   four   times   his   age 。 Most   schools   in   England   take   football   seriously   -   much   more   seriously   than   nearly   all   European   schools ，   where   lessons   are   all - important   ( 至关重要 的 ) ，   and   games   left   for   private   arrangements .   In   England ，   it   is   believed   that   education   is   not   only   a   matter   of   filling   a   boy ' s   mind   with   facts   in   a   classroom ；   education   also   means   character   training ；   and   one   of   the   best   ways   of   training   character   is   by   means   of   games ，   especially   team   games ，   where   the   boy   has   to   learn   to   work   with   others   for   his   team ，   instead   of   working   selfishly   ( 自私 地 )   for   himself   alone .   The   school   therefore   arranges   games   and   matches   for   its   pupils   Football   is   a   good   team   game ，   it   is   good   exercise   for   the   body ，   it   needs   skill   and   a   quick   brain ，   it   is   popular   and   it   is   cheap ：   as   a   result ，   it   is   the   school ' s   favorite   game   in   the   winter 。 1 . In   England   football   is   a   game   enjoyed A   only   by   young   people 。 B   only   by   rich   people 。 C   only   by   boys 。 D   by   people   of   all   ages   and   classes 。 2 . A   stranger   in   England   will   be   surprised   to   find   that   in   that   country A   people   have   little   knowledge   of   football 。 B   girls   are   more   interested   in   football   than   boys 。 C   even   small   boys   know   a   lot   about   football 。 D   children   are   not   interested   in   football   at   all 。 3 . There   is   a   great   difference   between   schools   in   England   and   those   in   Europe   in   that A   European   schools   take   football   seriously 。 B   European   schools   often   arrange   football   matches   for   their   pupils 。 C   schools   in   England   care   little   about   lessons 。 D   schools   in   England   believe   character   training   to   be   part   of   education 。 4 . According   to   the   passage ，   which   of   the   following   is   NOT   true   of   the   football   game ？ A   It   makes   people   selfish 。 B   It   encourages   cooperation 。 C   It   is   good   for   health 。 D   It   is   not   expensive 。 5 . What   is   the   author ' s   attitude   towards   the   football   game   in   England ？ A   Critical 。 B   Positive 。 C   Negative 。 D   Doubtful 。 本期 参考答案 ： 一 、 词汇 选项 ： 01 .   A 　 　 02 .   C 　 　 03 .   D 　 　 04 .   C 　 　 05 .   B     06 .   D 　 　 07 .   C 　 　 08 .   B 　 　 09 .   A 　 　 10 .   A 11 .   A 　 　 12 .   D 　 　 13 .   D 　 　 14 .   C 　 　 15 .   B 二 、 阅读 判断 ： ABCBBAB 三 、 阅读 理解 ： 31 .   D 　 　 32 .   C 　 　 33 .   D 　 　 34 .   A 　 　 35 .   B 