GMAT 论道 之 形合 Vs 意合 之 分析 第一类   ： 李代桃僵 — — 以非 并列结构 连词 手段 引起 意合 老 PREP   60 .   ( 27763 - ! - item - ! - 188 ; # 058 & 003346 ) Mideast   immigrants '   rates   of   entrepreneurship   exceed   virtually   every   other   immigrant   group   in   the   increasingly   diverse   United   States   economy . A .   Mideast   immigrants '   rates   of   entrepreneurship   exceed B .   Mideast   immigrants   are   exhibiting   rates   of   entrepreneurship   exceeding C .   Immigrants   from   the   Mideast   exhibit   rates   of   entrepreneurship   exceeding   those   of D .   The   rates   of   entrepreneurship   in   immigrants   from   the   Mideast   exceed E .   The   rates   of   Mideast   immigrants '   entrepreneurship   exceeds   those   of 本题 的 题眼 在于 “ exceed ” ， 其实 这是 一个 隐含 的 比较 ， A   超过 B ， 一个 隐含 前提 是 A 和 B 需要 是 对 等 的 事物 。 以此 切入 ， 可知 本题 是 两个 rates 进行 比较 ， 所以 those   of 一定 要 出现 。 易得 正确 选项 C 。 延伸 ： 既然 exceed 有 这种 意合 ， 那么 所以 隐含 了 比较 的 动词 是否 都 应该 引起 我们 的 警惕 ？ surpass 、 overweight … … 新 PREP   220 .   ( 29238 - ! - item - ! - 188 ; # 058 & 003590 )   ( GWD - 6 - Q31 ) The   fact   of   some   fraternal   twins   resembling   each   other   greatly   and   others   looking   quite   dissimilar   highlights   an   interesting   and   often   overlooked   feature   of   fraternal - twin   pairs ,   namely   they   vary   considerably   on   a   spectrum   of   genetic   relatedness 。 A .   The   fact   of   some   fraternal   twins   resembling   each   other   greatly   and   others   looking   quite   dissimilar   highlights   an   interesting   and   often   overlooked   feature   of   fraternal - twin   pairs ,   namely   they   vary   considerably B .   That   some   fraternal   twins   resemble   each   other   greatly   while   others   look   quite   dissimilar   highlights   an   interesting   and   often   overlooked   feature   of   fraternal - twin   pairs ,   namely   that   they   vary   considerably C .   With   some   fraternal   twins   resembling   each   other   greatly   and   others   looking   quite   dissimilar ,   it   highlights   an   interesting   and   often   overlooked   feature   of   fraternal - twin   pairs ,   namely   considerable   variation D .   With   some   fraternal   twins   resembling   each   other   greatly   and   others   looking   quite   dissimilar ,   it   is   a   fact   that   highlights   an   interesting   and   often   overlooked   feature   of   fraternal - twin   pairs ,   namely   a   considerable   variation E .   Because   some   fraternal   twins   resemble   each   other   greatly   and   others   look   quite   dissimilar ,   this   fact   highlights   an   interesting   and   often   overlooked   feature   of   fraternal - twin   pairs ,   namely   they   vary   considerably 此题 看点 在于 命题 老头 对 原句 精妙 的 改写 。 请 看 ： That   some   fraternal   twins   resemble   each   other   greatly   while   others   look   quite   dissimilar .   意思 上 是不是 等于 that   they   vary   considerably ？   所以 这个 句子 的 原貌 是 ： That   some   fraternal   twins   resemble   each   other   greatly   while   others   look   quite   dissimilar ,   namely   that   they   vary   considerably ， ( 到 此处 为主 语 )   highlights ( 谓语 )   an   interesting   and   often   overlooked   feature   of   fraternal - twin   pairs 。 此处 ， namely 引起 了 一个 意合 ， 要求 两端 的 形式 尽量 一致 。 那么 ， 为啥 读者 读到 的 最后 版本 的 句子 和 上面 这个 不同 呢 ？ 原因 很 简单 ， 就是 命题 者 依据 避免 主语 过长 的 原则 ， 把 namely 后面 的 半截 移到 了 句子 最后 ， 进一步 加大 了 题目 的 难度 。 这 一招 在 其它 题目 也 出现 过 ， 请 看 这题 ： GWD - 11 - Q33 : After   more   than   four   decades   of   research   and   development ,   a   new   type   of   jet   engine   is   being   tested   that   could   eventually   propel   aircraft   anywhere   in   the   world   within   two   hours   or   help   boost   cargoes   into   space   at   significantly   lower   costs   than   current   methods   permit 。 A .   tested   that   could   eventually   propel   aircraft   anywhere   in   the   world   within   two   hours   or   help B .   tested   that   could   eventually   have   the   capability   of   propelling   aircraft   anywhere   in   the   world   within   two   hours   or   to   help C .   tested ,   eventually   able   to   propel   aircraft   anywhere   in   the   world   within   two   hours ,   or   helping D .   tested ,   and   it   eventually   could   propel   aircraft   anywhere   in   the   world   within   two   hours   or   helping E .   tested ,   and   it   could   eventually   have   the   capability   to   propel   aircraft   anywhere   in   the   world   within   two   hours   or   help that 从句 实际上 修饰 的 是 engine ， 可是 被 挪后 了 ， 目的 也 是 为了 减少 主语 的 长度 。 延伸 ： 老头 连 namely 都 能 编出 意合 的 题目 ， 所以 请 一定 留心 能 表达 出 两边 相等 关系 的 东东 ， 如 be 动词 ， A   means   B 等等 。 第二类 ： 暗度陈仓 — 形式 并列 松散 ， 逻辑 呼应 紧密 188 .   ( 28112 - ! - item - ! - 188 ; # 058 & 002759 )   ( GWD - 7 - Q33 ) The   health   benefits   of   tea   have   been   the   subject   of   much   research ;   in   addition   to   its   possibilities   for   preventing   and   inhibiting   some   forms   of   cancer ,   the   brewed   leaves   of   Camellia   sinensis   may   also   play   a   role   in   reducing   the   risk   of   heart   disease   and   stroke 。 A .   in   addition   to   its   possibilities   for   preventing   and   inhibiting B .   in   addition   to   its   possibilities   to   prevent   or   inhibit C .   besides   the   possibility   that   it   prevents   and   inhibits D .   besides   the   possible   preventing   and   inhibiting   of E .   besides   possibly   preventing   or   inhibiting 此题 咋 看着   in   addition   to 或者 besides 不 知道 怎么 用 ， 因为 很多 人生 硬地 认为 主语 和 in   addiction   to   之后 的 东西 应该 平行 ， 其实不然 ， 该题 的 妙处 ， 也 是 在于 意合 ， 读者 需要 判断 ， “ 防治 癌症 ” 这 事儿 ， 到底 和 句子 中 哪个 地方 有 资格 构成 “ 意合 ” ？ 如果 还 没 看出 ， 请 允许 我 重温 一下 老头 挪 位置 的 常用 伎俩 ， 看看 这个 被 我 挪过 的 句子 ： The   brewed   leaves   of   Camellia   sinensis   may   also   play   a   role   in   reducing   the   risk   of   heart   disease   and   stroke ,   besides   possibly   preventing   or   inhibiting   some   forms   of   cancer 这会儿 看 明白 了 吧 ， 实际上 ， 他们 需要 和 in   reducing   the   risk   of   heart   disease   and   stroke 平行 ， 本题 答案 也 呼之欲出 了 。 当然 ， 本题 还有 其它 看点 ， 容后 再述 。 有 了 这题 的 基础 ， 大家 应该 会 比较 明天 PREP 里面 大家 一直 郁闷 的 两题 ， 答案 是 怎么回事 ， 因为 ，   In   addition   to   到底 和 谁 平行 ， 不是 由 谁 放在 主语 说了算 ， 而是 意思 说了算 ！ In   addition   to   her   work   on   the   Miocene   hominid   fossil   record ,   Mary   Leakey   contributed   to   archaeology   with   her   discovery   of   the   earliest   direct   evidence   of   hominid   activity   and   painstakingly   documenting   East   African   cave   paintings 。 加粗 部分 才 是 真正 的 平行 双方 。 ( A )   Leakey   contributed   to   archaeology   with   her   discovery   of   the   earliest   direct   evidence   of   hominid   activity   and   painstakingly   documenting ( B )   Leakey   contributed   to   archaeology   by   her   discovery   of   the   earliest   direct   evidence   of   hominid   activity   and   by   painstakingly   documenting ( C )   Leakey   was   a   contributor   to   archaeology   with   her   discovery   of   the   earliest   direct   evidence   of   hominid   activity   and   with   her   painstaking   documentation   of ( D )   Leakey ' s   contributions   to   archaeology   include   her   discovery   of   the   earliest   direct   evidence   of   hominid   activity   and   her   painstaking   documentation   of ( E )   Leakey ' s   contributions   to   archaeology   include   discovering   the   earliest   direct   evidence   of   hominid   activity   and   painstaking   documentation   of 129 .   ( 31370 - ! - item - ! - 188 ; # 058 & 004475 ) In   addition   to   her   work   on   the   Miocene   hominid   fossil   record ,   Mary   Leakey   contributed   to   archaeology   through   her   discovery   of   the   earliest   direct   evidence   of   hominid   activity   and   through   her   painstaking   documentation   of   East   African   cave   paintings 。 ( A )   Mary   Leakey   contributed   to   archaeology   through   her   discovery   of   the   earliest   direct   evidence   of   hominid   activity   and   through   her   painstaking   documentation   of ( B )   Mary   Leakey   contributed   to   archaeology   by   her   discovery   of   the   earliest   direct   evidence   of   hominid   activity   and   painstakingly   documenting ( C )   Mary   Leakey   was   a   contributor   to   archaeology   by   discovering   the   earliest   direct   evidence   of   hominid   activity   and   with   her   painstaking   documentation   of ( D )   Mary   Leakey ' s   contributions   to   archaeology   include   her   discovery   of   the   earliest   direct   evidence   of   hominid   activity   and   painstakingly   documenting ( E )   Mary   Leakey ' s   contributions   to   archaeology   include   her   discovering   the   earliest   direct   evidence   of   hominid   activity   and   painstaking   documentation   of 第三类 ： 声东击西 — — 以 形合 诱敌 ， 以意 合击 之 197 .   ( 31514 - ! - item - ! - 188 ; # 058 & 005971 )   ( GWD - 8 - Q20 ) Not   only   did   the   systematic   clearing   of   forests   in   the   United   States   create   farmland   ( especially   in   the   Northeast )   and   gave   consumers   relatively   inexpensive   houses   and   furniture ,   but   it   also   caused   erosion   and   very   quickly   deforested   whole   regions 。 A .   Not   only   did   the   systematic   clearing   of   forests   in   the   United   States   create   farmland   ( especially   in   the   Northeast )   and   gave   consumers   relatively   inexpensive   houses   and   furniture ,   but   it   also B .   Not   only   did   the   systematic   clearing   of   forests   in   the   United   States   create   farmland   ( especially   in   the   Northeast ) ，   which   gave   consumers   relatively   inexpensive   houses   and   furniture ,   but   also C .   The   systematic   clearing   of   forests   in   the   United   States ,   creating   farmland   ( especially   in   the   Northeast )   and   giving   consumers   relatively   inexpensive   houses   and   furniture ,   but   also D .   The   systematic   clearing   of   forests   in   the   United   States   created   farmland   ( especially   in   the   Northeast )   and   gave   consumers   relatively   inexpensive   houses   and   furniture ,   but   it   also E .   The   systematic   clearing   of   forests   in   the   United   States   not   only   created   farmland   ( especially   in   the   Northeast ) ，   giving   consumers   relatively   inexpensive   houses   and   furniture ,   but   it 此题 容易 先入为主 排除 没有 not   only   but   also 的 选项 。 实际上 已经 犯 了 一个 错误 ： 谁 告诉 你 这个 句子 是 并列 关系 了 ？ 实际上 这句 前后 是 转折 关系 ， 选 的 答案 是 D 。 当然 ， 本题 也 可以 通过 杀灭 其它 选项 获得 答案 。 要 强调 的 是 避免 先入为主 这种 错误 的 做题 习惯 。 Thelonious   Monk ,   who   was   a   jazz   pianist   and   composer ,   produced   a   body   of   work   both   rooted   in   the   stride - piano   tradition   of   Willie   ( The   Lion )   Smith   and   Duke   Ellington ,   yet   in   many   ways   he   stood   apart   from   the   mainstream   jazz   repertory 。 A .   Thelonious   Monk ,   who   was   a   jazz   pianist   and   composer ,   produced   a   body   of   work   both   rooted B .   Thelonious   Monk ,   the   jazz   pianist   and   composer ,   produced   a   body   of   work   that   was   rooted   both C .   Jazz   pianist   and   composer   Thelonious   Monk ,   who   produced   a   body   of   work   rooted D .   Jazz   pianist   and   composer   Thelonious   Monk   produced   a   body   of   work   that   was   rooted E .   Jazz   pianist   and   composer   Thelonious   Monk   produced   a   body   of   work   rooted   both 同上理 ， 避免 上来 就 判断 人家 必用 both   … and 结构 。 人家 可以 不用 。 同时 这题 也 可以 看到 一些 教师 引导 考生 不 需要 思维过程 就 做出 判定 的 所谓 “ 命题 者 偏好 ” 是 多么 脆弱 。 D 选项 用 的 正是 所谓 “ 偏好 ” 中 不 倾向 的 从句 做 定语 。 老 PREP   1 .   ( 24465 - ! - item - ! - 188 ; # 058 & 000982 ) To   meet   the   rapidly   rising   market   demand   for   fish   and   seafood ,   suppliers   are   growing   fish   twice   as   fast   as   their   natural   growth   rate ,   cutting   their   feed   allotment   by   nearly   half   and   raising   them   on   special   diets 。 ( A )   their   natural   growth   rate ,   cutting   their   feed   allotment ( B )   their   natural   growth   rate ,   their   feed   allotment   cut ( C )   growing   them   naturally ,   cutting   their   feed   allotment ( D )   they   grow   naturally ,   cutting   their   feed   allotment ( E )   they   grow   naturally ,   with   their   feed   allotment   cut 本题 容易 根据 划线 外 的 growing   选择 C 答案 。 然而 ， 此题 的 关键在于 看出 划线 外 的 grow 和 内 的 grow 意思 其实 并不相同 。 外面 的 grow 是 及物动词 ， 意思 大概 相当于 “ 养 ” ， 里面 的 grow 是 不 及物动词 ， 意思 为 “ 生长 ” ， 一个 “ naturally ” 已经 提示 了 我们 ， 这个 grow 不是 被 人养 的 grow 。 故 本题 选择 D 。 第四类 ： 围魏救赵 — — 杠杆 里面 做文章 Seldom   more   that   40   feet   wide   and   12   feet   deep ,   but   it   ran   363   miles   across   the   rugged   wilderness   of   upstate   New   York ,   the   Erie   Canal   connected   the   Hudson   River   at   Albany   to   the   Great   Lakes   at   Buffalo ,   providing   the   port   of   New   York   City   with   a   direct   water   link   to   the   heartland   of   the   North   American   continent 。 1 .   Seldom   more   than   40   feet   wide   and   12   feet   deep ,   but   it   ran   363   miles   across   the   rugged   wilderness   of   upstate   New   York ,   the   Erie   Canal   connected 2 .   Seldom   more   than   40   feet   wide   or   12   feet   deep   but   running   363   miles   across   the   rugged   wilderness   of   upstate   New   York ,   the   Erie   Canal   connected •   It   was   seldom   more   than   40   feet   wide   and   12   feet   deep ,   and   ran   363   miles   across   the   rugged   wilderness   of   upstate   New   York ,   but   the   Erie   Canal ,   connecting •   The   Erie   Canal   was   seldom   more   than   40   feet   wide   or   12   feet   deep   and   it   ran   363   miles   across   the   rugged   wilderness   of   upstate   New   York ,   which   connected •   The   Erie   Canal ,   seldom   more   than   40   feet   wide   and   12   feet   deep ,   but   running   363   miles   across   the   rugged   wilderness   of   upstate   New   York ,   connecting 看到 老头 的 小动作 了 吗 ？ 考生 光顾 着 琢磨 并列结构 的 两边 了 ， 却 忽视 了 串联 他们 的 “ 杠杆 ” 。 实际上 串联 两边 的 连词 传递 了 两端 不同 的 逻辑关系 。 对应 本题 ， 正确 的 串联 应该 是 or ... but 。 因为 前 半句 是 否定句 ， 而 两句 之间 是 转折 关系 。 另 上文 还有 两题 亦 有 此 现象 。 The   fact   of   some   fraternal   twins   resembling   each   other   greatly   and   others   looking   quite   dissimilar   highlights   an   interesting   and   often   overlooked   feature   of   fraternal - twin   pairs ,   namely   they   vary   considerably   on   a   spectrum   of   genetic   relatedness 。 A .   The   fact   of   some   fraternal   twins   resembling   each   other   greatly   and   others   looking   quite   dissimilar   highlights   an   interesting   and   often   overlooked   feature   of   fraternal - twin   pairs ,   namely   they   vary   considerably B .   That   some   fraternal   twins   resemble   each   other   greatly   while   others   look   quite   dissimilar   highlights   an   interesting   and   often   overlooked   feature   of   fraternal - twin   pairs ,   namely   that   they   vary   considerably C .   With   some   fraternal   twins   resembling   each   other   greatly   and   others   looking   quite   dissimilar ,   it   highlights   an   interesting   and   often   overlooked   feature   of   fraternal - twin   pairs ,   namely   considerable   variation D .   With   some   fraternal   twins   resembling   each   other   greatly   and   others   looking   quite   dissimilar ,   it   is   a   fact   that   highlights   an   interesting   and   often   overlooked   feature   of   fraternal - twin   pairs ,   namely   a   considerable   variation E .   Because   some   fraternal   twins   resemble   each   other   greatly   and   others   look   quite   dissimilar ,   this   fact   highlights   an   interesting   and   often   overlooked   feature   of   fraternal - twin   pairs ,   namely   they   vary   considerably 经过 上文 唧唧 歪歪 的 用 namely 的 意合 做法 ， 这时候 是不是 有种 四两拨千斤 的 感觉 ？ The   health   benefits   of   tea   have   been   the   subject   of   much   research ;   in   addition   to   its   possibilities   for   preventing   and   inhibiting   some   forms   of   cancer ,   the   brewed   leaves   of   Camellia   sinensis   may   also   play   a   role   in   reducing   the   risk   of   heart   disease   and   stroke 。 A .   in   addition   to   its   possibilities   for   preventing   and   inhibiting B .   in   addition   to   its   possibilities   to   prevent   or   inhibit C .   besides   the   possibility   that   it   prevents   and   inhibits D .   besides   the   possible   preventing   and   inhibiting   of E .   besides   possibly   preventing   or   inhibiting 大家 看出 and   和 or 用法 带来 的 意思 区别 吗 ？   一个 是 同时 出现 ， 一个 是 二选 一 。 而 预防 和 治疗 两个 动作 不 可能 同时 出现 ， 所以 只能 选择 or 。 