2010 年 7 月 GMAT 考试 写作 机经 701 AA1 : 是 说 在家 工作 好 还是 在 office 工作 好 ， 举 了 三点 原因   1 、 容易 受 干扰   2 、 消息 不 灵通   3 、 容易 懈怠 AA2 ： The   following   appeared   in   a   memorandum   from   the   Director   of   Human   Resources   to   the   executive   officers   of   Company   X 。 “ Last   year ,   we   surveyed   our   employees   on   improvements   needed   at   Company   X   by   having   them   rank ,   in   order   of   importance ,   the   issues   presented   in   a   list   of   possible   improvements .   Improved   communications   between   employees   and   management   was   consistently   ranked   as   the   issue   of   highest   importance   by   the   employees   who   responded   to   the   survey .   As   you   know ,   we   have   since   instituted   regular   communications   sessions   conducted   by   high - level   management ,   which   the   employees   can   attend   on   a   voluntary   basis .   Therefore ,   it   is   likely   that   most   employees   at   Company   X   now   feel   that   the   improvement   most   needed   at   the   company   has   been   made 。 AI1 ： “ Technology   ultimately   separates   and   alienates   people   more   than   it   serves   to   bring   them   together 。 ” AI2 ： “ Since   the   physical   work   environment   affects   employee   productivity   and   morale ,   the   employees   themselves   should   have   the   right   to   decide   how   their   workplace   is   designed 。 ” 702 AA1 ： The   following   appeared   as   part   of   an   article   in   the   education   section   of   a   Waymarsh   city   newspaper 。 " Throughout   the   last   two   decades ,   those   woho   earned   graduate   degrees   found   it   very   difficult   to   get   jobs   teaching   their   academic   specialties   at   the   college   level .   Those   with   graduate   degrees   from   Waymarsh   University   had   an   especially   hard   time   finding   such   jobs .   But   better   times   are   coming   in   the   next   decade   for   all   academic   job   seekers ,   including   those   from   Waymarsh .   Demographic   trends   indicate   that   an   increasing   number   of   people   will   be   reaching   college   age   over   the   next   10   years :   consequently ,   we   can   expect   that   the   job   market   will   improve   dramatically   for   people   seeking   college - level   teaching   positions   in   their   fields " AA2 ： The   following   appeared   in   the   editorial   section   of   a   West   Cambria   newspaper 。 “ A   recent   review   of   the   West   Cambria   volunteer   ambulance   service   revealed   a   longer   average   response   time   to   accidents   than   was   reported   by   a   commercial   ambulance   squad   located   in   East   Cambria .   In   order   to   provide   better   patient   care   for   accident   victims   and   to   raise   revenue   for   our   town   by   collecting   service   fees   for   ambulance   use ,   we   should   disband   our   volunteer   service   and   hire   a   commercial   ambulance   service 。 ” AI3 ： June   sales   reach   to   highest   level   this   year   Febrary   sales   lower   because   advertisements   on   luxury   automobiles   models   or   on   inexpensive   models 。 AA4 : The   following   appeared   in   a   memorandum   from   the   Director   of   Human   Resources   to   the   executive   officers   of   Company   X 。 “ Last   year ,   we   surveyed   our   employees   on   improvements   needed   at   Company   X   by   having   them   rank ,   in   order   of   importance ,   the   issues   presented   in   a   list   of   possible   improvements .   Improved   communications   between   employees   and   management   was   consistently   ranked   as   the   issue   of   highest   importance   by   the   employees   who   responded   to   the   survey .   As   you   know ,   we   have   since   instituted   regular   communications   sessions   conducted   by   high - level   management ,   which   the   employees   can   attend   on   a   voluntary   basis .   Therefore ,   it   is   likely   that   most   employees   at   Company   X   now   feel   that   the   improvement   most   needed   at   the   company   has   been   made 。 ” ( 删除 ， 同 702 - AA2 ) AA5 ： The   following   appeared   in   the   editorial   section   of   a   West   Cambria   newspaper 。 “ A   recent   review   of   the   West   Cambria   volunteer   ambulance   service   revealed   a   longer   average   response   time   to   accidents   than   was   reported   by   a   commercial   ambulance   squad   located   in   East   Cambria .   In   order   to   provide   better   patient   care   for   accident   victims   and   to   raise   revenue   for   our   town   by   collecting   service   fees   for   ambulance   use ,   we   should   disband   our   volunteer   service   and   hire   a   commercial   ambulance   service 。 ” Discuss   how   well   reasoned ...   etc 。 AA6 ： “ There   is   a   common   misconception   that   university   hospitals   are   better   than   community   or   private   hospitals .   This   notion   is   unfounded ,   however :   the   university   hospitals   in   our   region   employ   15   percent   fewer   doctors ,   have   a   20   percent   lower   success   rate   in   treating   patients ,   make   far   less   overall   profit ,   and   pay   their   medical   staff   considerably   less   than   do   private   hospitals .   Furthermore ,   many   doctors   at   university   hospitals   typically   divide   their   time   among   teaching ,   conducting   research ,   and   treating   patients .   From   this   it   seems   clear   that   the   quality   of   care   at   university   hospitals   is   lower   than   that   at   other   kinds   of   hospitals 。 ”   有 一种 普遍 的 错误观念 认为 大学 医院 比 社区 或 私人 医院 更好 。 这个 想法 是 无 根据 的 ， 我们 地区 的 大学 医院 较之 私人 医院 ， 少雇 15% 的 医生 ， 对 患者 的 治愈率 要 低 20% ， 总体 利润 要 小得多 ， 给 一户 员工 的 待遇 比 私人 医院 低 很多 。 而且 ， 很多 大学 医院 的 医生 将 他们 的 时间 分为 教学 ， 直到 研究 和 看病 几 部分 。 从此 可 明显 看出 大学 医院 的 服务质量 比 其他 医院 低 。 AI1 ： " People   have   a   duty   to   disobey   laws   that   they   consider   unjust . " AI2 ： “ Too   many   people   think   only   about   getting   results .   The   key   to   success ,   however ,   is   to   focus   on   the   specific   task   at   hand   and   not   to   worry   about   results 。 ” AI3 ： “ Technology   ultimately   separates   and   alienates   people   more   than   it   serves   to   bring   them   together 。 ” AI4 ： “ Since   the   physical   work   environment   affects   employee   productivity   and   morale ,   the   employees   themselves   should   have   the   right   to   decide   how   their   workplace   is   designed 。 AI5 ： 技术革新 和 市场需求 变化 导致 员工 被 淘汰 ， 作者 认为 应该 由 员工 独自 承担 适应 这种 变化 的 责任 ， 企业 和 政府 不 需承担 任何 义务 。 