复习 宝典 ： 提高 托福 口语 的 八大 策略 提示 1 Practice   wherever   you   can   and   whenever   you   can .   Any   practice   is   good ,   whether   you   speak   to   someone   who   is   a   native   English   speaker   or   not 。 随时随地 练习 口语 。 提示 2 It ' s   important   to   build   your   confidence .   If   possible ,   use   simple   English   sentence   structure   that   you   know   is   correct ,   so   that   you   can   concentrate   on   getting   your   message   across 。 以 表达清晰 为主 ， 句型 多样化 为次 。 提示 3 Try   to   experiment   with   the   English   you   know .   Use   words   and   phrases   you   know   in   new   situations .   Native   English   speakers   are   more   likely   to   correct   you   if   you   use   the   wrong   word   than   if   you   use   the   wrong   grammar .   Experimenting   with   vocabulary   is   a   really   good   way   of   getting   feedback 。 大胆 运用 所 掌握 的 词汇 ， 不要 过分 拘泥于 语法 。 提示 4 Try   to   respond   to   what   people   say   to   you .   You   can   often   get   clues   to   what   people   think   by   looking   at   their   body   language .   Respond   to   them   in   a   natural   way 。 透过 身体语言 理解 对方 意思 并 作出 回应 。 提示 5 Try   not   to   translate   from   or   into   your   own   language .   This   takes   too   much   time   and   will   make   you   more   hesitant 。 尽量避免 翻译 。 提示 6 If   you   forget   a   word ,   do   what   native   English   speakers   do   all   the   time ,   and   say   things   that   " fill "   the   conversation .   This   is   better   than   being   completely   silent .   Try   using   um   or   er ,   if   you   forget   the   word 。 遇到 不知 该 如何 表达 的 时候 ， 用 一些 常用词 表示 自己 正在 思考 。 提示 7 Don ' t   speak   too   fast .   It ' s   important   to   use   a   natural   rhythm   when   speaking   English .   But   if   you   speak   too   fast ,   it   will   be   difficult   for   people   to   understand   you 。 语速 不要 过快 。 提示 8 Try   to   relax   when   you   speak .   When   you   speak   English   at   a   normal   speed ,   you   will   discover   that   most   of   the   pronunciation   skills ,   such   as   linking   between   words ,   will   happen   automatically 。 说话 时 尽量 放松 ， 让 发音 流利 顺畅 。 最后 温情 提示 ： Don ' t   be   shy   to   speak !   The   more   you   practise ,   the   more   confident   you ' ll   become 。 