高效 备考 新 托福 写作 ： 范文 举例 Telecommuting Telecommuting - -   substituting   the   computer   for   the   trip   to   the   job   - - - -   has   been   hailed   as   a   solution   to   all   kinds   of   problems   related   to   office   work 。 For   workers   it   promises   freedom   from   the   office ,   less   time   wasted   in   traffic ,   and   help   with   child - care   conflicts .   For   management ,   telecommuting   helps   keep   high   performers   on   board ,   minimizes   tardiness   and   absenteeism   by   eliminating   commutes ,   allows   periods   of   solitude   for   high - concentration   tasks ,   and   provides   scheduling   flexibility .   In   some   areas ,   such   as   Southern   California   and   Seattle ,   Washington ,   local   governments   are   encouraging   companies   to   start   telecommuting   programs   in   order   to   reduce   rush - hour   congestion   and   improve   air   quality 。 But   these   benefits   do   not   come   easily .   Making   a   telecommuting   program   work   requires   careful   planning   and   an   understanding   of   the   differences   between   telecommuting   realities   and   popular   images 。 Many   workers   are   seduced   by   rosy   illusions   of   life   as   a   telecommuter .   A   computer   programmer   from   New   York   City   moves   to   the   tranquil   Adirondack   Mountains   and   stays   in   contact   with   her   office   via   computer .   A   manager   comes   in   to   his   office   three   days   a   week   and   works   at   home   the   other   two .   An   accountant   stays   home   to   care   for   her   sick   child ;   she   hooks   up   her   telephone   modern   connections   and   does   office   work   between   calls   to   the   doctor 。 These   are   powerful   images ,   but   they   are   a   limited   reflection   of   reality .   Telecommuting   workers   soon   learn   that   it   is   almost   impossible   to   concentrate   on   work   and   care   for   a   young   child   at   the   same   time .   Before   a   certain   age ,   young   children   cannot   recognize ,   much   less   respect ,   the   necessary   boundaries   between   work   and   family .   Additional   child   support   is   necessary   if   the   parent   is   to   get   any   work   done 。 Management   too   must   separate   the   myth   from   the   reality .   Although   the   media   has   paid   a   great   deal   of   attention   to   telecommuting   in   most   cases   it   is   the   employee ’ s   situation ,   not   the   availability   of   technology   that   precipitates   a   telecommuting   arrangement 。 That   is   partly   why ,   despite   the   widespread   press   coverage ,   the   number   of   companies   with   work - at - home   programs   or   policy   guidelines   remains   small . 