2011 年 4 月 雅思 写作 整体 预测 整个 四月 的 预测 相对来说 来说 容易 一点 ， 小 作文 方面 还是 要 多 注意 流程图 出现 的 概率 ， 另外 是 折线 和 表格 1 . Some     people   believe   that   time   spent   on   television ，   video   and   computer   games   can   be   valuable   for   children .   Others   believe   this   has   negative   effects   on   a   child .   Discuss   both   views   and   give   your   own   opinion 。 2 . Some   people   think   museums   should   be   enjoyable   places   to   attract   and   entertain   young   people .   Other   think   the   purpose   of   museums   is   to   educate ，   not   to   entertain .   Discuss   both   views   and   give   your   own   opinion .   ？ 3 . Some   people   say   modern   children ' s   games   do   not   develop   a   wide   range   of   skills ，   while   traditional   games   can   be   much   better   for   developing   such   skills .   To   what   extent   do   you   agree   or   disagree ？ 4 . Many   people   think   it   is   very   important   to   protect   environment   but   they   make   no   effort   to   do   it   themselves .   Why   does   it   happen ？   How   to   solve   this   problem ？ ？ 5 . Detailed   description   of   crimes   on   newspaper   and   TV   can   have   bad   consequences   on   society ，   so   this   kind   of   information   should   be   restricted   on   media .   To   what   extent   do   you   agree   or   disagree   with   this   statement ？ 6 . Some   people   think   that   children   should   obey   the   rules   or   do   what   their   parents   and   teachers   want   them   to   do .   Other   people   think   that   children   controlled   too   much   can ‘ t   deal   with   problem   themselves .   Discuss   both   views   and   state   your   own   opinion . ？ 7 . Most   countries   spend   much   money   on   education ，   as   they   start   to   realize   the   importance   of   education .   In   your   opinion   which   two   subjects   are   the   most   important   for   young   people   and   which   one   is   the   least   important ？ subjects ：     Literature               Sports   Mathematics         Economy   Physics                       History   Music                           Geography 8 . School   teachers   used   to   be   the   source   of   information ；   however ，   some   people   argue   that   teachers   are   not   as   important   as   before   as   the   increasing   variety   of   information   resources .   What   is   your   opinion ？ 9 . Some   teachers   think   it   is   effective   for   students   to   study   in   group   while   others   think   it   is   better   to   study   alone .   What   are   the   benefits   of   each   way   and   which   one   do   you   think   is   more   effective ？ 10 . Some   countries   have   an   ever - increasing   proportion   of   population   who   are   aged   15   and   younger .   What   is   your   opinion   of   the   current   and   future   effects   it   may   have   in   those   countries ？ 