雅思 话题 写作 ： 延迟 退休 成为 全球 趋势 由于 全球 人口 平均 预期 寿命 的 不断 增长 和 老龄化 现象 的 加剧 ， 各国 都 面临 养老金 不足 和 社会保险 经济 压力 过重 的 问题 。 包括 英国 、 德国 、 法国 、 美国 在内 的 众多 国家 都 不约而同 地 出台 了 延迟 法定 退休年龄 的 措施 ， 这一 现象 已经 成为 世界 流行 的 趋势 。 同时 ， 也 因为 损害 了 劳动者 权益 ， 遭到 了 其 国内 民众 的 强烈 反对 ： EU   urges   governments   to   raise   retirement   age ( BRUSSELS )   -   European   governments   need   to   raise   the   retirement   age   because   workers   are   living   longer   and   their   pension   systems   could   implode ,   the   European   Commission   said   on   Wednesday 。 The   European   Union ' s   executive   arm   formally   launched   a   debate   already   raging   in   several   EU   countries   that   are   planning   unpopular   measures   to   bring   down   huge   public   deficits   and   keep   their   pension   systems   afloat 。 " The   number   of   retired   people   in   Europe   compared   to   those   financing   their   pensions   is   forecast   to   double   by   2060   - -   the   current   situation   is   simply   not   sustainable , "   said   EU   social   affairs   commissioner   Laszlo   Andor 。 " The   choice   we   face   is   poorer   pensioners ,   higher   pension   contributions   or   more   people   working   more   and   longer , "   Andor   said   at   the   official   presentation   of   a   " green   paper "   on   pensions 。 Weak   growth ,   ballooning   national   debt   and   higher   unemployment   " have   made   it   harder "   to   make   good   on   pension   promises   and   " more   urgent "   to   reform   them ,   the   commission   paper   says 。 In   the   past   50   years ,   life   expectancy   in   the   European   Union   has   risen   by   about   five   years   and   could   increase   by   another   seven   years   by   2060 ,   the   commission   says 。 At   the   moment   there   are   four   working - age   people   for   every   person   over   65   in   the   27 - nation   EU .   That   ratio   will   drop   to   two   for   every   person   over   65   by   2060 ,   the   commission   says 。 On   average ,   Europeans   retired   at   the   age   of   61.4   in   2008 . This   compares   to   65   years   for   workers   in   the   United   States   and   70   years   in   Japan .   In   the   31 - nation   Organisation   for   Economic   Cooperation   and   Development ,   the   average   retirement   age   for   men   is   63.5 . Andor   denied   " unfounded   rumours "   that   he   was   calling   for   the   retirement   age   to   be   raised   to   70   in   Europe 。 John   Monks ,   general   secretary   of   the   European   Trade   Union   Confederation ,   said   the   commission ' s   proposal   was   " unrealistic " 。 " Where   is   the   evidence   that   employers   want   to   keep   older   workers   in   work ? "   Monks   said   in   a   statement 。 " We   know   the   life   expectation   is   rising   but   see   no   evidence   that   a   higher   age   of   retirement   would   be   matched   by   employers   developing   workplaces   which   encourage   older   workers   to   remain   at   work , "   he   said 。 我们 来 看看 各国 在 这 一 问题 上 的 不同 反应 ： Govt   denies   immediate   plan   for   retirement   age   rise BEIJING   -   China ' s   human   resources   authorities   are   seeking   to   relieve   growing   public   concerns   over   the   government ' s   reported   consideration   to   lift   the   retirement   age   in   response   to   a   financial   shortage   facing   the   country ' s   pension   fund 。 " China   has   no   immediate   plan   to   adjust   the   retirement   age , "   an   unidentified   official   of   the   Ministry   of   Human   Resources   and   Social   Security   ( MHRSS )   was   quoted   as   saying   on   Thursday   by   People ' s   Daily 。 France   retirement   age   protests   turn   violent ( PARIS )   Protests   against   a   proposed   hike   in   retirement   age   by   the   French   government   took   an   increasingly   radical   turn   with   masked   youths   setting   fires   in   cities   across   France   yesterday 。 UK   retirement   age   challenge   fails In   the   UK ,   a   worker   can   see   their   employment   end   at   the   age   of   65   without   any   redundancy   payment   -   even   if   they   do   not   want   to   retire 。 However   the   judge   in   the   case   said   there   was   a   compelling   case   for   the   compulsory   retirement   age   to   rise 。 