2011 年 5 月 雅思 口语 专家 预测 Part   1 的 固定 问题 和 五月 可能 出现 的 考题 ☆   What ’ s   your   hometown   famous   for ?   Is   it   good   for   young   people ?   What   will   your   hometown   be   like   in   the   future ?   ☆   Did   you   like   reading   books   when   you   were   little ?   What   were   your   favorite   kinds   of   books ?   What   kind   of   books   do   you   like   these   days ?   Do   you   like   writing   letters ? ☆ Do   you   often   visit   museums ?   Do   you   think   museums   are   important   to   our   lives ?   When   was   the   last   time   you   visited   a   museum ?   Is   it   a   good   idea   for   museums   to   sell   goods   to   visitors ?     ( A   Sample   Answer :   It   may   be   a   nice   idea   if   museums   can ’ t   get   enough   funding   and   need   extra   money   to   support   themselves .   And   some   souvenirs   sold   at   museum   gift   shops   are   neat !   But   museums   won ’ t   be   able   to   serve   visitors   well   if   they   simply   focus   on   doing   business 。 ) ☆   Do   you   live   in   a   house   or   a   flat ?   Which   is   your   favorite   room   in   your   house /   flat ? ☆   Can   you   tell   me   something   about   the   public   transport   system   in   your   hometown ? ☆   Did   you   receive   any   gifts   recently ?   What   were   they ? ☆   What   sports   did   you   play   when   you   were   a   child ?   What ’ re   the   differences   between   sports   played   by   boys   and   sports   played   by   girls ?   What ’ re   your   favorite   sports   now ?   What ’ re   your   favorite   outdoor   activities ? ☆   Where   do   you   meet   new   people ?   Where   did   people   meet   new   people   in   the   past ? ☆   Do   you   like   shopping ? ☆   What   kinds   of   pets   do   Chinese   people   like   to   keep ?   Do   people   of   different   ages   prefer   different   pets ? ☆   Do   you   think   air   travel   is   important   to   us ?   ( It   sure   is .   It ’ s   convenient ,   comfortable   and   …   fun .   Some   people   are   concerned   about   its   safety   but   according   to   statistics   air travel   is   actually   safer   than   car   rides 。 ) ☆   What   do   you   collect ?   Why   do   people   collect   things ? ☆   What ' re   your   favorite   public   holidays ? ☆   What ' re   your   favorite   flowers ?   Do   you   think   flowers   are   important   to   Chinese   people ?   Do   flowers   have   any   special   meanings   in   China ? ☆ Is   it   easy   for   you   to   remember   numbers ?   Do   numbers   have   any   special   meanings   in   your   country ? ☆ Do   you   like   dancing ?   Have   you   learned   how   to   dance ?   Why   do   so   many   young   people   like   dancing   today ? ☆   Have   you   ever   been   to   a   concert ?   Did   you   like   it ? ☆ Have   your   neighbors   help   you   with   anything ?   Do   you   prefer   to   have   old   people   or   young   people   as   your   neighbors ? ☆   Do   you   think   people   who   major   in   your   field   can   find   a   job   easily   when   they   graduate ? ☆ Do   you   prefer   to   use   emails   or   letters ? ☆ Do   you   like   advertisements ?   ( Day   8 :   D ： favorite   ad ) ☆   Do   you   think   science   is   important   to   our   lives ?   Why ?   ( Possible   Answers :   Physics   helps   us   figure   out   how   things   work .   /   Chemistry   shows   us   the   structure   of   the   world   and   how materials   interact   with   each   other .   /   Biology   teaches   us   where   living   things   come   from   and   what   living   things   need   to   survive … ) ☆ Why   do   we   need   ads ?   What ’ s   your   favorite   kind   of   advertising ? Part   2   可能 出现 的 卡片 题 ， 没有 标注 星号 的 题 表示 近期 在 亚太区 出现 过 但 频率 较 低 ， 时间 紧 的 同学 只 需要 准备 划 星号 的 卡片 题 即可 。 自然界 ☆   Describe   things   you   can   do   to   help   improve   the   environment 。 ( 十天 口语 p340 ) Describe   a   place   that   has   a   lot   of   water   /   a   lake   or   a   river .   ( 十天 口语 Day   8 :   A &   C ) Describe   a   walk   you   took   with   a   friend .   ( 十天 口语 Day   8 :   C ) Describe   your   favorite   wild   animal 。 城市 与 建筑 Describe   a   place   that   helped   you   learn   about   the   past 。 ( p164 , p165 , p177 老 建筑 ) Describe   a   modern   building .   ( 可以 和 下面 三个 题中 的 一个 合并 在 一起 准备 ) ☆   Describe   a   hotel .   ( Day   8 :   A ) ☆   Describe   a   place   where   there   is   a   lot   of   noise 。 ☆   Describe   a   library .   ( Day   8 :   A ) Describe   a   museum   or   an   art   gallery 。 ( Day   10   p319 ) ☆ Describe   a   historical   place   in   your   hometown 。 ☆   Describe   a   school   you   studied   at   before .   ( Day   7   p116 ) Describe   an   architect . Describe   your   favorite   part   of   your   city / hometown .   /   a   popular   part   of   your   hometown 。 Describe   a   good   way   to   improve   your   health 。 ☆ Describe   a   place   that   has   a   lot   of   water .   ( Day   8   : swimming   pool   /   lake   ) Describe   a   shopping   mall 。 Describe   a   flat   /   house   /   home 。 Describe   your   favorite   place   in   your   city 。 组织 与 个人 ☆   Describe   an   adventurous   person 。 ( How   about   talking   about   a   person   who   likes   adventurous   sports ? ☆ Describe   the   oldest   person   in   your   family .   /   Describe   an   old   person .   ( Day   8 : 双语 感悟 ) Describe   a   friend   who   is   a   leader .   ( a   company   leader   or   a   political   leader ) ☆   Describe   a   successful   person 。 Describe   a   teenager 。 ☆   Describe   a   teacher   who   taught   you   before 。 Describe   one   of   your   childhood   teachers ( 请 注意 本题 中 的 动词 全部 要 用 过去 时 ) 。 Describe   a   TV   show   host / presenter   ( 《 十天 口语 》 p335 ) Describe   a   wealthy   /   rich   person .   ( Day   8   B ) Describe   an   artist   you   admire 。 Describe   a   famous   person   in   a   foreign   country   =   an   international   celebrity 。 ☆   Describe   a   successful   small   company . Describe   a   job   you   wish   to   do   in   the   future . /   Describe   an   interesting   job 。 ☆ Describe   a   person   you   helped   before 。 Describe   a   job   you   wish   to   do   in   the   future 。 休闲 娱乐 Describe   a   hobby   you   had / a   thing   you   often   did   when   you   were   a   child 。 ☆ Describe   an   ad   that   helped   you   buy   something .   ( Day   8 :   D ) ☆   Describe   a   photo .   ( Day   8 :   D ) 