对话 雅思 官方 专家 ： 今天 你 “ 烤鸭 ” 了 没 微 访谈 ： 今天 你 “ 烤鸭 ” 了 没 ？ 出国 留学 成 风潮 ， 雅思考试 领风骚 。 在 梦想 道路 上 蹒跚行走 的 “ 烤鸭 ” 们 ， 是不是 正在 为 不 清楚 官方 政策 、 评分标准 、 考试 安排 等 问题 而 苦恼 ？ 11 月 3 日 下午 ， 英国 大使馆 文教处 专家 Andy   Sheridan ( 微博 ) 做客 新浪 “ 对话 教育 名家 ” 微 访谈 ， 从 官方 角度 为 大家 的 问题 做出 权威 解答 。 雅思 官方 微博 ： Hi .   My   name   is   Andy ,   the   Examiner   Professional   Support   Manager   for   North   and   Central   China .   Basically ,   as   well   as   speaking   /   writing   marking ,   I   am   responsible   for   examiner   recruitment ,   training   &   monitoring ,   and   heavily   involved   in   the   standardization   of   speaking   grading 。 LATTYBABY   ： I   took   the   test   for   four   times ,   but   always   failed   for   speaking   part ,   the   score   is   6 , 5.5 , 6.5   and   6 .   But   I   need   to   go   6.5 ,   I   would   like   to   know   how   can   I   improve   my   speaking   part ?   Thanks 雅思 官方 微博 ： The   IELTS   speaking   component   is   designed   to   assess   a   persons   ‘ natural ’   speaking   level .   By   this   I   mean   that   producing   some   good   memorised   language   will   only   get   you   so   far ,   relying   on   memorisation   will   actually   do   you   more   harm   than   good . 。 。 麦 瓜瓜 酱油   ： 口语 如何 提高 ？ 我 组织 语言 的 思维 总是 会 慢半拍 。 雅思 官方 微博 ： ... For   example ,   if   I   were   to   talk   in   Chinese   using   memorized   phrases   I   wouldn ’ t   sound   very   natural ,   my   fluency   and   pronunciation   would   be   affected   ( two   of   four   the   areas   the   examiner   is   listening   for ) . 。 。 kissingzhen   ： i ' m   about   to   take   the   ielts   test   three   month   after , but   my   speaking   needs   to   improve , and   i   wanna   get   brand   7   or   higher .   how   and   what   can   i   do   in   the   last   three   month ? 雅思 官方 微博 ： It ’ s   not   only   what   you   say ,   but   also   how   you   say   it .   There ' s   no   way   to   trick   through   the   IELTS   speaking   test ,   you   must   improve   your   speaking .   Yes ,   learn   words ,   and   grammar ,   but   you   need   to   practice   how   these   can   be   used   quickly   and   appropriately .   The   only   way   is   to   practice ! 熊二 围脖   ： Hi   Andy ,   I   am   struggling   with   writing ,   and   I   need   7   for   that   part ,   how   can   I   achieve   that ,   what   would   be   your   suggestion ? 雅思 官方 微博 ： Writing :   As   with   speaking ,   you   need   to   improve   your   general   English   in   order   to   do   well   in   all   aspects   of   IELTS .   No   matter   how   good   your   English   is ,   you   also   need   to   make   sure   you   have   fully   understood   and   answered   the   question .   Also ,   have   a   look   at   the   public   band   descriptors 。 kissingzhen   ： currently ,   i   assess   my   listening   , and   i   can   reach   brand   7   .   if   i   hope   to   get   a   higher   brand   , for   example   , my   aim   is   8 ,   what   can   i   do   ?   by   the   way   , i   do   dictation   almost   every   day ( voa ) .   thanks 雅思 官方 微博 ： Hi .   I   think   your   dictation   practice   will   help   a   lot .   Listening   to   VOA   /   BBC   worldservice   is   good   for   you   to   hear   a   range   of   accents   and   generally   should   improve   your   skills .   Keep   up   the   good   work ! HeySunshy   ： I ' m   confused   about   the   listening   part .   When   i   pay   attention   to   the   questions ,   l   can   not   grasp   the   meaning   of   what   is   the   radio   saying .   i   can   not   keep   focusing   on   the   both   . if   is   it   feasible   doing   the   questions   when   the   radio   is   over ? 雅思 官方 微博 ： Hi .   Not   really .   You   have   time   to   read   through   the   questions   before   each   section ,   and   you   should !   This   will   help   you   to   understand   what   you   are   listening   for ,   and   then   answer   as   you   go .   You   can   also   make   notes   on   the   booklet ,   and   confirm   your   answers   during   the   final   10   mins 。 Elsa _ 雪   ： Hi   Andy , I   will   do   IELTS   on   5th   November ,   and   this   is   my   first   time   to   do   IELTS .   But   I   still   struggle   with   my   reading   part .   Could   you   give   me   some   advice   about   how   to   prepare   before   the   exam   ?   Thanks 。 雅思 官方 微博 ： Reading   skills   are   something   you   can   learn   and   develop .   If   you   have   a   good   teacher   they   can   help   you .   Skimming   and   scanning   for   information   is   a   skill   that   can   help   you   save   time   and   locate   the   information   you   need   efficiently . Reading   the   questions   first   might   help   you   too ! cn _ la ： hi   Andy , i   took   ielts   exam   once   and   in   the   2nd   part   of   speaking   test   i   find   a   little   hard   to   talk   2min , is   there   any   skill ? thx 雅思 官方 微博 ： hi .   Again ,   practice .   You   actually   have   up   to   2   minutes   to   talk .   If   you   run   out   of   things   to   say ,   you   can   just   say   you   have   finished 。 赵嘉慧 v ： HI   Andy   ~   could   U   tell   me   how   to   prepare   the   speaking   part ?   last   time   I   talked   a   lot ,   I   feel   good , but   got   5.5 ... thx 雅思 官方 微博 ： Hi .   Relax ,   the   speaking   test   won ' t   hurt   you !   Listen   to   the   questions   and   answer   them .   Don ' t   try   to   hard ,   just   be   yourself .   The   more   vocabulary   you   learn   the   more   clearly   you   can   make   youself   understood ;   but   use   your   language   naturally 。 HeySunshy ： I ' m   confused   about   the   listening   part .   When   i   pay   attention   to   the   questions ,   l   can   not   grasp   the   meaning   of   what   is   the   radio   saying .   i   can   not   keep   focusing   on   the   both   . if   is   it   feasible   doing   the   questions   when   the   radio   is   over ? 雅思 官方 微博 ： Hi .   Not   really .   You   have   time   to   read   through   the   questions   before   each   section ,   and   you   should !   This   will   help   you   to   understand   what   you   are   listening   for ,   and   then   answer   as   you   go .   You   can   also   make   notes   on   the   booklet ,   and   confirm   your   answers   during   the   final   10   mins 。 蔡燕玲 Aileen ： Hi   Andy ~ do   the   judges   in   the   speaking   test   really   that   subjetive ?   is   it   really   rare   for   a   student   to   get   7.5   or   8   in   speaking ?   thanks   a   lot ^ ^ 雅思 官方 微博 ： They   are   very   subjective .   You   might   be   surprised   to   learn   that   there   are   more   7.5   /   8s   than   you   realise 。 Sally _ on _ parade ： Hey   Andy !   What   should   we   do   if   we   fail   to   understand   the   questions   after   they   are   repeated   more   than   two   times ?   And   what   if   we   do   understand   the   question ,   but   just   have   no   clue   what   to   say   about   certain   questions ? 雅思 官方 微博 ： Examiners   won ' t   repeat   questions   too   often   as   this   isn ' t   to   your   benefit .   They   will   move   on   to   another   a   question   so   that   you   can   produce   language   rather   than   keep   you   struggling   on   something   you   don ' t   quite   get .   Don ' t   panic   if   this   happens ,   just   move   on 。 Sally _ on _ parade ： Is   it   okay   if   we   just   express   our   limited   opinion   on   the   topic   so   the   examiner   will   have   something   to   evaluate   our   language   ability ? 雅思 官方 微博 ： You   will   be   asked   a   range   of   questions   covering   a   range   of   topics .   If   you   can ' t   think   of   what   to   say ,   then   just   say   so   and   move   on   to   the   next   question 。 路 贺宇 ： Hi   Andy , I   am   wondering   if   u   can   give   me   some   information   about   the   different   between   the   speaking   part1   and   part   3 , I   have   been   thinking   they   are   the   same , how   long   should   I   talk   to   the   examiner ? 雅思 官方 微博 ： Simple .   Part   1   is   a   very   direct   question   and   answer   session   based   on   familiar   subjects .   Part   3   is   more   abstract ,   not   just   talking   about   yourself ,   but   what   you   and   others   might   view   about   a   particular   issue .   The   examiner   will   also   be   having   more   of   a   ' discussion '   here 。 Dont   worry   about   the   length   of   your   answer ,   but   don ' t   be   worried   if   the   examiner   starts   moving   you   to   another   question .   They   aren ' t   being   rude   here ,   they   just   want   to   try   and   see   if   you   can   talk   about   another   question   as   well 。 想 去 UK 的 Cici 酱 ： Hi , Andy . I ' m   cofused   with   my   speaking   part . Are   there   some   useful   tips   to   communicate   better   with   examiner ? What   should   I   do   if   i   made   some   mistakes   in   grammar   inadvertently ? Should   I   correct   it   immediately ? Thanks   a   lot 。 雅思 官方 微博 ： A   mistake   is   a   mistake .   You   can   correct   yourself ,   that ' s   fine ,   but   try   not   to   do   it   too   much   as   this   will   affect   your   fluency   and   the   development   of   your   ideas .   You   don ' t   need   to   rush   you   response ,   speak   when   you   are   ready 。 小 梅子 Miley ： Hi ,   Andy .   I   am   a   high   school   student ,   so   it   is   quite   tough   for   me   to   talk   some   questions   about   governemnt   or   society   questions   in   part   II   or   III .   Could   u   tell   me   how   to   deal   with   this   problem ?   THX 。 雅思 官方 微博 ： The   IELTS   test   isn ' t   generally   recommended   for   people   under   18 .   But   the   examiner   will   grade   the   questions   in   Part   3   to   suit   the   candidates   ability   and   move   on   if   the   candidate   can ' t   think   of   what   to   say   on   a   subject 。 L - i - eo ： Hello   Andy ,   during   the   speaking   exam ,   I   feel   the   fluency   and   the   accuracy   are   two   conflicting   aspects   of   my   performance   ( as   well   as   the   speed   vs .   the   goodness   of   my   writing ) .   What ' s   your   suggestions   on   balancing   them ? 雅思 官方 微博 ： good   question .   You   need   the   balance .   I   would   suggest   to   everybody   that   to   see   what   you   are   trying   to   acheive ,   have   a   look   atthe   public   band   descriptors   for   both   speaking   and   writing 。 宸 心 可见 的 窝窝 ： my   teacher   always   told   me   to   recite   some   passages   or   texts   improve   my   oral   English   .   What   is   your   opinion ?   How   to   make   my   expressions   more   natural ? 雅思 官方 微博 ： Memorizing   ‘ answers ’   is   not   recommended .   You   won ’ t   sound   very   natural   and   your   answer   might   not   actually   match   the   question .   Clearly   you   won ' t   score   highly   if   you   rely   on   this   method   in   the   speaking   /   writing   module .   Yes ,   learn   the   language   but   practice   appropriately 。 雅思 官方 微博 ： Well ,   that ' s   all   I   have   time   for   today .   It ' s   been   a   pleasure   and   I   hope   we   can   do   this   again   sometime .   Finally ... good   luck   to   all   of   you !   Andy 。 