写 好 托福 作文 结尾 段 的 四条 “ 金科玉律 ” 如何 写 好 托福 作文 的 开头 是 许多 考生 所 关注 的 ， 但是 结尾 段 也 同样 重要 ， 一个 好 的 作文 结尾 也 会 给 文章 增色 不少 。 今天 我们 就 来说 说 托福 写作 结尾 段 的 四大 注意事项 ： 重申立场 重申立场 + 总结 理由 让步 + 重申立场 重申立场 + 引申 扩展 引申 扩展 包括 ： 强调 反对派 立场 会 带来 的 后果 展望未来 问题 的 前景 强调 重要性 一 、 重申立场 “ It   is   difficult   for   people   to   achieve   professional   success   without   sacrificing   important   aspects   of   a   fulfilling   personal   life 。 ” In   conclusion ,   given   the   growing   demands   of   career   on   today ’ s   professionals ,   a   fulfilling   personal   life   remains   possible   by   working   smarter ,   by   setting   priorities ,   and   by   making   suitable   career   choices 。 二 、 重申立场 + 总结 理由 “ Since   science   and   technology   are   becoming   more   and   more   essential   to   modern   society ,   schools   should   devote   more   time   to   teaching   science   and   technology   and   less   to   teaching   the   arts   and   humanities 。 ” In   conclusion ,   schools   should   not   devote   less   time   to   the   arts   and   humanities .   These   areas   of   study   augment   and   enhance   learning   in   mathematics   and   science ,   as   well   as   helping   to   preserve   the   richness   of   our   entire   human   legacy   while   inspiring   us   to   further   it .   Moreover ,   disciplines   within   the   humanities   provide   methods   and   contexts   for   evaluating   the   morality   of   our   technology   and   for   determining   its   proper   direction 。 三 、 让步 + 重申立场 “ Job   security   and   salary   should   be   based   on   employee   performance ,   not   on   years   of   service .   Rewarding   employees   primarily   for   years   of   service   discourages   people   from   maintaining   consistently   high   levels   of   productivity 。 ” In   the   final   analysis ,   the   statement   correctly   identifies   job   performance   as   the   single   best   criterion   for   salary   and   job   security .   However ,   the   statement   goes   too   far ,   it   ignores   the   fact   that   a   cost - of - living   salary   increase   for   tenured   employees   not   only   enhances   loyalty   and ,   in   the   end ,   productivity ,   but   also   is   required   by   fairness 。 四 、 重申立场 + 引申 扩展 How   far   should   a   supervisor   go   in   criticizing   the   performance   of   a   subordinate ?   Some   highly   successful   managers   have   been   known   to   rely   on   verbal   abuse   and   intimidation .   Do   you   think   that   this   is   an   effective   means   of   communicating   expectations ?   If   not ,   what   alternative   should   a   manager   use   in   dealing   with   someone   whose   work   is   less   than   satisfactory ? In   conclusion ,   supervisors   should   avoid   using   verbal   abuse   and   threats .   These   methods   degrade   subordinates ,   and   they   are   unlikely   to   produce   the   best   results   in   the   long   run .   It   is   more   respectful ,   and   probably   more   effective   overall ,   to   handle   cases   of   substandard   work   performance   with   clear ,   honest   and   supportive   feedback 。 考生 只要 把握 好 以上 四大 托福 写作 结尾 的 注意事项 之一 ， 用 好 用活 ， 托福 写作 的 结尾 就 能 给 文章 锦上添花 。 