最 详细 的 考生 经验谈 ： 解析 托福 作文 结构 131   Do   you   agree   or   disagree   with   the   following   statement ?   Only   people   who   earn   a   lot   of   money   are   successful .   Use   specific   reasons   and   examples   to   support   your   answer 。 Obviously ,   a   millionaire   may   be   one   of   the   successful   tycoons   who   have   numerous   money   and   assets .   They   may   readily   swim   in   the   commercial   and   political   ocean   since   they   are   rich   and   powerful .   However ,   it   is   superficial   to   simply   say   that   only   people   who   earn   much   money   are   successful .   One   could   become   successful   by   doing   a   big   job   if   he   or   she   bites   the   bullet   in   work   and   can   be   with   a   little   luck   to   get   the   opportunity   to   fulfill   his   or   her   dream   or   mission 。 For   sure ,   some   people   may   argue   that   rich   people   are   powerful ,   who   are   also   successful .   We   have   to   admit   that   money   is   able   to   enrich   people ' s   physical   lives   and   can   be   saved   as   incredible   fortune   to   their   descendants   who   may   enjoy   the   brilliant   lives   for   long   time 。 However ,   it   is   hard   to   believe   that   rich   people   are   only   the   samples   or   role   models   of   successful   people .   Some   scientists   as   Newton   and   Edison   have   contributed   numerously   to   the   world   of   international   development   in   science ,   physics ,   biology ,   mathematics   and   so   on .   Most   are   not   rich   but   successful .   For   many ,   they   spent   most   of   their   time   in   the   labs   to   do   the   experiments   which   were   the   processes   that   have   been   transformed   dramatically   from   theories   to   practices .   These   processes   have   unbelievably   changed   our   lives   and   world .   On   the   other   hand ,   most   scientists   always   keep   in   mind   to   apply   the   financial   grant   from   the   governments   or   individual   donors .   So ,   are   they   successful   because   they   are   rich ?   I   do   not   think   so 。 Moreover ,   people   who   hold   much   money   may   become   respectable   but   not   successful   by   doing   something   meaningful .   As   all   we   know ,   money   is   not   panacea ,   however ,   nowadays   anything   couldn ' t   be   done   without   money .   Generally ,   anything   will   be   done   meaningfully   with   proper   ways   and   a   loving   heart .   For   example ,   if   people   who   are   rich   donate   a   bit   of   their   savings   to   Hope   School   or   financial   institutions   to   help   the   poor   children   or   disabled   people ,   hence   it   may   illuminate   many   children ' s   or   disabled   people ' s   lives   and   careers ,   and   may   totally   change   their   lives .   Probably ,   some   of   these   children   might   become   the   great   scientists   or   powerful   tycoons   in   the   future .   Who   knows ?   As   a   matter   of   fact ,   those   who   help   the   children   or   disabled   people   are   lovely   and   respectable   but   not   successful 。 Therefore ,   it   is   pretty   clear   that   I   disagree   with   the   statement   that   only   people   who   earn   a   lot   of   money   are   successful .   As   far   as   I   am   concerned ,   the   value   of   success   will   be   represented   by   many   significant   factors .   Money   is   a   little   piece   of   rag   of   them ,   which   can   not   be   either   overemphasized   or   ignored 。 字数 428 2 、 why 类型 的 题 ， 如 People   attend   college   or   university   for   many   different   reasons   ( for   example ,   new   experiences ,   career   preparation ,   and   increased   knowledge ) . Why   do   you   think   people   attend   college   or   university ?   Use   specific   reasons   and   examples   to   support   your   answer 。 许多 朋友 对 这个 问题 不好 拿捏 ， 不 知道 结构 怎么 写 。 其实 最 简单 的 方法 就是 最 有效 的 方法 。 以下 是 其 步骤 ： 1 、 背景 ， 点题 ， 列举 2 － 3 个 原因 。 列举 原因 的 句子 最好 是 一句 话 。 2 、 第一个 原因 。 3 、 第二个 原因 。 4 、 第三个 原因 。 5 、 结尾 。 总结 前 三个 原因 — — 用 一句 话 说明 。 然后 表面 自己 对此 的 看法 和 感受 。 下面 是 一篇 根据 以上 步骤 写 的 文章 ， 供参考 。 People   attend   college   or   university   for   many   different   reasons   ( for   example ,   new   experiences ,   career   preparation ,   and   increased   knowledge ) . Why   do   you   think   people   attend   college   or   university ?   Use   specific   reasons   and   examples   to   support   your   answer 。 With   the   development   of   society ,   many   people   are   inclined   to   go   to   university   instead   of   finding   job   after   high   school .   Among   various   motives   that   drive   people   to   attend   college   or   university   are   career   preparation ,   increased   academic   knowledge   and   new   pre - social   experiences 。 Career   preparation   may   be   the   most   common   reason   people   attend   college   or   university .   Nowadays   the   phenomenon   of   the   high   education   requirements   from   many   companies   is   progressively   outstanding .   As   is   known   to   all ,   people   may   get   the   better   job   after   graduation .   Despite   the   difficulties   of   the   admission   from   colleges   or   universities ,   people   still   want   to   cross   into   the   door   to   go   to   university .   As   the   culture   of   China ,   some   students ,   who   are   lack   of   good   condition   of   study ,   attempt   to   go   to   university   learning   more   knowledge   and   gaining   more   opportunities   since   they   know   this   way   may   be   the   only   and   best   path   which   not   only   leads   toward   their   brilliant   future   also   changes   their   lives   entirely 。 Academic   knowledge   can   be   much   easier   accumulated   regularly   by   learning   in   university .   Of   course ,   people   can   learn   knowledge   through   other   ways   such   as   to   learn   on   their   own ,   to   read   and   even   observe .   However ,   through   the   traditional   media   of   colleges   or   universities ,   they   are   the   easiest   and   fastest   ways   to   obtain   academic   knowledge .   This   means   the   teachers   in   universities ,   either   our   instructors   or   mentors ,   are   able   to   convey   the   knowledge ,   mentally   or   physically ,   much   more   efficient   through   the   adequate   methods   than   other   ways   such   as   self - study .   Thus ,   people   in   college   or   university   can   avoid   the   mistakes   that   happened   before ,   which   can   save   their   much   more   time   to   learn   something   else 。 New   academic   experiences   help   people   not   only   to   obtain   knowledge   but   only   to   understand   the   social   relationship   before   contacting   society .   University ,   in   fact ,   is   an   academic   society   which   is   smaller   than   our   regular   society .   However ,   the   complication   of   relationships   between   students   and   teachers ,   among   classmates ,   boys   and   girls   is   almost   the   same   as   that   of   relationships   of   our   big   whole   society .   Clique   may   occur   in   university   like   the   community   or   group   in   common   society .   Teens   that   have   interests   in   common   like   spending   their   time   in   the   cliques ,   most   of   which   are   related   to   music ,   sports ,   books ,   or   painting .   They   are   very   popular   in   every   university .   In   fact ,   students   who   stay   in   the   cliques   are   consciously   or   subconsciously   tend   to   learn   how   to   get   along   with   others   before   attending   the   regular   society 。 From   the   reasons   I   mentioned   above ,   it   is   pretty   clear   why   people   attend   college   or   university   that   are   career   preparation ,   increased   academic   knowledge   and   new   pre - social   experiences .     As   far   as   I   am   concerned ,   attending   college   or   university   is   a   prerequisite   preparation   before   young   are   mature .   People   may   accumulate   essential   skills   in   university   to   avoid   some   evitable   troubles 。 