新 初三 暑假 英语 提高 训练 ： 阅读 理解 题 ( 十一 ) D In   the   United   States ,   parents   usually   encourage   their   children   to   develop   their   potential   ( 潜能 ) .   They   pay   attention   to   what   their   kids   can   do ,   not   what   they   can ' t .   As   a   result ,   US   boys   and   girls   hope   to   be   actors ,   athletes   and   doctors ;   many   even   want   to   become   presidents   when   they   grow   up 。 US   parents   often   encourage   their   children   to   take   part   in   all   kinds   of   activities   at   school .   They   believe   that   joining   in   these   activities   can   make   their   children   mature ( 成熟 ) .   Schoolwork   is   important ,   but   they   think   that   social   skills   are   important   as   well 。 But   things   in   China   are   different .   Chinese   parents   often   tell   their   children   to   study   hard   and   pass   exams .   They   think   that ,   for   a   student ,   staying   away   from   schoolbooks   means   wasting   time .   This   puts   a   lot   of   pressure   on   Chinese   students ,   so   leaders   in   China ' s   education   department   have   called   for   less   homework   at   the   lower   grades .   Only   healthy   kids   can   become   healthy   adults 。 57 .   American   parents   think   that                       。 A .   Schoolwork   is   as   important   as   social   skills B .   Schoolwork   is   more   important   than   social   skills C .   Schoolwork   is   less   important   than   social   skills D .   Passing   exams   is   the   most   important   for   their   children 58 .   Why   do   many   American   children   have   their   dream   jobs ? A .   Because   they   start   school   earlier   than   Chinese   children 。 B .   Because   they   study   hard 。 C .   Because   their   parents   encourage   them   to   do   less   homework 。 D .   Because   their   parents   usually   pay   attention   to   what   they   can   do ， not   what   they   can ' t 。 59 .   Chinese   parents   think   that                     。 A .   taking   part   in   all   kinds   of   activities   at   school   can   make   their   children   mature B .   staying   away   from   schoolbooks   means   wasting   time C .   their   children   should   do   what   they   want   to   do D .   social   skills   is   necessary   for   the   students   at   lower   grades 60 .   According   to   this   passage   the   writer   thinks                     。 A .   China ' s   education   is   better   than   America ' s B .   America ' s   education   is   better   than   China ' s C .   Chinese   students   at   the   lower   grades   should   have   more   homework D .   Chinese   students   have   less   pressure   than   America ' s 答案 ： ADBB 