新 初三 暑假 英语 提高 训练 ： 阅读 理解 题 ( 十九 ) When   the   Audet   family   turns   on   the   lights   at   Blue   Farm ,   they   are   using   electricity   that   comes   from   cows - cow   manure   ( 粪肥 ) ，   to   be   specific 。 Cows   produce   a   lot   of   wastes .   One   cow   can   create   30   gallons   of   wastes   each   day .   Now   imagine   the   output   of   over   1 , 000   cows   at   Blue   Farm .   That ' s   really   a   big   amount 。 When   farmers   clean   their   barns ,   they   put   the   wastes   in   a   big   heap ,   and   spread   some   of   them   on   their   fields   for   fertilizer ( 肥料 ) .   But   now   places   like   Blue   Spruce   Farm   have   a   new   way   of   using   cow   wastes .   They   use   them   to   produce   electricity 。 Here ' s   how   it   works :   A   big   machine   moves   back   and   forth   cleaning   the   barn   floor .   " The   cows   aren ' t   bothered , "   says   Marie   Audet .   " They   are   animals   of   habit ;   they   get   used   to   it ,   and   just   lift   one   foot   and   then   another   to   let   it   go   by . " The   machine   pushes   the   manure   into   a   big   600 - gallon   tank   like   a   small   swimming   pool .   The   tank   is   called   a   digester   ( 化粪池 )   because   what   happens   there   is   just   like   what   happens   inside   a   cow :   Bacteria ( 细菌 )   get   to   work   and   continue   to   digest   the   manure 。 Methane   gas   ( 甲烷 、 沼气 ) in   the   atmosphere   is   known   as   a   " greenhouse "   gas   because   it   keeps   heat   just   like   a   greenhouse   does ,   causing   our   planet   to   warm   up .   That ' s   an   environmental   concern .   But   the   digester   has   a   good   result .   Its   gas   is   kept   and   used   to   power   electric   generators   ( 发电机 ) 。 At   Blue   Farm ,   the   generators   make   enough   electricity   to   power   400   homes .   The   Audet   family   sells   the   extra   electricity   they   can ' t   use   themselves 。 51 .   We   learn   from   the   text   that   the   Audet   family   is   using   cow   wastes   to   ______ 。 A .   make   electricity                           B .   produce   fertilizer                 C .   build   their   farm                 D .   feed   the   cows 52 .   How   are   the   cow   wastes   collected   into   the   digester   at   Blue   Farm ? A .   Marie   Audet   does   the   work                                                         B .   The   job   is   done   by   machine C .   The   cows   lift   the   cow   wastes                                                         D .   Bacteria   get   to   work   on     them 53 .   According   to   the   passage ,   which   of   the   following   is   changed   into   electricity ? A .   The   power   of   moving   water .                                                   B .   The   heat   of   burning   coal 。 C .   The   power   of   sunlight .                                                         D .   The   heat   of   the   methane   gas 54 .   The   new   way   of   using   cow   wastes   at   Blue   Farm   might   be   best   descr   ibed   as   ______ 。 A .   reducing                                         B .   saving                                         C .   recycling                         D .   changing 55 .   What   is   the   main   purpose   for   writing   the   passage ? A .   To   introduce   a   new   way   of   making   electricity                         B .   To   explain   how   a   new   energy   works   better C .   To   show   a   new   rebuilding   plan   for   a   big   farm                         D .   To   explain   the   reasons   for   green   house   effect 答案 ： ABDCA 