新 初三 暑假 英语 提高 训练 ： 阅读 理解 题 ( 九 ) Paris   is   the   capital   of   France .   Its   subway   is   also   very   special .   You   can   enjoy   its   culture   when   you   are   in   this   city .   First   you   can   see   many   people   reading   books   in   the   subway .   Whenever   they   are   in   the   subway   or   at   the   station ,   there   is   always   a   book   in   the   hand 。 The   subway   station   in   Paris   is   not   big ,   but   each   of   them   has   its   special   facts .   Some   stations   look   like   ships .   Some   stations   have   clothes ,   caps   and   shoes .   And   every   station   has   a   big   advertisement   picture .   But   many   of   them   are   for   selling   clothes   and   cosmetics ( 化妆品 ) 。 You   can   meet   some   beggars ( 乞丐 )   in   the   subway .   But   the   beggars   in   the   Paris   subway   are   also   very   special .   They   often   play   the   violin   or   guitar   in   the   train .   They   don ' t   feel   shy   at   all .   Instead   they   think   it   is   natural .   After   playing ,   they   will   go   around   the   train   and   ask   you   to   give   them   some   money 。 If   you   want   to   learn   more   about   Paris ,   go   to   the   subway   and   enjoy   its   culture   by   yourself 。 49 .   What   do   many   people   usually   do   when   they   are   in   the   subway ? A .   Listen   to   music .                                           B .   Beg   some   money 。 C .   Sell   clothes   and   cosmetics .                                 D .   Read   books 。 50 .   How   do   the   beggars   get   money   from   people   in   the   subway ? A .   They   often   play   the   violin   or   guitar   in   the   train 。 B .   They   usually   brush   shoes   for   the   passengers 。 C .   They   often   steal   money   from   the   shops 。 D .   They   usually   help   the   passengers   carry   suitcases 。 51 .   What ' s   the   main   idea   of   this   passage ? A .   Reading   in   the   Paris   subway 。 B .   The   subway   is   a   window   of   the   Paris   culture 。 C .   The   beggars   in   the   Paris   subway   usually   have   some   skills 。 D .   Each   of   the   subway   station   in   Paris   has   its   special   facts 。 答案 ： DAB 