总结 ： 自考 英语 ( 一 ) 英语 ( 二 ) 重点难点 分析 ( 5 ) 强调 句 强调 主语   It   is   I   that / who   am   to   blame 2 .   强调 直接 宾语   It   was   a   glass   that   Mary   broke 。 3 .   强调 间接 宾语   It   was   him   that   I   gave   the   pen   to 。 4 .   强调 介词 宾语   It   is   this   room   that   I   am   living   in 。 5 .   强调 状语   1 )   时间 状语   It   was   last   year   that   Tom   graduated   from   high   school 。 2 )   地点 状语   It   was   under   the   bridge   that   we   found   him 。 3 )   原因 状语   It   was   for   his   arrogance   that   I   dislike   him 。 4 )   目的 状语   It   was   for   pleasure   that   I   read   it 。 不仅 可以 是 陈述句   ，   还 可以 是 疑问句 和 感叹句   。 Was   it   you   that / who   lost   a   watch   yesterday   What   great   progress   it   was   that   you   made 。 强调 句 可以 是 一个 从句   ，   被 强调 的 部分 也 可以 是 从句   。 I   was   told   that   it   was   because   he   hadn ’ t   received   the   invitation   that   he   didn ’ t   come It   was   there ，   the   police   believe ， — — she   was   able   to   activate   the   recorder   she   kept   in   her   bag 。 A .   that   B . until   C .   which   D .   when 虚拟语气 第一 类型   ： 见词 就 填   ： A .   ( should   )   do ( should )   be B .   ( should )   be   +   过去分词 第一 类型 虚拟语气   A 第一 类型 虚拟语气   B 见 某些 形容词 要 虚拟 Urgent ，   necessary ，   important ，   possible ，   essential ，   incredible ，   natural ，   ridiculous ，   vital ，   imperative ，   crucial ，   critical ，   proper ，   compulsory ，   etc 。 形容词 带 的 从句   ：   It   is   important   that   every   member   ( should )   inform   himself   of   these   rules 。 主语 从句   ：   It   is   decided   that   the   meeting   ( should )   be   postponed 。 宾语 从句   ：   He   insisted   that   his   daughter   ( should )   come 。 表语 从句   ：   The   doctor ’ s   advice   is   that   the   patient   ( should )   be   kept   quiet 。 同位语 从句   ：   He   gave   order   that   the   guests   ( should )   be   hospitably   entertained 。 考题   ：   They   demanded   that   the   right   to   vote — — ( give )   to   every   adult   person .   [ ( should )   be   given ] For   a   child   to   give   up   less   mature   idea   for   a   more   sophisticate   one ，   it   requires   that   the   child   ____   psychologically   ready   for   the   new   idea . A . is   B . be   C . were   D . would   be 第二 类型   ：   if   的 非 真实 条件句   (   可能性 小 或 没有 可能   ) 注意   ：   if   可以 引导 真实 条件句   ，   多 是 条件 状语 从句   。 第二 类型 虚拟语气   (   时态 到 推 的 概念   ) 从句 谓语 发生 Wish   之后   用   Wish +   主语   + would ( could )   +   v .   I   wish   you   would   stay   with   me   far   a   while I   wish   I   could   fly 。 It   is   ( about .   High … … )   time   that   +   从句   ( V . ed ) It   is   high   time   that   we   began   to   work 。 In   case ，   lest ，   for   fear   that   ( should ) +   V 。 The   mad   man   was   out   in   the   padded   cell   lest   he   — — himself 。 A .   injure   B .   had   injured   c .   injured   d .   would   injure 。 Would   rather   = had   rather ，   would   just   as   soon ，   would   sooner ，   would   prefer   多加 过去 式 表示 尚未 发生 的 动作   。 倒装句 全部 倒装   In   came   Jack .   Now   comes   your   turn 。 Among   them   were   two   girls 。 部分 倒装 Hardly / scarcely / barely   had   we   got   on   the   bus   when   it   began   to   rain 。 No   sooner   had   he   put   down   the   receiver   than   the   telephone   rang   again 。 Not   until   many   years   later   did   the   whole   truth   become   known 。 Not   only   did   he   win   the   championship   in   the   race ，   but   he   also   broke   the   world   record 。 Neither   my   sister   nor   I   have   traveled   by   air 。 Never ，   nowhere ，   no   longer ，   little ，   feww ，   not … (   not   a   single   word )   no .   ( at   no   time ，   by   no   means ，   in   no   way ，   on   no   account ，   under / in   no   circumstances ) Only   here   can   you   buy   fresh   eggs 。 主谓 一致 要点 To   become   actresses   is   their   ambition 。 Nodding   often   means   you   say “   yes 。 ” What   I   did   was   to   give   her   a   book 。 Neither   she   nor   I   am   wet 。 Many   a   student   doesn ' t   like   having   to   do   their   homework 。 连词 连接 代词   who ，   whom ，   whose ，   what ，   which ，   whoever ，   whatever ，   which   ever 连接 副词   when ，   how ，   why ，   where ，   whenever ，   wherever 并列 连词   and ，   but ，   or ，   so   ，   therefore ，   yet ，   however ，   nevertheless ，   for ，   hence ，   as   well   as ，   both … … and ，   not   only … … but   also ，   either … … or ，   neither … … nor ， 从属 连词   after ，   when ，   before ，   as ，   while ，   since ，   until ，   till ，   although ，   though ，   if   ，   even   if ，   unless ，   lest ，   because ，   than ，   that ，   whether ，   so   that ，   as   soon   as ，   as   long   as ，   in   order   that ，   as   if ，   as   though ，   in   case ，   now   that ，   so … … that ，   such … … that ，   as   . as 。 When   we   play   a   game ，   we   enjoy   what   we   are   doing ，   — —   we   should   not   play   it 。 A .   otherwise   B .   instead   C .   nevertheless   D .   either 不定 代词 Any ， one ，   none ，   nothing ，   neither ，   either ，   both ，   all ，   anyone ，   any   one ，   some ，   any ，   much ，   many Are   you   sure   there   are   not — —   sharks   here   A . any   B .   some   C .   many   D .   much 。 Used   to   ，   be   used   to   doing 