总结 ： 自考 英语 ( 一 ) 英语 ( 二 ) 重点难点 分析 ( 4 ) 动名词 主 ， 表语   Seeing   is   believing Tom ’ s   going   there   won ’ t   do   any   harm 。 My   hobby   is   collecting   stamps 。 定语 This   is   a   swimming   poor .   (   a   poor   for   swimming ) This   is   a   hiding   place   (   a   place   for   hiding   ) 宾语   I   enjoy   studying   ( mind ，   keep ，   appreciate ，   can ' t   help ，   consider ，   postpone ， suggest ， admit   etc 。 ) Do   you   mind   my   smoking   here 介词   +   宾语 I   used   to   doing .   ( confess   to ，   look   forward   to ，   object   to   doing   sth 。 ) be   involve   in ，   consist   of ，   be   fond   of ，   etc 。 动名词 的 时态 和 语态 基本 形同 分词 的 时态 和 语态 分词 状语   When   I   saw   the   film ，   I   felt   sad   =   Seeing   the   film ，   I   felt   sad 。 Because   it   is   Sunday   today ，   we   have   no   school 。 It   being   Sunday ，   we   have   no   school 。 When   the   job   was   finished ，   we   went   home   straight   away 。 The   job   finished ，   we   went   home   straight   away 。 定语   The   boy   standing   there   is   a   classmate   of   mine 。 = The   boy   who   is   standing   there   is   a   classmate   of   mine 。 The   used   car .   A   broken   cup   the   question   involved 。 表语   The   film   is   exciting .   All   the   windows   are   broken 。 宾补   I   found   them   watering   flowers 。 (   I   found   that   they   were   watering   flowers 。 I   found   the   flowers   watered .   (   I   found   the   flowers   watered ) 分词 的 时态 和 语态   。 (   形同 动名词   ) doing   ( being )   being   done having   done   having   been   done ______ nothing   to   say ，   the   boy   shield   way   form   the   crowd 。 A .   Having   B .   Have   C   Had .   D .   Having   being What   developed   was   a   music   readily   taking   (   take )   on   various   forms 。 Not   having   got   ( not   get )   enough   hands ，   she   had   great   difficulty   in   accomplishing   the   task 。 非 谓语 动词 答题 要点 1 .   Anyone   wanting   ( want )   to   understand   the   industry   of   the   future   will   have   to   know   about   robotics 。 2   .   A   Filipino   maid   was   executed   in   Singapore   after   being   convicted   ( convict ) of   murder 。 3 .   As   research   techniques   become   more   advanced ，   the   number   of   animals   used   (   use )   in   experiments   may   decrease 。 Not   have   got   ( not ，   get ) enough   hands   she   had   great   difficulty   in   accomplishing   the   task   。 It   is   a   well - known   fact   that   a   person   will   move   in   a   circle   when   he   cannot   use   his   eyes   to   control   (   control )   his   direction 。 As   I ' ll   be   away   for   a   year   ，   I ' d   appreciate   hearing   ( hear ) from   you   now   and   then   。 Object   to   ，   confess   to   ，   look   forward   to   +   doing 。 介词   +   doing 。 If   I   had   remembered   — —   the   window ，   the   thief   would   not   have   got   in 。 a .   to   close   b .   closing   c .   to   have   close   d .   having   closed 。 Begin ，   start ，   intend ，   continue   to   do ，   doing   的 区别 不 大 The   baby   began   crying .   The   baby   began   to   cry 。 Try   to   do .   努力 去 做   Try   doing   尝试 去 做   .   　 　 I   was   very   tired .   I   tired   to   keep   my   eyes   open ，   but   I   couldn ’ t 。 I   can ’ t   find   anywhere   to   live 。 ______ ，   they   began   to   get   down   to   business .   A .   The   holidays   being   over   B .   The   holidays   are   over   C .   The   holidays   were   over   D .   The   holidays   had   been   over V + ing   及 从句   的 固定 用法 It ’ s   no   use   doing   sth 。 It ’ s   no   use   worrying   about   it .   There ’ s   nothing   you   can   do 。 It ’ s   ( not )   worth   doing   sth 。 Have   difficulty   doing   sth 。 Spend   time   ( in )   doing   sth 。 There   is   no   doubt   that 。 