总结 ： 自考 英语 ( 一 ) 英语 ( 二 ) 重点难点 分析 ( 3 ) 非 限定性 定语 从句 He   met   Mary ，   who   invited   him   to   dinner 。 I   gave   the   book   to   Tom ，   whom /   who   I   found   after   the   meeting 。 Her   doctor ，   whose   office   was   newly   decorated ，   started   to   charge   higher   fee 。 His   latest   play ，   which   was   well   reviewed   by   the   critics ，   has   been   a   great   success 。 I   called   him   by   the   wrong   name ，   for   which   mistake   I   apologized 。 Prof .   Emery ，   about   whom   everyone   is   taking   these   days 。 There   are   only   four   areas   ____   very   many   diamonds   have   been   found .   华夏大地 教育网 博客 F4 ` 8k ) hC4M & M   p   A . where   B . when   C . that   D . which Where   用 在 定语 从句 和 状语 从句 的 区别 I ' ll   go   to   the   place   (   where   I   live ) I ' ll   go   wherever   work   conditions   are   difficult 。 定语 从句 和 同位语 从句 的 区别 The   news   ( that   our   team   had   won ) was   known   to   all 。 This   is   the   film   that   ( I   see ) 。 考题   ：   Such   people   ?   you   describe   are   rare   nowadays 。 a .   as   b .   that   c .   who   d . which Anyone   — — (   want )   to   understand   the   industry   of   the   future   will   have   to   know   about   IT   .   [ who   want ] Who   wants   Many   of   us   visited   the   industrial   exhibition ， — — ， to   our   disappointment ，   we   saw   very   few   high - tech   products 。 a .   where   b .   which   c .   as   d .   that 3 .   并列 复合句 He   said   that   he   would   give   up   smoking ，   but   nobody   believe   it 。 I   never   saw   a   busier   person   than   she   seemed   to   be ；   yet   it   was   difficult   to   say   what   he   she   did 。 动词 的 时态 和 语态 重点 语法 — — 动词 的 时态 和 语态 时态 的 呼应 I   thought   the   experiment   was   going   on   now 。 She   said   this   apparatus   would   be   available   next   week 。 Am / is / are / +   done .   This   room   is   cleaned   every   day 。 Was / were   + done   This   room   was   cleaned   yesterday 。 Will   be +   done   This   room   will   be   cleaned 。 Am / is / are   being   done   This   room   is   being   cleaned   at   the   moment 。 Was / were   being   done   This   room   was   being   cleaned   when   I   arrived 。 Have / has   been   done   My   car   has   been   repaired 。 Had   been   done   The   room   looks   much   better .   It   had   been   cleaned 。 No   sooner   had   I   arrived   at   the   theatre   than   the   film   began   。 Hardly … … …   when Some   people   think   that   the   relations   between   people   have   deteriorated   - (   deteriorate )   so   much   that   understanding   and   friendship   are   almost   impossible 。 Nearly   a   week   passed   before   the   girl   was   able   to   explain   what   had   happened   ( happen )   to   her 。 非 谓语 动词 动词 不定式 做 主语   To   see   is   to   believe 。 What   to   do   next   has   not   been   decide It   is   not   easy   to   remember   all   these   words 。 表语   To   know   everything   is   to   know   nothing 。 定语   This   is   a   book   to   be   written   。 宾语   I   want   to   study   。 He   found   it   impossible   to   keep   silent   any   longer 。 宾补   They   warned   me   not   to   be   late 。 I   let   you   do   it ( make ，   have ，   see ，   watch ，   notice ，   look   at ，   observe ，   smell ，   listen   to ，   hear ， perceive ) 状语   Yesterday   he   came   to   see   me 。 独立 成份   To   be   frank   ，   she   is   not   my   girlfriend 。 形容词 补语   I   am   glad   to   hear   the   news 。 不定式 的 逻辑 主语   For   a   bridge   to   collapse   like   that   is   unbelievable 。 不定式 的   时态 和 语态   to   do ( be )   ，   to   be + p . p 。 to   have   done ，   to   have   been   done 