As the title states, simply not durable. Going to try Amazon ones next or back to Apple we go, simply need quality.
Battery was not packed as advertised, in a sealed container, rather it was loosely wrapped in bubble wrap which was saturated with acid.  Not good.
DO Not Purchase IF you have a VISIO TV. I don't dislike the product its just not compatible with VISIO.  The sound will not work and makes high pitched intermittent noises.  I have removed the FIRE but am still experiencing trouble with my surround sound and other devices (Apple TV & ROKU) and I fear it may have damaged these components.Amazon was great about the problem and said I could return free of charge with no restocking fee OR wait until the developers could come up with a solution... Its been a few months, sent her back today... By FIRE...  Too bad your highly anticipated voice command is not ready for &#34;everyone&#34; to experience...
Fire stopped playing videos after 2 months.  Originally I loved this system.  Lots of fun with games and tv.  Now it's not worth anything.  Would advise against buying this product.
I got this for my sister, and it charged her phone extremely slow the first time she used it.  She put it in her purse after that, and when taking it back out, the iPhone side started to pull away from the rubber.  It didn't work after that, even after closing up the wound with electrical tape.Bought a different 15 dollar charger for her, and it works great and hasn't fallen apart.
I love the Fire TV but after 30 plus days the remote stopped working. The only way to navigate is with a USB enabled keyboard plugged into the box. This sucks. Among the many things that one can't do without the remote is voice search.My complaints to amazon have resulted in a free remote replacement, which would not pair with the receiver - even their customer service couldn't get it to work. The follow up call to amazon resulted in 3 techs on the phone working with the customer service rep who couldn't get it to work. An additional free remote was in order, which one week later, amazon has not shipped.I am not going to sell this piece of crap but instead leave this cautionary review. Roku has been ordered.
Probably not Amazon's fault, this charger became worthless when the earth prong worked loose and the extension cord stopped working. This and other POS's have joined the worthless U/S electonika resting in our basement.
This cables don't charge iPad when used with iPad's charger. All other cables that came with my iPhones seem to work ok. This is a knockoff.
I ordered this remote last November (2009) as part of a sale that Amazon had for $99.99 (hundred bucks) and I didn't get around to playing with the remote as I was still working on my movie room. Well flash forward nearly a year later (October 2010)and I pulled the unit out the box. It had all of the plastic wrap and everything looked new. I hooked it into the computer to set it up and I got the error code: "Your remote failed the connectivity check." and the statement "This product was previously identified as defective and replaced under warranty. It has been disabled and therefore you will not be able to continue setting up or using this remote. If you have received a replacement remote please confirm it is connected and try again.".I contacted Amazon and they said to contact Logitech. After finding out you have to deal with them through email, they asked me to send screenshots of my error code and my Amazon invoice which I did. They then said too bad in so many words and offered 50% off a new remote. Why would I spend $100 on another remote when I already paid $100 for one??? I can't believe the customer support that Logitech has (terrible) and Amazon should stop selling these remotes.
Its very fast, which is nice.  But I thought it would be better you can't use the USP port  as a &#34;portal&#34; so why have it.  Unless I can't figured out I can't surv the internet, or go on facebook, like you would on a Blueray.  The Voice comand is nice, but it only works for certain things.  I should had just gotten a BlueRay.
Description is deceiving. Omits telling you that the movies are not recent and you have to subscribe to Amazon prime or you have to pay a fee.  TV shows offered are the ones I am trying to avoid. There too , fees are charged for the  ones I would like to watch.  The good wholesome shows with moral content are gone. I don' need apps on TV. I have them on my phone. I was very disappointed. I am returning it.
not worthed-
So a couple of months you guys talked me into buying net gear for watching my prime movies. Ya had to know this was almost ready for release. For what I paid for net gear I could have waited and bought this????
About a week ago, my Roku XD died.  Rather suddenly, it would no longer connect to my wifi.  Nothing, not even a sniff.  Reading up on the product, this seemed to be a rather common occurrence.  It had a good run of a little over 2 years.  Not bad, but still a little disappointing.  Since I've been a cable cutter for 3  years now, and don't want to go back, I figure I need a replacement.  Now, the sudden death of the Roku left a bad taste for the product, so after reading all of the good reviews about the Amazon Fire TV, I thought I would order one.Admittedly, the 1000s of more channels the Roku offered aren't that enticing, since I usually don't venture past Netflix.  And even the few times I tried to watch a free amazon prime movie on it, the sound didn't work.  Since many of the reviewers of the FireTV talked about the better picture (my Roku would often fluctuate between poor and average), and it had optical sound output, I figured a more powerful viewer for Netflix sounded good to me.I received the product today, packaged nicely.  After connecting everything to tv and stereo, and it powering it up, I logged in to my wifi, and the FireTV went through the customary updates that I read about on many of these reviews.  Here is where the issue started.  After the updates, I never got a welcome screen, or any other kind of screen.  Just a blank tv screen.  Thinking maybe I did something wrong, I checked FireTV forums and help.  The help videos show how to connect and power everything up - even pairing the FireTV to my account (which I didn't have to do because it already came paired), then it showed the home screen with menus - something I never got to see.I unplugged the unit and plugged it back in.  I mean, that is customary I would assume, when things aren't working correctly.  Happened to my Roku all the time; no big deal.  This time, it automatically connected to wifi, and rapidly went through the 'checking for updates' screen before again stopping at a blank screen.  I tried the 'previous' button on the remote, and it went back to the connection screen, again quickly through the 'checking for updates' screen, and this time, a completely blank white screen.Checking the forums it seems like only 1 other person has had this issue, and it looks like he didn't get it resolved.  I guess if only 2 people have this issue out of the thousands of boxes they send out, that isn't so bad, except that it doesn't help me any.  With little other options, I called help/tech support.  After 35 minutes or so on the phone with them, where again, the only troubleshooting they could offer was to unplug and plug it back in, several times (definition of insanity, anyone?), even they gave up and said they would forward my information to someone else, and I would hear back from them sometime tomorrow.I had high hopes based on reading the reviews, but similar to my experience when I bought my first android phone (which was also rushed to market and was so buggy I swore them off forever), if this isn't resolved by Monday, it'll go back into the box and back to amazon.  If that happens, I guess I'll just accept that I will need to buy a new Roku product every 2-3 years, once the one in use decides to quit working.
To be fair, I haven't received the product yet. But that commercial with Gary Busey, what are you thinking? I don't get it, I've learned absolutely nothing about your product.
It worked unless we had to reset our wireless. Then it froze. Spend at least two hours on phone with tech support. They blamed it on our router (even though every other device in the house worked fine on the router). Their solution? Go to the neighbors and try it to see if it works on their router? You gotta be kidding.
Perhaps this will change in time with more features being added, but I was very disappointed with the services currently available compared to Roku or even the features built in with many smart tv's. Hopefully that will change in time, but I would wait to purchase until new services are added that might warrant the higher price.
For all you "types" that "decorate" your nasty little homes with "satlite-deeches" (I LOVE the ones on MOBILE HOMES...  (trailertrash hood ornaments !!)for all you who "think" that these little "streaming" boxes are the answer to ALL your TV viewing. YOU should have STAYED AWAKE in CLASS!!!!YOU will soon find, that while streaming MAY, have SOME value, YOU...will now be doing ALL the WORK to program your TV and YOU...will soon tire of all the garbage you have to WADE thru before you find something to watch.I LOVE it when they talk about the "DEATH GRIP" cable has too.DO YOU PEOPLE really think that YOUR INTERNET will stay "CHEAP" forever? REALLY? (I bet you also thought OBAMA was going to raise your worthless litttle self out of the gutter and put you in a mansion and a cadillac too !!)SAVE your money, your little streaming box will not save you a penny !!
I was excited to see the Fire TV become available due to its specs.  I have been comparing it to the Roku and was leaning toward the Fire TV.  One of my requirements however is international programming with Russian language shows.  The Roku offers this, but from what I can see, Fire TV does not.  I sent an email to customer service inquiring if there is any international programming available or plans to add some, but I received an idiotic response telling me the Fire TV is only available to U.S. customers.  I assumed that since I've been a long time Amazon customer and my account information clearly shows that I live in the U.S. that their customer service people would know that, but I guess they are not that bright.  Further more, I thought my question was clear since I inquired about international programming, not using it in another country.  But again, i guess i was wrong.  So I have to assume at this point that international programming is not available and go with a Roku.
I would have already bought 2 of them, but it doesn't have HBO go!  Dealbreaker for me.  When you get it, advertise it!  I'll buy it.
I am in the market for a Roku-type device.  Was very excited to read about this product and I'm sure it will suit my needs as soon as they get HBO GO.  Until then I am not interested as that is the streaming product that I use the most.
This looked like a great product at first glance, but I will not purchase this product until HBOGO becomes available.
works just like roku, apple tv, chromecast.  pretty much the same &#34;channels&#34; on all of them (or else you can workaround with each system).  however, you CANNOT disable various parts of your amazon account.  thus, all of your photos will automatically be synced.  same with videos.  i don't understand how this is not opt-in; a true UI/UX miss on Amazon's part.  until a user can control their privacy settings and enable/disable the various parts of their amazon account/cloud drive (ala apple tv, roku), i would NOT recommend buying this product.
I was excited so i order it the first day i heard about it then after reading all of the bad reviews about 50% of the reviews i decided not to even open it and stop it in transit to be return to amazon.  I wait until they do more updates to the device and gets better reviews prior to purchasing it.
I have an HDMI cable so I already watch Movies, TV shows, and other videos on my TV straight from my computer, laptop, and sometimes my phone. Why would I want to buy this?
Come on Amazon, stop following sales trends and create a new technology.  I'll stick to the Apple TV I got years ago.
I have (and use) both an Apple TV and a Roku 3.I'm a HUGE fan of Amazon, and everything they do.I'm 27, and extremely tech-savvy, so I'm not just someone who 'doesn't get it'.So they release this uninspired device, which, after Apple and Roku, they can learn from the mistakes the other companies made, and make this device more user friendly, smarter, and cheaper.  Well, it's the same price as the other two. For 99$, you get a device that is on par with other 99$ devices that have been out for years.  So why was this even released? This would've been a cool product in 2010.The interface is extremely annoying-- you have to navigate through several windows, lots of scrolling, etc, just to get to content.  And I had to search for Netflix, Hulu Plus, etc, and download them to the device.  Really? You can't make a plug-and-play device like your competitors?  The Amazon Prime selection also doesn't have a Prime vs Pay filter-- so when you are looking for content, some is free, some is not.  You can't browse Prime eligible free streaming content.  Really, Amazon? It's not like my Prime membership is free.  Give me the perks I pay for.Lastly, there are a LOT of connection issues I've had-- the device thought I was in the UK (I live in Los Angeles), and after fixing that, I was unable to rent a movie (&#34;error&#34;).  I'm sure I could go onto amazon.com and figure out what settings I'd have to change, but this is technology, it's 2014, and I shouldn't have to manually do all the things that an Apple TV or Roku would intuitively already have finished.Bottom line: It's as if the Fire TV was designed by Congress.  I'll be returning this product.  The software and layout interface needs to be completely redesigned.
Got it hooked up, and connected to wifi for it to download the update. Never will connect. I think its ignorant that it should even need an update out of the box. Will update review if support can help me, but as of now I feel like I made a lateral move, or worse, getting this to replace a chromecast.Update: stayed on the phone with firetv tech assistance for ~1hr and they didn't know what to do. The guy I spoke with was very nice, but said the only thing he was seeing to do was try to leave it on overnight and let it keep trying to download, even though it said it couldn't. Well, that didn't work. Same think 7 hours later. In other words, it still sucks.
The fonts used on this device are so small that unless you sit 2 feet from your screen, you'll need the Hubble telescope to read program descriptions etc. And this was on a 42&#34; HDTV. Besides that, it's not clear if you're navigating on Amazon Prime as there is no specific icon for it, as is the case with Netflix and others. Needless to say I'm returning this thing asap.
I've had this little thing for a month tomorrow.  Finally yesterday, we got it to work.  First of all it came without a remote control, they had to send me one.  I thought OMG, I have to buy the remote...but no, their mistake...I have two Kindle's and love them.  I have had two Roku's and loved them, burnt those bad boys ups...I can't sleep like a normal person, so my TV is on 24/7...anyway my husband found an adapter for the HDMI cable, our cable company used the one on our TV's.  Last night and today I have played with the TV Fire, and mainly you have to pay for the movie or I've can watch it on regular TV...I thought it said that I got Netflix for buying this little box...but no, it's just a trail offer...if it had of been hooked up last week, they would have it back in their place and I would have my $113.00 in my pocket...and might have my prime in my pocked...this is not what I payed for.  Nah, I would have kept my prime and got a new Roku.  So Amazon you sucked me in this time...but not next time...I was going on the Kindle name...Hey ya'll we don't even have a warranty!
Have been an Amazon Prime member for years and thought that would entitle me to movies on the new Amazon Fire TV service comparable to Netflix.  It doesn't.  The quality selection of free streaming movies is much better on Netflix than on Amazon, and Netflix service is available for free on most new televisions and DVD players without buying Roku or Amazon Fire TV.  I am really disappointed in Amazon Prime.
Disappointing in the extreme. My personal observation is that a person cando better with the XBox1 or a multi purpose blue-Ray DVR. Just another gimmick to part you from your money. You can buy an he blue ray DVR that can do more than the FireTV for half the price.Jim
Since it is not easily possible to filter out the Amazon prime content it's just a $99.- tool to pay amazon even more money for pay per view content....My sharp tv is doing a better job with Netflix and my computer makes it easier to find prime movies that are included in my subscription ....now if it would include international apps that would be a killer
Amazon prime is a waste of money!  Do not buy this product!  Very few free movies, you have to rent most movies to watch them.  Though the actual box you can't tell which movies are for free.  The picture and sound quality is better than other services but over all I cannot recommend amazon fire tv.
have to send it back, made calls for help, had drop call- call back got super. 1hr/30min. on phone total. working on this black box from h...+ 2 days back was 1hr on phone with my DVD palyer sony it did not work
This thing is worthless if you have a smart tv and probably not worth much if you don't.  You have to have a Prime Account to use it, which of course you pay for, and most of the content has to be bought.  With an AppleTV or a Roku 3, at least you don't have to pay a yearly fee to use it.
When you offer The Blaze TV I will consider purchasing.  I already have a Roku & like it very much!
This is the most disappointing product I have ever ordered from Amazon.  First, they fail to tell you that you must purchase an additional HDMI cable to set the device up.  Second, it failed, unlike the Samsung Blue-Ray DVD player we use to stream Netflix on another TV, to maintain a constant signal.  A show or movie would display for 1-2 minutes, stop, and &#34;downloading&#34; would repeatedly appear on the screen.Finally, Amazon says it will issue a full refund if the device is returned within 30 days (I did so within 3), they don't mention that YOU are responsible for the expense....All in all, spend less on a DVD player that connects to your wireless router.  You also gain a Blue-Ray DVD player!TO'B
I was disappointed to find that there was a charge for most movies or series' (even the older ones) that I wanted to watch...From $2.99 up to $12.99. Most of the free stuff is accessable for free on cable TV. Most of the games required a controller for another $49.99. You have to be careful which movies you choose, most are anywhere from $2.99 to $5.99, which is applied to your Amazon credit card if you have one. Technically, the apparatus is terrific but the cost of using it is not!
Amazon says they are listening to us with this device.  Yet the page asking when there will be Amazon video support for the chromecast has thousands of users asking for it.  You can't even stream through the browser anymore!  THEY ARE ACTIVELY RESTRICTING ACCESS TO PRIME VIDEOS TO REDUCE COMPETITION!  I was once a prime member, no more.  This is shallow and childish.
First off there are very little instruction on how to attach this item to your TV!  The equipment to attach is not included. It is very difficult to attach to a TV older then 5 years old. I had high hopes for this device but...!
Turned on and there are hundreds of blue lines across screen flickering.  The fact they loaded my Amazon profile they sure didn't have any quality check for DOA. Glad I bought Roku3 at same time.  I know which I'll be keeping.
As an Amazon customer, I am deeply offended by the continuos lack of accessibility support in Amazon products across Fire TV and Kindle. As a visually impaired user, Fire TV is completely unusable because it lacks text-to-speech, contrast control or font boldness adjustment. I and 30+ million other Americans who are hard of sight, visually impaired or blind, will never buy an Amazon Kindle or a Fire TV and will avoid buying books and movies from Amazon as long as Amazon views us as not important enough. Amazon should take a page out of Apple design principle, who offers extensive accessibility options in all iOS devices and ships the Apple TV with text-to-speech enabled by default.
Its a little misleading when a company does a comparison to other products but doesn't give the whole story. They skew the chart to read that they do EVERYTHING and the others do some. when in fact they don't mention what the others do that they don't. It's a bit shady (and by a bit I mean a lot) I expected more from amazon. This is just another  google tv incident waiting to happen.It only does streaming there is no way for you to play your own files and music though it.So it does voice command well (so they claim) It's a gimmick at best.I can get amazon streaming on any of my other devices.But If I cant stream my own content then this is useless.With the average user only having so many inputs on their TV/receiver, why do you need a box that is limited to only a few things that others can do and more.Yes you could hack this box to add functionality but its underpowered to handle the other content.Streaming HD video will choke while my apple tv handles it flawlessly.Everyone is trying to knock apple of the king of the hill and the Roku comes close. But no one touches the ecosystem integration like apple does.And the Apple tv is only a hobby to apple and they still sold over 20 million boxes.Amazon if you are going to come late to the game you should be crushing all of your competition in all areas not just some.If you want me to pay the same price for your box as an appletv then you should offer all the same features not just a small subset of them.If this box was 49 bucks maybe but at 100 when I can get the same thing from other sources? Not likely.The only thing this box has over the apple tv is amazon instant video and to be honest Netflix has a better service as far as video goes. The fact that amazon prime members get instant video thrown in is a great business model in this day and age but the front end is horrible. searching and saving content is a little discombobulated.Sorry amazon I had high hopes for you your box will be relegated to a niche market.But for a lot of people who already have another way to watch amazon video this box doesn't add any value.Recap-No streaming of your own video/music/picsLimited music stream (ie  NO Spotify -which is the hottest music streaming service) pandora? meh who caresother devices that support amazon streaming? Roku,ps3/4, xbox, a meriad of internet enabled tv's, Tivo, some bluray players etc the list goes on. all of these devices offer multiple uses. The fire tv is a one trick pony. and maybe it does that trick really well but with the economy the way it is and consumers making smart purchases I think they would want to spend their money on something they can get multiple uses out of.Back to the drawing board amazon.
Amazon want us to pay $99 for a device that jams their content down our throats? Fat chance. There are many devices that are better, provide more content variety and are cheaper. The only thing  that Amazon Fire TV does is diminish the Amazon brand in this buyer's eyes. I may consider converting to a different platform for my purchasing and reading needs. Boo Amazon.
SUCKS!!!
I was really excited  when I saw this.  I currently have an Apple TV and lament the lack of apps. However not having HBO Go on the Fire is a deal breaker for me.
The best video service is vudu, only one offering 1080p video. Any device that won't offer that won't waste time in my home.
About a month ago I cut the cord. Part of my plan was to watch all the included with prime shows I could watch on my Roku. Shortly after I started watching these shows one by one they were removed from prime.So, as it stands now I pay Netfix $96 a year and all the programming is free. I pay Hulu Plus $96 a year and all the programming is free. I pay Amazon $100 a year and a few shows are free. The shows I like I have to pay more to be able to watch them. Oh, and I've looked over the new content that Amazon is bringing on board. What a load of crap.With Amazon fire TV I get to pay Amazon $100 a year, then pay then $99 for their device, and then on top of that pay them again for the shows I want to watch?Until I'm convinced otherwise I'm afraid I can't support the Amazon fire TV.Edit 4/4/14A few people have responded to my review. I signed up for Amazon Prime because I was planning on cutting the cord and I saw Prime instant video as an option I wanted to pursue. As many of you pointed out I have it backwards. The only reason to sign up for Amazon Prime is the free shipping. Amazon Prime instant video is not a viable option. I will not compare it to Hulu or Netflix. Seeing that I already have a Roku I see no need in purchasing an Amazon Fire TV.
the order came in on the right day I hooped it up and it works fine.However, I thought I read that it would work on my new kindle HD, but I have since found out that it doesn' work with if. That's a big disappointment to me, If I had known that I would definitely have not ordered this. Now I am stuck with it.
Until its got HBO Go, I'm not interested.  As soon as it does though, I'm getting one.  Hopefully they fix this major missing piece soon.
Ordered 2 units.  Installed one and it worked fine that evening.  1 week later it didn't respond to the remote.  Disconnected / connected power  and same results. The main menu showed but that's it.  Installed the 2nd unit to rent an amazon movie, and it worked fine that evening.  Haven't tried it again.  Am sending 1st unit back and have ordered another unit.  Amazon may have serious problems with this release, and will hopefully be able to fix w/ an online unit update (seems to be software).
As an Amazon Prime member and long-time cord cutter, I was really excited about Amazon entering the top set market. However, after two weeks of use, I'm pulling the plug on Fire TV and putting it up the old Roku 2 box.Pros:-Voice Search, but... (see cons)-Responsive interfaceCons:-Voice Search is very, very pushy about Amazon content-It is very hard to tell what is Amazon Prime (included content) and pay for content-Weird video/audio synchronization on Hulu Plus, Plex and Smithsonian channels-No access to Google Play store, I had to re-purchase Plex through Amazon store-No PBS channel (available for free on Roku, but many programs are for purchase through Amazon)
I was excited to get this, and when I first plugged it in I really enjoyed the ease of setting it up and the quality of sound and picture. The next time I used it the unit froze, turned off, and no matter what I did, will not turn back on. I have tried unplugging it and plugging it back in, and searching around online, but there doesn't seem to be any ideas on how to fix this. Oh well, I tried to 'chat' with Amazon support but I got someone who didn't even ask a question, but just hit buttons to display preprogrammed responses. So, I got responses to things I hadn't asked. Quality...so...don't buy. You won't get any support if you do and something goes wrong. The same thing happened to me with a Kindle Fire, and needless to say, after the second one broke for no reason, I didn't get a third. Needless to say I was an idiot for trusting that maybe they had made some improvements to their hardware, but sadly I shouldn't have bought one of these. Don't waste your time or money with this product.
Did not play any video at all. Got a new hdmi, but didn't do anything. Customer service offered standard "unplug it" advice, but no change. Sending back immediately and getting another roku3. This takes amazon down a notch for me.
I connected the Amazon Fire TV to my Sony HD TV and it quickly booted up. I connected it to my WiFi and it loaded new software. After the software was updated the TV screen went dark and I was unable to access the home page.  I disconnected the power and waited 30 seconds as directed in the online trouble shooting guide. It quickly booted and asked me again to connect to the internet which I did although it was already connected.  This time the TV screen glowed bright white but I was still unable to access the home page which is where all the options are for solving problems. The only button on the remote that works is the &#34;back&#34; button which goes to the internet connection page. After skipping that as it was already connected, the screen again went blank. I reconnected my Sony streamer and it works fine. I would really like to use this Amazon Fire TV but there is no way to get help except to go to the &#34;Home&#34; page which I cannot access. A phone number for a help line would be beneficial for electronic jerks like me. I'll keep trying but may have to return it due to the lack of assistance from Amazon.
have the apple tv, shocked this fire tv doesn't have mlb.tv.  will be returning the product.  tons of reviews on the fire state that the fire tv supports mlb.tv.  shame on me for not contacting amazon before i purchased the product
Just took it out of the box. Needs to do software update. Software update unsuccessful.  I tried three more times. Same thing. I got my return label and UPS will take it back to Amazon.I really wanted to try it out but could not get past the software update issue.
There are episodes (purchased through Amazon) listed that lead to download Hulu. Nothing but advertisement. Returning it tomorrow. Deceptive product and I will not pay for a product that misleads me when I have PAID for episodes.
Amazon Web Services, which hosts a large part of the internet including for companies such as Netflix, Spotify, Tumblr, AirBnB and Pinterest, currently only sources 15% of its electricity demand with clean energy, according to the report.Coal powers 28% of the company's cloud, nuclear 27% and gas 25%."By continuing to buy dirty energy, Amazon Web Services not only can't seem to keep up with Apple, but is dragging much of the internet down with it," Mr Cook said."Apple, Facebook and Google are powering our online lives with clean energy and building a greener offline world for everyone in the process," said Gary Cook, Greenpeace's senior IT analyst.
My hope is someone from Amazon will read this. The issue with this market is similar to the protected digital video content market where everyone does something different rather than having one system. These devices make hat market easier by supporting content from multiple sources, but none let you search for content from all sources. e.g. I search for Avengers and it finds that I own it and can play my owned copy from the following sources.This device seems to do what Roku does, but with support for far fewer services. HBO Go and Vudu are some of the ones missing for my use.This device and Roku lack support for local media streaming. UPnP/DLNA support is a must. Another is support for local file sharing with support for SMB/CIFS, AFP and NFS. This kind of support and support for many codecs has kept me with the WDTV. My issues with the WDTV are no Amazon Video support and the latest model is a bit slow, the local file sharing does not work as consistently as the old version and you can't specify a hostname or IP for the file server.I understand that Apple will likely not ever allow streaming from any of their services from other devices, but excluding Apple I, like many others, want to have the one box that does it all. Roku is probably the closest, but it lacks local media support.Given that Intel NUC based systems are very cheap with Core i3 CPUs and not that much for versions with i5 and i7, I would be fine paying for $200 - $350 for something with that power that could have a front end like this device, Roku, WDTV, etc. and that could run windows to provide an iTunes interface. I realize this is out there, but then if someone would have described many of the devices we have now years before they came out and changed our digital world, people would have said the same thing then.
Does not carry The BlazeRoku does.If you want The Blaze you need to look at the Roku, too bad.
The Chromecast does about the same thing. Yes, it has some neat gimicks, but its not worth keeping. All the additional apps included on the FireTV are useless to me. My bf said to send it back and get my money back. Which I will do.
Hardware - This is a great deviceSoftware - Easy to useThose are the pros. Here are the cons.Why buy into the amazon ecosystem? Why pay 100 for this when you can buy a roku for 60? Amazon has raised the price of prime. BUT the big kicker is that you can view prime instant video with android. You can watch it on your computer, your roku, your ios device, but not on android (unless you have a kindle fire). Prime shipping was enough to keep prime, but with the fee hike and lack of android support, methinks not. BTW, I'll be keeping my Netflix subscription because it works on ALL PLATFORMS.
Amazon is a behemoth corporation that doesn't care about anything but profits.  They have misled and will do so again.  I have had personal experiences with Amazon admitting fault but not accepting responsibility.  PRIME is a scam and this is a new way to bundle their poor streaming content.  I suggest staying away of any of their products, especially the ones they are solely responsible for.  My theory is that this will transmit consumer data to Amazon so they can spy on you to better learn your viewing and buying habits in order to market more products directly to you.  Their device could access your microphones, webcams and speakers, do you want to give Amazon that power?  They hide behind a subjective Terms of Agreement, written in lawyerese that gives them a backdoor for anything.  Be careful.
I wish I could give 0 stars!  This was a waste of time ordering and installing!  We were so excited to try the Fire.  We have 4 Roku boxes in our home, one quite old and 3 Roku 2 and Roku 3 boxes.  I would choose our Dinosaur Roku over this piece of trash any day!  We installed and started checking it out right away.  Show after show we started playing would play for a few minutes and then freeze.  Is this box defective and others are great?  Or are they all garbage?  I don't have the patience to try another.  My experience says FORGET IT!!  We are sticking with Roku and will spend our hard earned money on another new Roku box to replace our old one.  Also if you are excited about the VOICE FEATURE, make sure you read through and understand it is only going to work on your Amazon Prime account and not your other providers, like Hulu, Netflix, etc.
No gigabit Ethernet. No USB 3.0. No MKV support. What's the point of that nice quad-core chip if you can't do anything with it? I think what Amazon is trying to sell is an overpriced locked-down Chromecast that you can talk to. No offense Chromecast. I guess it was rushed because it can't even mirror Android devices correctly (only Youtube works). I'd either get a Roku, wait for Apple's next TV box upgrade, or get a box that plays mostly everything (like KDLINKS HD720 or WD TV Live).With new electronics coming out now, you do not expect to see 5-12 year old technology in them (unless accompanied by newer standards). You want newer tech for future-proofing. Of course, Amazon just wants you to buy the updated box next year (planned obsolescence). The Fire TV's only benefit is a fast UI because of that quad-core processor. Anyway, the bottom line is that this device does not offer much functionality. Amazon is just hoping to sell more digital videos with it (proof is that you can't search free prime videos). I can already watch those with an app on my LG smart TV, my Sony Blu-Ray player, or my Xbox One (and of course my computer).
CONNECTED TO MY NETWORK EASILY BUT WOULD NOT CONNECT TO AMAZON.COM.WENT TO THE SUPPORT PAGE,OH WAIT IT DIDN'T EXIST YET. THIS PRODUCT PROMISES MUCH BUT COULDN'T DELIVER THE BASICS,LIKE CONNECTING TO AMAZON.
I feel cheated. Buy AMAZON FIRE and not warned me that it is not compatible with my country since trying to use it to get the message ONLY FOR USE IN USA.
Fire TV does not work with my DSL wireless internet.  My Roku and Sony DVD player are able to play streaming content without issues, so the problem is definitely with the Fire TV. I am sending it back now.  I was able to establish wireless connection, and update the software on the second attempt.  After unplugging the device for several minutes, it finally worked.  It works ok when nobody else is online; however, with teenagers in the house, that is a rare opportunity.  As soon as someone else gets online, the Fire TV will only play for a couple of minutes before it has to stop and re-buffer.  It simply requires too much bandwidth for my 3 MB/S DSL connection.  My Sony DVD player will adjust the video quality, based on internet speed; but not the case with Fire TV (and it will not go lower than 720p).  Also, I was very disappointed with the voice search feature; as it only searches Amazon content.  The Roku searches everything, so I expected the same or better capability.  I am very disappointed with Fire TV.
stuck in an endless upgrade loop. screeen displays "go to firetv support" no way to get help, endless videos and stuff no assistance"Contact Us" is missing during launch.... bad thing
What Amazon Vine reviewers, paid reviewers, and fanboys won't tell you, but thousands of Amazon customers know well:The CC for the hearing impaired which comes with nearly all video products today is stripped out of nearly all Amazon video content. Amazon only streams the CC for the hearing impaired on the small percentage of video on which it is required by law.If you or any member of your family uses this CC, you will not be happy with Amazon Video. And probably not with Amazon's new box, either.Amazon has made a corporate decision to strip the CC from their offerings. That decision is short-sighted and foolish, but it's Amazon's decision to make. It's difficult to understand, however, why Amazon refuses to be upfront with potential customers of their video offerings regarding this altering of the streaming product.
Did not want to connect to the wifi even though the ps3 and roku connected just fine. It did work when it was like 5 feet away from the router, any further and it wouldn't connect.
Even after several long sessions with Amazon Fire techs the Fire continued to have a double screen that could not be cleared. Frustrating.
I bought Fire TV for my second TV after having a very satisfying experience with Apple TV. Thought Fire TV would be better with my Prime membership but I was wrong! It's been only two months but I'm already having a big trouble with it. All of a sudden it doesn't play any videos of Hulu, Netflix and Amazon Prime while YouTube and Pandora apps seem to work fine. (Internet is connected; account is registered; and all data of apps were cleared and reinstalled several times!) When I played any video, it kept showing a message telling me to contact the customer service so I've requested a call through FireTV twice since last week but hasn't received any. Do I really have to reset it to factory settings? And how? What a big pain!
I was fortunate to be offered a unit to try free for 30 days - unfortunately the unit - which arrived very quickly, and looked to be of good quality, did not work.The returns process does not allow a replacement to be provided, but a credit given on the return of the faulty unit - and I was too lazy to go through the process again!
i would like to save my emails and passwords for things instead of typing them constantly..and the nonworking flash?  when i called they said its not working yet.  its like buying a  car without tires?  wtf?  who sends out half done s***?as for customer service.  they are the best with american english speaking people thank god.  the apps are okay, but there is not alot available.  and prime free stuff SUCKS TO HIGH HEAVEn with just enough to keep you paying for the membership.  Come on, make it worth my while.  Give me some good movies that arent B C or F rated.  Especially scary ones, did you get that at bad actor training school?As for the fire, i like it.  I think its a nice little gadget.  I would like to see a subscript for hbo and showtime without being a cable subscriber.  That would be nice and i woulld pay for it 14.00 a month per premium sounds fine.  Satellite Direct is actually a better deal at a better price if you want cable tv.  And it would be nice if you could add that onto the amazon fire tv.  i am looking for new programming so i can CUT the cable cord and if we all did so it would force them to lower their obnoxious rates.The device is great for kids, and them gaming.  it turns the tv into a type of basic VERY BASIC android device.  If i could load my content onto it it would be better.  And if i could use it as a dvd player for my netflix rentals.  But it was worth the money.  I will add xbmc on it and go from there.i had problems with sound on some series programming on amazon instant and netflix with no sound working.  Customer service is quick, reliable and understanding for that they deserve a raise and kudos to their service.  Quick call back, kindle mayday and helpful more so than anyone i have ever called.Living in the boonies, I like the music ability on the amazon fire tv.  Just got it yesterday and can stream music since my radio local stations are horrible in my area.  Love that.  And the kids havent used it yet, being out of town.  they will soon i am sure.  The games on our living area main tv is worth the price being lower cost than xbox, wii or any other system on the market.  However the game controller should be 19.99 or included.  I dont buy a device to spend extra money for extras.  The streaming is good and no lag mixed up words or stuff.  So thats a great quality on the fire.  The kindle fire hdx which i will mention has great sound and video quality as well.get the usb working and i will be totally satisfied.  Three days later I cant get hbo go, the choices on apps are horrible and the limited games.  total cost of device with prime (by the way very limited good movies and shows)  and old stuff, and the gaming remote you need for almost ALL the games 250.00 just buy a smart tv.  WOWgot a roku 3 with memory slot and usb that ACTUALLY WORKS TODAY AND NOW.I find more choices, gaming is great even with standard remote with gaming remote only being 29.99I will cancel my prime, thanks to it only being a trail and I can watch hbo go.  the kids are already gaming on it whenthey wouldn't even try on fire tv.So all in all amazon is deceptive waste of time and money and costs extra.roku is already surpassed it at a lot less the price.  save money and time buy roku 3.  FOR SURE.  and I have both.
The good:It has the best screensaver!  My housemate and I love  the  screensaver.The  kind of bad:Voice recognition does not always work.  Perhaps this is to be expected in a new device.I've had to twice clear out memory from my account in order for the Fire to work.  I never, ever had this problem with the Roku.The worst:My Amazon Fire won't connect to my Amazon account.  I can't get any video to stream from Amazon.  Interestingly enough, content from Hulu does stream.For a couple of months, I had no trouble accessing my Amazon video, but the last week I could not get my amazon videos. At least I can get Hulu.I am a big supporter of Amazon and even have some stock in Amazon.  It pains me to give this device a one star rating.  I am very disappointed in this device.
This was an attempt to cut the cord but unsuccessful. Not worth it if you have a Smart TV. Only tried because I was offered a free demo from Amazon.Didn't like that they pre load your account to the device. Can't use without Prime Membership or pay $3.99 to watch Tv episodes that i can view online for free.Only good thing about this item was the remote worked very well. But I only found this out because I search through the endless categories to try and find some free videos to see how well the video looked. But I couldn't find one. The search features be need massive improvement, filter settings, sort, etc.
Best deal on streaming TV. $2.99 a month for all the British and Antipodean shows you can stand. Worth it just for Jack Irish.
I do purchase BluRay and I am a user of Digital Copy.  Vudu is an essential channel.  Also, HBO is the best premiere channel on cable.  Best original programming - I could on forever. I love being able to watch what I want, when I want on HBOGo.  Just another reason HBO is the best.  Don't get me wrong - others are making strides to catch up and should be commended.  But HBO is still the standard as long as it is HBOGo is a reuirement for media streaming.
not really a fan of this. nothing new from any of the other boxes cept just as expensive. returning and sticking to appletv.
Picked this up as a replacement for my WD Live TV media player.Pros:Installed easily right out of the box.Access to Prime media was a selling point for me.Cons:Limited to apps that Amazon wants you to have. (It runs Android 4.2, unlock the thing and let me load what I want.)Doesn't access network shares without an app. Only app Amazon allows is Plex. Plex doesn't see ISO files as media like my WD does.Box could be real sweet if the developers as listened to what people use these things for. I may try one again if its opened up.
I do not want this stuff, I do not understand why Amazon is so persistent for me to buy it.  I do not want them to  create the need for me I do not have the need this machine
I was expecting this to do at least what the Kindle Fire HD does, which is Book, Apps, Music, Audiobooks & Video.Doesn't let me read my Amazon eBooks purchases.Doesn't let me play my Amazon music purchases (has Pandora, but not my own music.)Doesn't let me listen to my Amazon|Audible audiobook purchases.But you can watch video.This thing is seriously deficient in capabilities. Sorry I bought it.
All I get us a black screen. I keep calling amazon for help and I go through the same checklist over an over.  Can Someone please help.I have never had a problem w amazon but this is painful.Youtube works. But amazon prime on demand comes out a blank screen like in pause mode indefinitely. When I FF I see the video in the bottom left in small but no sound. Please HELP
As a streaming viewer, this unit is on par with Internet-equipped players, Roku units, etc. -- no better and no worse. Problem is, I bought this for its advertised mirroring capability, which would allow one to project whatever one is viewing on the screen of a Kindle HDX to a TV, and it simply does not work. More than an hour spent with Amazon's tech support did not resolve the problem and the tech's conclusion was that my router and/or modem blocked this feature. No real surprise that, when I purchased a Netgear Push2TV, both of my Kindle HDXs mirrored flawlessly. So much for problems with my router or modem...The Netgear unit works great, is easy to set up, and is about half the cost of the Fire TV. If mirroring your Kindle HDX screen is important to you, go with Netgear -- you'll save money and the mirroring capability actually works. If mirroring capability is not important to you, know that the streaming capability of the Fire TV is just about the same as other streaming units I have used.
didn't like it
You almost had me putting it in my cart, Until i looked at the comparison chart and saw NO HBO GO.. What kinda &#34;ground breaking&#34; exactly are you doing? HBO GO is like KING of the premium channels, So much content you're missing.Until you add HBO Go, For me its a NO-GO
I'm a little upset with Amazon right now.. I have been a prime member for several years now and I love the service.. So much that I spent $800 dollars on a new smart tv that includes an Amazon app already on the tv.. And it doesn't work! Amazon says they're working on the problem.. Visio says they're working on the problem.. Hmm now it seems Amazon has been working on this new unit , which explains the problem. Amazon is by passing roku and Visio by creating their own streaming unit. Great move for them , ( the Visio doesn't work with my roku either)but now I have a tv that came in a box that had amazon pictured all over the box!! I'm feeling duped :(
I picked this up with the controller as a little gaming getaway for another room of the house as well as the movie streaming, but I've had to unplug this machine multiple times just on the set up freezing or having connection errors. Have to click multiple times on anything for it to register. Device will work for about 30 seconds and then won't connect or display anything. I haven't even been able to watch a movie or play a game yet. Maybe the servers are being overloaded, but seems odd.  Waste of money so far.
of the idiotic G. Busey commercial.  I will never purchase this.  Almost as bad as the talking animals they put on commercials. An insult to intelligent humans.
I own an AppleTV and two Rokus. This piece of #@%# is the worst and going right back to Amazon:1. Netflix and Hulu apps feel dated and hard to use. Hulu takes a zillion clicks to get to recently added TV episodes!2. Netflix and Hulu apps are buried under apps (like the 10th menu entry on the left).3. ????4. Profit! While the Amazon Instant performance is snappy there is no way to restrict access to Prime content only. I feel like it's a pushy sales man always trying to sell me something. Absolutely hate that.Regarding the title of my review: As a kindle owner, impressed with past Amazon products I feel let down and betrayed. How could they have put out such a horrible box?
First the Fire TV couldn't see the network, but could see my neighbor's network, which is much further away. Now, with the unit precariously perched atop the tv, it sees the network but won't connect. Yes, the password is correct. Everything else I connect, Apple TV, iPad, iPhone, MacBook Pro, girlfriend's Android phone, second Apple TV, all connect seamlessly. About to send this back and wait for a better iteration. I have no desire to be a beta tester.
Device did not work on setup. Called support. Rebooted as directed, successfully registered, but screen went dark after registration.  Called support again, and they are shipping a new unit, but very disappointed.Turns out this device only works with 1080p HDMI displays.  I have Sony 1080I/720p.  I changed settings on Fire TV to 720p by attaching to a computer display then reattached to my Sony.  Voila- now picture works, but no content plays.  I use Apple TV in same environment and it works fine.  This device is just not fully compatible with TV's.  Sending everything back.
Really disappointing.  Poor selection of movies on prime and no way to sort movies that are part of prime.  Caching is poor and video quality is not nearly as good as the chromecast quality.  I am sending it back.
I order the Fire TV the second it came out!  It looked great and I needed a great way to play Amazon Prime content (The App on my Samsung TV is flaky, at best).  I wanted to be able to watch season 4 of Warehouse 13...since Amazon nixed out NetFlix for the license...at least for right now.Anyway, I was stunned to open the box and find a power Brick!  How 1990's.  My old Apple TV has just a power code.  It looks like a rush design job on the part of Amazon (based on the iFixit photos of the inside of the box) so Amazon engineers did not have time to integrate the ICs or put a power supply on-board.Then when I plugged it is and run it for an hour, it got hot (not so much to burn, more more than just warm).  I did a quick test and it used 5X the power of my Apple TV while playing a movie from Netflix.  It also appears to draw more than 5X the power in standby...But I can't read low enough to accurately measure the Apple TV.Functionally, I can stream video!  One I get some more run-time, I might change my rating...but for now, I am Very sadly disappointed in the designed of the power system and the Excessive power consumption.**** UPDATE ****In a 72F room, the Fire TV was 100F after 12 hours of idle.  After watching Wrath of Khan from Amazon Prime, is was 134F.In a 72F room, the AppleTV was 78F after 12 hours of idle.  After watching Wrath of Khan from NetFlix, is was 108F.
Very limited selection of free movies if you don't have Prime. The marketing makes it sound like there are 1,000s of options but in reality, you have to pay for the overwhelming majority of them. Also, the system needed to be updated right when I plugged in the power and it wouldn't automatically connect to our wireless. Truly disappointed. Only good thing is netflix streams very clearly in it.
Doesn't include HDMI cable. Give me what I need to make it work out of the box. Ridiculous. Should have just went with the Roku.
I have to give the Amazon Fire Tv a poor rating due to the fact there is no power button. You are supposed to be able to touch any button on the remote to bring box out of sleep mode, but I always have to unplug box from power source to make it work. Amazon customer service is the best. They immediately offered to send a new one over night and did so, buy unfortunately it did not work at all. When it does work it performs exactly as promised and is wonderful. But I can't recommend this product to anyone till they fix power issue.
Most of the viewing  choices  are not free. I turned off . It is overpriced. Voice command should be not limited.
Not clear to me what it did when I got it - I thought I could get Net Flix and other providers through it but could not.  It is not on my lap top - just TV - and I still don't see the purpose of it.
The reason why I give it a 1star is because it was a surprise gift but you do not have the access to all of its features if you are living in the Caribbean hope Amazon will work on this as people in the Caribbean deserves the same credit. Sorry if I upset anyone but that is reality
Unfortunately the audio did not work with my Vizio model TV VA320M. Called Amazon tech, and advised to try another HDMI cord.  I went out and purchased another cord, but still could not get the audio to work. I was told that Other customers with my model Vizio had same problem. Returned product to Amazon. I hope they get it fixed soon!
Updating my review. This thing sucks. Dont even use it anymore. Apps dont load so there is no point. Not sure if something is wrong with the box or what but waiting 10-15 minutes for Hulu or Netflix or whatever app to load is stupid. Unhooked it and put it in the closet.
I am looking for HBOGo and don't see it.  I'll re-consider when they have it. Not worth my money at this time.
No HBO GO is definitely a deal breaker for me.  Was really excited about this until I found that out.
Okay, I didn't read anything on the page, I watched the commercial, and I have no idea what the hell this does.  I know that Amazon was desperate and used Gary Busey of all people.  You don't even see the device until the end and all it shows is what Xbox one can do with the speech thing.  The worst commercial ever with no content at all.  Makes me not want to buy it on principal.
Outside of Amazon product onlyh voice search and a quicker processor, Roku 3 still out performs FireTV in many other areas. Besides HBO GO and VUDU Roku3 has one huge advantage, you can access you iPhone via the Roku app. It functions allow you to instantly search the Roku store for all available channels or my channels.You can quickly control all functions of the Roku 3 by turning your iPhone into a Roku remote control.Now listen to this, or now do not listen to this. Amazon declares you can listen to your Amazon purchased music via FireTV. Key words&#34;Amazon Purchased&#34;My Roku3 / iPhone app combination lets me play my entire 2,000 song iPhone music collection via my Roku3/TV Theater Sound System. It can play my Amazon purchases, my iTunes purchases, and any old CD's I downloaded to iTunes. FireTV will not.It seems Amazon rushed out this product to the market. With their resources, too bad they didn't put out a complete package.Voice search only works on Amazon videos, and now you can only listen to music on Amazon purchased music.Oh, I also forgot, did I mention you can also access the ever popular Facebook via Roku3.
I would definitely consider this, but they need more of a channel line up and they need to carry The Blaze TV. I think in the meantime I'll stick with my Roku.
I thought by now in 2014 that there would be content in native 4K Ultra High Def but I guess we still have to wait and deal with old obsolete HD.Wake up Amazon, this is 2014. We want native 4K not old tired unclear HD.Back to my Sony magic box!
It's useless if you are not living in the United States, so watch out.
No,  would not work on out TV. I send it back.
I do not own this product , I am giving it 1 star solely because amazon does not mention anywhere if this would work in countries other than the united states or not ! am a Prime user my self and this should have been clear in the description of the item.I will change my rating as soon as I get a proper comment reply from amazon staff , I will change it to 3 stars ( neutral ) if this product works outside of USA.  If it does work , and 1 star if it doesn't , because amazon should seriously consider more all those clients with prime memberships outside united states.if it works , I will order one immediately and adjust my review according to my satisfaction with it. Please don't comment with ( oh , you give it 1 star and you don't own it , way to go ! ) , because I really don't care what you think. This is for amazon to clearly point things out to us ( international customers ) and to give us more attention.
I'm ready for the backlash. This box has the worst, most convoluted, annoying user interface I have experienced. Unbelievably limited options for customization. Extremely limited support for &#34;open&#34; uses. The hardware is great, and it is completely ruined by the ridiculous choices made by the Software Dev team. Even with prime...which you are basically bullied into if you want even some kind of limited useful and friendly usage the box still sucks. VERY disappointed here. Do not look to replace a Roku 3 with this crap, that is all hype or fanboy rhetoric. I don't even love my roku 3 but it is miles beyond this thing when it comes to usability, and a well thought out UI. I listened to all the crap posted about how great this box is and bought into it, huge mistake. I even used fast shipping because that is the only way I could get it on an available day due to Amazons new and much worse shipping policies. So, I'll chalk that loss up to my own stupidity for pulling the trigger.Want details....Ok. Here is the main important one, the box does a lot of things and it does them all badly. It doesn't really have any strengths other than build quality and specs for me to point out. What good are specs if they limit your ability to make use of them? Put in another $50 or so and get one of these barebones media pc configs with an APU, you will be infinitely more satisfied.Sour grapes? I admit, I've got them...They aren't turning to wine either.
Fire TV was a replacement for my Roku 3 and Samsung Smart TV PLEX clients.  You have to purchase the PLEX app on the Fire, something you don't have to do with other platforms, but I was happy to throw down a buck to support the PLEX developers.  Bad news, movies and shows on the Fire TV look horrible via PLEX.  Even after bumping the quality settings way up, video on the Fire TV looks dull and less crisp than on the Roku 3 and Samsung Smart TV PLEX apps.  Colors seem washed out, and the playback seems less fluid.  Major audio issues are also apparent - the app won't function at all with some high-end audio selections, and 5.1 doesn't work.  I really wanted this to work, as I am always looking for a PLEX client with a little more to offer.  Unfortunately, Fire TV isn't it.
As soon as I plugged it in, it wanted to update it software.It sits for a couple of minutes doing lots of network traffic (I can see the lights on my Ethernet switch and DSL modem) then stops saying the update has failed and I should unplug it and try again.  So, I do.  Same thing. I'm on the 5th cycle, and the progress bar when it's downloading is about 10%. So, it gets a little and then gives up.What a piece of crap.
They just had to try and rip off the Apple TV. How lame of amazon. When has amazon ever been original? They see someone else's good idea and want to try to make money off of it. Seriously? If amazon wants to be great then they need to be original.Every time I've purchased an amazon device I've been very dissapointed with the quality. I'm very happy with my Apple products.
I was so excited to order the new Amazon FireTV, finally a device that would fill the need of my entertainment wants.Boy was I disappointed...Voice search is a joke, does not work as good as even the most basic voice recognition, bark instead of mark, time instead of fly, really just bad deciphering. Problem is that when it does recognize the movie or show you are speaking of, the only option you get is to watch it on Amazon.Then there is the Plex App, why do I have to pay for something I do not own?Great hardware, but I think they seriously missed the mark. Offers nothing that others don't already offer except for a broken voice search. Save your money, buy a Chromecast instead.
Why is everything complicated to watch and charges for everything?  Even with prime trial membership everything has a fee!!!  Going to return this item.  Why do many programs only have watch list?  What is watch list?  Very disappointing.  Alot of junk.  What are we doing wrong?
From the moment I saw this unit I was so excited, I could not wait to order it. When UPS knocked on the door, I was as giddy as a school girl. I tore open the box and saw that the unit was so small that it could be placed anywhere. I hooked it up immediately. The process was fast and easy. The setup went without any problem at all. I went to my favorite Netflix show, House of Cards, and noticed immediately that there was a problem. The picture was soft and even blurry. I quickly changed out all of my HDMI cables and ran a direct line for my DSL connection. When I saw that the picture was still sub-par, I almost cried,I switched out cable cable after cable, in hopes of an improved picture to no avail. Everything about this unit was perfect from esthetics to ease of installation, but when it came to the important part, the picture quality, no matter what I did, it could not be improved. I currently watch Netflix on a 3 year old LG Blu-Ray Player. The Fire TV could not come close to matching the picture quality. I can not emphasize enough how disappointed I am. I have been a customer of Amazon for 15 years and I love the company. But someone needs to take a second at the their Beta testers for this device. I truly expected more from this device based on the advertising.
Bloomberg Live T.V. does not work in spite of numerous complaints to Amazon.  Maybe this is a Bloomberg problem - that's what Amazon says, but nevertheless, my Fire T.V. won't stream live Bloomberg t.v.  Major disappointment.
Not a lot app advailble. Share screen difficult to do... just suck all the way around honestly waste of money
Not satisfied with our purchase. It is very hard to understand on how to use this product. It should not be that confusing!
Unfortunately you can't give less than 1 star.  Brand new but doesn't work; remote not recognized and I couldn't scroll to my network; customer service very nice but for $100 bucks I think the product should function!  Get ChromeCast at $35, it's $75 less and even works!
Dolby Digital out on the fire TV only works with MP4 files, not anything else.  This means that it's pretty poor as a PLEX client (one of the featured launch titles, and the primary reason I bought this device).  I'll have to go back to using my power hogging PC which this would have replaced quite nicely.
I don't like it google tv is alt betterThe web search is real bad
I followed the instructions to the T and went back three different times..Finally i got to where i couldchoose a movie to watch,so i thougt. The movie started and played for a couple minutes till a roundcircle came up an the movie wet back to start.I tried three or four different movies and all did the samething so i disconnected the thing and put it back in the box.
im a prime member and iheard this would be ideal for me but it would not stream amazon prime movies or utube. my brother is watching prime on his ps3. im very disssapointed and in all good counciess ness cant recmend anybody puchaseing this prduct
Wanted to run Channellive TV and even though Fire is Android device, I could not find a way to run this.
No HBO Go, No MLB At Bat, no headphone jack on the remote.  NO DEAL.  This is far from &#34;groundbreaking.&#34;
I called amazon fire to ask the about the USB They said it wasn't functionalthe box has paused like 5 times without anyone touching the remoteprime free videos are most low quality and you have pay for ones that are HDno continuous play for your watch listI think this a really good device but Amazon got a little cheap no no wait maybe alittle hungry Amazon get serious and make available all content that you have HD and FreeI sent fire tv back today
OK, this geek cannot get the batteries installed in the remote.  I have weak hands so will someone please tell me what to do?It came today and I have been having trouble with opening the battery compartment.  And they have nothing about it online or in the box.
does not show prime  customer service is horrible
Netflix does not work in this crap box! The box breaks down and spits some XML code on TV.. I dont recommend this product who is planning to use it to mostly watch Netflix..
No HBO GO, or HDMI cable, plus definitely not an Apple TV competitor. Also, why try branding this as a microconsole if it can never and will never be as good as Ouya? Beats me...
Amazon Fire is overhyped. it&#8217;s also overpriced. I however, got a 30 day free trial with free shipping. so, I didn&#8217;t have to spend one penny. the Amazon Fire is slow. it tells you all the specs like &#8220;hey! we have a better processor speed than the other guys&#8221; which I did not by. also, the voice search could be better. I searched for &#8220;Mariska Hargitay&#8221; it took 2 tries for it to get it right. the box itself is simple. yet boring. not enough free stuff and  speeds are slow when trying to play a game or start a movie. what they need to embrace is demos and 30 second clips. if they did that people would be more prone to buy tv shows,movies etc&#8230; Amazon prime is over $100 a year. it&#8217;s pricey for what you get and I feel the TV and Movie industry is dead. I mean if you were a serious fan of tv shows and movies. you&#8217;d end up spending $500 to $1,000 a year on content. you&#8217;d need Hulu,Amazon Prime,Netflix,HBO,Showtime,Directv or whatever else. if there was a way to watch everything on one g$%%@# device. that would be swell. anyway.. this box is not for me. I don&#8217;t recommend it. I would wait till something better comes along. thanks for reading my rant about the Amazon Fire.
This product absolutely is restricted for use outside the USA.  I'm a world traveler and needed a way to keep entertained while traveling.  This is NOT it.  Prime or not, Amazon blocks usage when you cross the USA boarders, particularly in Europe, Middle East and Far East.
Absolutely refuses to authenticate with my Apple network. My other devices are all Apple (including 3 Apple TVs) , 3 TiVos, 2 HP Wi-Fi Printers but this FireTV simply won't participate in the network.
If you have no sense of hearing, this box is great, been battling loss of sound with Netflix and Hulu for several days now, the voice command only works for Amazon Prime which is far below average, at least the remote works, I only have negative reviews of this substandard product
This product doesn't function with a typical home, public, restaurant, airport, hotel, wifi system.  Any connection that requires you to enter your password after opening your browser, or to accept terms, this doesn't work.  I use XFINITY.com home internet and this doesn't connect because it is an OPEN network and when the browser opens you enter the password.  Amazon Fire TV has now browser and therefore you can't enter the password.  It tries to go straight to Amazon.com.  But, it can't because the password is missing.  But, you can't enter the password for an OPEN network until you get to the browser.Why don't they tell you this before you buy it?????  Now I get to find the UPS drop off so the return shipping label that they email me and I have to print can be used to return this worthless product!
this product is the poorest android box, the remote half the time will not work POOR. Completely poor, Completely poor
Will not connect to a surround sound system that uses RCA cables without at least $35 worth of converters and extra cables.  Does not come with either HDMI nor the Toslink cables.  All you get is a remote, some batteries, a power jack and the device.  My Roku was a better choice.
Amazon just came out with the fire tv but it needs a software download. I downloaded the update 3 different times and it still won't work.
Apple TV, that's all I'm saying!
My internet, netflix, hulu, local network reading of HD mkv files Samsung television does everything this $100 box does. I do not have to buy it to know I can download any show and watch it for free is better than this. Please if you have any internet sense and a half new television do not waste your money.
I have a samsung un55d8000 smart tv top of the line.I also have amazon prime. On my tv a have over one hundred video streaming sites,probably all that is available except one. Amazon prime videos on demand. So instead of amazon writing a stupid app for my tv they instead come out with a new product for you to buy from them to get their video services. I will not renew my prime contract because of this type of practice from amazon.There are thousands of people out there with the same problem writing or calling amazon on this problem and instead of listening they decide instead of screwing us more. To the people ordering this box when amazon has enough sold they will probably double the rate or make you buy a new box for better services. After I first called amazon about this problem with my tv they said they are writing an app as we speak, that was over two years ago. Thanks for nothing amazon keep it up and you will be out of business soon. Unhappy customer
no said if you have a smart tv you don't this fire tv  have spend money I didn't need too
Pros:  FastCons:Software is buggy.  I could not get it to connect to my wifi WPA/WPA2 encrypted network because they do not support &#34; (quotation marks) in their passwords.  I was not about to reconfigure my entire network because they fail to do wireless encryption properly.They do not support a &#34;free only&#34; search for movies and media.  I wanted to be able to find just content that I wouldn't have to rent/buy with my prime membership.They want to force cloud on you.  Frankly, the main reason I was investigating the product was so I could post pictures of my family and have it work on my TV without having to sync up to some central Itunes store (which is how Apple TV works).  The only way to do that is to post your pictures to their cloud service.  I frankly don't trust Amazon with photos of my family, as big business has proven time and time again how they will end up using your data (Facebook anyone?).  They have a USB support - developer only for the hardware, cannot plug a USB key into it to sync photos to your local device.  You cannot directly access the hardware storage of the device to put data (photos and video).  I cannot believe in this day I still cannot find a single home media device that allows me to do home photo albums without having to share my home photos with their business model.GIVE ME ACCESS TO MY PHOTOS AT HOME.
why on earth would you pay $99 to do virtually the same thing, and more (aside from voice search) your computer can do when hooked to the computer? amazon should offer this product free with every paid subscription.
No HBO-Go makes this box a no-go in our house.  We watch a lot of HBO content.  The other boxes have HBO-Go, who not the Fire?
I do not understand how an Amazon built streamer could end up being the absolute worst way to watch Amazon Instant Video on the market today. The absolute worst operator Interface off all the Amazon Instant Video players we have tried.1. NO sorting of you video library? I mean who is the complete idiot that thought this was a good thing. All Movies and TV episodes in your video library are in one single 1000+ item list from newest to oldest and you have to scroll all the way through from item 1 to find anything (and don't say search every single time you want to find something that is very stupid if you just want to look at what you have and then pick something)2. NO indication of previously watched content or progress bars in the listings to let you know you only watched half and episode.3. Advertised episodes for Hulu right next to your already purchased copy. Does this make any damn sense at all. I just paid 1.99 for a TV episode but you know what I think I will skip the commercial free copy and watch it on Hulu instead. Thanks for giving me that choice Amazon. /sarcasmHow can every other Amazon player on every platform be better than their own player? The iPad app is far superior. The ROKU player is far superior. the player on our Sony BD player is far superior.Why is Amazon the only digital content provider that does not let you sort your own video library into genre and movie/tv etc. it has always been lacking but this player makes it stupid with no sorting options.
Went to set up my AF TV today and it wouldn't recognize my remote.  I tried it on two separate TVs and got the same response.  Changed batteries and got the same response  Guess I'll stick with Hulu.  There's works.
Same thing as a roku except more expensive and with glitchy voice feature. What are they thinking releasing a 100$ tv addon? Google Chromecast & Roku are BOTH Better.
You are kidding right? Zero stars right now until you get HBO GO, then we can start talking.HBO has the best shows, without HBO GO I don't see how far you can get.
I was very disapointed as everything I wanted to watch was to purchase. I have netflix, not many of the other programs.I returned it a am happy with my western digital. It is good for amazon, but just not for me. Sorry
No HBO GO. No can do. I would like for this product to have HBO Go, then I would consider purchasing it.
To be honest, one doesn't have to have this box to make a review. The set top box is a -very- crowded market, with Roku and Apple TV being the more popular products depending on what you want. Now the Amazon Fire TV Lessee...- Fire TV has all the popular channels Roku has, but Roku has a lot more still (Roku has at least 750 public channels, and a heck of a lot more private channels).- Game-wise, Roku is more open-sourced compared to Fire TV, only the placing of channels into the public is closed (per review of Roku's staff).- The controller (the Roku's remote) is INCLUDED in the $99 version, and the remote also is not reliant on IR (last I checked, it's RF or BT). The Roku remote also has gyro-sensors for play with Angry Birds (also included in the $99 Roku).- Amazon can't beat Android's set top box on controllers (Any USB and BT controller is compatible)- My Android set top box has the same specs, but my remote is better (full QWERTY keyboard).- My Android device has access to almost all the library Amazon's Fire TV has (take a guess which one is NOT on Android), and a lot more (also like Roku)- From what I saw, Amazon's Fire TV uses Android (AGAIN) for its OS (hence the better &#34;voice search&#34;).Why not simply put Amazon's Instant Video apps ON Android instead of trying to make your own devices. Then you can make more money off Android users instead of having a niche market.
I agree with most everyone. Most people won't purchase this unless HBO GO and VUDU  are added to the roster.  I have several digital copies on VUDU  that I like to view on occasion.  If these two elements are added it may be a winner.
For those of you that would be mislead by the &#34;supported&#34; formats understand this:  This device supports &#34;fixed&#34; content provider streaming only.  Have a library of your own video files you want to watch?  This won;t do it unless you install an app like Plex - which is fine except there are already hundreds of other devices out there that do that.This is yet another &#34;Me Too!&#34; device.Going back for a refund.
After only 2 days, the battery in the remote went dead.  The voice search feature has never worked.  And now the picture is blurred and there is a loud static sound.  Have you ever tried to contact customer service?  They make it almost impossible.
BIGGEST WASTE OF MONEY  MOVIES WILL NOT DOWN LOAD!!! IT TAKES ALMOST 10-15 MINUTES BEFORE YOU FINALLY SEE YOUR PROGRAM .YOU NEED TO PAY REGULAR FEES SAME AS RED BOX NETFLIX YOU JUST DO NOT HAVE TO RETURN EVEN BEING PRIME YOU PAY FOR JUST ABOUT EVERYTHING THEY HAVE (WHAT IS THE SENSE OF HAVING $99 A YEAR SUBSCRIPTION AND PAY FOR THIS THEN STILL PAY TO WATCH A MOVIE DO NOT RECOMMEND
No enough apps, essentially a total waist. Better of getting a roku or even the dreaded Apple TV. If you must have one, it does a fine job of running XBMC.
No native DLNA.. So I bought two Roku's.
Save some money and frustration, get the Chromecast.
To much extra equipment @$150 to connect to older tv on cable, not HTML.
UPDATE: After speaking with Amazon customer service, I am happy to say that the software engineers are busy working on an update that will allow media playback from an external USB device. The Amazon rep was unable to give me any details on file type compatibility or a released date. Until the update is released and I have time to tinker with it, my review will remain at 1 star.I bought this to replace a non-WiFi WDTV so I could watch Netflix. I fully expected the FireTV to be able to play back files on a USB drive, but nope! It has absolutely zero support for any file types other than personal video and photos that you upload to your cloud. This makes the unit virtually useless to me, as I have lots of video and music that I would like to access via USB.Also, the FireTV is so skewed towards other Amazon products, it is insulting. The voice search only works for Amazon content. Otherwise, you have to manually type in what you want to find. I don't have Amazon Prime, and I don't want Amazon Prime.This box has the specs to be something great, but Amazon really blew it.
I have att DSL and without a hard drive I can't watch anything during prime time even though I'm supposed to have 2.5mbps..
Purchased the same day it was released with the gamepad. I love the slim look but that is where it ends really - its a little heavy compared to some of my other units as if they added a weight inside the unit to note "it doesn't feel cheap". The unit never overheats or anything nor even gets hot at all when gaming for some time. Coming from several android set top boxes, a closed ecosystem isn't really a match when its controlled slowly. I know many are ranting about no HBO Go and Vudu but we all know how this works, with time they will be supported. My Matricom Gbox MX2 has a mouse pointing remote and makes ease supporting the playstore versions on the google market like many of my other android HDMI sticks and stb devices. The wait, knowing whats on the market now that is truly open.....puts me in a different place when giving a recommendation for the Amazon unit. If you have never owned an STB in your life, only care of OTA license content in slow forms of release (no hbo, no xfinity, no fox sports, no news channel apps for streaming) then this may be fore you. But making their remote\ecosystem tie to their appstore amazon partnered apps to accommodate for their remote\gamepad controllers moving around the apps is a little misleading, and a dagger to the seasoned purchasers knowing this for the android market set top boxes. Amazon has some work to do and I am not impressed with this decision at all to begin with.Gaming: I have to give them another gimmick grade here.....the gamepad works on a few of my android devices with bluetooth, why not release it as a universal remote and supply an SDK for the entire android market....a thought. Overall I was only wanted to see how it was with the gaming and it handles it just as well as other similar devices.Search\Amazon Prime and the others considering ASAP: ASAP is restricted to amazon only as expected but overall great idea for their FireTV that will go un-noticed and no respect, Good idea and only will get better, sadly limited to Prime. Love the search, fairly accurate (FireTV>Kinect One) and a lot more expressive than others, it has a major future for this platform and will play as a major moniker for not only Amazon but future STB's to come as well.Apps: Upset, reasons above with the remote\gamepad app ecosystem. That alone limited the good nature about the sideloaded apps and the fast rate of the appstore from Amazon. The software overall just seems rushed - and last of all which relates just the worst experience ever =AMAZON WHERE IS THE OFF BUTTON!!! I can let you know why this has not happened, there are no remote options yet to power the unit on. We are sure to see an update once again....so in result its a great beta product but to the early bloomers to the STB market this is merely a toy on the side.....I for one am done with testing and found a great product already with a fully open android box. I will update my review as Amazon keeps delivering us some more quality non-beta fashioned product. All in all....back in the box for the moment.
I bought this from Best Buy.  Thank God that Best Buy has a 14 day no questions asked return policy.The product is innovative and easy to use.  I was completely disappointed however when I learned that I had to pay for most episodes and products.  I ended up returning it within a day.
I received the Amazon Fire for Mother's day.  It is now July and I still cannot resolve one problem.  I cannot download and view Netflix.  numerous calls to customer service, calls to tech support providing them with the specific error message.  Bottom line..i still cannot access Netflix.  One representative told me it was a problem with equipment and I should take it back to store and start over with a new one and see if that works. Huh?
I wanted Fire TV to work, especially because of the voice activated remote.  But this unit had electronic issues which I could not solve.  In addition, if you are used to Netflix and can determine in advance the content that is at no cost, then Amazon Fire TV will drive you crazy.  I could find no way to separate in advance content that is instant view and what is pay-for-view.
I was looking to watch TV shows that were on that day at the time it was scheduled. we live way out and hard to get TV.
I was really excited when I heard about the amazon fire TV. Installation was easy. Controller is cool. Only problem is....THE TV SEEMED TO GET IN TOUCH WITH ALIEN LIFE FORMS!!! NOW THE ALIENS ARE IN MY HOUSE AND CONDUCTING STRANGE DOINGS ON ME AND MY PIG!! I'm sorry but I simply don't have time for this and value my pig.
Well everything I wanted to see on Amazon fire TV  either cost me for rental or for buying it all I found one movie Jewel of the Nile which did not cost me anything but other than that even TV programs wanted to charge me for and I have a prime membership was very disappointed
Where's the Vudu app???  This box is worthless without the Vudu App!  Nothing on this box supports Ultraviolet - without this - the Fire TV box is junk!
first, it totally messed up my High Def TV viewing. Secondly, every time I wanted to use it, I had to first unplug it and then plug it in again. Too much trouble!
I bought the Amazon Fire TV, hooked it up, downloaded the updates, and then&#8230;nothing.  It just doesn't work.  So sad&#8230;I was looking forward to it.
It's a product which is basically an ad for Amazon stuff.  Every menu item is an ad with stuff I can buy or rent.  It feels like a hard sell every single time you do anything with this box.  Even the voice results are pushing content buying. This box is based on android so it had some promise; however, this is useless for me. Bought a Roku instead. I will also be getting the new Apple TV if it comes out in the fall.  The difference there is that IF YOU WANT to rent a movie, then you can launch an app in both Roku and Apple TV to browse the selections; however, Amazon doesn't give you that option...it's just ALWAYS showing you an ad unless you're in the Settings menu.
I was so dispointed that i cant  use it in kuwait
Was on the phone with two separate Amazon customer tech people who could not help me get this up and running. Got it connected but it wouldn't work. They seemed helpless. Very frustrating experience. Sent it back. The return people were very nice and accommodating.
When streamed videos did not play in surround sound i contacted Amazon.  After  4 days I received an email with a long list of things I could have done wrong.  The fact is that i connected it with a high rated unidirectional hdmi cable .  What else should there be for a product touted as plug and play?  I returned it and bought Chromecast.
I don't begrudge Amazon for coming out with their own devices, competition is good for the consumer after all. It's when you do anti competitive things like keeping Amazon Prime off Android devices yet still provide the service iOS or other Amazon devices (which also happen to run android). Amazon Fire TV is just the latest slap in the face to Prime Users that pay for a service yet are unable to use it on their device of choice, so no Amazon, you can keep your set top box, kindles, and whatever derivative junk you copy off Google.P.S. Global chromecast sales are off the charts, good luck catching up pfft
Any box that can't support HBO GO is no modern streaming box. There are better options out there. Very disappointed in Amazon.
They advertise this as 'cheap', but it's the most expensive box out thereNO HBONO VuduNO realistic pricingThis is the worst of the worst. There are MUCH cheaper devices out there that offer the SAME, EXACT functionality.Amazon is the LAST player in this game, and they expect us to pay a hefty fee for this? Not likely
I got this item to test out and very disappointed. I thought that the features that I wanted would be included in the price of the device. When I found out that in order to get Netflix and Hulu, you have to sign up and pay for these services, I felt misled. This was just not what I desired, to have to more money for more services. I could just get those services and hook up to my tv with a cord and eliminate this device. Also the movement between features was clumsy. You had to either talk into the mic to find something, and good luck with that... or you could go through the features and look at several in order to find what you want. This is not streamlined or search capable.
i'm very upset amazon really should have their departments coordinated. I can't get Amazon Music on it. I can't download 99% of android apps. I can't send movies from my iphone to it. It doesn't network with my PC. I'm returning this and getting a google chrome!
now it just says &#34;wireless connected, connection problem&#34; no other details.  Reconfigured wireless a couple times, set a static IP to make sure there wasnt a conflict.  Roku, samsung, and HDXs stream fine over wireless.  Very disappointed.
Pic quality isn't that good & I like shows like ncis,criminal minds,shows like that there on ion but you don't offer them I was trying to get rid of cable completely to save $ but I have three tvs so I would need to by three fire boxes is there any suggestions you can do for me as far as my shows & pic quality do I need to have three boxes or do u sell.  Something else for other tvs?
Pretty cool little box, except it is as limited as Amazon is arrogant.  The GUI is quick to navigate, yet again, it is for the most part wholly geared for Amazon only. I don't mind side-loading .apk files, but through an ADB bridge is tiresome and outdated.  I would have kept it, but the hardware failure made it completely unusable.
We only stream movies and films, so instead of a flat screen TV, we opted to get a projector. Until recently we would plug our laptop or iOS device directly into the projector. This was a hassle because 1) you can't charge the iOS while it's streaming so you have to hope the battery's full or swap out the iPhone/iPad mid-show, and 2) HBO blocks the connection between an iOS & a projector, so if we wanted to watch HBOgo on the big screen, we'd have to reorganize the cables and connect a laptop.When FireTV announced the HBO parntership, I was psyched. Guess what -- even with the HDMI to VGA converter with R/L Audio Converter, the Fire TV will not work with a projector. So we got the AppleTV. It's not only compatible with our projector, we found out we could stream HBOgo through our iOS wirelessly, which means it can be plugged into a power cable across the room. Perfect!
I paid full price for the fire tv but now I gotta pay full price for the kindle hdx because I didnt forsee the bundle offer. I bought a game controller and signed for prime. The hdx should be discounted for prime members that bought all the extras!  The next time I wont be so quick to buy because I got ripped off!
Product is a good idea but needs work. Every movie or show I try to watch freezes up. Brought 2 so I am twice disappointed.
Returning this, it doesn't meet my needs.
Totally got ripped off on this one. The shows I watch are free on my Kindle Fire HDX and PC, but you have to pay to watch them on the Fire TV. Not what I was expecting.
First the chart should be corrected. Chromecast does have games available.So you pushed up the hardware specs on your device. Not necessary at all. You could have done so much more with this device and made it worth purchasing but you didn't. $100 for the device and another $40 for the game controller? You have to be crazy to buy this product. Maybe in the coming months they will make updates where this will become worth it but why pay anything now?One big thing I kept hearing was about existing devices being so closed/proprietary and how this would change all that... NOPE! Just as proprietary as the next and actually maybe even more intrusive since they are talking about the possibility of advertisements making it easier to purchase at Amazon.
How can this even be a competitor to Roku 3 without HBO Go support? Save your money, at least until Amazon fixes the no HBO Go glitch.
I do much better with my Directv Genie, than this Amazon Fire TV. With the Fire I have to pay for everything!! Very disappointing.  I sent it back on the 13th of May and you received it on the on the 20th. Hope to hear from you soon.Patricia Gaffney
The material said you could access ESPN programs - like PTI - when trying to access those - you also have to have an account with a TV service provider like AT&T;, etc.The reason we wanted to use this product was to not have to have subscription service like AT&T; - which is not even avaiable in my area
The only thing that works well w/ this product is the voice control. Using it w/ Prime is ok except most of the movies are for fee only. The biggest problem is &#34;buffering&#34;. Anything I have attempted to watch is in a constant state of &#34;buffering&#34; I don't have that problem when I use by Blu-ray with Netflex.
The usb dont seem to have ability to use external harddrive while i enjoy the voice command. I prefer using my computer connected to my tv for amazon prime movies and shows. I am returning this box that is no better than my Roku was which i put roku in the drawer after a few weeks. I used this 2 days and it dont impress me much
The Voice Search feature is central to the use of this device as it is the only way to search for new content. The unit I received for a thirty day free trial did not have a usable Voice Search function. The beep signal to begin speaking was almost immediately followed by the end of speaking time beep, leaving no time to even blurt out the name of the content to be searched. As there is no other way provided to enter a search string, I returned Fire TV as non-functional. I will watch future reviews and may buy one if Amazon fixes this fatal flaw.
When the Fire can support MKV files and have a USB 3 port than I will get it.  Til then, it's a waste of my money. I currently have the Roku 3 and the Apple TV. If the amazon fire wanted us to walk away from those devices, all they had to do was make it a no brainer. Well, for me, and probably a whole host of others, It was was a no brainer......don't buy it......yet.  The amazon fire might have missed their big chance to steal customers away from the roku 3.
Any TV you get these days has some sort of preloaded apps for watching Netflix, etc. Amazon Prime members should get a heavy discount as we already pay $99 a year! I can already access amazon from my TV and watch prime movies and shows, as can most people, so this has no appeal to me especially at $100! I can also stream content straight from my PC to my tv, not sure what amazon is thinking here! It also comes with no HDMI cable and the gaming controller is another $40! Not to mention I have all these games on my phone/tablet that I can HDMI into my TV and play if I'm that desperate.I was hoping it offered a lot more, very disappointed with this.
I purchased this for Plex. It doesn't play most of my Plex video files. It looks like the Plex program version Amazon Fire TV uses is super outdated so the problem isn't on Plex's end. If I still had the box, I would return this in a second. My chromecast was much cheaper and works much much better. I'm about call this a loss and go buy another chromecast. Don't buy this! If you own it, maybe if more people complain Amazon will actually fix the problem.
I was surprise that all the features of this device is not supported outside USA.I wish from Amazon to solve this issue.
I will give this thing up until the return date. I shouldn't have to side load plex, I pay for the service, on normal google play I can get the plex app that doesn't cost anything. Furthermore the plex app on here is old. No web browser. Showtime app doesn't support my cable company, uh comcast, the one from google play does.Update: I've had to side load many apps, something I shouldn't have to do. It updated to the latest firmware without prompting me, now it locks up on video playback after awhile forcing me to unplug it and restart it. Amazon support basically told me to factory reset it. Instead I will be attaching a debugger, then sending them a bill for doing they're job, since they keep trying to recruit me.
Bad remote, freezes , apps freezes on their own, needs more apps, needs more memory too.I would go with Roucko
I bought it and i went overseas and i found out it works only in the USA.  oooops please indicate that it is only of the USA
Netflix is purposely difficulty to use with an outdated interface making it necessary to hand inter such information every time.
After the initial update all it does is let me connect to WiFi and goes to a blank screen. Tried every suggestion, it simply will not work.
I feel so foolish. I believed Amazon when they said Fire TV was better. I get a message saying it's not going to work unless I remove everything I've downloaded on it. (I don't know what that even means) It goes on to say I need to go to my Kindle to do what??? Why??? I'm so confused. Amazon this is so aggravating. I'm telling everyone who will listen don't buy Amazon Fire TV right now. I would wait at least a year so they can get all of the bugs out. It seems in their haste to release Amazon Fire TV they weren't quite up to snuff in the electronics design or programming department. So I still don't know what to do, if I can't figure it out then I'm sending this piece of junk back to them and pray I get my money back for this shady outfit.
Amazon Fire TVgot my first Fire TV and after signing in, downloading and setting up apps, it started!! began to notice the the lips were moving, followed by the sound. called AMAZON went through all the proceedures, clearing  caches, etc, restarting, filling in all the blanks again, and it worked. then after a few days, the cache that's supposed to clear, did not, the voices were out of sync, and back to all the fun, clear, clear, clear, plug, unplug, reset to default, cause it sure was not my fault, then back on! yes, and of course if you wanted to watch a movie during dinner, by the time you are done all this, DINNER is cold. and then there is the PHILLIPINE factor, where you can only half understand the tech guy, who can only half understand you, but he says he speaks engrish, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm placing you on hold, I'm sorry, oh you want FIRE TV, I'm sorry I only do kindle fire, right house, wrong FIRE!! I suggested the Fire Dept. and he said I'm sorry, good idea! (I'm not kidding), as I told him the FIRE was on TV. OMG, this is crazy!! did I not dial 1 for englich, or is that 2?? anyway, I called back and got FIRE TV, cleared cache, reset, restarted, redid, and should have rebuilt, and evidently there is a problem, as they wanted  the unit for developer review. in the meantime, as this was my Father's Day gift, the leadership team member, over knighted me a new unit, and I was to send this one back for study! the new unit arrived today, so I started it up, when I got home tonight after a graduation party. Hmmmm, tried Netflix, and get all sorts of errors, can't find Netflix, restart Netflix, then the WHITE screen of DEATH, and Fire is locked up. unplug unit, plug in, call AMAZON FIRE DEPT. and the nice young lady starts with, unplug unit, hold, plug in unit, go to setting, apps, and clear caches for amazon prime, and Netflix, try again, same thing, restart Netflix, oh well, how about a total system reset, did that too, still no Netflix, she goes to check on her Fire TV, it's working, I say nothing, pull my ALLEGEDLY BRAND NEW unit, put back the old one, and don't you know it, as they are telling me it must be a Netflix issue, it sure as hell works now on my old fire box!! WTF?? DUH, uh oh, no do do, AMAZON lied to me, telling me they were overnighting me a new unit, and this is a replacement Piece of Defication, as it was blister packed to a hunk of cardboard, and certainly did not look like a new unit! so, I got screwed out of my fathers day gift, as the next one will not come until Tuesday, and ups will be here on Monday to pick up all the bad units!! YES, AMAZON SUCKS around my house right now, and as this was bought by my son, as his first AMAZON Purchase, being lied to, and screwed over has left a very bad taste in a young customer's mouth, and AMAZON has left a lasting impression on him of how big business works, and how they lie!!! guess we will see how FIRE BOX 3 works out! I almost can't wait!!
I bought amazon firetv as a ludite, knowing nothing about built in to modern TV's copy protection HDCP. I have a many thousands of dollar old Sony Plasma screen and will not part with it willingly. Amazon should explicitly highlight that all tv's bought before the current content protection scheme was built in (HDCP) are incompatible with Amazon fire TV. There are many, many million of these.  My experience: I  tried  to install firetv unsuccessfully, called the fire TV help, who gave a list of suggestions which did not work, including replacing the firetv and all cables, which I did. No one mentioned HDCP, which I had never heard of.I finally found from the web  that amazon flash had a similar problem, and emailed firetv help to enquire whether firetv had the same problem. The first person did not know, and said I would receive an answer. After a day I asked again, and the answer was that yes indeed, HDCP prevents the box from booting on a non-HDCP tv. I am returning all purchased items.
I bought this mainly to watch MLB.  It works great but no MLB.  Good grief, we get MLB on our phones and our Kindle.  Amazon says it will be available &#34;soon&#34;.  When is &#34;soon?&#34;  I shall be returning Fire &#34;soon&#34; if I don't get a better answer.
this product is new to the market I have tried it sucks please save your money and get something else my nefllix will not play on it, just save your money im returning mine back to amazon and im getting my money back.
Love Prime video even at the new $99.  But there is no way I'm spending another $99 on a box that will not search for videos I've already paid Amazon for.  There is no doubt the Prime TV is is a tech winner and well worth the money, but to sell out your customers to sell a few rental is over the top.  They need to fire whoever made that decision.  Thanks to all you guys that kept me from wasting $99 !!
It works pretty well, but I have lots of apps and its harder to find their content than on my other streaming devices that don't always try to default to prime's content.  I wish I had bought another of what I had already.
will only work on a hdmi tv fix that and it may be alright all I could find was rental movies or the ones I wanted to watch were rentals I stick with Netflix for now thanks didn't like fire tv much
(yes, you read that correctly - the actual name of the device is KFTV aka Kindle Fire TV; &#34;Amazon Fire TV&#34; is more of a branding/marketing thing)Amazon App Store won't let me install kindle reader - &#34;not compatible&#34;I sideloaded a copy of kindle reader, gotten from Google Play Store. it runs, it knows my identity because of the underlying Amazon Framework already existing on FireTV, it is able to log me in. the one thing it does not do is show *any* of my books. one thing that did work, was the Feedback button. yes, I used kindle reader, running on my firetv, to politely ask Amazon via the Feedback button, why my Kindle Fire TV could not read Kindle books. apparently the feedback button works, Amazon replied to me via email less than a couple hours later! (I did not include my email or name in my feedback, so obviously the kindle app IS correctly logged in etc. since Amazon had no problem sending it to my unique amazon login email)maybe a lot of people don't want to read ebooks on their tv. but for people with disabilities, it would be wonderful.in all other ways, this is an excellent device and I would normally give it 4 or probably even 5 stars. all I ever really wanted was an android console that had a REAL app for Prime TV - up until now I have been using OUYA with web browser and a rapidly-becoming-outdate/EOL Adobe Flash plugin. firetv is a MUCH better experience for amazon instant video!!!
I am concerned with the asap feature that learns what you like. I have limited bandwidth so just concerned if this is constantly pulling new movies or tv shows up my internet would get sapped in like 10 days. My question is can this be turned off?Update: found my answer through an article on mashable thanks to them I won't be buying into a mistake. For others needing this answer the asap feature can not be turned off making this device a 1 after all no need to edit or delete it. Note to amazon those of us on limited bandwidth can use these apps still but we need a way to monitor the asap feature so our limit isn't used up too fast.
Great idea but just not good enough in my opinion. First off, the HDMI audio works intermittently. Wiggling the wire fixed audio but then it would go out. Yes, I made sure it was all the way in, at first it wasn't which was my first initial frustration since it actually was a pain just to get the HDMI to seat properly, not sure why but it takes effort to get it to seat. So, first advice, make sure it seats all the way or you won't get audio.After that, I was unable to play a single show even though my ROKU works in the same location. I am returning this because it just isn't going to work in our house.
No mlb tv which really burns my cookies because bestbuy said it was on there. The free content on prime is hard to find. Anything that you would want to watch you have to pay for which defeats the purpose of cutting the cable. When it's all said and done you would pay more. I returned after a week and only turned it on twice. Once because I was excited to play with it and the other to give it a second chance.
this product is for someone who doesn't have an xbox or ps3..or vizo tvs with hulu netflix and prime built in...i feel like i wasted 100 bucks... o well better luck next time.. Its a nice product but its a lil late to the market...wait for a price drop to 50 bucks...
Yet ANOTHER box, yet another remote that ONLY works with the Fire.  No DLNA, no Vudu.  There is no need for a quad core processor other than using it as marketing propaganda.  If you have Roku, Apple TV, Chromecast, Xbox, PS3 you have no need for this product.  Roku for $49 is a better deal.
BUY APPLE TV
I can not believe you guys do NOT have the WWE network on this fire tv.. I will not buy it until you add WWE network
This was my second unit.  My first unit works perfectly so I ordered another one.  I was concerned about the RF remotes conflicting with one another, but that wasn't a problem.  Seems each remote only works with the unit it registers too, so that's great if you have more than one unit.  My problem is Amazon Fire TV doesn't work with all Flatscreen TVs.  I have a cheaper model of TV in a guest Bedroom that will not work with this unit.  It has two HDMI connections but I think the Amazon Fire TV Unit will work with newer, full HD TVs, because my two 720p flatscreens in my guest rooms will not display any video feed from the unit.  I gave it a One Star Rating because it should work with all Flatscreen Panel TVs.  Google Chrome worked with these TVs so I'm not sure why the Amazon Fire TV unit failed.  I used it on my Samsung, Hatachi and Vizeo TVs with no problem, but the off-brand TVs was no-joy.  I had to return it because this is the room I need to use it in and it's not worth replacing the TV as I can buy a Smart TV for the same money as anoother TV AND the cost of the Amazon Fire TV unit.  Google Chrome was too much trouble because it has no remote and my Guests would have to program their Smartphones to get it to work.  Not a good idea.  Google Chrome should offer an optional remote.  I'll just keep using my Wii Console for now to get Netflix, etc.
I bought this for watching my movies that I have. It lost points when I tried to get Ebru tv on it and had to pay to order it. They lied to me about my Roku that DishWorld is on. I got Bloomberg TV. I quickly sold it so that I can get DishWorld for $14.95 a month and be able to watch Netflix, WWE Network, Hulu Plus, EbruTV, TBN, Watch ESPN, English Sports, Manga, and many more. Will I recomend this to people the answer is NO. I would tell them to order DishWorld because they get a Roku LT and can order the channels they want.
Whether it is your person digital video collection, vacation video's, wedding video, or your child's Birthday video, The Fire TV will not let you view them on your TV.  So much for a single point to view all your content.  This is a huge flaw with the amazon fire TV.  The Xbox 360 and the Roku 3 both do this (within limited formats).  I fully expected Amazon's next version of Chromecast to do a lot in this area.  I believe is Amazon is not going to add any functionality that will not put coin in their pocket every time you use it.  I would recommend holding off buying a Fire TV until they support local video.
I have now spent 45 minutes with tech support only to be told that it cannot connect to amazon's server because there are too many people trying to do the same thing. Thus rendering my device unusable. I'm super disappointed :(.
I am hearing so many great things about &#34;Fire&#34; however I feel that the paid subscription to Prime deserves to be respected just a bit. I understand Amazon is a for profit business and I truly am in support of that but they are built on a foundation of convenience and this concept of mixing the free and for pay products together without a &#34;convenient&#34; way of identifying goes against the basic reason of there success. Please Amazon I employ you to rethink this and make this product as friendly as it should be. It certainly is possible to do, and can be converted into this format I would think very easily. I promise we will find plenty of your movies and games  to buy or rent. Just keep being user friendly and your customers will reciprocate in a positive way.
I'm sure this device will be fantastic in the future but it will always be 2nd best as long as Apple TV has HBOgo.
I really wanted to like the Amazon Fire TV, but without BlazeTV, I'll be sticking with my Roku.  So the question is, when are you adding the Blaze?
Roku2 has HBOgo and the best part is you can connect headphones to the remote control. A feature that Amazon Fire doesn't. My husband loves to watch TV in our bedroom till late hours and I just love that he can just plug in his headphones and I can sleep in peace. A total marriage saver!!!!
I was excited to try the voice search as soon as I got my fire tv connected.  I was severely disappointed to learn that it only shows results for things found on Amazon, and that it DOES NOT show me content found on Netflix and Hulu, both of which I pay a montly subscription for.  Fire TV instead only shows me what's available for purchase through Amazon.  Amazon Prime does not carry most of the shows I watch (at least not included in membership---you have to pay extra), and I feel almost cheated and mislead.  I can still watch Netflix and Hulu shows, but I have to go through the cumbersome search using the one-letter-at-a-time-on-an-8-button-remote.  And since there's no app available for my smart phone, I don't have the option of a keyboard to make searching quicker and easier like I do with Roku.  There's a very good chance I will be returning this.
This thing looks like the last crap i took. Can't touch Roku in anyway what so ever. Save your money morons.
Great idea but most movies do not have sound.  Tech support speaks poor English and no resolution.  Good luck trying to get it replaced.
I have DSL at my residence but for whatever reason  could not get it to work. Always got message that the movie could not be seen at this time.
Loads more then the movie lasts. I have it right next to my Roku, to compare. I can watch two movies on Roku before I'm capable to watching one on Amazon. Too frustrating.
No DLNA support, and the only way to turn it off is to unplug it. Regardless of anything else it can do, as far as I'm concerned these are fatal flaws.
Don't.  Given the nickel and diming nature of Prime and the fact that other similar devices (roku) allow you to easily access real free content (HGTV, Cartoon network, nat geo to name a few) why would I want to pay prime or jump through flaming hoops like a trained poodle?  I do understand that there are work arounds BUT using it as intended it would cost me more to access the current content that I have access using this device then it would to have time warner come and reinstall cable.  Install was easy, product support is terrible.
I have an 802n wireless router and have no problems with smart tv or 3 wii's which this was replacing one of, but this fire tv lags alot. Netflix buffers so it's not as bad. I'm very disappointed in this item because I have amazon prime and no access to it besides pc's. If hardwiring this item, then it is great.
I set it up fairly easily, but found out the content I wanted was not available--most importantly to me, the PBS programing.  When I contacted Amazon Fire number about when/if the content would be available including issues with HBO (it was not available at the time although it had been announced it was) I was told they didn't have that information.  An email was sent instead, telling me to call the Fire number. I called again--I bought it early, and they just weren't ready.  So maybe it is better now--but I returned it and bought a ROKU Plus instead.
Maybe we got a dud or maybe it didn't work or perhaps we didn't have it installed correctly - it didn't work!  We sent it back and received 98% of the money back.
Not buying prime TV until they make it easier to find the free shows and movies.  I already have Amazon Prime on my kindle Fire and I agree with the reviews that I just read that sometimes you just want to search for what is available.  If I am interested in an item,I will be happy to pay for it.  However, many nights I am just looking for something to watch and not interested in anything special.
The first Amazon Fire TV I purchased worked for about a week.  Its deterioration was incremental until finally it didn't respond to button presses at all.  I sent it back, as requested, and was sent a replacement.  This one worked well for almost a month.  Yesterday it started giving me an error message whenever I tried to stream a video.  It gave me a message that I needed to contact customer support.  Now I can no longer watch videos at all.  I emailed customer support, and they responded with an email full of rainbows and unicorns.  The upshot was that tech support will work to resolve my problem and get back to me.  If I've received two problematic units, there's no way that this can't be happening on a large scale.  Buyer beware!
This item does not work with the hotspot on my cell phone.
Tried calling, and they couldn't help. Took the issue away for 'research'. Haven't heard back yet.Tried the chat, and they wanted my credit card info to process a replacement, even though they were chatting with me on the Amazon account. Pass. Roku 3 is still sitting in the entertainment center next to the now Amazon bricked Fire TV. Pull out network cable and HDMI from one, stick it in the other. Done and Done.
I just got the unit yesterday and my first impression is not great. There is potential but it needs more work.The search would be great if it would search more than just Amazon. The plex app doesn't work well, because the device cant play many formats so everything has to be transcoded and then you also lose the surround sound features of the videos.Do not get if your main reason is to watch local content. It is mainly geared towards Amazon videos, they talked about wanting to be an open platform vs others (apple) but they try to force you in every way possible to buy Amazon video.The only good thing I kind of enjoyed was having some games on it.I am going to give it another week to try and convince me, but I think it will probably be going back.I was really hoping this was the device to work for my household.
Bought this to replace my Roku 3.  After several months, I went back.  Whether using Netflix, Youtube, or Amazon to stream content, the video randomly stutters.  The movies I've rented from Amazon to watch were refunded automatically by Amazon as they detected the content was poorly streamed.Same apps run on my Roku without issue despite the Roku being less powerful.
I wish I could give it a negative star!Right out of the box this unit had trouble.  The opening set-up blinked on and off and made it nearly impossible to enter our password for our home wi-fi.  Had to call Tech Support and they couldn't solve it after factory resetting it.  Amazon was supposed to send me another unit to try and I was supposed to get it Tuesday, 4-29-14, but it did not arrive.  Very upset with this experience though Mary in tech support really tried to help us and was very professional.
Plex was a launch title . And I bought it just for that. The app is an old version and only 2.0 stereo.  Very misleading . And over 2 months no fix. Voice search doesn't work with other apps. And the fire tv crashes alot and requires reboots. I got a roku 3 instead . No issues so far .
We have difficulty getting the fire to work correctly. It often wont stream netflix but if we stream netflix on our laptop or ipad we don't have any problems. Also, since we got the fire our home network has been acting up. I don't know how it would be related but nothing else has changed.  We were successfully able to watch one show with the fire.  I unplugged it today and have no intention of using it again.  I am very disappointed and wish I never purchased this.  It was a waste of money
During Amazons CEO's presentation yesterday it was shown (Screen shot) that MLB.TV was available for the Fire TV (In fact if you Google Fire TV MLB TV you will see that every website says that it is available) In fact It is NOT available for the Fire TV. After contacting Amazon Customer Service I was told that it was &#34;Not Available&#34;Really disappointing and is going back in the box and to UPS. I wonder how many other channels/apps are also not available...
since we pay every year and now that the cost is increasing you would think the price would be lower if not free with your amazon prime membership. giving it to us would also get all of us to replace apple tv or chromecast with amazon fire as it is the only device to get us amazon streaming for the movies. a win win for everyone.It would be a great way to get more people to sign up, and we all know every new membership is more profit for them. come on amazon do the right thing.
Received this as a gift. Wanted to like it...but lame search functions and I miss all of my Apple apps and iTunes functionality. Sent it back and got Apple TV instead.  More refined, and with an upgrade coming later this year...I'll be a happy camper!
Although it is setup is quite simple the content leaves much to desire. Unless you subscribe to Amazon Prime, Netflix etc. Your options are almost none. You can get the smear type or access/options from Google's Chromecast at a much lesser price.
Fire TV is easy to set up and use. The problem is with the selection. I purchased Fire TV with the hopes that my family could save money by not renting or buying movies or TV shows on demand or at the video store . I was very disappointed to discover that most of the shows they wanted to watch were only available on-demand and the price was higher than if we just bought them at the video store. For my kids, there were only 2 episodes of Drake and Josh, 1 or 2 seasons of Spongebob, Breaking Bad was more expensive than buying it through our cable provider....Sure there are tons of movies, but most of them have been out for years, how many times can you watch The Silence of the Lambs? Sorry, One word to describe Fire TV - Underwhelming.
- I'm not going to repurchase apps and games with amazon just so I can try to play them on my TV.- App store is limited.- Amazon refuses to release an instant video app for Android, so I am refusing to keep this device.- Old version of Android on the FireTV.- had better playback with a wireless chromecast than a wired FireTV box. (This shouldn't happen).- Voice search was clunky and didn't work the best, no real search features for anything else other than paid Amazon Content.- Can only cast with the amazon tablets.- No clear method to see pricing unless you click on an individual title.- had to pull the plug and cycle the power several times when using because it would show a &#34;Can't play video&#34; error.- Didn't include an HDMI cable.  Really?!- No Google Play Music, Google Search, Google Play Store, Google Maps, Google Earth, Real Google Youtube App, Google Play Games, Google Hangouts, Google Movies & TV, etc.
It's not worth money.  I ENJOYED FOR A FEW WEEKS.NOW YOU CAN NOT WATCH A PROGRAM.IT FLICKERS EVERY FEW SECONDS.STOPPED TRYING TO VIEW ANYTHING.NOT WORTH THE COST OR TIMEREDHEAD
tried several times to set up per instructions with no success. contacted amazon, tried everything again, still no connection. it was &#34;suggested&#34; that my wireless was at fault, but there are two laptops and a printer that work fine on the system.
Let me start by saying I got this as a gift.  I have used all the streaming players you can imagine, and this one is the worst.  The hardware is great and it is fast, but save yourself some money and get a Roku, any Roku is better.  Amazon like Apple want to sell content first not hardware, the hardware exist to sell more content, so they are each biased and that makes sense.  Roku doesn't sell content they have no bias to amazon, netflix or anyone one else for that matter so they don't promote anyone's content above any other and all the content suppliers make apps for the Roku.  I love Plex and use it all the time in fact I would argue that plex is the only thing on my Fire TV that I do use it for, but it cost me a dollar to buy the plex app.  No big deal it is only a dollar, but guess what it is free on the Roku.  The apps look terrible, using Netflix is like a flashback to two years ago or if you use netflix on the Wii, yeah it is that bad.  They look like old versions of the android apps that have been ported and up sized for TVs.  If all you want is Amazon content then this may be the box for you, but I still say buy a Roku you can get all the Amazon content plus use great apps like youtube and HBO GO that are not on the Fire TV.  How is that possible to be so late to the streaming hardware business and launch a player that lacks those apps?  If you have never used a set top streamer like a Roku, Apple TV, or any of the others you will likely be impressed, but if you have a Roku and love it do yourself a favor and buy a Roku streaming stick for 50 bucks or buy two for the same price as a Fire TV.  If this hardware ran Roku's software I would have three of them, but this lame Fire OS stinks and if you don't believe me go look at Apple's app store and the Google Play store.
Poor stream quality.  Sending it back.  I've used apple TV with no issues so this is very disappointing.  I can't say one nice thing about this device.
We purchased this product hoping to lower our provider bill.  However, one thing they do not tell you is that there are only certain providers that work with Fire TV.  DirecTV is not one of them. I believe Amazon should list the providers supported. I emailed Amazon and received a quick reply that Amason FireTV and DirecTV are not compatible. Therefore certain apps don't work, i.e., ESPN. Returned the product.
What a disappointment. USer interface: great. Ease of use: great. Ability to watch free content on the web-- AWFUL. Very few free shows or movies to watch. Unable to access content on web from streaming sites that don't charge. THe voice commands might be better uited to : come take my money. This has so much potential to break the stranglehold that cable TV has. User interface & ease of use puts Google Chromecast to shame- but Chromecast allows you to watch whatever you want. Fee based or not. THe way this thing works-- Amazon should give these away for free. Can't believe I spent $100 for a devie that is constantly trying to take money from me..Apple-- where are you? Someone PLEASE break the cable monopoly!
As a huge Amazon fan I was happy to get this as a gift and wanted to love it but.........No Vudu, No HBO Go, No Cinema Now, No way to search Amazon Prime Videos.........No THANKS!
I bought the device to watch Amazon Prime. I was earlier watching it on Roku2 and/or my iPad using instant video app.The device was delivered within 1 business day on time. It was easy to setup, ready to watch my prime subscription videos in few minutes. I finished numbers season 1 and was into the final few episodes of season 2. The device audio stopped for &#34;amazon prime&#34; only. The netflix app on the kindle fire worked fine. Audio was great even with Dolby Digital plus setting.Called support and they tried to pin on Dolby Digital plus support on my TV/Receiver. I checked and rechecked. Both of them are Dolby Digital Plus compatible. Then they tried to blame on HDMI cable which is also from Amazon.  I asked them the following questions:1) Why did it worked in the first place for two seasons ?2) Why does Netflix app works on Amazon Fire TV and not &#34;Amazon Prime&#34; itself ?We switched off the dolby digital plus and even then there were problems with the audio for everything on Amazon Prime. Netflix still worked awesome.Earlier during the week, To isolate the issue, I disconnected the device from receiver, connected it directly to the TV.I presume the first few units are faulty. They offered to replace but I am waiting from support before I take the next step.Note that I have Apple TV 3, Roku 2 and other streaming enabled from XBOX.
I'm so disappointed in this product......and that's being nice.  Our family is a HUGE fan of Amazon and we own several kindles and we've been a prime member for years.  Since the day we opened the box (we got this for my husband for Father's day) we haven't been able to watch much of anything without it buffering more than not.  We know this is not our internet connection as we're able to stream on all other devices with no issues.  I expected so much more and when I went to read the almost 600 other one star reviews I realized we were so not alone!!!!  I'm at a loss as to how Amazon could sell such a faulty product.
Not worth the money and I'm stuck with it, i guess This so-called streaming device is constantly buffering. It takes 3.5 hours or . more to watch an 1.5 hr movie. This device needs a lot of improvement, the hoopala is all bogus.  My Roku is a much, MUCH better choice. I guess it's time to go on Facebook.AmaS Szon Fire TVUPDATE 05 16 2014I purchased this product, I think, before the update and wasn't aware of it before I sent that derogatory review. The update sold me on this exceptional product. It's faster than Roku, not much, and the graphics are exceptional. I'm keeping both devices as the Roku has more services/offers. I recommend both, they're nip n' tuck. I intend to reduce my dependence on Comcast.
I already wrote one review about the system.  Eventually I did get Netflix after removing/reinstalling it 3 times to come up and work.  In the end Roku, Netflix, YouTube are on the device.  You can use the voice  command in a app to find a movie or actor.  You cannot go between apps using the voice you have to go home and to the device.  Would have been nice to switch between apps using voice command.The second screen.  I was looking forward to being able to remotely view this on a tablet.  NOPE.  It has to be a supported device which is only a Samsung TV or a Kindle.  Not alot of options there...  basically that functionality is useless.Another nuance of this device which you can get on other streaming devices is the ability to search the internet.  This does not allow that functionality.  You have the apps they support and that's it.So bottom line you have a ROKU or for that matter a wii works as well for the same amount as this but this has the voice search which is nice.  That's all that makes these two devices different.  I have to say I'm disappointed.  THis could have been a really cool device if it added voice to switching between apps, allowed you to use voice to enter username/pwd, turn on/off.  Second if the second screen support worked on any android or PC for remote viewing.
I do not recommend purchasing this device. It is very limited in terms of app selection, there are a lot of firmware problems, and the devices ability to connect to wifi seems very limited.I was disappointed to find that many of the tv apps that I  currently pay for and enjoy on other devices are not available on fire tv. HBO Go and Crunchyroll are two that I am sorry not to see available. Not that it matters, the device claims that I have a &#34;slow internet connection&#34;. I have tested my internet connection, and found that I have over 2mbps in that area. All of my other devices are working fine, but even when they are disconnected from the internet, fire tv is still not making an acceptable connection over wifi. I can only conclude that there is a problem with the device's ability to connect to the internet via wifi.In addition, I have come across several instances where I had to re-download an app because the data was &#34;corrupted&#34;. This may be a result of the device's inability to appropriately connect to the internet via wifi, but it is a problem that I have never seen in other android based operating systems.And along the lines of the operating system, I find it ethically questionable (at best) that amazon would consider it ok to resell android apps through their own store. No other android os device (with the exception of amazon's kindles) does this, but now I have to pay again for any games that I may want to play on fire tv.Overall, I am very disappointed with this device. Even at $100 the device is not worth the frustration it causes.
I'll visit his device built around Amazon and several other services but if you're looking for a Plex client this is definitely not the right one you're better off with an Apple TV and Plex connectNative formats are lacking, speak search is very limited.
I love every single aspect of this product and would've given it 5 stars save for a huge flaw. I buy all my music from Amazon MP3 and have yet to find a way to access my cloud. This is an Amazon service not offered on an Amazon device..... I am at a loss of words trying to describe how illogical that sounds. Please fix this soon... I love my music and would like a chance to listen to it on my TV and even purchase more songs.... AppleTV has iTunes.... help me out here Amazon...
I've had the Fire TV for a little over a month now and it's actually a great device but I can't understand why I can't access my Amazon MP3 collection from it.  This is an Android based device, there's and Android app for Amazon MP3, it can't be that hard.  Pandora works and sounds great but I want to listen to my own music.
Lmao amazon in my opinion is one of the best sites to shop from, however when they mess up they royally mess up. This amazon fire tv situation is one of the worst customer service dealings I have ever had with amazon and I have been dealing with them for at least 10+ years. I returned the device, recieved an email stating that I was getting a refund back and the reason was CUSTOMER RETURN! Which says to me that amazon knows the device has been returned. So I go about my weekend. On Monday I was charged $99 for the device which is no longer in my possesion and the customer service rep by the name of ashley is acting like this is my FAULT. First rule of business dealig with the public, the customer is always right. In the future I will think twice about patronizing amazons services, my money is precious to me I work hard for it so therefore I will be very selective on where it gets spent!
CAUTION!!!!  Do not buy this product if you want to play your own movies or pictures now or ever in the future.  It does not support this function.  I don't hold it against Amazon for not wanting to let us play our own movies because they make their money from us using their box to generate recurring and purchase revenue.But come on guys!!  If every other box like this plays recorded digital content and yours DOES NOT!!!  Have the decency to put that in the description in big letters...  It's like advertising a car that doesn't have tires.... for people that like to look at their car, but not drive it.I spend 50% of my time watching downloaded movies and the other half watching Amazon and Netflix.  Obviously, this device was never intended for this type of customer.On the positive side, for those of you who have no intention of ever playing a recorded movie (including your children's birthday parties or put up a picture collage), the quality of this product exceeds even Apple's standards.  The design people must be from the future because the designing and machining are the best I've ever seen--on the outside and the inside.If I only wanted a box for streaming media from the internet, I wouldn't hesitate to give this 5 stars..But I gave it 1 because I think someone, somewhere, neglected to add the disclaimer on purpose.
Incridably disappointed of this deviceSome of the apps don't work with my tv providerThere is no hbo goThe voice commander is a jock.. Just working with Amazon stuff .. You can't use to search in any other app even YouTubeI hates that it surprisingly show some of my history clips and things that I checked out on my laptop in especially amazon n YouTube.. TV set is for group watching normally n this was embarrassing and danger privacyIt also easy to any one buy or rent shows on my credit card that saved in amazon accountAlso the quality of some videos' is not satisfactory at all, for example the games and life broadcast with watch esbn
It installed properly, but I cannot stream ANYTHING. I get an error message. I suppose my att DSL is too slow.
I've Never Been So disappointed with an Amazon Product As I am with the Amazon Fire TV.  I downloaded the Netflix App to watch Braveheart. After 20 times of buffering, I decided this is completely useless to have. I am going to return it because I wanted to test it before I gave it to my elderly mother. She has even less bandwidth than I have so it is basically useless to her. I've never been so disappointed with an amazon product. STAY AWAY!
Once again I order something from Amazon and it doesn't work right out of the box. Unable to download any movies from my Amazon Prime account or Netflix; the only thing that works on it is the crappy solitaire game. The help desk is in another country and the rep was barely able to speak English, the &#34;help&#34; he gave me was reading from some document that was completely wrong so I had to figure out how to factory reset it myself and then it still doesn't work. I used to love Amazon but after going through 3 Kindles in less than a year and now this doesn't work right out of the box I'm going to cancel my Prime Account. Returning this piece of junk and getting a Samsung Blu Ray player that will do the same but better!
The voice feature only seems to work with Amazon related products. If you don't use Amazon Prime, get ready to spend lots of money.It is easy to install, and the voice to text feature does seem to work well, but it will only search Amazon movies, which I rarely use because the prime listings seem so limited, compared to Roku.I am very disappointed with this product.Don't buy it, wait till they make a better one.
Wanna watch NYPD Blue? Law and Order? Game of thrones? Your out of luck. Nothing in Amazons library is less than 2 years old.
The Blaze TV is inexplicably not included but it is included on Roku. Also the comparison with Roku is very interesting as it only applies to the subset of channels considered to be "Games" (this miss-lead me a bit at first but I have been corrected). I've had Roku since it first came out due to its superior WiFi connectivity. It beat out Apple TV and BeeBox which were the the big 3 back then. My Roku 3 has well over 350 channels but I do not know how many are games since step 1 on installing a new Roku is to delete Angry Birds to free up DASD. I am a big fan of Amazon and their Kindle products too so I am very disappointed that they feel they must mislead us in this subtle way. But, no big deal. It actually could be an attractive product for TVs in our house other than our main TV (we stream much more TV than broadcast TV). Except I feel miss-lead plus The Blaze is missing. Why would this popular channel be missing? PS. Google Chromecast is a great alternative we use on our other TVs. It will play whatever you can play in a Chrome browser, like The Blaze TV, on any modern HDMI TV. I got one free to test and I was surprised that I liked it so much. There are little drops and freezes and quirks here and there but no more than regular cable or our Directv really. So we like Roku on our main TV ($100). Then, at $35 plus a laptop, iPad, iPhone or Android device, Chromecast on the other TVs. I hope this helps...
This does not work as stated.  There is no help number to call to get help with it.  It's like they send it to you and then you're on your own.  We should have purchased through Best Buy the we would have had technical help.  We WILL be sending it back.  If there was a way I could give it ZERO stars I would have.
I bought this to replace a three year old ROKU. Bad mistake the Fire sets up easy however that is the end of it the streaming speed is 4 min of entertainment 5 min of stream. We have 5 Kindles and love them, but Amazon needs to take this back to the drawing board. Glad I kept my old ROKU it is doing well!!!!
Apparently I'm supposed to have 3 remote controls, because this has no way to adjust the volume of my receiver or control my TV.Also, if you have amazon prime but shared FROM another family member's account? Too bad for you. Only account that bought the prime membership can stream free prime movies.That sounds fair to me but I was unaware of this when I bought the Fire TV, with Prime shipping, and found out I SHOULD have bought it on my spouses' account instead.Just a huge pain in the ass.
Even though I stream on my old Xbox 360, I got this so my wife could access steaming easier.  Unfortunately, it was D.O.A.  When a company sends me a product, they've got one chance to impress me, and Amazon didn't. Virtually no help or troubleshooting online. And no, I wasn't about to see who Amazon might have contracted to manage their &#34;help&#34; phone lines. It's just like AFTV is a beta issue and Amazon wants their guinea pig customers to help them figure out the bugs. So, anyway Amazon issued a UPS pick up order that went without a hitch. After UPS ground took about six days to return the AFTV to Amazon, Amazon then took seven days, (after their warehouse rec'd their product), to refund my bank card. Amazon could learn a lesson from Walmart on refunds, my last one from Walmart took two days. Oh, and after the fact, I learn that the &#34;highly touted&#34; Voice Search only works on searching Amazon Prime. Boy howdy, Amazon - guessing you just decided to really tick off a large part of your consumer base with this one. If I could I'd give it a Big Old Zero !  Doesn't deserve the one star...
I purchased the Fire TV in order to watch MLB.TV, which Amazon advertised as being available.  Guess what?  Not available!!!!  *CURSES*
I had the chance to use one of these boxes earlier today.  Frankly, as someone who already has a Roku 3 and chromecast, I couldn't see anything to justify the $100 price tag.  The Roku blows the Fire out of the water in terms of channel selection, and even though on paper the Fire has better specs, the Roku felt faster and more polished.  I really wanted to like the Fire, but in the end, the Roku just has this thing outclasses.
Choose to search for program , only choices listed are those you can purchase not programs you already paid for ie netflix
The voice recognition feature is good and works well but I do not like the way the scrolling action works.As one scrolls through programs the &#34;highlighted&#34; item is enlarged and this, I find, creates nausea similar to motion sickness, particularly on a large screen TV.With my ROKU the programs remain the same size and the highlighter scrolls across, which I find is easier on the eye.So the Amazon Fire goes in the drawer with all my other hardware disappointments.
Doesn't really offer anything we don't already have with our ROKU box, therefore we found it to be redunant and returned it.
I would gladly pay double the price if it had 4k and HDMI 2.0 support, also that would actually make this a step ahead of any of the competing boxes. Netflix has previously announced plans for 4k in 2014 and there has been talk of a H.265 codec to allow quality streaming of 4k.  This box supports none of these upcoming features.  The price of 4k TVs has significantly come down over the last few months, don't waste your money on a product like this if you have plans to replace your TV in the next year as you will end up having to buy something else to replace it pretty soon.
Paid more for TV repair men then I did for this stuipid thing; buy a ROKU. it doesnet talk back to you like this thing does but it WORKS 100% of the time.  Stay away from this junk.
You can get a chromecast, which is far better, for only 40 bucks! It's small and doesnt take up any counter-space either!
I received my Fire TV yesterday . I spent three hours trying to connect it to my home WIFI network to no avail . I called Amazon Fire TV Tech Support but they could not help me . I do not understand how such a new product cannot connect to a simple home WIFI network . At the same time when I was trying to connect the Fire TV to my Wifi Network, I had an Ipad Min, a Nexus 7 , a Nexus 5, an Ipod Touch 5, a Samsung Galaxy Player 5.0 , a Google TV box and a Wii connected to my home Wifi Network . I turned off all my gadgets and tried to connect the Fire TV and it did not work . I deleted my WIFI passwork from my Nexus 5, Nexus 7 and google TV and reintered them and they connected immediately .I am going to return this Fire TV today . I have not even decided if I want to replace it becuase I was so disappointed . Has anyone else experienced this problem ?
Well it knocked out my big screen after it down loaded all of its so-called updates. Now I have no tv. It's very clear this was thrown out there without making sure this was a quality product. Now I have to have a repair company come out and hopefully fit my screen, if they can't maybe some legal issues might have to be looked into or might go public with it. Ya I missed off!!
I disappointed with this purchase and would be returning tomorrow. Don't waste your money ! More capable devices are in market both in terms of technology and content
First, it forces you to watch a demo. While trying to exit the demo, my network settings were erased and I had to set it up again then  watch the video again. Roku is much easier and allot more stable, I may box this back up and return the Roku.
This is yet another boring streaming device that offers almost nothing new.Pros:Since web prime content requires Silverlight or Flash and it doesn't work with Flash in Chrome, Kindle devices are one of the only ways to access prime content.Cons:-Search feature only works with Amazon content!-Can't enter text via voice, only search terms, and only if you are searching Amazon's library. This is extremely annoying since you have to enter all text and search terms by selecting one letter at a time.-Prime video has no Chromecast support and no Android support. Kindle devices like this are the reason why.-Tries hard to shoehorn you in to buying from Amazon.-There actually isn't Youtube support, or I couldn't find it.-Boring and poorly designed UI.
All the one star reviews told me what I already know. if you never had a Roku, version 2 or 3, you have no basis for giving a review of the Fire. If the reports are true, no HBO Go, that is only the tip of the negativity that will spread about this device.Amazon made only one mistake, they rushed this device to market.  the hype they gave it on Bloomberg Radio was all about the hardware, and how powerful it is, also the voice control. That hype on Bloomberg felt like someone bragging about something that they know nothing about.  It's not about the hardware as much as it is about the content, and function.  Roku 3 is top dog in this the STB (set top Box) market for a few simple reasons. One is that it works really well. The next is about the free content versus the paid content, there is a nice balance between them. the third is about services supported, in Roku's case, it's all of them. The next is about open source, you can go to the internet and look for new channels, and have them sent to your Roku. Granted, most are using this to put porn channels on their Roku, but there is so much more.The whole point of this is that there is so much more to Roku than hardware, and Amazon completely missed that angle in putting a product together to compete without taking a serious look at what is so special about the competition. A boxer will study recordings of their opponent to get ready to beat them. Amazon should have enlisted a few users of each of the devices, and got input from them all. One example would be to get a Roku 3, give it to a guy, an pay him to do the most he can with it, giving him a small budget for paid apps, and instructing him to go to the internet and find all that is available for his Roku.Many people turned their cable off, and went to a STB for 100% of their entertainment. They did that to save money, so that puts the emphasis  on the free side of the content, versus what they will pay for.  My DirecTV bill is way high, and if I cut it to a on forth of what it is, and could still get 90% of what I watch, I might switch to Roku and stream it. The DVR function will be the only other thing that would get in the way of the decision. It is true that if I could pull it all from On Demand services, I would be able to get past the reliance on DVR function.  The simple fact is that I can't find everything on demand, and some of it is delayed. That is all that stands in my way, and it is a lot.
I bought this thinking that I would have access to the 40,000+ shows in the description or whatever number. I will say this...if you have an xbox 360 DO NOT BUY because it is essentially the same thing if you already have netflix and prime (which are the predominant things I use).Selection:You really dont have as much selection as you think. The way it was marketed to me was that it would replace cable but I really dont see that. Honestly 95% of the time I revert to netflix while on this thing because Crackle (which has ads during your videos btw) and the other stations DO NOT provide much variety and Amazon Prime is very limited to what it has. Half the shows and movies I have never heard of. Most popular shows are ones you have to pay for which is a rip off.User interface and prime members &#34;benefits&#34;:Ill give it some credibility for its speed, it is really fast at loading what you need and moving around and the remote is spot on accurate to what you say, even adapting to how you speak which is nice. HOWEVER, when you search for shows it DOES NOT automatically tell you whats available on prime...it only takes you to the one you have to pay for, and then you have to manually check if the show/movie is Prime compatible. Why not just direct us to movies/shows that work for prime accounts when we voice search? Im not paying for the fire so I can buy show seasons and movies, thats what Amazon Prime is for! If that was the case I wouldve gone chromecast or just plugged my laptop to my TV. The fire TV needs to be tailored better for it Prime members.Internet connection:Ive noticed that with the fire TV my internet bandwidth is crazy screwed. I suppose I can unplug it when its not in use.Design:Its a sexy looking thing, very convenient. Very classy look. Flat black box, sleek and quiet too.Gaming:No comment. Ive got an N64 and an xbox360, i dont need to play Amazon games but i cannot accurately critique or praise their gaming interface.All in all I am unimpressed with this product of Amazons. I am an arduous Amazon follower but to see this product is very saddening. Make it more accommodating to Prime members for their money's worth is where it should start. I feel more access to shows FOR FREE (like netflix) via Prime should be something. Also fix the voice search to show you only Amazon Prime compatible things, not stuff we have to pay extra for. If the necessary things I listed cant be met I honestly feel customers are better off with their xbox360s or laptops with HDMI -- yes it is a bit slower but why pay more for Fire TV when you essentially have everything the Fire TV offers on your gaming counsel or laptop?
I was so disappointed in the Amazon Fire.  VERY little is available free of charge even though we have been Amazon Prime users for years.  The prices are too high and trying to find something for free is too difficult so alas $99 wasted.  It's just going to collect dust.
NetFlix runs fine on my PC and tablet but never finishes loading on Amazon Fire TV, or has to stop to load multiple times during watching.NetFlix is the primary product I use, so I have to rate this product as horrible
One thing I noticed and don't like about fire tv. It's ASAP predictive streaming is causing bandwidth caps on my ISP (mediacom). I Noticed it when I called direcTv about on demand programming malfunction that started happening a day after installing fire tv.  Directv came out, checked all signals and claimed the reason my download on demands were failing was slow internet speeds, I.e., mediacom had started capping my bandwidth due to excessive HDTV downloading.  This after years of no problems.  Traced back to what I had just changed--the addition of the fire tv!---and figured it was that ASAP predictive streaming downloading what it thought I would want to see next was downloading hd content all the time.  So I unplugged the fire tv just to check.  Sure enough the problem went away for my directv genie box a couple days later (when the temporary bandwidth cap was removed).  So now I just unplug  the fire tv every time I'm done using the fire tv.  Works-but a pain in the keyster.  What is needed is the ability to disable the ASAP streaming.  Until they provide that option I give it only one star.  Otherwise, I love it.  We also have amazon prime and I have a kindle fire hdx that I can mirror on the fire tv. So fire tv is a great fit. Just wish I didn't have to unplug it every time or not use directv on demand downloading in the background.
The Fire TV is not DLNA certified which means you cannot stream from your own media server unless you are going to pay extra for an app and be locked into it's own software. The unit must be unplugged constantly to restart it so that it will connect to the internet (wired or wireless). After one month of owning this, I cannot say that I have ever owned such an overpriced worthless gadget in my life. If I had to define the Fire TV, it would be this: an semi-functional media client (at best) that has a main goal of up-selling movie rentals to you.
Amazon Fire TV only wants to download the expensive HD versions of movies for $7 instead of the $2 or $3 standard definition versions.  My internet connection isn't fast enough to stream the HD versions so I have pretty much no use for Amazon TV.  They sell the manual separately (and electronic version for $10).  The Netflix capability is very limited.  It doesn't use a very recent app and stops, stalls, and studders a whole bunch.  I was going to send it back but don't have the energy.Buy a Roku.
I had the hardest time with this Amazon fire TV. I have the Kindle fire HDX so I figured with both products being from Amazon they would work correctly, boy was I wrong....... mirroring the device was the easy part. When I connected the Kindle to the Amazon TV it would only stay connected for 2 to 3 minutes without skipping or disconnecting or buffering. I press the Mayday button and got in contact with Amazon Kindle services and they advised me to reset the Amazon fire TV as well as the Kindle fire HDX. Needless to say I reset both devices I then reconnected both devices and had the same issue. So again I contacted Amazon services. They said they would check the software in my device and check out my device making sure it's not malfunctioning and they will give me a call back. They never called me back I had to re-contact Amazon services. The rep told me maybe your router is too far from your fire TV explained it was sitting right next to it and I also had two other wireless routers in my home. I asked for a full refund and sent back the Amazon fire TV. Maybe when this software is updated I'll try it again but as for right now it's not worth it.
I spent 2 hours on the phone with very nice support people trying various methods to make the Netflix app work.After a complete reset and reload they told me they were going to talk to the development team and get back to me.In short it doesn't work, more like Beta than ready for market as a product.They of course refunded my money and I returned the item.After the bugs are worked out I will take another look at it.
This was billed on TV to be the easiest to use ever - IE Gary Bussey saying Gary Bussey and finding all he was on instantly.LET ME TELL YOU I YELLED GARY BUSSEY at the damn thing and at Tech Support but nobody laughed. Not even a laugh track.We have had Roku and others and had them be a disaster and clunky to work with. This was my redeemer tech purchase....HAHAHAHHAHAHThis product is supposed to be registered automatically to your account when you purchase - unless you say it was a gift.Mine was not.And I did not say it was a gift.You should be able to login to your account via the Fire TV and begin watching immediately.Mine didn't and I could not and still can't.It kept telling me my password or login was invalid, yet I could grab my Mac and sit right there and login to Amazon -2 ft from the Fire TV- just fine. When I looked under my managed devices, my Kindle is there but not my Fire.After some really frustrating hours of trying every conceivable way to make it work, I sent Amazon an email indicating it did not, and here is what I had encountered. They asked me to contact them via chat or phone. Since I was at work, I chatted. Explained the situation again, and all I had gone through to trouble shoot prior to contact. They indicated they would need to call me. &#34;Frank&#34; called me. Listened and was empathetic, however said I needed the product in front of me to troubleshoot. VERY frustrated, I waited until I got home to call again/THIRD TIME dealing with tech support- not Gary Bussey easy. Got someone who was clearly reading a script for troubleshooting and English not primary language.About an hour on the phone of trying to get it resolved, and telling me to go to the settings repeatedly...that is not an option because I CAN'T GET INTO THE DEVICE PERIOD, he gave up and said he would send me another one, and to ship back the one I had.Which, ok fine...but this really does not make me happy when ease of use is the selling point. I spent HOURS trying to make this work. Not easy at all. I felt better versed in tech support than the people assisting me. Frank indicated we could possibly register the device to my account - via the phone, but when I asked about this later, was told it wasn't possible. I was also told by the last tech support person I talked to that my account was closed. CLOSED I SAID...I have made thousands of purchases this year, it better not be closed. Oh oopsy...looking at the wrong account. WHAT?&#62;!@!!!!!!Frankly, I would think twice about this purchase if I had to do it again. I am a big Amazon supporter and HAD this been super easy, it was on my list of Christmas purchases for technically challenged family members. The good point in all this-it has kept me from impulse buying the Fire Phone I have been obsessing over. If the Fire TV is this bad, how bad will the phone be? And I WANTED the Fire Phone enough to consider paying two cellphone bills.Tech support needs to up their game.It really SHOULD be easy to use - but its not if you encounter any technical issues.It is small...and could be very good purchase - if it worked - which it doesn't and if it doesn't work, it should be realllllllly easy to fix - which it wasn't.
Why cant Amazon actually listen to its customers and put a drive in the damn thing - Tired of having to tie up my bandwidth streaming titles I own and should be able to download to a device and watch locally.  STOP RIPPING US OFF by charging us full price for movies and then treating us like rental customers.  I have hundreds of dollars wrapped up in Amazon Movies and Music - wont buy another title or song until you give me a solution that allows me to watch locally.  As it stands, I am better off paying a buck more for the DVD and passing on your &#34;Own a rental copy you have to stream every time you want to watch&#34;  This is just idiotic and an irresponsible way to do business on the internet.
I hooked up no problem. I have everything wired except for controller. I can only load portions of programs intermittently and stutteringly, so that this is basically useless to me. I have a Century Link DSL but I'm in their slowest part of 'town'...I NEVER saw any minimum connection speeds mentioned and HOPED that this would at least allow programs to load in their entirety,The don't, or I haven't found out how. All I can get are annoying bits and longer waits for 'buffering'.
I was impressed with the idea, but was turned off by the push to the titles that I have to pay $2.99 for.I was hoping it would be able to be set to search only the sites that I subscribe to but I had to constantly sift through the pay titles and not get to the ones that I subscribe to.Very Frustrated...
SHAME ON YOU AMAZON!!!I bought this for my Dad as a Father's Day gift because he has a difficult time operating electronics and I thought the voice activation feature would allow him to use Netflix to watch shows like a Breaking Bad and House of Cards. Shows that are free with his Netflix account. I think it's pretty obvious that Amazon is taking advantage of elderly people who are not tech savy by only showing them options to pay Amazon to watch a show and not showing them the free options available for the very same show on Netflix. So disappointed in the monopoly they are having on the voice operations.
The advertizing would make the buyer believe that you could just plug this device into your tv and computer and off you would go into the land of happy times.  In reality you need addtional equiptment for wireless hook-up which I didn't have.  My ISP was consulted and gave me the bad news that it wouldn't work with my existing modum.
To purchase this for just streaming content, xbox and media players already do this. Amazon you dropped the ball on this one. To make the purchase worthwhile you need to add the ability to play other content. My WD tv already offers me all this.
It worked for a couple of weeks and then stopped working.  Amazon send a replacement immediately.  Unfortunately, had the same problem.  I changed the cable, rebooted the receiver, and tried everything.  It worked for one day and then it would not turn on again.  I am returning it for a refund
Just received my new Fire TV unit.  I was pretty excited setting it up but that soon faded as I realized that I was shipped a defective remote.  I even tried using a second set of batteries.  Nothing!  The remote is within a foot of the Fire TV box and I tried holding down the home button for over 5 seconds.  Nothing!  The system is completely useless without a remote.  There's no way of requesting that just the remote be replaced.  My only option is to ship the entire system back to Amazon and re-order it.  Horrible!!!
This was not what i was expecting after researching and reading the reviews. Save your money and get a SmartTV. I was highly disappointed. Shows they claimed were free really weren't and most movies you had to pay for......i already pay for Netflix. Even with Amazon Prime, it doesn't add much. The adds and claims are very deceiving. If you like specific channels, this contraption is Not what you want. I like CBS, NBC, AMC, TNT, ect.. If you believe from other reviews you would get rid of cable, think again. All the device is, is an app loader.The only true comment is it is easy to connect.
Looks great, nice specs, bluetooth remote rocks.  That's where my love affair ends.  I have had two shipped to me and can't get either to work.  All of my other devices work like a charm.  There' no troubleshooting, and amazon support has been okay, but today I can't even email them back as it keeps bouncing.  My top complaints:No troubleshooting feedback - it is a black box - though on the second one I could see it was pulling an IP address.  There's not even a link light on the wired port.No Android App.  Not everyone owns a Fire.  And after this experience, it's not on my shopping list.No wall mount bracket/kit.  It's bluetooth, so it can be hidden behind the TV.  An add on mount for this would be awesome.No ability to surf local content.  If it can't phone home it's a brick.
BUT unfortunately I can't. I had everything connected and running in 5 minutes, but Amazon FireTV won't accept my sign-in information. It just says &#34;Sign-in failed&#34; over and over again. I went online, logged into my account (as per usual) just to make sure that I was using the correct e-mail address and password and still NOTHING. &#34;Sign-in failed&#34; I looked all over Amazon for help relating to this question and there was absolutely none. I guess I'll just return it and go purchase a competing product. I'm also re-thinking my Prime membership, as it is clearly less valuable since I can't even stream it using Amazon's own device.Poor form, Amazon. Extremely disappointing.
I expeted for it to work as described, As a prime member I expected more movies to watch free. It appears now to me that everything AND i MEAN EVERYTHING that I want to see always has a price attached to it. The only good thing I see in it is, It has NETFLIX and I can watch my movies there. when I use the voice search to find a NETFLIX movie it only takes me to the Amazon pay movie site for the same movie that is free on Netflix.Trust me I would gladley recommend to an enemy to throw away his money and buy this worthless thing. to my friends I would tell them to save their money and just get Netflix. The box is less expensive and the movies are free with my monthly service I pay. It appears to me that Amazon is extremly money hungy. they want a a fee to become a Prime member and then want to charge for the more desirable movies. Oh no, I do not like this Amazon fire TV at all
I stream sports and have &#34;cut the cable&#34; so ESPN, etc and anything that requires a cable subscription is out. My Roku has NFL and NHL apps that I can subscribe to watch my sports. Amazon Fire doesn't have that offered, so it is pretty much useless to any sports fan without cable.
I've tried them all and this is by far the worse.Subjectively: The interface just feels clunky as heck and inconsistent as heck. Voice is nice but does not work in most of the apps.Objectively:No way to search on prime content only. Do a search and you get mixed free/paid results.Even prime content has a little &#34;buy me&#34; button under it.Only RF/bluetooth on the remote. You better not loose it because it's impossible to use with most 3rd party remotes.  (apple has the best 3rd party remote integration, roku is the most flexible with both RF and IR.).Some of the apps are just horrible, worst ever. I forget if it was hulu or netflix but at one point my text entry &#34;keyboard&#34; was a line of characters across the screen:  A B C D E F .... Z  I literally laughed when I saw that.Amazon shoves their stuff in your face and and everything else is 2nd tier, an app pushed wayyyyyy down the screen.Glitches Glitches Glitches.  It's just locked up several times requiring a complete reboot and we occasionally have problems with the audio on netflix.Overall this product feels very rushed. Over priced for a beta .1 product. If you love Amazon do yourself a favor and wait for version 1.1 or 2.0.
After purchasing this product we were excited to see what it had to offer. The box was tiny and the remote is simple and easy to use.Unfortunately the programming all costs. Only very old and outdated programming is free. Most shows are about $3 per show!! That's ridiculous and it would cost a fortune to watch one season of just the most basic cable shows on TV.Very disappointed in the cost and variety!!!
Wait for the next generation of this product because there are serious flaws.1.  No power off button.  You must unplug the unit to disable it.2.  Even though an item is offered by Prime, you must know exactly how to get it that way under &#34;other purchase options&#34; or they will charge you.3.  My very first time trying it, it lost the signal on a streaming video (one hour) halfway through.  I continued watching the video one I got up and unplugged the Amazon Fire and used my smart TV's system.  It didn't lose the signal.4.  I have not tried accessing my video library via Amazon Fire but I am sure it will try to charge me for movies already bought if I'm not careful.5.  Even though Amazon now features a music player (formerly the Cloud Player), you can't access it from this system.I repeat:  Wait for the next generation of this system.  This one is annoying crap.
Fire TV doesn't allow you to watch your own videos from a hard drive or other your own medias. It basically only lets you watch online. They offer cloud for free for only 5 GB, which is not enough for even home videos.
I swear all these great reviews are bought and paid for by amazon. This Fire TV has so many bugs. Every app has bugs including Plex and Youtube. Searches get stuck. Video with great internet connections get hung up.
Nobody was more excited than I was to get my Amazon Fire TV shipment. I grabbed it from the UPS guy, ran upstairs hooked it up and turned it on! The Fire TV logo came on screen and then a message popped up saying the software in my Fire TV needed to be updated!?! This box was shipped out 2 days ago (I'm a Prime member) and arrived 15 minutes ago and it's already out of date?????So I went thru the simple steps of connecting to my wifi (that was successful) and then a new message came on screen saying &#34;Now updating software. Do not turn off Fire TV. Within 1 minute a message came on saying &#34;We are unable to update your software. Please unplug the power supply and try again or visit Amazon.com for support.&#34;I did as instructed with the power down and power back up...4 times. Same result each time.I came to Amazon.com and went to Fire TV Support (one of the drop down options) and it took me to the sales page for the product!!!RETURNING FIRE TV AND WAITING FOR GOOGLE TV!!!I DO NOT SUGGEST YOU BUY FIRE TV FOR A YEAR. LET THEM GO THRU THE GROWING PAINS OF RUSHING A PRODUCT TO MARKET TOO SOON. WITHIN A YEAR OR SO, THEY WILL EITHER FIX ALL OF THE NUMEROUS PROBLEMS WITH FIRE TV OR ABANDON THE PRODUCT.
Not what I expected. TV shows and Movies required rental or purchase. Netflix and Hulu offers TV and MoviesWithout having to rent or buy. The Amazon. Fire TV is probably good for some people, but not me. I want my moneyBack.
Remote wasn't working.  Tried the included batteries, my own batteries, and every possible configuration for this thing and none worked.  Spent 30 minutes on the phone (most of that on hold) and they will send me a replacement.  Had to complain so that they would pick it up rather than trekking out to the UPS store for a drop off.  Hope the replacement works.
Does not come even close to Apple TV.  Feels like I'm using a windows 95 product in the age of ...well 2014. Sending it back.
I bought the FireTV because it seemed like it would be a great product. However, I quickly learned that they only expect it to be plugged into the newest of TV monitors. fireTV only has an HDMI output. I purchased the Kanex Pro HDRGBRL HDMI to Component with Audio Converter to change the fireTV signal over to Y Pb Pr. I have a 10ish year old Mitsubishi Medallion 1080i TV with two different kinds of Y Pb Pr inputs. A DTV/RGB and a 2 regular HDTV inputs. My Sony blu ray player and my DVR both play in high definition on the TV and they both have HDMI in addition to the Y Pb Pr outputs. The Kanex Pro HDRGBRL HDMI to Component with Audio Converter was able to convert both of those HDMI signals to the Y Pb Pr and the TV could display them. The fireTV on the other hand will not convert and the TV can't display the signal with any of the inputs available. I tried the fireTV with HDMI on a newer TV and it does work. I also tried using the converter with the newer 1080p TV's Y Pb Pr inputs and it worked that way as well.CONCLUSION: The best I can figure from all of this is that fireTV doesn't have a switchable output like the other devices do. It ONLY produces a 1080p feed. I looked for something in the settings (while hooked up to the tiny 1080p tv that worked) that would allow me to force the resolution down to 1080i but nothing exists. You basically only get one setting (auto) you can also do (auto with scaling) but that's it. I hope the programmers at Amazon will read this and get back to me when they've added support for my display.
If you own an Amazon Kindle Fire, then you don't need to buy this product.  You don't need to spend $99 plus the cost of the cable.  Save yourself the money.  The Amazon Kindle Fire does everything this does.I am going to return the Amazon Fire TV. I used it for a couple of days and found that I didn't need it.  I am returning it.ALWAYS READ THE BAD REVIEWSUpdate 4/22/2014:Take care to notice that there is a "group" of bullies that feel compelled to write derogatory comments on the 1 & 2 Star Reviews. Feel free to report them as abusive, there's a button there for this. You can also write Amazon's Customer Service.Take notice that the Vote count of whether reviews are Helpful are unusually skewed to the "not helpful" in the 1 & 2 Star Reviews. Makes you wonder about the Integrity of what is going on. You're an Amazon Purchaser and Reviewer, are any other products so heavily skewed in the No vote?Take care to notice if the Review is by an actual Verified Purchaser because those are your honest reviews.Take care to notice if the Comment is by an actual Verified Purchaser because those are your honest and helpful comments.If you get a bully comment, take notice that it is from someone within the same group and they actually don't have a Verified Purchase Review.  Again, you can report the Comment and the Commenter as abusive.  You can even write Customer Service.It is time to call out Amazon on what is happening.Thanks!
it's just not for us, my wife has the tv on all the time, and with fire that doesn't work, You have to pay for everything, and if we need  to pay, we just aren't going to enjoy it. money is the reason I won't be staying with prime, also.
Every unit in the world has HBO GO but this one!!  Very Disappointed because Best Buy sales guy at store said it had it.  Should have done a little research before purchase!
I was quite excited about my purchase if this and then I plugged it in. The worst part of this is the incredibly poor sound quality. There is a high pitched whistling coupled with an echo on all channels. I tried several different HDMI cables. The cables work with other technologies and the tv sound works fine at all other times. There is no other option beyond the apple fire tv is faulty. I'm plugging my Apple TV back in.
This device is very disappointing. It lacks MLB.tv and this freaking thing came out during baseball season. My cell phone can get MLB.tv but this&#34;set top&#34; can't. Save 50 bucks and get the Roku stick instead.
This lacks far too many useful features for me to switch. The ROKU, with Aereo TV (if available in your area) is the only comprehensive solution for &#34;Cable Nevers&#34; such as myself. The remote alone on the Roku 3 does laps around the Fire TV. Avoid this product.
Amazon FireTV leaves out the ENTIRE world population of blind people, with 6,636,900 (yes, 6 million) legally blind in the US alone!For some reason Amazon decided they didn't want the business of blind people(?!), and thus did not include any type of accessibility features for the blind. (I have confirmed this during TWO phone calls to the Amazon customer and technical support.)Buy an APPLE TV instead!APPLE is the ONLY company to provide an awesome accessibility feature for the blind. Really, it's amazing: Every menu, every item, every word, is spoken out-load to you.100% usable by every blind person.Support blind people and buy an APPLE TV. APPLE TV offers all the same (and more!!) features and programs of this Amazon FireTV. By buying an APPLE TV, you are telling Amazon to get their act together. Do you know someone who is blind!?? Support them by not buying this Amazon FireTV until Amazon makes this FireTV fully accessible to the blind.Don't get me wrong, I love Amazon.com and will continue to shop with them. But releasing a product like this while leaving out the entire world population of blind people, is completely irresponsible of Amazon.Buy an Apple TV instead.
The Amazon Fire was able to connect with my &#34;extended range&#34; WiFi adapter, but it would not recognize nor accept my WiFi router's password. So I disconnected the range extender, and tried several time to get the Amazon Fire to connect to my regular WiFi signal, even while standing right next to the WiFi router, but to no avail. I was really disappointed because I have 2 Apple iPads, 2 iPhones, an iPod Touch, both a desktop PC and a laptop, a wireless printer and 3 Blu-ray DVD players, all of which use my home WiFi network without a problem. So what's up with the Amazon Fire?
This device was a piece of junk! Your customer service could not help, although they were very professional and tried to be helpful. They turned over my problem to your techkies and they sent me a new device. Still no success. I have an LGE Smart TV, I have wi-fi, in my home, Apple TV works great with no problems connecting or maintaing the connection. I own the Kindle, Kindle Fire and love those devices. Kindle Fire does connect to my wi-fi!!!! This device I feel should never have been sold until the bugs are washed out. I have 3 friends that have the same problem with this device. I am very disappointed in this Amazon product!
my fire tv worked great for a month then stopped playing movies and tv shows . I had to restore it to factory specs twice then I couldn't get my game controller paired back to the amazon tv . amazon doesn't want to back up thier products without a head ache . they gave me a $28.00 promotional credit which I couldn't use to get the kindle books I wanted . my roku 2 has lasted 4 yrs without any trouble .they replaced my fire tv and game controller and I have the same problem the first ones had . game controller won't pair with the fire tv .
I'm an avid Amazon lover, and belong to PRIME so this thing really was right up my ally.  From day 1 - the programs would stall and get stuck.  I always just thought it was the quality of my wifi.  I ended up getting a better speed of wifi and the problem still existed.  It did not happen with my Samsung Smart DVD - so the coverage was fine.When I finally realized it was a defective unit (oh by the way they name it FIRE because it's hot like FIRE when it's on) I tried to return it and i was 2 days outside the return window so I called Amazon and they allowed the return.I got my return receipt and they deducted $20 for &#34;restocking fee&#34; (did I mention it was defective?  I hope none of you end up with this unit since it was &#34;restocked&#34;) and they charged me $9 for return shipping.I was not informed of any of this when I called to get authorization.I did live chat today to resolve the issue and they agreed to refund only $9 of my &#34;restocking&#34; fee.  I found that to be shortsighted and worthy of a crappy review.
A month in and we were doing ok. But my kid kept playing with the remote so in order to avoid a purchase we put the password under parental control. What a mistake. Somehow that made it go offline in the middle of a movie. And when we went back to reset the wireless connection, guess what? It asks for the password. And when you put in the password, guess what, it can't connect to the internet. Endless loop. No way out of it, so now it is a big paper weight. Tried to turn power off and on to no avail. Tried to find troubleshooting, costumer service, a forum, and nothing turned out. So, we are returning it. Don't think we will get another one. Maybe will try the roku, but I have my doubts. Bunny ears and netflix thru hdmi will have to keep working.
I bought it for the voice search feature.  I pull up content from YouTube on my TV.  Typing in the search criteria is a pain.When I search for content (that I know is available on YouTube), can pull it up using typing on computer Fire TV says nothingin catalog.  Can you help with making content on YouTube available using voice search via Fire TV.  Otherwise I think it is wastedmoney for me.
First off, Fire TV is basically a fire tablet that plugs into your tv. All channels are just Apps and thee are not even 10% of what Roku offers. The search feature is dreadful, it basically ignores what you are searching for and points you to Amazon pay service regardless of what you are actually looking for OR if it does manage to find the program it tries to get you to pay for it even if it is available for free on Netflix or Hulu.The hardware is not ready for release. Mine has to be rebooted several times each day. It freezes and just stops working. About 80% of the time the Hulu Plus App returns "could not start this service" When Hulu does work whatever show I watch it freezes for 10-60 seconds, though strangely the ADs NEVER freeze. I checked my network and then ran a PC with Hulu plus and Hulu Plus on Fire and the PC worked fine, Fire kept freezing.I replaced an older Roku and I have since plugged it back in, this thing is terrible. The voice search is a gimmick as no matter what you search it takes you to Amazon to purchase. It's just one giant marketing device.I will be sending this back and getting another Roku.If you are coming from a Roku, stick with Roku it's light years ahead of this slug.
I'm a LONG TIME Amazon customer and I buy thousands of dollars from Amazon each year AND I'm very tech &#34;savvy&#34; - but I refuse to spend much time tweaking a &#34;plug and play&#34; item and that is what I would have had to do with Fire TV.  My intent was to have Fire TV replace a ROKU3 that I've had since the &#34;3s&#34; came out (I'm a many-year user of ROKU).  The thought was to integrate all my Amazon electronics and the Fire TV would have been a part of that.What's wrong?  Well, the Fire TV was not recognized by my Sammy HDTV either direct (via HDMI) or through my Yamaha receiver to the Sammy (via HDMI).  I tried several connections and after one-half hour I put the Fire TV back in its box and it will be on its way back to Amazon on Monday morning.Sad, really, because I did want this to work.  I'll probably re-order in a couple of years after the kinks are worked out.  :-(
The movies are very expensive! Anywhere from $1.99 to $5.99 for any movie.  Also if you have an XBOX 360 or XBOX ONE I wouldnt bother getting this device.  It does everything your xbox does for renting movies.
did not find it to be as good as they said have prime 30 day trial have to pay to watch 5 - 10year old movies .
Nowhere in the description do I remember reading your TV needs an Ethernet connection.  The cable isn't included, so i went to buy the cable and when I got home and looked at my set to plug it in, there was no place and my set isn't that old.  I guess I need to invest in a new TV.  I think I'll just watch on one of my I-Pads for the time being.
There are nice things to say about this device and some not nice things to say. Oddly, Amazon reviews and website reviewers seem to only focus on the positive. I am here to help others sort through the marketing propaganda and make an informed decision.So the device has nice specs. Though this is largely due to being the latest and greatest. 6 months down the line somebody else will have more horsepower in their technology. Regarding streaming, I do not see any appreciable improvement over other streamers. And how could it? I have used a number of other streamers and they all work great--it's the internet service that most often is the issue in streaming problems. So the device is merely average in terms of streaming functionality, but it sorely lacks apps which others have--dropping it to a below average streamer.The device plays games. That does separate it from the streamer pack to some degree. It performs like a fine Android gaming phone, though it is obviously not competitive with console, PC, or SteamOS games. So if you are into fun little casual games and do not need top quality, this makes sense for you. Having said that, there are other alternatives: Ouya, GamePop, Mojo, Game Stick, Nvidia Shield, and numerous other Android microconsoles. Not to mention the soon to be released Playstation TV and Google set top box. The FireTV doesn't stand out from the crowd, in fact the limited game library probably relegates it to below average status.A saving grace for the device is the access to Amazon Prime. Some devices simply forego such access. However, Amazon nearly screwed that up by making it difficult to find Amazon Prime content which is free for members. They have made concessions in this regard, though it is still not great. Which brings up another point, the menu is poorly designed. It just is. Amazon could have used the FireTV to help keep Prime members, but it won't keep me.The FireTV outright fails in one area. As of yet, there is no way to play your own music locally. I mean Amazon hasn't even created a way for you to play music you purchased from them. Then there's the music you might have bought from iTunes or on CD, etc.. This is a media streamer which can't play music outside of a few apps like Pandora and such. That is unthinkable. Totally unacceptable. This is a basic functionality which Amazon clearly fails at. I have a huge issue with Amazon touting a USB port in there specs. There is no USB port--the port can do nothing. However Amazon wants to feign USB functionality to prevent customers from choosing the Roku 3 instead. I have purchased plenty of my own movies and music which I would like to put on a USB drive and watch on TV. I CAN'T DO IT WITH FIRETV, and that is a joke. The fact they are claiming a USB port in the specs is outright fraud.So to sum it all up. Ignore the guerrilla marketing campaign. The device is a below average media streamer due to lack of apps. A below average micro game console due to lack of library. It outright fails as a media device due to its inability to play local movies and music via USB. If you are interested in a small number of casual games, only need a couple of apps, and have no need for USB support to playback movies and music... then this is the streamer for you. And judging by the Amazon reviews, there must be a lot of those people out there ;)
we did not like this product at all.  We couldn't believe that the very same shows that we had on netflex and the shows that we got with Roku for free, Amazon Fire Tv wanted us to pay for.
Same problem that hundreds of other people had - would not complete the required update. (Update! Really? On a brand new product?)  Tried dozens of times with both wireless and wired connections.  No joy.  The fact that some people had success is troubling.  Is there no quality control.  Am ordering ROKU3.
All the bad that everyone is saying is absolutely the truth. Search only searches amazon that costs you. It only searches amazon, no Netflix, vudu,  hulu or any other feature. There is no easy way to surf the web.  They claim that it plays games well DL 2 games Anthe memory is full so you only get a few good games. You can't access your own media. There is a USB port in the back don't know what its for except maybe a keyboard of sorts which I think you can do with Bluetooth. I will be returning mine and someday if they figure it out I would buy another. All the free stuff on amazon prime is hidden except for e 150 or so they show you on the main screen. I will also be returning my prime membership. The price went up 20 dollars this year, what about the next. I don't mind waiting an extra day for my orders.  Which most things take three days anyway.  Way to go amazon your getting 200 dollars less from me.
Doesn't provide any features that roku apple tv or any smart tv or smart dvd player would.  Unless you have a Kindle Fire you really should get something else.  If you have an ipad or iphone you should skip this all together.
Not good guality for Internation is only  and not be use outside US, is basically  for only netflix use for international
No hbo go and vudu is a deal breaker.  VUDU is where I have a pile of movies I purchased.  Would give 5 stars otherwise.
This thing is lousy. Constant error messages, despite my reliable and lightning fast internet. I'm returning it and buying an Apple TV.
Won't work with my Logitech Harmony remote nor work with any other universal remote. Who wants to mess with multiple remotes, All my other devices use my Logitech remote.Staying with my ROKU
If you are outside US, please check PRIME content availability at your country BEFORE buying this item.Due to local contracts with other providers (cable, netflix, etc), it DOES NOT work everywhere.i.e. @ARGENTINE it does NOT work. Not one movie or TV episode for Prime membersAlso, no DLNA support, nor LOCAL USB storage.Cloud content it's what makes this work. If you cant access it, LOOK for other product.I hope Amazon reviews its international policy for international buyers and PRIME. Im giving up my prime subscription.And do some firmware update to allow local USB and DLNA.Good luck!. (Traducci&oacute;n al Espa&ntilde;ol disponible)
My friends just purchased this. So before I was going to purchase it I asked them if I could play with it for a while. After a glass of wine I kicked back and I played with it. I have invested so much money in Push2TV, Google's Chromecast, etc. I am not willing to put another dime into one of these so-called remote viewing products.  This is a Kindle fire on your TV using a remote control. That's it.  This is something that will be easily replaced in a couple months by Another gadget. It is not perfected by any means. I for one cannot be throwing around $99. So, after playing with this for awhile, I have come up with a most sincere conclusion that it is not worth $99 and I'd rather keep my money. I absolutely love technology and new fangled items on the market but this is a waste of money. There are other options out there that are just as good if not better And cost a lot less. I would wait until Kindle comes out with something else. This is not worth the money.
Amazon is becoming like Apple, creating garbage to purchase, just to watch people spend more money for nothing more.Received this as a gift.  First issue was the setup.  This idiot box would not link with my WiFi.  Had to add a ethernet cable to make it work.  Also, with previous device is could run through my sound system.  This one has nothing to let you do that function.  I would rather have taken the money and spent it on a wireless blu-ray with internet options.  Could have had one less box to deal with!
CAME IN WITH THE BATTERY CASE JAMMED SHUT AND, ASIDE FROM A TEN POUND HAMMER NO WAY TO OPEN IT.  MAYBE ROKU WORKS BETTER
Hate it...will be sending back! This Fire TV does not do what it says it does.  I'm not sure exactly why it is so &#34;fire&#34;!
I was really excited but then I read the specs. If this was a DLNA device that let us play the music and videos we already own, then it would be great.  As it stands I need this to stream and another box to do DLNA.  So I'll just keep the X-Box 360 as it does both now.  There is absolutely no incentive to buy half a solution.  Remember we want a connected home and the least amount of devices to do it with.  Unfortunately this has great potential but is like owning a sports car with only two wheels.
Just read this folks...Amusing Ourselves to Death: Public Discourse in the Age of Show Business...and you'll see why this gets one star.Don't we have enough &#34;entertainment&#34; as it is in this post-modern electronic age?
Was sooo excited. Now sooo disappointed. Expected my FireTV box with my Amazon Prime membership would access Showtime without a cable TV subscription, no luck. I would be happy to pay for Showtime over IP without the rest of the cable crap.Also cannot get sound with Prime movies or TV over HDMI from the FireTV box although it plays Netflix content and Showtime teasers audio  sound without problems over HDMI. I Have Chromecast and an. Internet-enabled BlueRay player and both deliver Netflix and Amazon Prime -- with sound. Fire TV has better video quality than either, but without sound FireTV is worthless.Finally,  much of the content supposedly included in my Prime membership demands payment when using Fire TV.
I may update if my 3rd box actually works.  So far, I have received my first box, which got stuck stating it needed a software update but couldn't contact the services.  After trying repeatedly I contacted support and was told I needed to RMA the box.  I received a second box on Monday.  That box was able to get the software updates, but then froze after a number of self initiated reboots.  Whether it be over wired or wireless, it just boots, does a check for updates and then goes to an unresponsive blank screen.  If I'm on wifi, I can use the back-button to go to the wireless settings.  That's all.  No home screen, no settings.  My second box is now packaged up waiting for an RMA shipping label.  i really want to like this box.  I want the chance to actually TRY it, though.
It has a nice clean design, but it does not function as well as you might expect.  The voice functionality doesn't work well at all and continually misses much of the content.  It also seems to have a lot of lag time trying to load certain apps. Very disappointed overall.
As much as I really don't care for the Roku, it sure beats the Amazon Fire... It keeps dropping the Wi-Fi signal for poor signal strength... As soon as you disconnect the power supply the signal strength is great, for awhile... Then it repeats... Your voice search islimited to Amazon only... I agree with all the other 1 Stars and their comments...Let Me Add..... The router is about 15ft away from the Fire... The signal strength is shown as excellent, very strong... The laptop being used in the same room is working fine... I switched back to the Roku and it works great...So I can only assume that the Amazon Fire is defective and has been returned for a refund...
The Bad1.1. Didn't get to use the Fire for the first hour after opening because it needed to update.1.2. First attempt at an update failed; I had to reset it to try again (&#34;Unable to update your Amazon Fire TV / Try disconnecting the power ... then plugging it back in.&#34;2. When visiting a collection (like My Watchlist) and the images haven't downloaded yet, the collection looks empty because there aren't placeholders for the images in progress3. The first button under Amazon Prime videos is a buy button (with a price), which is a confusing call to action when what you need to do is just press select on the video thumbnail to start watching it.4. The UI around downloading apps is similarly confusing5. I encountered several problems downloading apps, including one app where some bug prevented the download button from activating and another where choosing the download button wouldn't work (wouldn't start the download)6. The UI often gets laggy (slow or unresponsive); presumably because the device is busy doing other stuff7. Lots of games are buggy or unplayable for other reasons7.1 The Zen Pinball game is too laggy (time between button-press and flipper flipping) to be playable7.2 The second screen app of the You Don't Know Jack game would completely not work for about 25% of questions, making the game unplayable for multiplayer.8. I quickly ran out of space on the device, and there doesn't appear to be an easy way to see what's taking up the most room. The message appeared (and interrupted) while in the middle of streaming in Netflix.... and this is just what I can remember off the top of my head right now.Other areas to improve:* I'd really love for the microphone to be useful for more than just searching, such as voice-to-text input for login fields.Competitors:* With the Roku 3 you get a headphone jack in the remote control and HBO GO* With the Chromecast you get a device you can better control with your phone (e.g., YouTube or Netflix)
The device is fast and works well but you have no way to watch recently released movies. There is no VUDU ,no MGO or any other service with recently released movies. Amazon screwed up big time this time around because they do not offer any way to buy recent movies. Also search function is not nearly as nice as ROKU. ROKU is a much better option in this marketplace. It is a little slower but not enough to really notice. What counts is content and Amazon just does not have it. We wanted to watch Nebraska (which is an excellent movie) but we could not on this device. I switched over to Roku and it was available form 5 different places when I searched and it showed prices from all 5 and I got to choose which I wanted to watch. Roku is the one to get. It is also much better than Apple TV. I put Apple TV at the bottom of the list of the three. Has poor content choices and does not have the speed or ease of use of Amazon fire TV
Thanks but not thanks.Sorry, not a gamer.I'm happy enough with what I have and don't need another box.
Is there a trouble line?  We have it hooked up but it won't move to the WIFI.  We need help and can't find any help line.
the prime membership for the movies is terrible. there are very few movies that one doesn't have to pay for. Even 50 year old movies I have seen 10 times amazon wants money to watch these movies. the fire tv itself is great but the prime membership is no good and I do not plan on getting it once the trial is over.
I had this for 2 days and finally returned it. When it does work the speech search is great, one of the best I seen. But I had lots of enter pin, can not connect to network, enter pin, loops. After many reboots and getting lucky I was finally able to deregister my account and return it. They say, &#34;Get started in minutes&#34; More like tens of minutes! From out of the box to 20 minutes of downloading new software. I think this is still a bit on the buggy side. Very disappointing. I expected more from Amazon. Now I understand why the reviews are heavy in the 5 star and 1 star category.  I liked the idea of Android apps, maybe Roku will add that soon.
This was a huge disappointment.My family bought this for me as a birthday present. When they talked to the Amazon salesman they were led to believe that this would connect wirelessly to my Kindle HD. It won't; it will only connect to the HDX, a fact I found out when I finally called for help.In essence when you buy a FIRE TV are paying $100.00 for a (sort of) voice activated tuner that does NOT have recorder/timer and with limited access to some internet content, paid access to most content, and some access to free content. That's it. If you ever saw the ads for a dongle called "The Rabbit", you are buying a voice capable (kind of) version of that.With the exception of the voice command (which is NOT ready for prime time) there is nothing you can do with this that you can't do for free with Windows Media Center (WMC) which is integral to every Windows OS out there, and an HDMI cable. If you have an older CRT TV you will need a HDMI-RCA jack connector ($5.00).1. If you are a Prime member, just connect the HDMI cable to your TV the same way you would with the Fire TV; connecting to your PC/laptop instead of the Fire. Then log on to Prime via your PC, and choose either the duel screen (if you want to see it on your computer as well as your TV, or remote screen if you only want to watch it on your TV.) Windows Media doesn't care what kind of TV you have. If you have a wireless mouse/keyboard arrangement you actually have a greater wireless-remote functionality than if you only had the Kindle TV.2. If you are not a Prime member, then using just the Windows Media Center, you have the same functionality as you would on The Kindle TV box. Just Google the latest show you want to watch, select the network and just watch the TV show free via your internet connection.3. You CANNOT watch all of the shows that are in the advertisements for the Kindle Fire TV unless you have a paid-for internet connection that allows you to do so.4. If you have a Netflix, Hulu, etc. account, just log on to them using your computer and watch them via your computer-TV-HDMI connection.5. The Windows Media Center does have the advantage that it will allow you to set up a timer to record a TV show (or movie) and store it on the computer's hard drive, or a remote hard drive, for later viewing. I was rather surprised that the Kindle didn't have this very basic function.6. This device would have been at least minimally useful if there was a way to connect the mini-USB on a Kindle Fire HD and record TV shows on the timer the same way that the WMC does. It is remarkable that 10+ year old software developed by Microsoft (Microsoft Vista and all later OSs) can give better functionality than Amazon's new TV box. If you have purchased a PC in the last 10 years you have greater capabilities on your PC/laptop than the Fire TV.7. I really love my Fire HD. I would recommend anyone who wants to watch videos or TV shows on the road buy one. You can infinitely expand the storage capacity of an HD by buying a wireless hard drive, such as the San Disk wireless flash with interchangeale data cards.Most folks already have a HDMI cable, if you don't just buy one and don't waste your money on this tuner.All of that said; if you didn't even know that you could do all of this with the WMC that came with your PC, then the 4-5 mouse clicks you would have to do may be too techhie for you, and the easy hook-up for the Fire TV is OK if you can live with its limitations. If it had the same wireless connectivity as the HDX it would be a whole different ball game and I would recommend it in a moment to an HDX owner; especially one who wants to do remote Power Point presentations.Doug
You can already get Amazon Prime on other devices.  Devices that cost less.This is no different than Roku, Netgear's device, Vizio, Sony's devices, etc, etc.  All of them lock you down to their own service.  You want something they don't have... to bad, you can't go to play store and get it.  They are all doing this crap, and you are always locked down to what they offer you.  Oh, and the remote is crap... the cpu not that great.  Really, it's just a locked down rebranded solution that others already offer.  Hell, with the crappy game controller, this looks like an Ouya.Go buy a generic Android TV device.  Amazon sells them.  One that has a better remote, a keyboard for example.Want to play good games, ones that support the default android multi-touch?  Then go get that.  One that allows you to chose the games you want from play store, not one where they chose what you should have.
I am so upset with Amazon right now! They were providing an abundant number of tv shows and movies through Amazon Prime that was easily accessible through the roku. Now for the people that have been using Amazon Prime and streaming videos through their roku, they have to pay a higher membership fee for prime and buy an Amazon Fire box. Why are you doing this Amazon? Raising the prices and making us spend money on more equipment? Not very affordable! I will probably have to close my prime membership and no longer be able to stream movies from Amazon over my roku. It was good while it lasted......
I love shopping at Amazon and do a large percentage of my shopping here.  I would definitely buy this device IF it included The Blaze because I bought my Rokus (through Amazon) to watch The Blaze.  Now the older Rokus &#34;no longer support the updated streaming&#34; and I will have to replace one, maybe both.  I would rather buy Amazon's product which I note has HuffPost and other liberal selections, which should not be changed.  I would like to also see choices from a conservative viewpoint, since I believe in and support diversity.Thanks!
I'll keep it short and concentrate on the reason I gave it the single star. There are many reviews that go in depth on the features that work.It has a USB port, the USB port is disabled. It wasn't until I downloaded the Amazon Fire TV User Guide PDF that I was told &#34;The USB port currently does not support any accessories.&#34; I was hoping to use it as a classy video playback device for videos on a thumb drive.  There are many media players on the market that provide this basic feature, I had hoped to find similar functionality in the Amazon Fire TV but it has not been implemented. The Amazon Fire is useless without the internet, do not purchase this device if you wish to play videos connected to the unit itself, it will not.
This device works great, but it can  only work with one TV.  Its implied networking is not clearly stated.  For that reason I have returned this settop tiny box.  My Directv Genie  controller does all this and is available in the network to all my Directv devices....
very buggy... & slow... every game needs downloading and then more downloading and then sometimes fail to load.... poor Amazon experience...
Get lost Amazon. Friend got this and wished she hadn't. Better to stick with a Smart TV or any BluRay player that has all these apps and much more on them. Amazon trying to make a buck on nothing and acting like its the most groundbreaking thing since......
It would be nice if Amazon could just release their Prime Video app for Android instead of thinking that withholding it is somehow going to sway me to their limited factor devices. My Android TV sits on top of my TV instead of being yet another thing I have to figure out how to mount to the wall out of sight. I can control it from my phone instead of having yet another remote. My tablet is a fully functional tablet instead of a glorified e-reader. I'm not going to buy a Kindle Fire or Fire TV. I have an original Kindle, because it's *great* for reading books. Amazon should stick to what they're good at and stop trying to force me into a device I don't want just so I can use a service I'm already paying for.
All of these companies are preying on the technically uninformed.  It's a poor substitute for a computer.  As far as content is concerned it's just a vehicle to charge you more money for more services. (many of which you can obtain free of charge) Minecraft-antiquated, HULU-Free, You Tube-Free .....REALLY??The hardware specs are a real piece of work as well...&#34;Surround Sound&#34; ...You get &#34;Surround Sound&#34; by setting up a Surround Sound environment via your speaker system. Nice that they are able to separate the audio channel but I didn't see a set of surround sound speakers offered. Even if they had, it's a promise they can't make because surround sound starts in the recording studio.(Mono is always going to be a mono signal ! (same goes for stereo .....Regardless of what hardware you run it thru).Not all of the services they offer are free either.  The amazon fire TV is a &#34;player&#34; not a service.SO don't get played. . . Learn how to use your computer.
There's already a ton of ways to access Amazon prime. Most TVs have Amazon prime by default, as do Blu-Ray players, Roku, game consoles, computers, tablets, etc... And if their presentation on voice search includes a reference to Alpha House they've really lost me. That show is terribad. Complete and utter waste of time, talent and resources. Xbox One voice search is way more comprehensive, searching all possible media sources.
Cannot get  any sound from it.  I have tried every conceivable connection with  my system amplifier.  Nothing works.  Now I must spend $80.00 to have my electronics installers fix the problem.
I bought this on the assumption that it would be typical Amazon quality. I began the startup process, the unit simply quit (i.e. the white light died) and that was that. i never actually managed to see anything. I suppose I'll return it but i don't think I'm inclined to try again. there is zero way to troubleshoot and Amazon says only to return it.Back to selecting something else for my streaming needs.
Other similar products (Apple TV, Roku, etc.) are very easy to understand and operate.  More importantly, they come with a lot of channels already installed, including all the major channels (Netflix, Amazon, for instance) as well as some obscure yet fun channels such as the one where you can see the pilot episodes of old TV shows (example, the original Superman TV series.)One of the main reasons I have these products (Fire TV, Roku, etc.) is to watch MLB-TV.  It's a subscription I pay for, and it lets me watch any game (except local games and games that are televised nationally on ESPN or MLB Network).  There's a similar app for basketball.Having said that, it never occurred to me to check to see if MLB-TV is available.  It is not.  Now I see a whole bunch of stuff isn't available for Fire TV.Amazon really had it together when they released the Kindle Fire.  If you have the Kindle Fire, adding MLB-TV is really easy.  Adding ANY channel is easy.  But, I made a huge mistake thinking Fire TV was going to be a fantastic piece of hardware.  While the setup was very simple, Fire TV only offers a handful of channels.  Another app I wanted is one that plays streaming audio.  Unfortunately, the app installed in Fire TV does not find the streams I want.  And I cannot add the app I want for audio playback.  Meanwhile Roku finds them -- even the Kindle Fire finds them -- and lets you instantly save them to your device so you don't have to search every time.I'm sure there are a lot of channels coming for Fire TV.  In the meantime, you're handcuffed to a very limited number of channels. Unfortunately, the entire setup assumes you want Amazon's videos.  Unless you're a Prime member, Amazon charges for everything.  And, it should be noted that Amazon Prime does not mean you get everything free.  If you want to watch a recent movie, chances are good it'll cost you.  I found a movie I wanted to see and it was $6 to rent.  No advantage to being a Prime member.Keep in mind that not all Prime TV or movies are free.  I subscribe to Netflix.  When I searched for House of Cards on Netflix, it brought up House of Cards for $2.99/episode on Amazon.  So you need to be sure you understand that voice search is not a good thing if you subscribe to anything other than Amazon Prime.Fortunately, it's easy to re-install Roku.  With Roku, all the sports channels I want are right there.  I can listen to the audio streams I like.  I have a huge amount of channels, INCLUDING Amazon.  In other words, my Roku gives me everything that's on Fire TV, as well has a large selection of additional channels.I just get the feeling Fire TV was not very well thought out.  Not nearly as thought out as the Kindle Fire.  And it's seriously lacking when compared to Roku.It will be interesting to see how long it takes to start adding more channels.  As of right now, I can't find any on the Amazon.com website.
Don't waste your money. Just got mine and am sending it back. I have an account through Netflex and all movies are free but if you use Netflex through Amazon FireTV it charges you. Of course they don't tell you this.
This unit does not get very many channels compared to others.  If you are a Time Warner, Dish Network, or Direct TV customer you can use the Roku box to replace your cable box.  Amazon Fire does not get the Time Warner Channel, the Dish Network Channel, or the Direct TV channel.  While it is voice activated, that is not a selling point for me.  If you steam from Amazon this is probably a good choice.  However, for the money and features Roku 3 is clearly the best TV streamer on the market.
I guess this will be great one day but it wasn't ready to be released. No, HBO, No Vudu and so many other things. For an open platform you can't beat ROKU. Not ready for primetime, that's all I can say.
So I came across the &#34;new&#34; Amazon Fire TV....Let us ponder this a moment. You hook it up to your HD, yes you have to have an HD TV. Okay, I am with this sooo far.So what is it? It gives you the capability to watch videos and shows through Amazon, Netflix, Hulu plus, etc. Well isn't that something, considering most HD TVs are internet capable, many have those same options built it. Then there are those of us who not only have a bluray that has the exact capabilities, but there is also the surround sound boxes that also have them. And let us not forget about new gaming systems. They have them too!So, my question to Amazon, why? Why are you trying to rip-off people by charging them $99 for something they most likely already have? This is a fail in my eyes.Just sayin.
I am planing to buy it, looks impressive.. somebody knows if works for south-america or is just for USA? AMAZON must publish if this gadget works outside from USA... the world is more than USA and Canada.
I am using Chromecast and very satisfied so far. First of all, FireTv start from buring your wallet. Too expensive for what it is. I might give a try for under reasonable $. I think $99 is Amazon theme song of 2014. They just put up the prime membership to 99 and now this? Really? Get the name for your device before running for to problem. I am Amazon prime member for almost two years, and I only watched two or three movies on Amazon instant video. There is now Amazon instant video app for android devices (I'm not sure how good it is where it is available.) The movies available for prime members don't work wasting your time streaming over your computer. I have Netflix and HBO with more options and they are compatible with Chromecast too. Youtube is even piece of cake on Google Chromecast! I can control from my phone, computer, or tablet. The only Firetv feature people might think it is cool is voice search. I bet you, you will get bored of it after couple weeks and. I really really really don't see purchasing Firetv for any purpose. I will take it for free and free two day prime shipping thou :)
Doesn't work.  Keeps freezing g up...claims it is my internet connection, but I have no problem with my wii internet connection.
The Fire Tv was good in many ways (ease of use, setup, streaming was very solid), but it fell short in a couple key ways.  First, there is almost no support for the device, except for an FAQ.  Which wouldn't be so bad, except when there are problems. Our problem started when we added the parental control. It's very easy to buy streaming videos accidentally, so I wanted to have the confirmation.  But the parental control goes online to check your password. So in the middle of streaming a movie, my wifi connection dropped, and in order to get back online, it has to confirm the password.  Which it needs to be online to do, so it never gets past the parental control screen.  I tried restarting, resetting to factory, everything seems to require the password, so I essentially have an Amazon fire paperweight, which I reluctantly returned.Anyway I hope this is helpful and hopefully they resolve these problems, but I'd probably give it some time to work out some of the kinks.
I have purchased several hundred items from Amazon but this has been one of the most disappointing. I bought this unit thinking it would be a great way to search across all digital providers (Netflix, Amazon, etc) and yet the voice search only works with Amazon Prime which is far too limiting.  The Roku 2 is a far superior unit and cheaper. I was very disappointed to learn that the search worked this way.  I moved the unit into a spare bedroom on a small TV and brought the Roku 2 back out for the big screen Plasma TV.  I wish I had never bought it.
Box works great, easy set up, but so far 99% of everything I find to want is not free, even on netflix. Blah
The basic problems:1) REALLY pushes the Amazon stuff. If you don't belong to Amazon Prime this is almost definitely not worth it. Roku is much easier to navigate, as is my smart TV. (I bought FireTV to give brains to a dumb TV.)2) REALLY buggy. This is just my own anecdote, but this device lost its mind when I first started it up (although admittedly it corrected itself with little interference from me). But for the past few days, it freezes when I try to run Netflix. And that has not self-corrected. In fact, I see no way to correct it other than restoring the default settings. UPDATE: unplugging fixed the Netflix app but the device has now crashed twice (light on but no output to TV).3) There are some addictive free games on here. You may not see this as a problem but Hill Climb Racing has stolen literally a couple days of my life. I would rather have them back, quite frankly. Not a fan of Angry Birds for the same reason. To each his own, so take this criticism as it relates to you.4) As addictive as it is, the game does not even fit on the screen. Critical things like your score and progress are cut off about 2/3 of the way down. Is that a 3 or a 5, no its a 6, no 8. You just can't tell unless you watch it change instead of playing the game. UPDATE: It turns out this was easily fixed by adjusting the screen settings. So the complaint is really that it was not done automatically, but it's fine now.5) The remote is better than most, but the two rows of buttons are exactly the same size and shape, so you will occasionally hit the wrong button if you try to use it entirely by feel, as you would when playing a game. Also, as is true for other such devices and remotes, there is no way to program this remote to control volume or TV power. So, really it's just yet another remote for your coffee table.6) If you watch a 4:3 show on a 16:9 screen, you get the worst of both worlds! At least in Netflix app, the picture is stretched to fit the wider screen but then the sides are lopped off to create a 4:3 picture. This corrects itself if you pause and unpause. Just another example of them not getting it quite right.About a week or so after buying this at a great price ($53 and not worth it) from Staples I got an email from Amazon asking me to answer a questionnaire about it. One question made me realize I bought this because I like Amazon so much. That is not such a good reason really.
I have tried to rewrite my review so that both technically inclined and the not so much can benefit:)Here are list of questions to ask your self before you buy something like this:Q1 - Is this right for you?A1 - If you have or are getting an Amazon Prime account and that is pretty much what you are going to stream aside from Netflix and Hulu One; then yes, this is a good fit for youQ2 - Will it work with my Apple Items?A2 - If you bought the Videos through iTunes, No.  If you bought music through iTunes, it might; MPA? No, MP3? Yes.Q3 - Do you have a lot of videos and music you have ripped yourself?A3 - This device supports a limited amount of video audio formats.  If you are using a lossless codec whether in Video (MKV) or Audio (FLAC); the answer is not supported.  If you have ripped your movies as ISO's, the answer is no.  So for the more advanced user...this is not the best choice.Q4 - What is the speed of this device?A4 - It depends on what you are doing or trying to do with the device.  It should run fairly well without any issues, the hardware is stable but the software...in this case, Android Jellybean is not really designed for Native HD video and sound.  It can do it, just not as well as software designed from the ground up to do it.Q5 - What is the wireless network speed?A5 - The wireless is a standard "N Class" which means theoretically, it will go as fast as anything else you have hooked up.  Jellybean has ALWAYS had problems with Dual Band Connectivity and so you will see this as slower than what you want to are happy with.Q6 - What is the "wired" speed?A6 - This is a standard 10/100 networking speed which was actually standard about 10 years ago.Q7 - I just want something to plug in and never have to hassle with and have it do what I want, is it right for me?A7 - Perhaps.  I have yet to come across a piece of equipment that will do that for somebody and while sometimes they are happy for a month or two...Q8 - I am a bit more technically inclined so is this right for me?A8 - No.  You will be much happier with a Minix Neo7 or something like that.  They will be rolling theirs out here in another couple of weeks if not sooner and the holdup has been getting KitKat on to them.Q9 - What other devices have you tried?A9 - I have an Apple TV 1st, 2nd & 3rd Generation, a WDTV Live and Live Hub, A Roku 3 and a Minix Neo7 with XBMC on it.  The Neo7 is nothing short of amazing and you can tell it was designed by people who enjoy devices like this.  XBMC for those who are wondering has been around for about 10 years so it is rock-solid stable.  The Amazon Fire is an iteration of a board room meeting where someone said lets put out an Apple Equivalent...Apple TV for iTunes, Amazon Fire for Prime.  Minix is the One Ring that rules them all...I do not address PLEX on this because I do not use PLEX and do not think it is worth the time.  I know people who love it, I know people who hate it.  But, with a good box, you should not need it.
I ordered this with high expectations..  I was suprised to find A little amount of content.  The voice search is cool but it only with amazon prime content.  So if i say &#34;youtube dave matthews&#34;  it doesn't open youtube and dave matthews.  It will give you an option to open youtube.  Apps?  What apps...  there is like 15.  My roku can rock out weather, ufc and JT.tv amongst a zillion other things.  Whats the point on having a massive engine &#34;internal specs&#34;  and no gas &#34;apps&#34;  This is an epic fail on Amazon's part.  This willl prally be good a year from now when apps are developed.  One other bonus,  you can flick media content from your Kindle to screen.  Um Who the hell owns a Kindle?,  and if you do,  have you heard of  Apple or Nexus?  Sorry for the Low grade Amazon.  I'll buy stuff all day long from you,  but this goes back..
MLB is not available...Last time I checked, the baseball season has already started.MLB and HBO are not available.What's the point?Returned it.
When oh when will Amazon realise that theres millions of more customers outside the USA that would love to have access to their products but sadly we cant...even more so in Ireland... c'mon Amazon... lets have a level playing field here... more money for you.
Amazon and Google both need to stop fighting over who is the bigger kid in the sandbox.The fact that YouTube is available both on iOS and on Apple TV, and Amazon Instant Video is available on iOS tells me the only reason I can't get YouTube on my Fire HDX and why it's not available on Fire TV is because mom and dad can't stop fighting.Well mom... I choose dad this time.
This makes a lot of sense why you can't do prime video on chromecast. Just pisses me off, I get it that you want to push your product but its something you sell but don't support.Prime video is on Samsung blu ray players, xbox, and other things why not Chromecast.
Lately ive been hearing the fuss and i just don't get it. Whats the deal with this Amazon fire? It didn't have gay porn channels, nor did it have Justin Bieber marathons. If amazon wants to keep my business then they better start being fair and air movies like Brokeback mountain and Justin Bieber Goes to Jail.
my modem is 6 ft. away from my fire tv and the wi fi reception is very good but it will cut off every couple of minutes,then couldn't even download anything.i'll rather wacth prime videos and Netflix on my computer or hook the cable from my computer to mu tv.waste of money and no is not my internet service my kindle works just fine 30ft away.
Parental Control is worthless. You either block all content or don't block anything and see it all, having kids at home this is a terrible downside,  I did extensive research before buying 2 for home and it never talks about how parental control works,  it just says that it has parental control.  Since this is so important for me, I tried to see how it works in the computer,  well, unfortunately the way it works in the computer is different from the fire TV box. In the computer, you can block by movie/tv rating, letting you see only the movies with ratings you allow.  On the fire TV box is block all or see all, the adult content is very wide and I just cant let my kids exposed to that.
You can't block content based on rating.  You either have to put your password in every time your kids want to watch a G-rated show or run the risk of them watching something inappropriate.  This is so disappointing.  I am returning it today.
It was reprogrammeinternally and after calling Amazon 3x to fix the issue it STILL does NOT work.  I thought I would receive a new one but now am told that would not solve the issue without explaining what will solve the issue.  I am at the point of shouting that fix it or I will return it and buy an Apple TV.
It's fair to say I have every device that competes directly with the Fire TV.  Every last one of them has an obvious means by which a backlit remote can speak with it.  Amazon was a little too arrogant.  In sacrificing universal remote compatibility, they leave me with two choices - memorize the locations of the buttons on their remote, or only use Fire TV in broad daylight, when I can see the buttons.I don't particularly want to speak with my remote control.  I don't think it's unreasonable of me to want to watch TV in a darkened room.  It also does not seem unreasonable to want to connect these set-top boxes to my Xantech IR remote system, and use my Harmony One remotes with them.  Whoever designed this thing thought it more important to make me sit through that ridiculous introductory video than to give me a way to work with this box as I do with every other.Amazon's FAQ doesn't cover this.  Their tech support was very prompt to answer the phone, and completely clueless - could not even tell me definitely whether the device has an IR pickup in it.
i bought it there is an 81 year old person that lives here and i thought voice command would be nice for him but i have a hulu plus account it wouldnt take it and other accts that i pay for would not use my accts wanted me to pay a ridicolous price i called amazon and hulu neither one said they could do anything they blamed each other took it back for a refund
Listen, I am basically an Amazon fanboy...I do a lot of shopping thru Amazon, so it pains me to write this review, but it's gotta be done.  Corporate stupidity just HAS to be addressed.I have a couple Roku's, a Google Chromecast, a couple TiVo's, etc.(1)  Voice search is nice, but searching overall is UNACCEPTABLE as it is NOT a universal search, like on Roku (i.e...search ALL sources for a movie, etc, not just Amazon).(2)  Will there EVER be a way, Amazon (are you listening?), to search Prime for the FREE content?  The Fire TV doesn't do it. Unacceptable.(3)  The Roku 3 has a headphone jack on the remote...BRILLIANT...this simply has to be a standard feature on these kinds of boxes...but the Fire TV does not have it.  Unacceptable.(4)  No HBOGO.  Unacceptable.(5)  No volume control.  OK, none of these boxes have what would be a VERY desirable feature...a volume control on the remote...so the Fire TV does not lack here compared to the competition, but it sure seems like Amazon should have figured out how desirable a volume control would be, and included it.(6)  Adding android apps is very hard for average users.
The hardware was nice. But once I started to use the Fire TV I encountered what many reviewers here, and most &#34;professional&#34; reviewers, have noted: access to free content (whether Prime or Netflix) is de-prioritized in the onscreen display in favor of pay content. Knowing that Amazon hardware exists to &#34;monetize&#34; the Amazon content, this was an intentional design on the part of the development team, and as a Prime subscriber it pissed me off.The lack of support for local content (a USB port that has no purpose) reflects this as well. Amazon makes no money when you play the video files you ripped from DVDs, or the MP3s you ripped from your CDs, so it's not worth the effort to support them.What is even more surprising is the lack of support for other features that exist on other Amazon hardware:  Amazon Cloud Player and Kid Zone, and the really lame support for &#34;second screen&#34; apps on Amazon's own tablets.The Fire TV was not ready to be launched when it did. Let's hope the team reads the reviews and makes the improvements that will make it a compelling choice over the Roku 3 (which it is not today) ... instead of wasting time and resources trying to recreate the Ouya experience and bring Android gaming to the HDTV (which - news flash - nobody wants).
The unit worked fine after it was hooked up.  Watched two movies.  Tried the next week and no dice.  We were unable to get any response from the handset.  I changed the batteries and it worked.  Next use was fruitless.  Same as the previous week.  I suspect the unit is faulty.
Does not play ANYTHING anymore.  I called Amazon, only to be put on the phone with multiple people with accents so thick, that I had no idea what they were saying.  After reaching Fire TV 'specialists,' I was told to clear my cache and data etc from the amazon apps and unplug the unit and restart.  I tried dozens of times, IT WILL NOT PLAY ANY CONTENT.  NONE.  No Netflix, no prime videos.This is typical 'Droid' crap.  My Apple TV works flawlessly, and has for several YEARS now without a hiccup.  Amazon can't even make their product work for a month or two.JUNK.  AVOID at all costs.
Only thing it works good for is Prime video.  I am a big plex user and the app looks very un-polished and the video/voice is horribly out of sync.  For some reason too the Fire uses ALOT more bandwidth over other streaming devices.  I also own a Roku 3 and would highly recommend it over the Fire any day.
This simply was a disappointing product all around. I have many tech items and aware of what I was purchasing, but not realized how gimped this product is in many areas. Returned after 2 days. I'll explain why.For one, 8 gig storage space for apps when some of the gaming apps on this system almost 2 gigs and there is only 5.4 gigs available to you is simply unacceptable without some storage solution via a USB port. Sorry, I don't feel like installing or uninstalling items all the time.Second disturbing thing about this product is what you download to it, is non accessible offline. That is right folks, you cannot use it unless you are completely online all the time. Let's supposed I want to play my games that Ive downloaded on my Fire TV and im away from home and no access to internet. Guess what, tough luck. Reeks of the DRM idea that Microsoft tried with the Xbox One and completely ruined their image.The apps in the Amazon store say that a certain game uses a game controller. Guess what, the game controller doesn't work. NBA 2k14 was compatible with the Amazon controllers. Now its not. But yet, the app is pushed on the store to purchase but no supported way to control the game. Ridiculous.The game controller...don't get me started. Dead zones galore. Half the games weren't responsive to it at all unless I yanked the analog controller all the way in the direction I wanted it to go. Ugh. Save yourself $100 and get an Ouya or save for a retro style system. Please do not purchase this for the sake of gaming.The last thing is Netflix is not even updated. It is the same app I have on my Smart TV that Ive had for a couple of years. No update, no nothing.But the Amazon Fire TV is recommended for those who don't game regularly, an older person who just wants something basic, and someone who has Amazon Prime. If not, stick with a Roku for your Netflix or your gaming system for that matter. The PS3 Netflix app blows this one way out of the water.
To be honest, The ROKU player is much easier to use than the Amazon Fire TV.  It is easier to set-up channels.
I have a Chromecast & Roku 3, and wanted to see how this compares with them in terms of streaming content. After using the FireTV for a couple days, I am disappointed that all of the neat features funnel you only to Amazon's own video content. Voice search only works for Amazon content and I found this to be extremely disappointing. I have a Netflix account, searched for &#34;Scandal&#34; and it works great except is prompts you to purchase individual episodes. I currently have Netflix and &#34;Scandal&#34; is available for FREE! (after my monthly subscription).I don't want a box that pushes me to purchase Amazon content when I can stream it for free on Netflix. I'm sticking with my Roku 3 which searches content across multiple services (Netflix, Amazon, Hulu, Vudu, etc.) and shows results from all services (and notes which ones can stream for free based on your subscriptions). If you are looking for a streaming player that doesn't direct you to Amazon, I would look at the Roku 3. Have been using my Roku 3 for months now and love it!
I bought this mainly for use with Netflix, Amazon Prime streaming, and Hulu.  I thought it would be a really cool device and better than using my PS3 or built-in smart TV apps.  The setup is really easy and the device is slick.However, once starting to get going with it during the first several hours of use, it was using way too much bandwidth to download different content in the background that the image quality was low (worse than Netflix on my Wii) and all the streaming video had to rebuffer.  The content was therefore unwatchable.  My ISP isn't super fast (7 mbps), but that is far greater than the minimum connection speed Fire TV told me (during the rebuffering) was needed of 800 kbps.I wanted to love this thing--but it terrible in its current form and I'm sending it back on the same day I got it.  :-(
I never was able to get it working. It couldn't install the first firmware upddate. I don't recommended this product.
This device is a waste of money and I will have to return it. It has problems connecting wirelessly and even so drops connection often.
stuck in software update loop, after 12 hours of it connected to my network still won't get past software update....will return tomorrow
Ok, I was really stoked for this box, I'm not a hater who doesn't want to give this a chance like some of the posters here, but I've had a less than stellar experience.Got the Fire TV this afternoon, sweet, unpackaged, ready to go. Plug it in and told it needs an update, fair enough as an Xbox 1 owner, I know the drill. Sometime later, I eventually get a lovely screen proclaiming "Unable to update your Amazon Fire TV" "blah blah blah contact support".I'm no Ron Swanson, but I am a man, so of course I spend the next 4 hours trying everything I know to see if the issue is on my end rather than contact tech support. Heck, I'm the guy all my friends and family call when they need tech support, I got this right?Wrong. I tried everything, wired, wireless, DHCP, static, DMZ, check firewall ports, even taking the router out of the equation, keep getting a message that it can't connect to get the update. Tried over a period of 7 hours in case it was just busy network, product launch and all. Still no dice, it won't let me do anything as it needs to update, so it's talking to the Amazon servers, but refuses to get the update, which could still be a server issue and nothing wrong with the box, fair enough.BUT.. The great thing about the horrible design is that I'm essentially left with a brick, as I cannot do anything with the stupid box without doing the update. I can't go to the home screen, can't check out the UI, can't do anything but be openly mocked by it. Really Amazon? What muppet allowed that through? It won't even go to a menu so I can at least mess around with it, just an instruction screen telling me to contact support.Beaten and emasculated, I finally contact tech support, only to be told to try everything on the support page (I already pointed out I'd been there and done that, but no t-shirt), which I did once more and still nothing. Support then told me that as the product is new, they're not trained on it so they'll have to get me a specialist. Okey dokey, I'm ok with that, I understand that, as well as the fact I'm probably paying to be a Beta Tester but whatever, I just want it to work.Well after getting bounced around and put on hold for 15 minutes, support hung up on me. I never even got a chance to raise my voice dammit. I think I'm gonna use it to hurl at the overabundance of hipsters we have here in the Bay Area, as that's all the Fire TV is any good for now.And yeah, I'm a moron, paid for 1 day shipping for this and a controller, first world problems huh?UPDATE:Finally spoke to a guy in support, as soon as I told him that I was stuck in an update loop he asked if I wanted a return or a new one, so went for the return. I'm guessing my issue is now a known issue. The soonest they could have got me a new one was Monday, and considering I'd paid one day shipping, and then wasted almost a day trying to get it to work, I'm over it. I'm definitely a little sad, as I was really looking forward to seeing what this box could do. I'm jealous of those of you that are having a good experience, maybe I'll try again in the future once they've figured it out, or wait to see if Apple or Roku come out with something better.
I am a certified Amazon fangirl, and I was really hyped when this was announced, but we waited a bit, and were pleased when Amazon offered us a free 30-day trial of the Fire TV. Cool, I figured I would end up keeping it. It's Amazon, yo!Uhh, it worked alright for about two hours... the boyfriend got to watch some old Batman cartoons on Prime. But when we went to watch Boardwalk Empire together... we ended up staring at a blank screen. Reset the damn thing 3 times, nothing. Maybe it's the video? So I picked something else on Prime. Nope, blank screen. Not even Batman would play anymore.Really, Amazon? REALLY? Why didn't you test this thing before sending it out. Isn't the point of a trial to get me to keep it and pay for it? Even for the short time it did work, it didn't do anything my PS3 doesn't already do.Add to that, the search function for Prime is ridiculous. You can't search for the Prime-enabled content, because of course they want you to end up buying the other junk.Voice search was cool, but it only works for Prime, so what's the point, if it doesn't work for all the other apps?Come on, Amazon. I expect way more from you. Utterly disappointed. The Fire TV has been out of the box for less than a day, and it's going back into the box immediately. My trial is over. :(
Needs to be versatile enough to work with Directv and on TVs are HD but don't have HDMI ports.
I have to compare it to the standard in set top boxes, which is currently Roku 3. It is smooth and fast. I find the interface strange and jumbled. Initial setup was fairly easy. In fact maybe too easy, I would like some more customization.Apps are almost the same, as of now it does not have all the garbage Roku has, but in time I am sure it will have 3 million religious programs..Now the game stopper, the WTF, the how could this be moment. No Amazon MP3 player. Are you fricking kidding me?It is YOUR app. It is mind boggling you sent it out without it.1 week in update: Many lockups. Hulu and Netflix stop continually. At times the system seems in lala land. Still no Amazon cloud player for my Amazon purchased music.Pro's: Side loading is kind of neat. Although very hit or miss.I am still withholding a thumbs up or down. It has potential. Yet it is about half of what the gold standard of Roku offers in terms of stability, UX and off the shelf apps.I dropped it to 2 stars because at least it powers on. However doing the stuff it us supposed to do like streaming and general enjoyment is a HUGE FAIL.Have officially went back to Roku 3. Now to dump this on an unsuspecting "friend".
It's the same price as an Apple TV.  It's more expensive than some blu ray players that have Netflix and Amazon instant video built in.The problems:1. Netflix on the Fire TV seems impossible to coax to display video above 480p.  One time it did and then about a minute later, it switched back to 480p.  This is unwatchable.2. I have a blu ray player with Amazon video built in and I played the same movie both using the Amazon video app on my blu ray player and the Fire TV.  The quality on the blu ray player was vastly better.  The Fire TV version looked overcompressed or something - areas that should be smooth color transitions of color had bad compression artifacts.  My blu ray player is a few years old - the Fire TV is the brand new latest/greatest technology.3. Something that would be nice to be able to do is use display mirroring on my Kindle to pipe the audio through my receiver (and thus my good speakers) but not have to turn my TV on to do so.  For example, if I want to listen to Amazon Prime music on the good speaker system, I wouldn't have any need/desire to run the TV to do that.  I have no idea if this is the fault of my receiver or if the Fire TV, but if I turn off my television, no sound from the Fire TV comes out of my speakers.  If I try and connect my Kindle to display mirroring while the TV is off, it declines to do so.  I have an Apple TV and this exact scenario works just fine with my Apple TV - I can connect iTunes to my Apple TV and pipe music through the receiver and speakers, even if my television is turned off.  If I play an Amazon movie on the Fire TV and turn off my television, the audio will still be played through my speakers (which isn't especially useful), but I can't push the Kindle's audio to the Fire TV.4. The display mirroring function needs some kind of zoom feature.  I have a Kindle Fire HDX 7&#34;.  The screen is slightly taller than 16x9 and so if I do display mirroring, there are black bars on either side of the screen.  Okay, fine, but if I'm watching a 16x9 video, it needs to be smart enough to remove the black bars on its own or else let me zoom in.5. The remote is really annoying.  They took the minimalist concept from the Apple TV, but then did it not as well.  It required more pressure to click the rocker than it does on the Apple TV and your thumb will get tired if you have to &#34;type&#34; anything.  By the way, if you have an Apple TV, there is a remote app for your iPod/iPad/iPhone that any time you have to enter text will let you do so on your device rather than using the hunt and peck method with the remote.6. The interface is fine when it's a touchscreen tablet.  I'm not an Apple homer by any means - I like the Kindle interface on the Kindle and find it much better than the iPod/iPad/iPhone interface because I don't have to hunt for the things I frequently use.  But just because something is a good touchscreen interface doesn't mean it will be a good television interface where you're controlling it with one directional rocker instead of swiping.
I wanted to love this, but can't.  I have used it for a week and Netflix has froze 3 times with a white screen requiring a in lug of the unit. Finding free amazon content is almost impossible if you just want to browse.  Can only use voice search on amazon stuff a huge disappointment. Power is always on there is no power button.  My Vizio tv has Netflix and Amazon so why did I buy this again? Very disappointed.
I have had a ROKU for years and I just wanted to see what all the hype was about, I will keep this Amazon fire as a back up maybe but I would never part with my ROKU. The AZ FIRE is not easy to use or negotiate and it has very limited apps. I can go to my ROKU and move around very quickly thru all the apps and the AZ is confusing. It may have more apps than I could find and it has something called the &#34;coins&#34; system wherein you can purchase apps with your coins. You are given  coins to start with and move on from there,I am sadly disappointed in this product and that is not easy to say since I love Amazon for everything else. I would not recommend this for purchase.
I followed all the instructions, the ethernet cable and watched the online presentation trying to figure out for a week how to get this internet connection rolling. Punching in codes (internet gateway and what not) several times only to have it repeat 'no connection' does not inspire confidence in this product. It is very frustrating to hear 'how easy' it is for others. I have great internet with my computer, laptop and ipad but not this.
1 star: Mostly because it sat on my tv stand and was never used. If I wasn't already into Apple for content and apps and hardware... this may have been a MUCH better deal for me.
It is clearly a piece of crap which I will return. The first Amazon Fire TV that they sent me did not install and customer service determined it was defective. It was hard enough trying to figure out how to get in touch with technical support customer service. The second Amazon Fire TV that they sent did not install easily and when it was finally installed it kept stopping during the movie and telling me that I had no internet connection.  I sent an e-mail to Amazon, they sent me detailed instructions on how to &#34;clear data&#34;. Amazon CS said that &#34;clearing the data&#34; would solve the constant re-buffering problem. I followed the instructions for &#34;clearing data&#34; and I  still kept getting a message saying that my internet connection was lost .  I kept having to have to unplug the device and start over. Then it started telling me that my internet connection was too slow and it would stop streaming.  It would attempt to re-buffer the film but the film would never start again. I just turned the TV off and started watching the film on my laptop.  I will return the Amazon Fire TV and accompanying game device next week.I have a google chrome computer which streams videos on my TV easily from the internet without all of this bull crap. Google chrome and Amazon can't get together and allow their individual products to interface with one another.  Amazon should just interface with Google chrome and allow Google chrome to stream  Amazon Prime.  Amazon has wasted much time and effort and they have annoyed me and caused me to waste a lot of my time and effort and ultimately tried to rob me.  They will have to refund my money, this trash does not work and it does not deliver what is promised.
I was really looking forward to using what was hyped as an amazing piece of entertainment equipment, but the actual experience falls short.Pros:+ User interface and underlying hardware is fast+ Form factor of the device and remote control is very sleek+ Plays games fairly well, especially for such a small box+ Quality of Amazon videos is very good+ Voice search works quite well+ The device came pre-configured for my Amazon account.  I just plugged it in, updated the software, and away I wentCons:- First and foremost, there is STILL no way to search for only free movies on Prime.- Amazon touts it's 40,000 Prime movies available, but good luck finding them.  There is no categorization by genre.  You are stuck surfing through dumb lists of movies, or using the search function, which almost never returns any Prime movies- Voice search works only on Amazon content.  You cannot use this to search within Netflix, for example- The Amazon FireTV box only comes with 8GB of memory for game and app storage, which is completely inadequate.  There are games available for download that consume almost 2GB for ONE GAME.  Good luck downloading a 1.76GB game, like the racing game featured in the list of top games.Clearly, Amazon is marketing this device as a way to push its video content.  In the help video that automatically plays the first time you use the device, it even offers you a 30 day Prime membership for free to try it out.  However, Amazon has no incentive to help you actually search for and find this free content.  It's clearly evident in the lack of ability to filter search results on free Prime content only.  This is my biggest beef with Amazon, by far.  I want a Netflix-like experience, where my Prime content is sorted by genre, and I can search for free movies only.  Now, if you want to pay for video rentals, by all means buy this device, because it works really well.  If you want it to access your Prime content only, stick to the Roku box you probably already have, because it works just as good.UPDATE:I called customer service, and talked to a guy about how I can search for and access my 40,000 Prime movies.  Well....YOU CAN'T!!!!  According to him, I can only find the Prime movies on the two lists on FireTV that say "Recently added to Prime" and "Top Prime Movies".  Those lists are 73 items, and 150 items, respectively.  THERE IS NO WAY TO SEARCH OR BROWSE FREE PRIME CONTENT ONLY.  The guy I talked to said this was a very common request for people.  OF COURSE IT IS.  I don't want to pay for video rentals if I just paid for a Prime membership to access free content.  AMAZON COMPLETELY FAILED.  I AM RETURNING THE FIRE TV.
Won't recognize my Wi-Fi network to authenticate, so it is never connected to the internet, which makes it a $100 paper weight. Called customer service and the gentlemen didnt know what a Fire TV was. Finally got to a someone that did and he said he needed to escalate it to the engineers. Still haven't heard back.Very disappointing amazon. Very disappointing.
I have upgraded my wireless and I can start my apps (Hulu and Netflix) but the shows won't stream, to make matters more insulting, the effen tv commercials on Hulu will play crystal clear without streaming the show. What gives? I can even throw the laptop onto HDMI (quality HD) and it works fine.If you're going to roll out a new product you should at least have adequate customer service.  Y'all need to figure out the chat to phone transfer, the customer information should auto transfer or the peeps behind the scenes should transfer the information for a seamless transfer, even with &#34;different departments&#34;, after all, you are one company!!!!!!!!
Why each time go to the update screen, and then the screen turn to write color and nothing to happen, for a long time, I mean did not update....what happen? should I return it?
I bought this to use with Plex which was advertised as a launch app.  But apparently something changed between the pre-production and the production version, because the device doesn't pass Dolby Digital 5.1 or DTS sound as it apparently did correctly in pre-production testing.  So that kills it for me.Second, the much-vaunted Search-by-Voice feature only works with Amazon TV shows, not with any non-Amazon content.  To me, that's false advertising by omission.Fix those two problems and you've got a 5-star device.  As it is, it's useless to me.
I purchase almost everything with the exception of food from Amazon. I have been a prime member since the inception of the program. Without exception, I have always received EXCELLENT customer service. Until now. I'm having difficulty with my Fire TV connecting to my wifi. Last Saturday I spent approximately 1- hours (maybe 2) troubleshooting with two women techs on the phone. "Mary" (who I was passed to from the first tech because of her expertise) said she thought it wasn't just a problem unique to me and asked me if she could call me back on Sunday after researching the problem. I had no problem with that. No call on Sunday so I called on Monday. Much to my surprise, there was no record of my call attached to my file. The rep was confused as to whether I was talking about fire wire or Fire TV so I was first sent to a different department. Finally, I got through that fire wire was not the same as Fire TV and I was transferred back to digital. We went through the same troubleshooting taking up a lot of my time. I was willing to do it until we were going around in circles and my phone was running out of juice. The gentleman asked me if he could research and call me later in the day. NO CALL. It's Tuesday--still no call.It really pains me to have to say anything negative about Amazon's Customer Service as it has NEVER BEEN LESS THAN EXCELLENT IN THE PAST.  I've noticed I haven't gotten a survey as I usually do after a customer service call. Whoever Amazon has farmed out their digital customer service to will ruin their excellent customer service reputation and they will lose sales because of it. I'm going to wager a bet that there is no record of the 3-4 hours of my time on the phone trying to solve a problem and no record of two promises to call me back. I would have had more respect for these reps if I had received a call saying they were sorry, but they weren't able to come up with a solution for me.I'm hoping Amazon has kept a record of my past reviews and will review my account and see just how much I've spent over the years as a loyal customer. I'm very disappointed that I had to write this review, and I'm hoping someone who can change things reads this and saves Amazon's reputation. I can't be the only one receiving this kind of treatment. It's obvious that the people who are "techs" for Fire TV are not the same techs that I've dealt with in the past. In fact, I don't think they are even in the same country. What a pity.
I received my Fire TV a week ago.Installation was no brainer, took 2 minutes.Remote works well, though voice search needs improvement.Navigation works well.2 problems:1. Deceptive information by Amazon.com: I bought the device primarily for free streaming &#34;thousands&#34; of movies and TV shows and old HBO series. I started to watch one such HBO show, &#34;Broadwalk Empire.&#34; Clearly marked as &#34;Prime,&#34; meaning no extra charge. What wasn't said, and extremely deceptive, is the fact that only some episodes at the beginning are free, than you need to pay for each episode although I'm a &#34;Prime&#34; member, and since inception. Sneaky and deceptive....if I knew that I needed to buy after certain number of free episodes, I wouldn't start watching it. Amazon marked it as &#34;Prime,&#34; implying that it is free, while it is not except for the some episodes....sneeky and very deceptive.2. Several times in 1 week the streaming stopped and it took 2 to 20 minutes each time to resume. I have extremely fast cable connection (check the strength often), and each time I had this problem the modem and the router was functioning well, i.e. not related to connection issues.
Did not work with our Internet service. We live where we can only use wireless Internet through VERIZON.  So sad it didn't work.
I really wanted to like this device. While the voice search feature is nice, there are too many negatives associated with this device. It intermittently lost audio, the bluetooth connection was intermittent, the video quality was poor, and the video often froze during playback.The problems are not related to my Internet service speed (50 Mbps) or my wi-fi network. I have multiple other devices (e.g. Roku players, Apple TV, Xbox One, and PS3) that have none of these problems.I was excited to see Flixster as it offers access to the Vudu content I have purchased -- via UltraViolet. All of my content was there; however, playback via Fire TV is limited to SD. Really!?I hope Amazon is able to work through these issues. As is however, this device is not worth $99 and I will be returning mine until such time these issues get worked out.
I am a real owner of the Fire TV, and also the Roku 3, Apple TV and G-Box MX2 by Matricom. I've been anticipating the fire tv since I first heard about it and really wanted to love this box. Unfortunately it just misses the mark on every ground that I expected it would excel. First of all, it took about an hour to get the device to boot all the way in. It had to download a few updates then forces you to watch a long video. If you try to bypass the video it just restarts. Finally after waiting for the video to finish I got in. The user interface is ugly, but clean. Surprisiginly being so simple the interface still gets laggy when moving quickly through the menus.First thing I noticed is the wifi is weaker than my other streaming boxes (Roku/ATV/MX2). I couldnt even use it in the bedroom I wanted to replace my Roku 3 in because it wouldnt stream from that far. The Roku of course streams fine from this room. I had to move it to the living room instead.This thing is just plain exasperating to use. If you want to watch a Prime movie or video, no problem - pretty much everything else is just too much for the box's processing power. Playing games on this thing will make you pull your hair out from all the jittery laggy moments when everything just freezes for a split second. For games like Minecraft, this box is fine but for action games like Asphalt 8 and Sev Zero - the lack of power this box has really shows. Furthermore this is the 600 series Snapdragon processor. It's rather a joke by today's standards. It will NEVER do 2K or 4K video decoding. Something "this revolutionary" should at LEAST have hardware capable of TVs being sold on the market today.The voice recognition is the worst I have ever experienced. Not only does it take approximately 10 seconds for the box to "think" about what you said, half of the time it doesn't come close to getting it right. This feature is more annoying than it is useful.I installed the latest XBMC Gotham using ADB. The video playback is choppy and erratic for any HD content. Although it plays standard definition content without a problem this player can't be taken seriously for XBMC with choppy / erratic HD playback. Since I didn't expect XBMC to work properly anyways I didn't judge my review based on this point.Like many complained already, there's no HBOGo. For me it's not a deal breaker, however the lack of support for local media playback, no 4K video decoding, DLNA issues, VERY limited media file format compatibility, VERY laggy/stuttering game playback is just a few of the reasons I'm going to return this thing. Maybe it will get better in the future, but after my day's run with this thing it feels like it was rushed to market and still needs some refining.The best thing I see useful with this box is Amazon Prime, but overall I feel like this box is just another way for Amazon to get more subscribers to Prime. Without Prime this box wouldn't be nearly as useful.Overall I am not impressed at all. I prefer my G-Box over all of my streaming devices, but the Fire TV is going back home to Amazon.
Terrible. Major problems with audio, games don't load right. Very sneaky content screening, it will charge you for movies on prime even if you already are a member etc.Don't buy this, wait for version 2.
As a very dedicated, loyal Amazon Prime shopper and Instant Video viewer, I was very much looking forward to streaming with the new Fire TV that I had ordered from Amazon on the first day it was offered for sale.  Normally I wait until a new product has a proven success rate before I order it but in this case I was sure this product was for me.Since I generally only stream Prime movies and TV shows, I was impressed by the potential for four times faster buffering, voice search and the many other features highlighted on the product page and in news articles.  I thought that this device would suit me better than the ROKU XD because it would be totally dedicated to the Amazon Video offerings I enjoy so much and I would not have to wait as long for the video to load.  It was also advertised as "plug and play."The unit arrived around noon yesterday via UPS Prime shipping.  After connecting the device to the TV, I put the batteries in the remote and turned everything on.  The colorful Amazon splash welcome screen appeared and then a notice that the device was searching for the remote and could not find it.  I followed the instructions to push the remote's home button for a number of seconds but the Fire TV still could not find it.  I checked the batteries, then pushed all the buttons, placed the remote near the device and still no recognition.  Finally, I just shut everything down, restarted the Fire TV  and the remote was finally recognized.  I stupidly thought everything would now work okay, but boy, was I wrong!After restarting, the Amazon splash screen again appeared and I was then asked to choose my wifi network and sign in.  The device connected immediately and began to slowly load an update.  After a very long time, probably twenty minutes or so, a notice on the screen stated that the installation process would now begin.  After the installation progress bar moved to the end (update finished), the screen went completely white and froze.  After waiting five minutes I then disconnected the unit's AC adapter, waited a minute and then reconnected it.  During the restart, the Fire showed the splash screen and I was again asked to sign in to my wifi network.  The Fire stated it was checking for updates but did not find any. Eventually another frozen white screen appeared.  I continued to restart the device numerous times with the same general result as before, only sometimes the screen would freeze up black instead of white.  Eventually during these restarts, the Fire would automatically connect to my wifi network but the screen would still freeze afterwards to black or white.  Even though my device arrived preregistered, I never saw a home page or the introduction video that was supposed to be displayed during the set up process.  So much for "PLUG & PLAY."All during this long disappointing and stressful restarting time period I was using my iPad Air to check the Amazon Fire TV support page for help, but the information posted, including the trouble shooting guide was useless in this situation.The Fire TV product page reviews gave me much more information.  I discovered that a very large number of other verified buyers were also experiencing the same or similar problems.  Even a goodly number of the working models seem to be experiencing some problems that should not be.  According to a number of buyers, Amazon customer telephone support was also very lacking in knowledge of the product.  Based upon the reviews and comments, there probably is a fifty percent chance that a buyer will receive a dud instead of the promised perfect video streamer.All of this leads me to believe that the device was evidently not field tested properly before its premature release.  We buyers were expected to do the testing.As a result of all of this I decided to return the Fire TV for a full refund instead of requesting a replacement.  The odds of getting another dud and wasting more of my time are too high.  I will continue to use my trusty and easy to set up and use ROKU XD to enjoy my Prime Video.
Either lower the price or include a prime membership with purchase.  Not worth $99 when you factor in you need another $99 for prime membership and $50 for gaming remote.  Voice search is an awesome feature until you find out it only works with Amazon instant video.  Hardware is nice and sleek,  Very easy to use, just not worth $99.  Be ready to have to filter through all of Amazon's video titles as they do not have an option to only search only PRIME material that you pay for.  Do not recommend at this price point
I do not like this product for the following:  the product constantly loses connectivity to the network.  It regularly gives a network error and I have to disconnect it and restart it again or I have to forget the wireless connection and reenter the wireless password. If the kids are playing a game, it freezes. It does connect to my wireless, but the connection is regularly dropped.I also have the Roku 2 XS which I have been using for the past 6 months.  There have been no issues with the Roku as far as wireless connectivity no matter how many people are on the network.
I was really hoping to replace my Roku however Amazon Fire TV is missing is HBO Go, MLB.TV, NHL GameCenter, NBA League Pass, Epix, Vudu, SlingPlayer, Major League Soccer, Redbox, WWE Network all content services that my Roku box currently have and I use and I use 8 of those all the time.  It takes far longer to use Amazon&#8217;s text based search function, having to first change the search default from voice to text. Then you have to do three steps just to get into the text search area and scroll through letters from A-Z, punching in each one manually. For ease of use, speed and simplicity, Roku&#8217;s text based search beats Amazon&#8217;s Fire TV hands down.  My thought is now the Amazon Fire TV is clunky, un-polished and missing tons of content filled with useless content. If all you have is a subscription to Amazon Prime, then this box might suit you just fine. But if you want to do more than just stream content from Amazon and want a box that doesn&#8217;t feel like it&#8217;s in beta, don&#8217;t pick the Amazon Fire TV.  I sent mine back maybe Amazon Fire TV2 will be better.
I am very disappointed in the Fire TV. Can't use my Vudu. I wish I had purchased Roku or another bluray
Aids. The shortest and simplest term I can use to explain the functionality of Netflix on the FireTV. It is atrocious, if you aren't crashing...you're dealing with the year 2000 UI to try and find movies you have full access to and 100x better access too on a tablet that's laying next to you.While the FireTV is fast & works well with things like Plex for streaming personal media, it seems to have little support from large brands like Netflix, Hulu, etc.It's gotten to the point I can't even get Netflix to play an episode of anything on FireTV without reseting the box. Absolutely atrocious.
Received my Fire TV on the 9th.  Prompt shipping by Amazon.  Batteries included were dead (from reading many reviews before ordering, I'm not alone).  Batteries were a minor inconvenience.  Now, the major inconvenience.  It would not / could not find or connect to my wi-fi network.  When it searched for a network on the initial set-up, it found my neighbor's down the street - but not mine 12 feet away.  Unplugged it and tried again.  From that point on, it did not even give me network connection options on the screen.  Just a blank screen except for the words "connect to a network".  The remote would not let me do anything.  After several attempts, called Amazon.  Chris, there, was as helpful as he could be.  I made it clear to him that I have a half dozen other devices (including 2 Kindle Fire's) that have no problems connecting.  The conclusion is the unit is defective.  Amazon is sending me another.  Defects happen and I really hope the replacement has a better "nose" for sniffing out my network.  Because of my call to Amazon, I found out there is a way to reset the Fire TV to factory settings (which, of course, in my situation - did not solve the problem).  To reset: hold down the right directional area on the navigation button and the back arrow button at the same time - for 15 seconds.  When I receive my replacement, I will update and hopefully be able to give this "puppy" 5 stars.UPDATE 4-13-14:  Got the replacement in Friday.  VERY disappointed.  Sending it back.  My 2 year old Xbox 360 streams Amazon Prime videos MUCH better than this "the latest thing" device.
I have Amazon prime and have been an Amazon fan for years.  I anxiously awaited the arrival of this box.  I plugged it all in, got started and came to a screen that said I needed to update the software.  That was puzzling to me because this has just been released and already a software update?  Why not have that done when shipping out the first boxes produced?  I attempted to download the software.... and attempted.... and attempted... this went on for over 8 hours with countless attempts.  (Probably more than 100).  Sometimes it wouldn't begin the download at all.  Sometimes I would get part way through the download and it would stop and say it couldn't be downloaded.  I called customer service.  I was told that their experiences with this showed that if you connect it to an Ethernet cable it would probably work.  (She said it needed a good connection). I tried that multiple times and that failed.  The other suggestion was to leave the screen alone after the download failed and it would probably start again and finish.  I left the thing on overnight.  Tried again the next day several times and I have finally given up.  I so wanted this to work.  I wanted to watch my purchased prime movies and shows on my tv.  I was so excited for this box for that reason.  Now I'm back to square one watching them on my laptop.  I am beyond frustrated and now I have to pay for return shipping.  I have no idea if I would have enjoyed it because I could never get past the initial download screen.  Save your money.
half the show on prime won't load and the movies are always buffering. I have great internet service and my Apple TV works just fine with it. I only buy it to watch things on Amazon Prime and I can't even do that.
Does not have near the streaming opportunities the Roku has. The search on the Roku is almost much more inclusive.  Thanks for the free trial!
I thought i would realy enjoy it, but i found it disconects alot, restart and the arabic channels i watch gone one after another. When it comes to movies, there are alot of movies, very new and all types but they also stop at some point whilst im watching, sometime more than once and i have to restart the device and then i loose interest in the movie itself! I myself would not recommend it to anybody. Btw my internet is realy fast speed 50 from RCN
The Amazon Fire TV did not work. Customer support asked me to get another HDMI cable. I purchased a $30 cable from Best Buy. It did not work either. Called customer support again. This was an awful experience. He asked the same questions over and over. I finally spoke to his supervisor, who agreed to send a replacement. Got the replacement today and hooked it up using a third HDMI cable. This cable works fine to connect my grandsons' X-Box to my TV. When the replacement was set up with power cable and HDMI cable, It still did not work. I am unable to get a Home Screen. Since I ordered the Amazon Fire TV for my grandsons to use while they were here, it is pointless to try to get a replacement. I received the first one on Friday 20 June. The second arrived on Monday 23 June. By the time I get a third one, it will be almost time for them to leave. All products purchased previously from Amazon have been great, so I was confident that this would be good as well. I've lost some faith in Amazon for sure.
It pains me to write this, because I am a loyal AmazonPrime, Kindle and Audible.com member, but the product that I received is a fail.I have been &#34;setting up&#34; for over two hours.  I have a wireless network that downloads at 20+MPS and downloads between 12-15 MPS as measured exactly where the device is located.  I have been through two complete, painfully slow &#34;network updates&#34; during the which the device indicates that I have a &#34;slow internet connection&#34; (meanwhile multiple other wireless devices are working flawlessly throughout the house and immediately near this device) .  After the &#34;download&#34; indicates that it is complete, the installation fails part way through and the device resets and begins again on a software download.Kind of like &#34;Ground Hog Day&#34; - but this device is not learning.The only thing that I can compare this to is internet dialup in the early 1990's.  I remember ATT Worldnet used to take endless time to download and fail on Washington Post content.  Jeff Bezos, did you use some of that old ATT Worldnet software that the Washington Post had in a dusty storage corner?I have Verizon FIOS to the house at 50/25 and the wireless speeds indicated above.I watched the various &#34;unpacking&#34; videos on YouTube and am glad that that early testers were able to get their devices to work.All I get after each software update and installation is:&#34;System update is not successful at this time, Amazin Fire TV will restart in a few minutes&#34;Maybe Gary Busey is the appropriate spokesman for this product.....I guess I will send the AmazonFire back.  Very disappointing to release a product or a product that relies upon network support system for downloading firmware-type software upon its initial release.  It is does require such massive firmware downloads, the  Amazon network should be able to provide the support to enable the device to function.Since I started drafting this review, the device went through another &#34;software update, installation, installation unsuccessful&#34; cycle.Signed,Sad, sad Amazon Prime customer. &#34;Partying like its 1993&#34;
Out of the box mine updated and setup fine. - No ProblemsMy biggest complaint is that Voice Search only searches Amazon and a very few things from HuluPlus...  Should search ALL content from at least the Big 3 (Netflix, AmazonPrime & HuluPlus)Had some picture glitches on HuluPlus & Netflix.  I switched over to my Roku3 on the same content and worked just fine...I didn't like the Menus...  Not as easy as Roku...Netflix looks and works WAY BETTER on Roku3...I think this might become a player in the market that Roku owns...  Maybe...  But has too many problems for me to bet on that at full price...  I might buy one later when they go on sale and the software's been tweaked... Along with more channels added...Considering you can buy a Roku 3 for the same money or less, with a HUGE list of public & private channels, also search that really works...  The Fire TV is, at this point, a very bad choice...  Don't pay them list price to be a Fire TV Beta Tester...
Highly recommended - if you can't log into Netflix after providing your login and password - it doesn't recognize your Netflix account - go to Amazon Fire setup - delete the Netflix app - reload the Netflix app - and it will work. I think initially the Netflix app sometimes gets confused with all the Amazon Fire updates - even after they complete.The Amazon Fire device works very well.Update 4/27/2014Unfortunately the good times did not continue - so it lasted about 2 weeks. The box began to insert noise into the video and then was incapable of producing a continuous video signal. To eliminate a potential LAN connection issue from the problem, I disconnected it from my LAN, unplugged it and then re-powered it up - it still, with no lan connection, could not generate the introductory video one gets on initialization. Lots of noise with flashes of video. Certainly a bad box. I attempted to return it for a replacement (as a defective unit) - but was only allowed to return it for a refund. I'm returning it for the refund and buying a Roku 3 instead.
There was a flaw in the machine that I received.  For some reason, it would not transmit sound to the subwoofers.  So I sent it back.I will admit that the voice-activated search was cool, but the programming is not near as complete as the Roku systems that I currently use.
==The Good==* You can watch amazon prime, netflix, and many other streaming videos* You can buy plenty of digital movies on amazon* You can play some games, and I hope this gets better over time==The Bad and not so good==* NO USB - sorry, if you have a huge collection of digital movies, they won't play on this device* The game collection is pretty limited* Less than 5 GB of usable space, and many games over 1 GB... with no option of external storage! Does anyone see a problem here?? Why bother selling a game controller for a system that can only hold 2-3 real games? Even my freken cell phone can store more than this thing!* The search thing only works with Amazon apps and videos. Not netflix or anything else.If you have amazon prime and like buying digital videos from amazon, and don't give a hoot about gaming, this is a solid buy.If you want to get access to all of your video content + streaming from netflix, get a WDTV.... at least until external usb storage is available.
I've had a Fire for a day now. It's got major problems.1 - The interface is clearly designed to do everything possible to make me purchase content from Amazon.2 - There is no way to search for content that is free for Prime members, which I am (and the Fire came to me already set up to know that), and that is the major reason I purchased it.3 - In the Netflix App I have to log in EVERY SINGLE TIME! That is insane. Clearly that was done deliberately to discourage me from using Netflix.4 - Using a QWERTY style keyboard makes no sense when one is navigating the keyboard with a remote. Apple TV uses a keyboard layout that is in alpha order, which is very logical.5 - The Fire &#34;SImple&#34; Search using voice doesn't work in Netflix. It only works for Amazon content.The only plus is that content appears to load more quickly than on my Apple TV and it appears to consistently show in 1080P quality whereas on Apple TV sometimes HD content doesn't play in HD it plays in a degraded quality. It seems that Amazon has faster pipes from my house to their servers? My home internet connection is AT&T; Uverse.So to sum up, I am extremely disappointed in the Fire and wish I had not bought it. I should have waited and read the numerous other negative reviews that have come out in the past few days.
This device is only for those who only watch amazon content since everything else is poorly supported. It doesn't offer as much as its competitors, it doesn't have any way of controlling it via infrared like the Roku or Apple TV which means you have to use the included remote. For those of us that use a universal remote or other control system it makes this device useless. Sending it back for that reason alone.Amazon better develop a USB infrared receiver or they will lose plenty of customers who don't want yet another remote to use. Roku is smart, they include a Bluetooth controller but also have an infrared receiver on the front for maximum flexibility. Apple TV is infrared only which is fine for most.Win Roku on this issue. Fail amazon.
I was excited about the idea of not having to type titles anymore. However, the search only works for Amazon titles. You can't search Netflix or Hulu with just your voice. Making the feature worthless to me. I feel the entire thing was designed to promote Amazon's own agenda from their Fire Tablet to Prime library. Don't get me wrong, I do like Amazon Prime. But I will be returning this and purchasing a Roku 3 instead.
Haven't been able to stream anything from Netflix or YouTube without the app crashing or the video stuck loading forever.
I bought Amazon Fire TV a little more than a month ago and thought I would be thrilled with it but it has many issues. The main issues are it only displays videos sporadically (Prime and Hulu Plus videos) and it cuts out a lot when listening to music apps. There's no volume control or on-off button, which I wouldn't care but  spend so much time rebooting to try and make it work, all the unplugging and replugging has made me more aware that Amazon Fire TV is missing those basic features.The main troubleshooting directions provided is to plug and unplug or clear data and the cache, but none of it helps when it just suddenly decides to stop displaying video, though ads always seem to stream right through. I bought this instead of Chromecast because I am a huge Prime fan and was looking forward to seeing Prime videos on a bigger screen then my laptop, but that only happens occasionally.It's frustrating but I guess Amazon can't be perfect. My suggestion would be to wait until Amazon launches the next version and fixes some of the bugs before buying it.
the free choices are mixed in with the pay choices--bad show Amazon---now I have a ROKU 3  that does not have this major problem
Mostly works great. Has a quirk with the sound.  Sometimes the next day it has none until you pull the power cord out and reboot. Amazon replaced the unit but new one does the same thing.
When I first clicked to check shipping it said it would come in 2 days on Saturday.  I place the order and now my orders say it won't ship until April 24.  Why release the Fire TV and not release the controller for 3 more weeks?  Obviously Amazon had them, people have received and reviewed them, so why won't Amazon sell me one now to go with the Fire TV?  This is so retarded.
i give it one star because i can't do a lower score-it will not connect to the fire and it has not be utilized at all at this point. have tried so many times i have actually screamed in frustration and scared my grandson whom i got the controller for!
I returned this to Amazon, it did not work.  Don't get suckered in to purchasing this.  BRAND NEW OUT OF THE BOX AND IT WOULD NOT FUNCTION.
HORRIBLE !!!! DO NOT  WASTE YOUR MONEY NO INSTRUCTIONS IT IS THE WORST
The controller feels like a cheap Chinese knock off of an Xbox controller.  The worst part by far is the d-pad. It is SO stiff and hard to press, and with such a deep play, it is practically unusable. There is no way you can have a proper reaction time when it is so hard to push on the d-pad and the distance to push down is so large.  The other issue is that the thumbsticks are a bit slippery.  Otherwise the controller is OK, but the d-pad is so bad it just ruins the whole thing. I've been using controllers with d-pads for decades, including the recent PS4 and Xbox One controllers.  I wasn't considering similar quality, but clearly the designer of this thing was a copy cat and not a gamer. Considering the very high price of this controller, compared to the far superior quality of the FireTV itself, it's a rip off.  It costs almost as much as full blown console controller with 10 times the quality and ergonomics!
I tried it for several days and never again.  It is a big unresponsive clumsy piece of plastic.  It is the only Amazon product I wish I never bought.
donot need
get this for my kids to play the  games  on amazon fire TV  received it  July 4th and its  already not working  had it 10 days
DO NOT BUY AMAZON HARDWARE IT IS CRAP, POOR AT EVERYTHING AND THERE POOR REVIEW SYSTEM IS THE S*** ALSO.
No instructions, unit did not give me control of games. It might be okay for kids, but not for me. Waste of money!
I dont understand, you would think that with all the advances that have been made in controller design, that Amazon could had brought in some of the developers from Sony or Microsoft (both of which have next gen controllers that I like very much) or at least taken some design cues from them. This controller is just absolute garbage and Amazon Fire's saving grace in the game category is that you can use any other Android support controller and are not forced to use this one.
Lack of inspiring design, very boring looking. Lacks any real edge over the competition and actually is worse the competition.
When I review this device I compare it with my previous experiences with gaming controllers of Nintendo, Sony, Microsoft, Ouya and Roku.It is just the worst controller of all.Too expensive for the features, no rumble, no motion.There is a deadspot in the analogue sticksThe lag is so severe that playing pinball is impossible.
As high of quality is in the Amazon Fire, and it's small remote I was shocked at the lack of quality in this.  Very flimsy and very cheap.
While I like the Amazon Fire itself, the platform sucks as a game console and the controller is very poor. It does not recognize button pushes a lot of the time and feels very 2001-ish.
its way over priced...  if you dont like sev zero then that perk means nothingthe buttons dont have a good tactile feel.its a bit clunk.. it will do nothing the Nyko Pro Pad wontthe Nyko has a better build..it just has  bad ergothere is a dead spot on the thumb controllers...i hope amazon rethinks this whole controller,, as much as i liked the Nyko pro i didnot like this...they can have their free copy of sev zero..  im more of a bad land cat...  some may dig this controller... coolbut its going back to the big amazon mega building...  it seems just built good enough not to suck...  uninspired..  just Meh..and btw..Amazon?  where are the 1000 games you promised a month from launch?
You know what would be nice?  If this came with INSTRUCTIONS on how to connect it to the Amazon Fire TV.  Because my controller box had ZERO in it, and I am about to throw it out the window.  Can't find any help online, either.  Thanks a lot.  Night ruined.
I am a pretty decent tech but the Amazon Fire is most unimpressive. Plus, there is no means that i can find to get real help.
Worst tablet on the market. I'm using one to type this review... please do yourself a favor and invest in something better. They have fumbled the ball on this one!!!!!
This bundle is claiming that together they are $328, which is obviously inaccurate, then stating you're saving $79 by getting this bundle for $249.However, the Kindle Fire HDX 7&#34; with special offers is $199.  The Amazon Fire TV is $99.  This makes the total $298 for them together bringing the savings to $49 in this bundle.Didn't see a better way to let them know this error than to post a review.  I have not purchased the Amazon Fire TV, but I do own a Kindle Fire HDX 7&#34;.  I LOVE my kindle!!!  The one star is to help bring this to attention.  Thanks~
Ok, Amazon I've been a customer for years and years, in fact I started buying from you when you were a bookseller, you even send me a free mug. Yes, it probable only cost you 50 cents,but, I though that you cared about me as a customer, it was a nice touch in this era of the customer comes last.So, when I saw the offer for the Amazon Fire TV and HDX tablet I though I would research what Amazon TV could do. Right away I found I would need Prime, So I signed up for the trial. Then I found that my Nexus 7 would not work for streaming video or TV showsYes, I would need a Kindle Fire tablet, So the $ 249.00 offer was what I needed, but when I went on line to buy, you pulled the rug out from me, today the price is $279.00 for the two items, that were $249.00 two weeks ago! ....is this customer appreciation ? Customer service? It doesn't feel like it is to me.
I was going to buy too, but they changed the price. They should let you know when the special is going to end, so that you can buy right way. They should post the special again.
This review concerns the HDX included in the bundle.  The Kindle FireTV is a great deal with this bundle.On to the subject of this review.  I'm not saying that they are selling refurbished Kindle HDX in this bundle but the model I got was more than a little substandard.  I am sure that the intentions were good but the Kindle HDX bundled with this order was defective with two stuck pixels and a black scrape in the display. Our family has two other, identical (and flawless) Kindle HDX 7&#34; devices and a Kindle HDX 8.9&#34;.Amazon does not allow replacements.  All they allowed was a refund.  I'm not sure if this cancels the substantial Kindle FireTV discount.
I was just showing a friend how easy it is to order from Amazon on your mobile phone when I mistakenly placed the order. Seconds later, I tried unsuccessfully to cancel the  order however the check boxes beside items to be cancelled,never popped up. I have three tablets between myself and my two boys, I really don't need another tablet. Please fix this anomaly now. What am I gonna do with this small tablet?
Add my voice of discontent to the group.....I received the email on my iphone while out of town, when I get time to make the purchase the price is much higher than quoted.  My Prime membership is up next month, this makes me think how much I really need it.  Especially with the large number of new options coming into the marketplace.
not good
IF I'm going to be watching TV I want to watch it on &#34;THE BIG SCREEN&#34; I would only purchase this when offered with the HDX 8.9&#34; @ 32GB MINIMUM.