Installation time: 30 seconds.Update Time 4 minutes.  It updated very quickly.Intro video: Yes, there is one.  And you can skip it.Amazon Prime integration- yes, obviously they want you to have a Prime account.  It's not required.Next, I tried the voice search.  Yes, it only works with Amazon content, but it works GREAT with Amazon content.  I tried about 30 different searches, and it worked every time.So, I went to watch some of my previous Amazon content- here is where I was pleasantly surprised.  They had already hooked it up to my account!  I didn't have to do anything at all- my content was just there.  :)  Very, very happy.The biggest drawback that I saw was that Amazon has inexplicably chosen to include a purely cosmetic USB port.  That's right- the USB port does absolutely nothing.  You can't use it as storage, you can't use it to watch media, you can't plug controllers into it.  It's completely useless. Until Amazon pulls their heads out and address these issues, I can't fully recommend it.  It's a bit amazing to me that in 2014, Amazon had the nerve to release a media box that doesn't natively support media streaming, and has a disabled USB port.  This is the kind of nonsense I would have expected out of AppleTV five years ago.
ProsEasy to useDecent interfacePlenty of video apps and gamesVoice recognition for amazon and HuluConsNo voice recognition for Netflix and Plex8gb of memory and not currently expandableThere is no app for audibleAfter installing just a couple games I run out of space. This would almost be alright except that while watching movies I would often get interrupted to make space by removing apps.I would guess that all of the problems that I have mentioned will be fixed with an update in the not so distant future at which point I will change my rating to 5 stars.
Still trying to figure out why this does not support Amazon Cloud Music.  It has Vevo and Pandora.  Anyone? Anyone?
Upon installation , my Ethernet connection would not  connect . The support sites did not help . Amazon would really benefit from live online or phone support . Hooray for the refund button .
When it worked I really liked it.  If you watched it for very long the box would click and then go off.  I called tech assistance and they told me to unplug and it did work for awhile.  I didn't watch it much for a week or so but when I watched it for a long period one day it did the same thing.  I returned the box for a refund.  If something doesn't work when it's new I don't want it.  I had to return it for a refund, they would not replace it. I haven't decided whether to buy it again.
Actually, I would give it a 4.5. However, there are two glaringly annoying problems that should easy to fix in a patch. The first is the lack of a screen saver while watching Netflix (and probably other apps). The second is a little more technical. When going from paused to play and at other times, it chirps my speakers pretty hard. This caused in some way by going from stereo mode (e.g paused) to Dolby (e.g. play). I think if it would stay one mode (i.e. the user set mode) always, the problem would go away. I'm using the optical output to my receiver.Hopefully the developers read this.
Buzzing sound during audio since the first time I turned it on.  Amazon has been slow to resolve the issue, if they even do.  Should have had a replacement sent the first time I called with the issue, nope.  Second time I call they took log files and said the technical team would look into it, why wasn't this done the first time I called?  It's been nearly a week since they took the log files and I haven't heard anything back from Amazon.
I was very excited to order and receive my Amazon Fire TV unit.  However, I recently returned it and ended up purchasing the Roku 3, which I love so far.I am an Amazon Prime member and was excited to use the Fire TV to stream Prime Videos, as our current Blu Ray is not compatible with Prime (I also have Netflix, Hulu, etc. so could utilize those features as well).  I considered purchasing an entirely new Blu Ray unit with Amazon capabilities, but the current unit works fine and the cost increase over Fire TV or Roku would have been significant.The set up steps couldn't have been simpler...plug the unit into the tv, plug it in to the power source, set up internet access.  However, I tried and tried and my two year old Samsung HD TV could not 'sense' the Fire TV unit.  To troubleshoot, I switched the HDMI cable to confirm that it wasn't the issue, changed HDMI ports on the tv, reset the power several times, and changed the batteries in the remote.  The unit started with a yellow blinking light (nothing about that in the manual, but I decided to wait it out), which then turned to a bluish white blinking light.  During all of this, I was getting no connection to the tv.  After 30 minutes of doing the same steps over and over, it 'magically' connected and the power light was a solid blue/white (I say magically, because I have no idea what was different this time).  I figured the problem was solved and the family sat down to watch a movie.The unit worked fine that evening.  I am giving it more than 1 star, because while it worked, we enjoyed the features.  The interface was simple to use, the voice search option was great.  Overall a good unit if working properly.Unfortunately, the next morning after the Fire TV unit had gone to sleep overnight, it could not reestablish connection with the tv.  I tried everything listed above AGAIN, but it never worked.  Frustrated, I packed the item back up, returned it to Amazon, and ordered the Roku 3.By contrast, the Roku immediately connected and has no problem reconnecting after the unit has gone into sleep mode.  The services are similar and has all of the apps we require (primarly Amazon Instant Video, Netflix, Hulu).  Keep in mind that I am using the same HDMI cable and the same port on the tv with no problems at this point.It is very possible that I got a dud...I haven't seen many other reviews with this problem, but this was my experience.  I could have reordered the Fire TV, but didn't want to risk another return.  Amazon has a great return policy, so I easily shipped back the item and received the refund very quickly.  If you are interested in this item and don't mind the possibility of a return, give it a try.  Like I said, when it was working, we really enjoyed it.
My TV is already using the HDM port to run my TV .I cannot us the for for Fire fox TV and to run Firefox.  What do you suggest I do.
Not impressed  I'm sure a better version will be out soon but to me it's whatever.  Games aren't even 2 players
NON STOP BUFFERINGTHE UNIT IS WELL MADE AND WELL PACKAGED AS WELL AS PORTABLE.PROBLEM IS WHEN YOU TRY TO DOWNLOAD A MOVIE, IT STOPS TO RE BUFFER EVERY 2 TO 5 MIN.ITS WORSE THAN WATCHING THE NEWS ON CNN WITH ITS NEVER ENDING STREAM OF COMMERCIALS
No wonder Busey is the spokesman. This device cannot touch the Roku3 experience. It pissed me off from the moment I turned it on and the UNSTOPPABLE &#34;Welcome&#34; video started. With NO OPTION to SKIP... I was FORCED to watch this STUPID video until it was done. Uh... BIG FAIL Amazon.On to usability... I found no easy way to start a video from the beginning or resume. Roku makes this a very easy choice. The Fire interface feels cluttered and doesn't make the most of the viewable area.All in all.. I didn't hate the device but it seems like the designers decided to build it without any real customer input.
Doesn't have xfinity go, streaming iPhone/android is horrible unlike advertised. The prime videos are okay I guess
I use subtitles in Spanish, it appears you have to rent the movie before you find out if it's available and I haven't found any movies that it was available on. It should be clearly stated what is available before you spend your money.
Very disappointed with Amazon Fire.  USB port did not work. Does not stream movies well in comparison to my Samsung bluray player.
We have an older TV we were planning to connect to the Fire TV.  Adds for Fire said all you need is an HDTV which we have - but failed to mention that the only type of connection for Fire TV is  HMDI which we do not have.  Went with a Roku which did work and it is a recent model.  Had to return the Fire.
Signed up for Amazon prime &#8211; I don't know if it's because I'm still on the  trial but every single show seems to cost money-we never had a problem with the speed of the Internet using our Blu-ray player to access Netflix but with this thing it seems to keep how is buffering problems-not super pleased right now with the Amazon prime service or this item&#8211; hope it gets better
we believe our DSL speed was not sufficient for this item to work properly.  In an area closer to better internet service, this would probably work fine.  It was returned.
Can't believe nothing works on charter subscription. So now I have to continue to use my iPad for watchespn . When this firetv was the reason I bought it.
If i had to do it again,that is purchase the amazon fire tv.i would get support from you guys.may be in the future i will purchase it once again.
I was unimpressed.  I returned it when my free trial expired because I just didn't see the value.  The biggest drawbacks were the advertised channels are only available if you subscribe to one of the limited cable providers.  That means now you have a lot of worthless options to go through in the menu.  You do get Amazon Prime videos and netflix but that wasn't not enough really.  Not when I can find a blue ray player with those same features.  The voice control worked ok but again, didn't really make it worth the price since I couldn't see how you would use it unless you already knew what shows and movies were available.On the plus side, it did have a good picture, amazing really.  (I use headphones to listen so I'm not sure I can comment on the digital surround sound.)  I'll probably continue to try to find some other option with a better value and features which are useful to me.
Needs HDMI JACK ON TV
Not acceptable without 30Gb network.
This FireTV unit always tells me that my internet connection is too slow.  I have never had that problem with my Roku box, never, and it works perfectly.  I no longer use the FireTV and will stick with Roku.
I bought this because of the repeated promise of &#34;simplicity&#34; with the search. Amazon repeatedly touted &#34;a voice search that works&#34;. Well it does work, sorta. I am an Amazon Prime member so I thought this device would be a great new way to better use their streaming services rather than just Netflix, and it is, again, sorta.The voice search does recognize your commands very well, but it just searches Amazon, not Netflix, Pandora, Hulu, etc. just Amazon. That's bad enough, but to make matters much worse, you cannot have the search feature differentiate between programs you can watch for free via your Prime membership vs programs you have to pay Amazon's completely ridiculous prices of $5.00 to rent or $20.00 to buy, so in using the one of the main selling points of this device, you must wade through all of the programming that you do not want to pay exorbitant rental fees for in order to find the (comparatively to Netflix) relatively few viewing options available via your Prime membership. So forget the voice search, it's basically (at this point hopefully) useless.The good points are:*It is fast. I wakes from sleep mode much quicker than AppleTV. It is responsive and quick while using the remote to navigate the menus.*The interface is pretty good. Clean, and easy to use, though it still pales in comparison to that of AppleTV.*The no point of site requirement via Bluetooth is my favorite feature. again the remote works great with the device itself behind a closed media closet door.I hope Amazon will correct\improve these search feature via an update, but who knows at this point. I don't hate it, but given the price and limitations of the search, AppleTV is still a better product. The Amazon Fire has some promising features, hopefully the will spend more time on making the search more inclusive instead of games that I doubt many people will ever care very much about.
Received Fire TV today, really for the Showtime app. Be warned, there are only 6 cable providers that are eligible for this service!!! Charter and WOW!, which I have both, are not included. So if you buy hoping for Showtime, better check what providers are  offered. VERY LIMITED.
It is not user friendly.  If you are on Amazon's app,  a person could end up paying for what they are watching FORGETTING to go to their apps.  The voice thing is kinda cool but not worth the extra money you can save by buying a Roku #3 at $69.00.  Oh and the (Chrome one) is the same as Amazon Fire. Hope this was helpful
I was comparing this with ROKU, and not getting HBO GO is the deal breaker for me. I am sure that a voice search is great, but not seeing HBO GO is worse than picking out letters to spell what I am looking for.
I did extensive research for the Amazon Fire TV. I read 5 reviews and watched all the review videos I could find before I ordered the Amazon Fire TV.None of the reviews or video reviews disclosed a very serious omission (except CNET's review just 2 days ago that I did not read until yesterday) and that is you CANNOT voice search any other application except Amazon Prime. Say you are in Netflix, and you voice search a movie or TV show, the Fire TV pops you out of Netflix and sends you to Amazon Prime where it may cost money to watch the show in question whereas the show I was wanting to watch was free on Netflix.This is such a serious omission that I a forced to return the product for a refund.The HBOGO app is not on Fire TV yet. I knew that going in, but how long will it be before it is. Who knows. Tech support at Amazon could not even tell me. So I will stick with Apple TV and my Roku 3 and my Roku HDMI Streaming Stick. Roku has PLEX and that is a total winner my book.Once Amazon incorporates voice search across all applications, I will be all in not to mention HBOGO.The Amazon Fire TV is the fastest streaming box ever. When you request a show and push go, the video starts immediately. Not 2 seconds or 3 seconds but NOW. Accessing the menus is also very very fast. Again, this steaming box is hands down the fastest there is BUT it all goes away with a bad implementation of voice search.If you do not need voice search then the Fire TV is the best when it comes to speed and you want to stay in the Amazon Prime ECO system.First adopters suffer the most.
I DONT HAVE HIGH SPEED INTERNET, SO IT DIDNT WORK FOR ME. SMART TV WITH BETTER WITH MY INTERNET, I DONT NEED HIGH SPEED INTERNET
It's fast, sharp, crisp and lovely but that doesn't overcome the fact that Showtime doesn't work with Charter, no HBOGo (I could have waited), voice search results are limited, and other minor issues that may be resolved in the future. I may buy again in the future when everything is worked out, but not without Showtime and HBOGo- so it's going back tomorrow. For now, I'll stick with my good ole' Roku because it works.
I WAS THINKING THAT THE BOX WAS MUCH LARGER FROM SEEING  IT ON THE PICTURE.. AND I DON'T UNDERSTAND WHY DO I NEED TO PAY  FOR  THE MOVIES ...?
Are you so lazy you have to talk instead of moving your thumb to change what you are watching?  Amazon Prime video is expensive and a waste of time, it does not have enough selections to warrant the expense.  I bought a Roku 2 years ago and it works just fie,  Netlix is 7.99 a month and it has enough.  When we become so attached to games and off beat videos it is time to trash your TV, you have officially become an idiot.  We changed our cable to basic cable, just the major channels so we can watch the news, Being a child of the 50's it seems insulting to pay to watch TV.  I watch what I like on Netlix.  I only watch a fee select shows.  When my Prime membership is over I wll not be renewing ir, it is not worth it. I do not purchase enough to make it worthwhile.  Even  my kids do not have television anything they want to watch they can see on their computers, they do not want their children watching the idiot box.  My husband watched 2 international channels (Filipino) and I can get his favorite show for free on my computer.  Once in a blue moon I will buy a DVD of a critically acclaimed movie or documentary that is basically the only time our TV is on for more than one hour.  IS your TV in the living located in a central point so all can be amused?  Is there a TV in each bedroom?  If so, you are officially stupid and you are not doing your kids a favor.  Buy a book, get them a Kindle reader..  When was the last time you had a family conversation uninterrupted by the idiot box?  When have you played a game with your kids, or checked their homework?  Do you even know what is going on in their lives because you are transfixed by your favorite TV program?  Get out of the mindset that you need constant amusement, get a life and a clue.  Kids nowadays are dumber than they were 40 years ago and the American family is falling apart because they lost the fine art of conversation and socialization.
i was so excited when i picked up this product couldn't wait to get home and hook it up. What a disappointment to find out it is not linked to Direct tv yet. Love what i can do on it but very limited since can't use anything you have to register your tv provider to use. Really hoping they get this worked out with other providers quickly as I love what i can do with it and do not want to return it!
First and foremost, I don't actually own an Amazon Fire TV.  It looks like a great device for what it is, but this will absolutely not work for people that:a) have an HBO subscription (HBO GO is the best streaming content service bar none, as long as you have an HBO subscrption of course.b) people that have invested in other Apple products.  I'm not a huge Apple fanatic at all; but being able to sync an iPad with Airplay (steaming video and music, etc), as well as to be able to seamlessly link to all of your iTunes content is a big deal.I applaud Amazon for the RF remote and some of the hardware specs, but for me this falls short for the two reasons above.
I purchased the Fire TV at Best Buy (where they had at least 50 in stock, yet they are backordered on Amazon). I am extremely acquainted with the streaming ecosystem and already own a last generation Roku, as well as a smart bluray player, and game consoles.Fire TV only has one thing going for it... Interface speed.  As far as components go, Amazon did everything right.  I don't need to be the 1000th person to say that the box is ridiculously skewed only towards Amazon-sold content, but I would like to add this important note: Amazon has no clue how to organize that content. I rent or watch digital content from Amazon, VuDu, iTunes, and Netflix... Amazon usually has everything available to rent IF you can find it. As a user of their Roku app, I was hoping Amazon would get their act together for the Fire TV, but their organization is still abysmal. The new release section is limited to only the absolute most popular films. There is no way to search by release date or browse genres by release date. Going to the &#34;horror&#34; genre pulls up Psycho, The Shining, and Stephen King's IT on the first page. It's the kind of random selection you'd expect if Amazon was giving preference to Prime eligible movies, but these are regular rentals displayed with no rhyme or reason. Who browses for classic or old films?  We want to see new content we don't know about!  When I want to pay to rent Psycho, you'll bet I'll be searching for it.This extends to all video content. First page of their documentary section includes Captain Phillips and Schindler's List... Um, what?!  There are only a few sections you can even browse on the Fire TV and nobody at Amazon has even noticed that their documentary section is filled with drama films?  There are probably 20 new docs available to rent on Amazon every week, but you'll never find them as Amazon is promoting old and mislabeled content. Even The Act of Killing (nominated for this year's best documentary Oscar) is #40... Films 1 through 39 include 16 docs that are 2010 or older (usually MUCH older) and 5 drama films that don't even belong in the category.Amazon's content organization for paid rentals feels exactly like flipping through Netflix Instant where we are accepting of old and lackluster content... On Amazon it's a hodge podge of old films promoted for no reason.  In Drama you'll find 2006's The Departed to rent for $4 right up front, but have to scroll through 100 more films to get to 2014's The Broken Circle Breakdown (free on Amazon Prime).Fire TV is a consumption machine with absolutely no care as to what you are consuming as long as Amazon is getting their cut. If you have any interest in movies at all, you'll have to research new content on the web and search for it manually... When THAT works. Today I searched for David Gordon Green's new film Joe starring Nicholas Cage. It was released for rent today and won film festivals around the world. Searching the title &#34;Joe&#34; brought back 100 results that weren't the film. Searching &#34;David Gordon Green&#34; finally found the movie as the 16th result, after all of Green's older movies and several movies that have nothing to do with David Gordon Green.  I almost gave up trying to find it at all, but in contrast, Joe is the first movie listed on iTunes and listed with giant banners in multiple places.For a device that practically hides other apps to shove square after square of Amazon content in your face, Amazon has a LONG way to go at making that content somewhat relevant and timely. I'm kind of surprised content creators aren't giving up on Amazon. I'm sure Morgan Spurlock is happy that Amazon has had Super Size Me on the front page of documentaries for over 3 years, but how about telling me what came out this week, or even this decade?  It's very strange, because I've had no issues with the organization of the Kindle store.
I was considering this and going to get rid of cable. After reading several reviews I agree that with apps not available at this time and the cost of the gaming controller, this is not something I will buy. If after a year or two, Amazon decides to reduce the cost of the controller or offer it free with the device and more apps are available I may look into it.
Please increase the video streaming programs to include VUDU and HBOplus. To compete you'll have to include more streaming program options and content. People who subscribe or have made purchases on VUDU etc...don't want to lose the ability to access their content from these providers.
Amazon Fire TV advertises voice-search capability. What you're not told is that it works only with Amazon Prime. It does not work with YouTube or any other app, which seriously diminishes the efficacy of that feature.The user interface is deficient, making it very hard to search for movies in Amazon Prime, not to mention it gives you incomplete results, and you have to select a video from the search results to be able to tell if it is free or paid. C'mon Amazon, a TV provides ample screen real estate for you to be able to include a small '$' somewhere on the description to denote it's not a free video, right? There are other UI peeves I have than I care to spend time on in this review, but I did voice all of them out to the Amazon customer representative over the phone so Amazon would know.I gave this two stars because its installation help at the beginning was simply so well streamlined and well thought out, but my disappointments started mounting after that. It's definitely of better quality than my old Roku 2, so that mattered as well. But as far as being able to watch Amazon Prime videos, the interface made me give up trying to search for anything I want to view anymore, so I'm most likely not going to continue my subscription after the trial period.
...but I don't.  I've used several Roku devices and an Apple TV for years, and the Fire TV just doesn't compare with those devices.  I do like the voice search--which is accurate and very fast, but it only works for amazon prime titles--NOT for netflix or other apps.The biggest problem with the Fire TV is that it pauses during playback much more frequently than my Roku or Apple TV--even when placed in the same location as those devices.I LOVE my kindle paperwhite for reading, but amazon needs to seriously improve the Fire TV device before I can recommend it.
Data usage is to high! I was using an average of 80 gigabytes per month for the last 7 months. The first month with fire tv I used 260 gigabytes and got a warning from my ISP that I exceeded the limit!  I was streaming before using Roku and Amazon Prime so my viewing habits haven't changed. I unplugged Fire TV and won't be using it until they fix it.
Good hardware that is let down on the software side.Pros: hardware has potentialvoice search worksoutput quaality is good.Cons: buggy os and appsNo way to rebootunable to sort by free vs paid prime video.Daily, minimum, reboots are required.  The only way to do this is to unplug the device.  Where's the reboot menu option amazon?Force quiting apps from the system-apps menu will reduce the number of reboots but you're rolling the dice every time the device goes to sleep.It's really hard to tell free prime videos from the paid content, Unless it is trending.  I bought this for that so I am deeply disappointed.All i want is a video player for netflix hulu plex and prime.  My chromecast does all of this except for prime with better control and interface. The prime functionality on the firetv is so bad it might as well not be there.  I think I'll just take this lemon back to best buy.
I don't know what to put here; the machine would never find it's remote.There wasn't an option to get a different one when I asked for the return.
I don't know why my television didn't recognize it when I connected it. I have an apple tv which works ok, but doesn't have the features as the Amazon Fire. I am very disappointed I couldn't get it to work and had to return it to mason.
I have returned my second unit and still the Wi-fi is unusable. My Visio and Sony units work OK on my network with Amazon Prime content. The unit is functional on Ethernet, but it is not available in the location I need it in. Tested it against the Sony in the same location and it takes about 5 minutes to load 10 seconds of video.
Ill give it the 2 stars because of of its voice recognition technology but it only works for purchasing movies , that's it . Not for regular web browsing or Netflix .
I'm not sure what all the hype was about.  It is a wi-fi video streamer.  It does have a nice quality in the picture and sound but in hind-sight I probably should have just subscribed to Netflix and saved my money to purchase additional wi-fi enabled TVs. Unfortunately most of the content my kids like to watch is sorely missing from the Amazon Prime free line-up. As a result my ability to dump my cable TV completely isn't happening.  I feel like this is just a box to position more more pay-for content in front of my family.
I was so excited to get this but EXTREMELY disappointed when I got it. Great box and built well. Works great and easy to set up. My main issue is that the free and paid programs are all mixed together and then the ones that are free are slim and shows that no one wants to watch anyways. Very disappointed in amazon!!!!!
Once I got it and started searching I realized you had to subscribe to Hulu, Netflix and Prime to get what you can get. On top of that many movies are $14 and more dollars, more than I would pay for them in hard copy. I might be missing something, but I don't plan on keeping it.
Service works great, and is easy to use especially the voice search.  &#34;Free&#34; movies are mostly ancient, current movies are cheaper at the local family video.
So it's been two months since I deployed this in the living room. I do not like it. The Fire TV gets somethings rights but not enough to keep using it. This week I went back to a dedicated HTPC.What it gets right:Great build qualitySmall sizeRuns pretty cool compared to most media playersMenu layout is goodRuns androidWhat it gets wrong:Too Amazon centric, yes there's plex and netflix but that's truly it.Games are nothing interesting or compellingMedia format support is lacking, badlyI'm not sure why, but this thing uses twice the bandwidth as a Roku 3 streaming at 720pNo Amazon music support, yet... but why is this taking so long?What would make me come back is more media partners. Such as official support from Viacom for all of Comedy Central's streaming content. My blue sky wish would be support for Areo, but this needs to get played out in the courts before an established company like Amazon jumps on board.Final conclusion:The Roku 3 and newer players are still the best. Rolling your own HTPC is an option too but I find you still have to be fairly tech savvy. Let's put it this way, I bought my Parents Rokus for their two TVs. They use them without having to call and ask me how. They even find stuff available on the Roku that I did not know what there.
The only thing I have been able to access is Netflix.  But it wants me to pay to play and I already have an account and should not have to pay to watch anything.  Unfortunately there is no one who can help me know what is going on.  The is a problem with Amazon.
The technology could be great but using Hulu, trying to find next episode from (example) ABC News, I have to scroll through hundreds of daily episodes before finding the newest episode. My biggest gripe though is Amazon Prime, I assumed that if I paid $99 for an annual membership then all items offered via Amazon would be inclusive but every movie or tv show I have searched for want an extra $2.99 or $6.99, how ridiculous, I will stick with Netflix and Hulu I would say!!
The user interface and content selection are pretty good, but the device locks up at least once a day and must be restarted. This gets very annoying when you are in the middle of a movie or TV show.
This item is jus ok. I have a sony blu ray smart dvd player and got this under a free 30 day trial. I sent the item back and got another blu ray player instead. This device is incredibly slow to load pages and movies compared to the sony, the remote has very limited functionality and requires a large jump back to main menus instead of page by page, that was really frustrating. The right direction arrow didn't work well and had to be pressed hard which then would cause it to skip multiple &#34;pages&#34;. The only real benefit this has is the games and really I don't consider that a benefit. Hopeully, like so many tech items the next generations will be better but I personally would skip this for now.
Work like any other streaming device with faster interface.  Nothing special aside from voice search but doesnt work all the time.  Tried and did not search through out all services like netflix etc.
Works OK.  Like the voice feature.  Pull the power plug when not using it.  It appears to use band width when not in use, slows down all users very noticeable. Easy fix to just to unplug power.  Like the feature of putting picture on Amazon cloud for presentation.
Not much mention of the ability to watch your personal videos direct over your local network - like Apple TV does via iTunes or XBMC (patched, older generations) - or like WDTV Live Streaming does directly to network shared folders.Yes it does Plex, but if you're ever tried Plex - it's quite messy (similar to XBMC).  The Fire TV box doesn't seem to be able to play direct from network folders, but relies on other media server software.
It is a little annoying that there is not a HDMI cable in the box to immediately connect the box????
The idea is great but it needs HBO GO,$99 is way to high as is $99 for Prime.Add more like HBO GO,drop the price and make a lower priced version of Prime(maybe a version that doesn't include the shipping?)The competition simply offers more and is a better value.Will keep my eye on it but as of now its a pass.
Sorry Amazon a little late. I have a Roku and paid 1/3 less for it. My Smart Tv in the living room does a lot of what this box does and it didn't cost me $99.
Amazon Fire is surprisingly a bare-bones streaming media device.  Among the surprises are the lack of access to my Amazon music cloud and the price.  The Roku LT, for example, can be purchased for sixty dollars less than this device and, oddly enough, has an Amazon music cloud app.  Although Amazon promises to offer the music app &#34;next spring,&#34; why would I buy the Fire when it denies access to an Amazon app?  The only benefits to the Fire are 1.) better menu than the Roku LT, 2.) ability to have a wired connection, and 3.) YouTube access.  For an additional sixty dollars, though, those three benefits are not worth the price of admission.  Thank you, Amazon, for letting me try the Fire for free for sixty days, but your plan actually backfired, since the not-ready-for-Prime-time device is inferior to the Roku LT.
Description of movies are too small to read, would like to see bigger letters.Also too make traps to purchase movies,  have to be very careful
Great performance but it's only prepared to waste money on Amazon content. There's a lot of apps to be added yet.You cannot control TV volume through HDMI-CEC, Netflix app is an old one.It seems to be very powerful in HW specs and User Interface experience ... but its software don't let it to be as promised.
Hoping someone can answer my questions about Fire prior to me purchasing. I am all done with the cable companies, no mater what, however, I am confused as to how this would help me. I have 3 smart TV's that link to most of these apps ( most of which require a fee) anyway. Additionally, I see no way to get &#34;real&#34; TV, i.e. the NFL, local news, Jeporady, etc. I dont do the on demand rip off, for redbox is a block away and only 99cents, so how would this really do anything for me. It is deceptive to say it is TV. It seems to be more like 'access to some TV stations/mostly shows. Smart TV's have these 'access' routes built-in. Please ring in and square me away, thank you.
i bought amazon fireTV a month ago, i was impressed by the specs. I had been using my samsung TV or DVD player to watch netFlix and they were OK, with the specs of fireTV i thought this would blow them out of the water. That is not the case. I would not recommend this device unless it is your only option. My fire TV device freezes during playback, not all the time but a couple times per week. When it freezes i unplug the network cable from fireTV and plug it back into my samsung smart TV and continue watching my show. It does have a cool interface, the speech command works sometimes.My recommendation is to steer clear of this device and wait for android TV, should be just around the corner. I am going to sell this device or give it away when android TV comes out.
I did not know I had to purchase episodes of my favoraite TV shows or movies. Even older movies I have and just wanted to see if Fire TV had them they ask for payment. Well I guess since I gave up cable, free TV is not really free.
I had high hopes for this device, but I just got sick and tired of having the Fire TV disconnect from my TV. It also pauses what I am watching. Sometimes it will be fine for a while, and sometimes it disconnects/pauses every few seconds to a point where is very annoying. I have to turn my TV off and back on every time to reconnect.  I connected by Xbox to the same TV and had no issues, so it is the Fire TV.This is a problem is you are playing a game (specially a pinball game) since the screen goes blank when it disconnects and you lose your place in the game. I called customer service, and they said they never heard of this issue (which is weird since I see a lot of the same complaints in the reviews) and really said nothing that would fix this.I am hoping Amazon will fix this issue in a patch and deliver what was promised.
It is not too bad but practicallly not my taste. the game is ok but hard to add more games. Not flexible. Watch movie is fun and very clear.
It works great and loved how thin it was. The voice comand didn't work as well as I had hoped. The only real negative issue is to get the most out of it, you must be a prime member. I don't want to pay 100 dollars for fire tv and another 100 dollars to enjoy it. Not being a prime member you only are able to get about 30% use from it. Hate that Amazon set it up that way.
I was disappointed by how limited I was to Amazon's ecosystem. For example, I couldn't stream my own (local) content, which is my primary source. Also, voice search doesn't work in apps besides Amazon's. Furthermore, apps not in the Amazon Appstore, are extremely difficult to use, not to mention install. I think if the system was opened to more 3rd party sources, I would enjoy it much more. I was hoping I could use this for XBMC, but it was so crippled, and constantly stuttering whether in the ui, or watching video.I wasn't really getting anything I couldn't already get in terms of Amazon services, from say my PS4. The only thing I liked, was the remote. There's definitely room for improvement, but right now it's just not worth it.
on most streaming it is "static", and the picture freezes for a moment then continues....annoying...I am still in the 30 day period, but I don't have the box it came in so I could return it....otherwise I would...
Overall this is nice, but if you think you are gonna get a lot of free tv, the kind you regularly watch you are going to be in for a big surprise.  Get out your wallet.  I ended up signing up for netflix.  Netflix gives you much of the content included that Amazon wants money for, And with my visio smart tv I didnt need Fire TV to access netflix.A major flaw in product is no capability to plug in headphones or blue tooth headphones.  Major plus for Roku.  With Roku you can plug headphones into the remote control.  Plus Roku has a lot more channels and free content.I'm a HUGE Amazon fan and I was leaning toward Roku but wanted to be in the Amazon camp.I think I made a mistake in this case.
Received as a gift, I had recently bought a different brand, unknown to the person giving me the gift. I really like the remote on the other brand because of the headphone jack in the remote. Amazon get a headphone output on your remote ,, it will help,, alot.
The best feature, search only searches Amazon content, not for any other apps. Also, the Amazone content is only displayed for buy, does not have free watch list.
This is a great device with optimal resolution and fast downloading service,but unfortunately the options for my geographical area (Ecuador-South America)  are too limited..  I can use only netflix because with Amazon Fire Tv  I can't access to youtube, while with apple tv I can ! .  If this can be improved I'm more than sure that Amazon Fire Tv will be much better than apple tv
This is ok, However I really do not have much use for it.  the only thing that works for this is the fact that you can use your tv and you are able to not strain yourself by using a laptop or ipad
This product has some pluses.  The streamer box is solidly built, and it's a minimalist black slab that virtually disappears from view, unlike the hokey design language of a Roku.  The remote control is also well designed, with a main button that's easy to find with your thumb, even in the dark.  It's a petite remote, so a person with large hands might find it too dainty.  The chips inside the box seem better (certainly faster) than those in the Roku 3.  The preloading feature is a good innovation that works well.  So what's the problem?  Well, there are several.  One is that the device is very Amazon-centric.  The audio search, for example, does not work with Netflix.  And if you're an Amazon Prime member, you can't just browse through your free content.  Amazon throws other choices (for extra dollars) into the mix, as if they are nagging you.  Overall, the software for the device is unpolished and does not provide a seamless experience.  It seems thrown together.  I found the experience to be constantly annoying.  My Roku 3 is not as speedy, but overall it provides a better experience, and offers all sorts of oddball channels along with the mainstream ones.
While the Fire TV is well designed and works as advertised......the content just isn't there.Wish I had purchased the Roku 3 instead.  It would have given me everything Fire TV does and a lot of additional content.
6/5/2014 Now that I have utilized since it came out I leave it at a TWO. Voice commands only allow you to find quickly, with no selection as to from which service. It seems to select the pay for view. Seems to have limitations with Netflix as I can find more selections through my PC. In fact utilizing PC with HDMI port and cable allows greater selection with trade off of ease of operation.First purchasedLoads quick, easy to get up and running. Only searches Amazon for move, tv, or person. I was looking for King of Thrones and it found it on Amazon for a price. Looked it up on my PC and there was a discounted price not shown of Fire TV. Ordered from my PC at discount price and cycled power to Fire and my purchase was available. Opened a Amazon Cloud and uploaded some pictures. I was able to view on TV right away!You should be able to mirror your PC! You can only mirror Amazon products. Once they upgrade product should be exceptional.
After installing only a few small casual games, I have only about 1GB of space available, and the devices only lists a total capacity of 5.49GB, most of which is consumed by the Fire OS system itself. I'm getting error messages when trying to install some games. It streams faster than my old second-gen Roku, but with such small storage capacity, it's extremely limited for games.
almost the same as goggle but more then double  the price It is nothing more them an outlet for amazon to sell more movies the free prime movies and tv shows are very very limited.Anything of interest that is free on reg. cable TV cost on on this service.If you don't have cable it is for you but if you have it don't waste your money
I bought this to replace my &#34;Apple TV&#34; because it didn't pick up Amazon Prime Videos and it would occasionally go black while watching a movie or TV show (always at the most critical time it seems). So, I bought the Amazon Fire TV device. It was very easy to install, I must say that (but the Apple TV was also). I love the voice search, it seems to work very well, another plus for the Fire TV. BUT, where the Apple TV went black for a few seconds several times, the Fire TV goes black triple that time. Now, I'm sure it has something to do with bandwidth and other techie stuff, but the fact is that it goes out more than the Apple TV. Another thing that I haven't figured out is the Amazon &#34;Instant Watch&#34; situation. I loaded my &#34;List&#34; with Instant Prime movies and TV shows, but when I go to watch them they are either wanting me to rent them or they are not available for some reason. This happened to over 3/4ths of the ones I chose. I'm not sure what the disconnect might be, but it exists. Other times it wants me to watch a movie on Hulu + (which I'm not a member). To sum it up, I probably made a mistake by buying the Fire TV, it hasn't proven itself to be a useful device, I'm not sure where these 40,000 Instant Watch videos exist, but they aren't available on Fire TV!
If this was a Windows Media Player 'extender' I would buy it in a heartbeat.Since I have multiple tuners and full DVR service working in my computer via Windows Media Player,my non-computer connected TVs need a box that is a Windows Media Center extender.
I own an Apple TV, Roku, and also use a PS3 for streaming. I was really hoping for more from Amazon, but this box can barely keep up with doing even the most simple of tasks... When scrolling through Hulu, it lags.. Like, very noticeably. This won't bother Android users, as they're used to it. But after using my Apple TV primarily for about a year, I couldn't stand it. Esspecially when I wanted to do AirPlay, just to remember the Fire TV Can't. Every time I tried using it, I needed up just switching over to the Apple TV, or PS3. My guess is Amazon was hoping this would be a bribe to purchase Prime, therefore not putting much enphasis into third party apps. Anyways. I would not recommend this box to anyone. If you own Apple Products already, get the Apple TV. It's a great companion to all Apple Devices. If you don't, get a Roku. They're cheaper, smaller, and even have a larger App Store.
I purchased the Amazon Fire TV device in hopes of drastically upgrading my search method from the Roku 1. Fire TV's remote does not disappoint. Speak into it and seconds later, you get your search results. The only problem is that, if you're using Fire TV to watch Netflix, HuluPlus, or any other non-Amazon app/site, you still have to highlight and choose each individual letter to generate a search title. In other words, at any time you speak into the Fire TV's remote, it takes you back to only Amazon content. Another thing I found totally by accident was that some of Fire TV's movies are in full screen mode. Really, Amazon, is it even necessary to encode any movies in full screen mode anymore?? Two movies that I watched on Fire TV, &#34;Brokeback Mountain&#34; and &#34;The Avengers&#34; were in full screen. On Roku, even using Amazon's channel, they were in widescreen. I called Fire TV tech support and found out there was no way of changing a movie's view from full screen to widescreen. To complete my discontent with Fire TV is that there isn't Redbox streaming on it. So, given the remote's inability to work across all apps/channels, the fact that not all of Roku's apps are included, and the inconsistency in display and the lack of options for changing that, I'll be taking the device back to the store for a refund. I'll put up with the less expensive Roku for now.
I purchased this Amazon Fire TV from a local retailer. At the time of purchase, the retailer told me that many of the sales since its release date were being returned, but i wanted to try it anyway. I subscribe to Amazon Prime Instant Video, which is a great service when they actually keep adding new content but not taking even more away as they add it. I have a ROKU 3 player but i thought i would upgrade because of the reports of this Fire TV box being faster and having  better picture. It is a wee bit faster..but is seriously not noticeable compared to the ROKU 3 and my 40MB Fiber broadband internet connection. The apps do include the basic most popular ones including Netflix, Hulu Plus, Crackle, Vevo, Youtube and of course their own Amazon content. It does not have VUDU, a Wal-Mart company that most people have chosen for their digital HD copies. Flixster has the copies also but the picture is not clear HD and poor quality. One app called Classic TV is a serious joke with barely a dozen tv shows with only 2 being actual popular classic tv. No HBO Go and no religious channels at all to choose from like TBN. The ROKU 3 can keep up with this device and has thousands of channels to choose from. Returning this back to the store today.
I received an Fire TV as a gift because my blu-ray was having issues streaming. After streaming for a few days the Amazon Fire TV crashed my wifi and now it is the ONLY device that will connect wifi in my house. It is so annoying and I would have never purchased it if I knew this was even a possibility of happening. There is no help online anywhere because it is so new. Now my cell is eating up data and my computer will only load certain web pages. This is something that needs to be fixed before I recommend anyone buying this. But, (since it's now my only device) it's great with streaming; only have a few errors so far. Very user friendly. A bit confusing when it comes to free prime shows vs. ones you have to pay for.
Missing too many apps and the ones it does have are buried under Amazon stuff. Everything is a jumbled mess. Hulu keeps freezing even though it works fine on Apple TV, computer, and ipad.
Not a fan -Sure; one can play cell phone games on it, and it will bring you Amazon videos. What about the content I already have, or paid for a download to my computer? My decades old music library? Do I need to buy all these things again, but now from Amazon? As others have noted, search is a major pain - and what is this &#34;predictive buffering&#34; all about. Sounds like it's just a way to keep my internet more bogged down for other devices. I gave mine away after a few days - may try it again in a few years, if it's still around.
Other reviews said this device predicts what you will watch next. I'll pause Netflix and every time I come back it is back on the &#34;choose your experience&#34; screen. Annoying as I will never choose Netflix Kids. Then I have to drill back down, looking for the series I have been watching. Then it buffers before restarting. In contrast, the Apple TV was alway right where I left it. Navigation is odd. The remote has too many buttons.
This product is nice, it has the speed, and it has the look, but it falls short still on the apps that it provides. It doesn't have a (in my mind) youtube app or a internet browser. I mean it shouldn't be hard to create one or join forces with fire fox or any other generic web browser. The main thing that fell short for me was the number one selling point that convinced me to buy the amazon fire. The voice controlled search, if u have any kind of accent our deep voice, this damn thing doesn't even give a suggestion on what you said, its such a useless feature it baffling. I'm just gonna send this back because it not worth it, if you already have a smart tv then this is a waste of money
Thought all years and episodes of 'all' offerings on Prime would have been included!!They arenot and that is a lousy way for a company like Amazon to operate. You have lost a long term customer. Be honest, open, and truthful in everything do...Shame on you.
Unfortunately Amazon forgot how to do CS.  The product loses it memory after being turned off. Called in twice to and spoke with Customer Service folks, first time women thought it was user issue, second time had problem they felt problem was beyond them and  turned over to developers, waited 5 days no call.Called third time and CS agent explained someone souhld have called to let me know the 19th was date they will call will call, it is the 19th and no call plan to talk with management on this issue. Amazing when this folks released kindle they were top of any issues. Now they have gone stone stupid.
When I received my Amazon Fire TV streaming device, I did not immediately pick it up from the postal drop at Blaine, WA.  When I finally retrieved it and set it up as a birthday gift I could not get it to work on any of the different media sources.  I suspect that because I am a Canadian user, my IP address has been tagged as not from the US.  Because it has been more than 30 days since the unit was shipped, I cannot get my money back from Amazon.  Their customer service information is almost non-existent to ask about what problems that I am having and how to resolve them.I did not have the same issues with the Apple TV device that I had bought originally.  I was hoping that the audio search feature would improve search time for locating programs.
this may have been addressed in another comment but the preview has HBO shows in the video but this doesn't offer HBO Go? how is that possible?...oh wait I know you can buy those episodes on Amazon :)
believe Amazon has a dud.  Don't think they figured this one out as well as expected.  Does not cover as broad a spectrum as indicated in the adds.  Only redeeming feature is voice control.
I bought this because I heard that all you need to do to get rid of high cable fees is get a Hulu Plus membership and Amazon Fire TV. Turns out Hulu doesn't have device streaming rights to most prime time shows, so you either have to watch it on Hulu's website, or go to the channel's website. Now I'm stuck with something I have no use for.Installation was relatively easy, but there are very few supported apps. Except for games, and I didn't get this for games.
It only plays 480p from the PLEX server app.  It is missing DLNA support.  You can't select Prime only on search.
It wasn't clear in Amazon advertising that a wireless computer output was necessary for this device to function. A waste of time.
Let me start off by saying that the box itself works well, allowing me to instantly stream HD quality movies to my TV without any annoying freezing or choppiness.  My major beef with this product is the continued absence of the Amazon Cloud music player and HBO/MAX go.  One major selling points for me was the ability to stream my expansive Amazon music library through the box.  Now, nearly two months after its launch, Amazon still hasn't made it possible to do so.  Unacceptable.  Will significantly alter review if/when Amazon finally includes what was promised of this product.
The Amazon Fire TV box and remote was fine, except it did not meet my television specifications, really needed a digital to analog converter box.
The selections are limited.  I hope that Amazon Fire TV becomes a disruptive product to NetFlix and Google offerings.  Further growth  in offerings perhaps in &#34;how to&#34; or &#34;learning areas&#34;, film festival movies, classic movies, and more stock market-info on the economy would be potential growth areas
The voice command feature is not functional as far as I can tell.  It is frustrating to repeat commands over and over again and never get a correct response.  I think the device has been overhyped by Amazon.  I think the device is just one more piece of electronic flotsam.
Works, but not as well as expected. I was looking forward to an easy to use addition to the TV.  No search mode for Amazon that I have been able to find. Also you should get the game control
On reviewing the Amazon Fire TV specs I'm not seeing how it is even as good as Roku 3 or even Roku 2.  I'm not a gamer but those I know have systems devoted to gaming first but games are no use to me anyway.  I'd miss a lot of Roku channels not available and Prime is just a rip off as far as streaming videos are concerned.  All the movies/shows on Amazon free with Prime are available on Netflix and every one I watch from Amazon I'd still have to pay the same price for with or without Prime.  Roku is actually cheaper than sited in the spec comparison, I got my Roku 3 new for $79 and you can get a Roku 2 much cheaper than that.  And as for the voice control, who cares?
Yes - this device has great specs and loads Netflix and Amazon videos almost instantly but then so does my several year old Roku 2. But - here is what they do not mention in their description and the reason I returned for a refund:1) USB port does not work - it is disabled and there is NO local media playback ability - sure they may add that later but then sell the device when it works. While they claim the device will support MP4, etc they apparently never tell you it is ONLY for streamed movies from their cloud storage or via PLEX (which by the way you have to pay $1 for reduced from $5 as of this review) which must host the videos on an HTPC (or a NAS) running a separate PLEX server app.2) There is no ability to increase local storage on the device for apps or games. If you intend to fill up the Fire TV with tons of channels and apps you are going to be in for a shock not just that the device will fill up quickly but most of the listed storage space is for the Android OS.3) Missing &#34;to be added later features&#34;. Yes, trust us - we will add them later. Great - then I will think about reordering again later when it works as advertised. A safe kids mode with full parental controls was one of the reasons I picked this up - the current set up is worthless is oh so many ways but wait a month and they will turn that on....sure. Until then let me keep it in a box...no...I'll just send it back.4) Voice search works great - but ONLY works for searching Amazon. Netflix, EPIX and other devs have already said they do not intend to allow the use of the voice search function so what then is the point of a global search that is not global?5) The Fire TV interface is just god-awful and if you thought Windows 8 Metro was annoying wait until you try and navigate your way around this monstrosity. Forget anyone under the age of 10 being able to use the device by themselves without frustration.6) The Netflix interface is about 4 years old - seriously - it is the old VHS box style icon interface that the Roku/WD and even Netflix's web interface had years ago. While old school it is still viewable but half the screen disappears as you scroll through titles with the right half of the screen used to show you the details and synopsis of the movie so you can see only a few titles at a time while simply browsing. Also while in Netflix Kids mode there is an icon top dead center that allows crafty 4 year-olds to simply switch back to the primary Netflix account screen to view all the R rated content they want without a PIN - yeah....great design all around.This device has the ability to be pretty good but as of today it is sorely unfinished and rushed to market with just too many lose ends that need to be tied up. Wait a month or so before ordering or get just an Apple TV, Roku 3 or any other streaming device until they come out with Fire TV version 2.
Bought this for my mom... The ad on anazon makes I look like there's a separate amazon instant video app which if there is. I can't find. Netflix will work on it but amazon Instant video doesn't. Defeats the point of buying it
Didn't do any more than the free Amazon movies.
I don't like much because fire tv don't have more apps compare to other streaming players. I can recommend this product.
I HAVE LIVED IN THE HEART OF SILICON VALLEY FOR OVER 45 YEARS AND WORKED FOR SEVERAL HIGH TECH COMPANIES. THE INSTRUCTIONS THAT ARE INCLUDED IN THIS PRODUCT ARE SO VAGUE AND UNCLEAR, AT LEAST FOR ME, A RETIRED SENIOR CITIZEN AND FORMER EXECUTIVE IN THE HIGHT TECH INDUSTRY. TO BEGING WITH, ONCE YOU CONCECT THE DEVICE TO YOUR TV, IT AKS YOU FOR YOUR ID AND PASSWORD; BUT THEY NEVER TELL YOU HOW TO ENTER THE INFORMATION. AFTER 2 HOURS OF RESEARCH, I DISCOVED THAT YOU HAVE TO PRESS THE BIG ROUND BUTTON FOR THE KEY BOARD TO APPEAR. SECOND, TO LOOK AND SELECT THE APPLICATIONS IS ANOTHER NIGHTMARE; AND THEY DO NOT AUTOMATICALLY APPEAR WHEN YOU SELECT THE PORT FROM YOUR TV. THIRD, TO HAVE THE CAPTIONS APPEAR TOOK ME ANOTHER 3 HOURS OF RESEARCH, AND THERE IS NO PHONE NUMBER THAT YOU CAN CALL. FOURTH, I HAVE A SLIGHT ACCENT, THEREFORE, THE VOICE INSTRUCTION ARE A NIGHTMARE TO USE. IT NEVER UNDERSTAND WHAT I SAY. FIFTH, IF YOU LET YOUR TV IDLE FOR MORE THATN 10 MINUTES, THE DIVICE HIGHJACKS YOUR TV AND GIVES YOU THE MOST BEAUTIFUL SCREEN SAVER PHOTOS IMAGINABLE; BUT THEN, YOU HAVE TO SELECT THE HDMI PORT TO WATCH TV AGAIN. OTHER THAN THAT IT IS A GOOD PRODUCT. I WOULD HAVE RETURNED, IF IT WEREN'T FOR THE HASSLE.
It took sometime to set this up and seemed to work pretty well sometimes and at other times doesn't.  I would not buy thisagain.
No matter how convenient these TV/widget devices get, most of the free content out there is old stuff you have probably already seen a number of times or junk that you wouldn't want to waste time watching! This Amazon Fire TV gadget just gives you voice searching for the same old stuff!Paying for just a few of the newer content providers will run up a tab similar to paying a premium for Dish or Direct TV, so cutting the cable saves next to nothing! I cut the &#34;cable cord&#34; back in 2009 and soon discovered that unless I was willing to pay for a few select context providers like Amazon Prime, Hulu+, Redbox, Netflix or iTunes, the free stuff was no better than the 200+ channels on cable that were not worth my time or money. When I switched to streaming there where no gadgets like this Fire TV or anything else and most of the LED flat screen TV's were just beginning to put a few providers widgets on their TV's. I set up with a 2009 Mac Mini with 4 gigs of ram to a 55 inch Samsung LED TV. This set up allowed me to surf the net, email, news or watch what ever content was available on the internet and did not confine me to a few widgets!Entertainment choices have gotten somewhat better since 2009, but these widget gadgets like Fire TV are really not much more than a few of the most common and old content providers icons to a limited experience and seem quite useless to me!
Product not ready for continuous operation. Failed voice. Then entire unit failed. Too expensive, if only single sources for videos.
Purchased this devise to watch both Netflix and Amazon.  After working with it for hours, guess what? Netflix is not compatible with Amazon.  Since I already enjoy Netflix, and use a cheapo Chromecast that works just fine,  I may send this back.  If someone could enlighten me, I would appreciate it.
The remote control broke after 30 days....and the free movies they boast about, it's not available,  u have to pay for them
Reading the description and specs for the Amazon Fire TV I think my Roku II that I recently purchased for $79 has a better feature. While the Amazon Five TV has a faster processor and more memory the overall speed will still be dependent on the internet download speed and the quality of the wireless router. I traded up to the new Roku II because when I used headphones there was no volume control with the old Roku. With the new Roku II and Roku III you can plug headphones into the remote and it has a volume control. Since I like to use headphones, especially if I am on my exercise bike, that feature alone makes the Roku a better choice. Amazon needs to consider that with their next model. Speaking of which my Kindle Fire has become quickly outdated as the new models have rapidly come to market. Will that be the same for Amazon Fire TV?
After reading reviews I cant afford the risk of a household full of kids buying shows instead of watching free tv and games.... let me know when changes are made so it is clear or controllable to choose between free and pay. Love Amazon but not at any cost. Netflix and Hulu have it figured out so Amazon could do the same.
I am sending it back.  I thought it would let me search current regular network TV shows or On demand TV shows.  As far as I can tell it only lets me search my prime stuff.  I can get all of that with my Kindle Fire HDX and my &#34;Pushtotv300&#34;
I bought this for my parents who currently have satellite internet and only local channels. They are permitted a set amount of internet usage a day and the set up alone for this went over their daily limit. This is my fault for not researching the requirements for this device a bit more.
I have high speed Internet but I can not get anything on it.  I will say it is very easy to set up, anyone can do it.
I like my ROKU since it was $50 dollars cheaper and I was able to get BYUtv and other stations which are not available with Amazon Fire TVMake sure and check all the channels available on BOTH before you buy!!!
I was looking into this to replace cable, but it falls far short. Perhaps if there was a video on all of the navigation needed to get full use of the product? That would be helpful.
The streaming service was down the minute I plugged it in. A system-wide problem, but what a disappointment. I didn't find it easy to use or navigate.
I am a Amazon Prime member, and it's now $99 a year for membership.  This box should be free or have an extreme discount on it for us prime members!
Nice to see the optical along with HDMI, Gigabit (I believe I am right about that), and a/b/g/n wifi.In all sincerity, I post the following suggestions/questions:Where is VUDU? Where is THEBLAZE? (has been in the top 10 most popular paid apps on ROKU for over 2 years since its launch)When are any of you going to make a 3D capable model since THERE ARE NONE?!I can see paying up to another $50 for that and true 1080p capability + 3D + Kindle audio book reading from non audio Kindle books. I have been a faithful Prime and Amazon Instant Video streaming subscriber since I completely dumped satellite for internet TV and would love to use an Amazon device over Roku. However, if you do not offer the VUDU app, The BLAZE, and 3D, I really do not have a need for this device much as I would love an excuse to spend money on it.Please take this into consideration.
As a Smart TV owner and heavy user of Netflix and HBOGo, I didn't find any benefit from Amazon Fire TV since the search doesnt consider these apps into account. I am also wondering if I can directly stream  my laptop content to my TV by using Amazon Prime, since it'd make my life easier especially when I need to watch movies on my TV.
I have two ROKUs and one WD liveTV 1080P. The Amazon fire TV does nothing special compared to other streaming devices out there. I expected a lot more from Amazon than what it actually is. So, I will straight get into pro and cons.Cons:&#8226; The usage of USB port is a mystery! It is just there for show. Lets just be honest, no one is going to hook up their mobiles and game controllers to be charged (usb port is in the back of the device). If a streaming device has a USB port, the expectation is that you will be able to hook up an external storage device to access personal photos and videos. Looks like Amazon just added a USB port and got confused. So, they left it at that! WD live TV does a better job in connecting external storage and sharing over the network.&#8226; It does not work with old HDMI (Monster) cables. I had to swap out my old cable with a newly bought &#8220;Amazon&#8221; HDMI cable.&#8226; Not much App support. If you are an Amazon prime member then there is really no need of apps like Neflix, Holu plus, Crackle and such. So, you really are using Amazon content ONLY! Roku does a better job in terms of Apps supported. It has far too many.Pros:&#8226; Looks and feels solid. Does not feel like those plastic boxes&#8226; ScreensaverBottom line: This is NOT a full-fledged streaming device. If you are new to Internet streaming  , you will just be fine with this box.
I thought Amazon Fire TV was supposed to be top of the line with new technology?  Why no wireless a/c 5 ghz wifi connection? Now I feel that I'm on Shark Tank............ &#34;For this alone, I'm out.. &#34;
All the apps are now on the smart TV, that's what I have so there was no point in getting the  box. Thought this box has subscriptions to Hulu Plus, Netflix and all the apps this box has to offer but that's not the case. SO very misleading ads...
Not worth the money. It doesn't come with any plugs so you have to go out and buy those HDMI cables. After I bought the cables I found out my TV only had one port, which held my cable box. I was told I could get a converter which I priced........86.00. So, fire tv 99.00 then 86.00 the the cost for the HDMI cable...well you get the idea. Not worth it, I got NETFLIX. I'll watch that on my Kindle Fire.
For a product being touted as THE set top box, I must say I find it disappointing.  On the surface, it seems like a wonderful piece of technology, and for most people it may be.  However, as a consumer who has digitized his entire media collection to stream throughout my home, it fall considerably short.I almost purchased one, full of excitement at the prospect of being able to smash my Roku's with a hammer.....only to see that 97% of my movie collection will not even play on the Fire.  I have mostly .avi and .mkv containers, and while I could probably allow the Plex app to transcode them....I would much prefer the ability to direct play.
Awsome but I refuse to give it 5 stars till I can watch AP movies on my Samsung Note Pro 12.2 that I bought on Amazon and I can listen to my music I purchased on Amazon, when that happens I will give it 5 stars
I own 3 generations of Roku.  None will decode DD+ unless you go through HDMI since the newest generation has no audio out except for HDMI.  I tried an hdmi splitter that separates audio from video, but none will also decode DD+.I want a streaming box that can link to vudu which has high video quality and DD+ 7.1 sound on many movies.  Is vudu an available channel?There is nothing in the product information that indicates that vudu is an available channel.  vudu gets movies faster than amazon and netflix.  I am guessing the channel is not included because it competes too well with amazon?  I do stream many prime amazon movies and many many recent TV episodes.I don't see a question about section for this produce and no place to email amazon for an answer.
The Fire has very limited apps. Most glaringly is the absence of HBO Go. And I discovered another annoyance; the remote needs a line of sight to the device. I don't have that problem with the Roku. And the Roku's menu is more intuitive. Amazon has released an inferior product at the same price point as a far better device.  Until Amazon can get its act together, get a Roku or Blu Ray. You'll thank me.Update: I'm sending back and getting another Roku. It's actually a little cheaper than the Fire TV and is far superior for what it's supposed to be; streaming TV. It's like the Fire is trying to be a game system and media streamer all in one and failing at both. So, they're charging me $7 for the privilege of reviewing their piece of sh....junk. Thanks for nothing.
This box looks like it'd work quite nicely for a fairly simple home use scenario, but as far as I can tell it doesn't have an IR port so it can't be used with a Harmony or other universal remote.  Also, folks with local media (particularly MKV files) appear to be left out.  This may not be as much an issue if Fire TV supports Plex, but for me it's a show-stopper.The WDTV Live would be a better choice for folks who have their own media to play, plus it's a bit cheaper:http://www.amazon.com/Live-Media-Player-Wi-fi-1080p/dp/B005KOZNBWAlas, it doesn't stream Amazon video, but my TVs both do.
WOW where do I begin! First I'll say I was excited to get this item in 1 day instead of the Primes 2 day shipping but man, once I got it, wow, it sure was NOT as easy to hook up and the Amazon Fire TV platform page outlines. You'd think it would have been and I actually did my research before buying the thing. I had to call in Amazon twice for help and the representatives were as clueless as I was. No one was helpful AT ALL and they just seemed to say, &#34;I'm sorry you're having that issue...&#34; Well me too and after spending $100 on the machine, after already spending $75 on Prime membership, what is the worth of switching over???That's all I was asking myself the whole time while setting this thing up. I had to move my whole living space around because the system has to be set up with Ethernet AND HDTV Cable, so you're modem has to be close to the tv system, which ours was not! Yeah, re-decorating and trying to figure this out, NO!!!!! After paying for the system you should get all the apps free. Why pay for the box, to have to pay for all the memberships, very expensive Roku box!
TV shows stream OK with no lag, but I hoped to use this device to browse the Internet.  As of now that is not possible because there is no browser.  It works Ok for what it is - but if you want to use it for general things then use a PC or laptop.  If it ever does get a browser, then this device could also use a combination Bluetooth keyboard and mouse.  Amazon touts their intuitive navigation, but that is not my experience.  Amazon says it has 200,000 shows, but you can't just poke around and look at all of them, you have to use its interface which is slanted toward what they want you to view or buy.  The voice search works OK - but you can't just poke around.  Also, I will probably have to enable parental controls just to keep myself from accidentally buying something when I just planned on looking at it.
If you are willing to pay high fees for content you have already seen on tv multiple times this is for you. Otherwise, maybe tv isn't so expensive, after all. You need deep pockets to take advantage of this expensive toy.
Advertisement failed to properly warn user that unless reception system had adequate thru-put capacity, buffering and pauses when projected on common large TV screens in use today, would be excessive.I felt lied to by Amazon for having failed to adequately warned the purchaser of this. I will distrust Amazon in the future. It is too big and too well-respected to fail in this regard. Shame on it.
I'm docking it a star for the price.  I think they could throw the optical cable out and price it based on what it will cost in a year, getting it down to at least $80.When I was a kid, we had a voice activated TV.  We had three channels and our parents would say- "Turn it to channel 5." or "Turn it to channel 9."Then came cable w/ 100 channels, but luckily we had a remote.Then came on demand.  Right- Right- Right- Down- Down- ENTER.  Left- Left- Up- Enter.  Oh darn.  Down- Down- Backspace/Enter UP-UP Left-Enter.  Well, 15 minutes later your "On demand command" was in there and *THEN* you instantly got your program.  This voice activation rocks.The apps seem a bit light, but it's a very nice piece of h/w.  I'm sure the apps will build out.&lt;Several weeks later>I just docked it 2 more stars and unplugged it.  My Roku has the content-apps I need.  So does my Kindle Fire HDx for that matter.  This doesn't have content.  I'll consider increasing the stars when it has :ABC/NBC/Colbert/Fox/Fox Biz, etc like Hulu and HDx.  Roku is up and Stossel is back!
Interface is awkward to use. Hoping they improve it over time with software updates.I have netflix, hulu plus and amazon prime. When I search for Avengers, first option they show is to pay to watch it when it's free via all three. Need better way to get contents to customers.
I purchased the Fire TV mostly for the improved closed captioning over my older roku.  In that respect it was a decent improvement.  However, I had no idea the app selection would be so poor.  No mlb?  Also has problems skipping now and then when streaming with Netflix.  No problem with Prime, and speed is very good.  For the price, one should expect more from Amazon.
I purchased this device to replace my Apple TV. The device at first was excellent, it had easy setup, a fast quad-core processor and an excellent interface. As I started to use the device I noticed some oddities, Voice Search only works with the Amazon side of it, you can not use voice search for Netflix or any of the other apps outside of launching it. After using the device for an even longer period of time I noticed that items were not as easy to find as on other devices. And lastly, the apps that are downloaded to the device are old versions, one thing I like about my Apple TV is that everything is always up to date. This is a nice device, and I am sure many will like it, I am just not one of the many.
I've bought Amazon Fire TV so I can mostly use it with my Netflix subscription.I'm using Netflix with my iPads and Computers and the streaming quality is good (even when I force standard resolution).But on the Amazon Fire TV the picture is pixelated on the 55 inch TV ;(But Amazon Prime content quality is really good.My conclusion - Netflix App on Amazon Fire TV sucks (The App implementation on Amazon Fire TV specifically).Amazon should work with Netflix to make it work properly to make it a great product!
I was happy w/ the product for several weeks- really a good step forward for homes looking to ditch cable. The voice search works well, but unfortunately only w/ Amazon's content (you still have to do the clunky typing to search all other providers like Netflix, Hulu, etc.). but after 3-4 weeks, the remote stopped working. Amazon replaced it, so they stand behind it just fine.One remote reset trick is to hold the &#34;home&#34; button for ~15 seconds, which they say re-pairs the remote w/ teh box. that worked once for me, and only for about 20 seconds. then it was just dead until the new unit arrived.
So my wife ordered the Fire TV for me as a gift, I had talked about ordering one but wasn't sure so she thought it'd be a nice gift. I was happy when I got it, it feels heavy, solid, very well built so no complaints there. I also have an Apple TV, a PS3, and an Xbox I use for streaming videos as well as my pc and my mac. The Fire TV is the worst offender when it comes to freezing and loading endlessly. Now I could go into the technical aspects and I'm sure some of you will rip my review because I'm not going to bother with specs. My wife and I are both techs and I don't care to throw around big words to try and impress anyone I like to keep it simple. Netflix plays just fine with zero issues on every other device except the Fire TV. Hulu streams just fine on every other device except the Fire TV. The Fire TV freezes and loads constantly makes zero difference if it is hardwired or wireless. Fire TV drops the connection when every other device has no issues connecting. I have tried it with a low load on the wireless (disconnected almost every other device) still no difference in performance. Very disappointing attempt from Amazon in my humble opinion. Not sure if they plan on updates to try and fix the issues but they really should.
So voice search doesn't search within or across video sources - they all go to Amazon for rent, purchase, etc.  For example, I own and ripped Heartbreak Ridge, putting it on my home plex server.  Searching for the movie title takes one out of the Plex app and into Amaxon Instant.  Interface-wise, it's a little more zippy than roku 3 and AppleTV3, but not appreciably, and without DLNA support, I'm not happy with it.  Further, it seems to create choppy video symptoms about 2 out of 5 times.
There are major problems with the Amazon Fire TV that render it less useful than a PS3 or Xbox360.- This cannot mirror your desktop from any device except a Kindle Fire.  That means that you can't get any of the functionality from a computer internet browser and have to rely solely on apps and cloud storage.- The app selection is weak, which makes the problem of not mirroring your PC much worse. There is no HBOGO app.  You can purchase HBO shows from amazon but why would you want to purchase show individually when an HBO subscription allows you to watch any show for free?  Forget watching Game of Thrones or any of the amazing shows HBO has made without paying for them all over again.  There is in SEC Network app or many others.The Amazon Fire TV is super fast, looks amazing, incredibly intuitive, has a great interface, the voice feature works almost perfectly and quickly, is small and attractive, the control is simple and great, and ... it can't even bring the content to your screen that an average gaming system brings.  There is really no reason to have it which is incredibly disappointing considering if I could just connect to my desktop and install common sense apps it would be my favorite device in my living room.  Instead, I'm returning it.
The voice activation feature is nice but not being able to tell what items are free vs. paid is extremely frustrating and I suspect this was an intentional design to bolster rental fees.
What can I say? The search button doesn't work with Netflix and finding &#34;free&#34; content on prime is hard because it's interspersed with for-pay-only content.
I've been eagerly awaiting the introduction of this product since the rumors began, but now must say that I am sadly disappointed. Not only does it offer less content than either the chromecast or roku devices I already own, but it also costs more than both of them COMBINED ($50 for new roku &#34;stick&#34;, $35 for chromecast). It also has the old-fashioned set-top box form factor which adds to the clutter in my living room. Granted it has a nice remote with advanced voice recognition, but I would trade that in an instant for chromecast's ability to search for content on a phone, tablet or PC and then send it to the big screen with a tap.My biggest gripe, however, is with Amazon's apparent war against the android community. Not only can you not access google content (apps, movies, music, etc) from Kindles or Fire TV but Amazon also seems to be trying to block their own prime movies from being viewed on android devices. I've been a Prime member since day one and Amazon has been my go-to source for nearly everything, but I'm also a heavy user of google applications, cloud services, email and android devices. Amazon seems determined to force me to choose between them instead of helping me smoothly integrate the two. For that reason alone I'm finding myself leaning more toward google content and less toward Amazon lately. Hopefully Amazon will get over whatever their problem with android is and restore my faith.In the meantime, a combination of chromecast and roku sticks meets my needs better at a lower cost. And I only use the roku for Amazon Prime movies since there is no supported Prime app for android.
For my parents, Fire is essentially plug and play.  Setup is a breeze and the interface is fast and slick.  The voice search function is pretty cool.  Amazon had a chance to hit this one out of the park, but for reasons that make no sense to me chose to cripple their box with old technology (no Gigagbit ethernet ports), no ability to play the array of media files that many, if not most, media players play natively, no native ability to support streaming from your NAS, and, on what good have been the one distinguishing feature -- accessing Amazon's vast free content for Prime members -- not even present!  I have a KDLinks HD720 on my main &#34;audiophile&#34; home theater system and it works flawlessly, but doesn't access Amazon Prime content because its Linux-based.  I figured that I would get the Fire for the bedroom so my wife could easily access the Prime free content, and the voice search was cool.Although I knew about the weak media player performance of Fire, I also read that Plex, which I use on my NAS, iPad, iMac, etc. solves the problem of streaming my content from my NAS in any format that Plex will handle (almost everything).  Plus, as I said, I liked Fire's supposedly easy access to the free movie content through Amazon Prime, like I do with the iPad app. Wrong. First, as others have pointed out, unlike it's own Apple App Store app, there is no way to sort the free Prime content from the Pay content . . . What? Amazon's app for the iPhone has more functionality than it's own app in it's own box? WTF? Second, although the majority of my video content on my NAS plays just fine through Plex's app on Fire ($4.99), enough movies either don't play at all or don't play the soundtrack, just the video (some AVI, some MKV) to be very annoying. Those same movies play fine on every other device on which I have Plex installed, as well as my other media player. Therefore it is clearly a Fire problem. This device has great potential, but its usefulness is limited now. My KDLinks HD 720 plays everything there is, including DTS-HD 5.1 music files! Getting disorganized access to Amazon Prime is not worth its inexcusable lapses as a media player. It's definitely going back to Amazon, and I'm getting another KDLinks for the bedroom. Fire has the potential to be great, but its definitely not ready for &#34;prime&#34; time, pun intended.
For some reason, this thing just had connectivity issues with my network - the same network that works fine for my Roku, TiVo and Apple TV.  I had planned to replace the Roku as I liked the idea of the search function, but if it doesn't connect, more efficient searches aren't really that helpful.  I ended up returning it and hooking the Roku back up.
I commend Amazon for trying to finally put out a proper Google based media streamer and even though it blows away the competition in raw power it falls short in lack of content. To me this is an unfinished product and not in the hardware sense but in software. I knew full well that HGOGO was not available yet but will be later this year so I bought it anyway thinking I would use Showtime to get me by. I was wrong. There are only less than a dozen cable companies that support this device and my cable company isn't one of them. I can't use any app that requires a Charter login so it pretty much leaves me with HULU, Neflix and Amazon Prime. To me that isn't worth $100.I also purchased it with using PLEX in mind but that will run another $5 and the app isn't even up to date. I know $5 isn't a lot but why do I have to pay for it here when you can download it for free on the Roku? This device isn't ready for the living room, not until Amazon comes to terms with most of the service providers. The games are ok but truth be told I didn't buy this device for that purpose. The Fire TV has the potential to be the undisputed king of media streamers but until they can iron out agreements with most of the service providers I would have a hard time recommending this device over the Roku 3. Its going back to Amazon for now but I am keeping my fingers crossed they fix the issues I mentioned above.
i have had Apple TV for a while and wanted to try the NEW Amazon Fire TV.  It was great packaging; easy to open and a snap to get started. But that is where easy ended.  It is soooo harder than Apple TV to find anything.  I have hulu plus and netflix along with amazon prime.  Unless I know what I want to watch I cannot find anything; in other words there is no such thing as picking a genre and looking through all the shows in that genre and picking a show.  I just hate my amazon fire tv and wish I never would have bought it.  No instructions either so there is a book on amazon to purchase but some of the reviews were just not positive.
My husband and I had been contemplating updating our 10+ year old a/v set up, but had been putting it off due to the fact that our SD 27&#34; CRT worked just fine, thank you. We streamed Netflix through our Wii, listened to music by plugging in a mostly defunct laptop to the receiver and called it a day. Then HD & digital TV became the norm. We had to upgrade our directv box. Then there were the small kids beating on the television. It was time to upgrade and one of the things that pushed was the idea of speaking our choices for tv as our 4yo isn't quite the speller yet. The idea of her watching MLP without waking us up on a Saturday morning danced in our heads. Then Amazon dangled the free trial, and we were sold.The weekend before, we finally bit the bullet and upgraded our system - new Smart TV, new bluray player and receiver were all set up when the FireTV box arrived. We plugged it in and tested the voice commands. It worked! It brought up the Amazon Prime listing we were looking for - huzzah! But wait---this show is free on Netflix. Maybe we need to have that logged in for the search to pull that option as well. But that didn't work. The voice search only searches Amazon's selections and not everything that can be accessed via the box. Our dreams are crushed. We check our bluray & television and both can get the Amazon Instant Video and the television even has the new cloud music player. The FireTV goes back in the box and back to Amazon.The ease of use is stellar, the choices are clean and clear and the voice recognition is about par with the one on my car / phone / Siri. If you do not have a Smart TV or app-enabled bluray player, this may be a great solution for you to get your Amazon fix and other apps.In the event that Amazon launches version 2.0 that has the voice search for all the apps, I may be the first in line. Until then, it's a pretty box that makes Amazon stuff easier and that isn't quite enough yet for me.
Poor choice of movies, voice command doesn't work.  I have to pay for any type of current movies if they even have them.  I thought the Amazon Prime I subscribe to would not charge extra for movies.  What is the sense of a subscription?
Really fast going between menu's but very slow and buggy in every other aspect.  I like where they are going with this but still alot of bugs to work out.
Does not work with Comcast Showtime. Voice activation only works with Amazon selections. Not well with netflix or others. Apple TV is a better choice at this time. Very limited app selections.
Even though I'm on line, Amazon Fire won't stay on line. I watched a movie last night and it lost connection 6 time during the movie. If it continues to do this, I'll dump it.
I love my roku and was so excited that amazon was coming out with a product -- believing that if it was from amazon it would be great.  I purchased this as a gift for my parents and when we worked with it found that when searching for a movie always got kicked out of the app we were at and redirected to the amazon -- pay for movie app.  This is very frustrating and my parents immediately didn't want it because of the frustration level.  I sent it back and got a roku for my parents and they love it!  Amazon was very quick with the return and refund -- that is what I expect from amazon -- but this product they are going to have to up their game to live up to &#34;amazon standards&#34; I have come to expect.  this product also does not support the acorn tv app ---  that is also frustrating.
I was disappointed at the lack of channels offered by Amazon Fire - it in no way compares to my Roku. I am hoping that this is a matter of it being so new and other apps and channels will be added in the future. One of the reasons I was excited about the Amazon Fire was voice searching. I have just discovered that the voice search only works with Amazon Prime -- not for other channels like Netflix. While I have no complaints for it's performance, I will continue to recommend going with the Roku
No matter how good the box is, Prime is still $99/ a year for shows that you still have to pay to watch.the offering of shows included in the membership that do not cost you additional is slim and conveniently blended into the pay to view content.  Most if not all seasonal shows have the 1 maybe 2nd season free then all subsequent seasons are pay per view.=there is no value here.  Netflix beats Prime hands down.
No MLB.tv. No ABC. No HBOgo. No NHL. No ACC network, which makes me skeptical about SEC Network.Device is easy to setup, and it's quick. But until the app selection is more robust, it's simply not worth the money when you can get ROKU for half the price.
When comparing Roku and Fire, I don't see a reason to choose fire tv over roku. Amazon advertized games but really how many people would play games with fire tv not with high performance device like xbox/ps. Roku has more coverage for apps like dish world which allows users to watch international tv network. Customer care for fire tv has no idea about when these apps would be available for users. When I mailed customer care, I received a standard copy paste answer without any specifics.My email to customer care was: I couldn't see the app from dishworld on fire tv so reaching out to you. [...]I am planning to buy fire TV but more of the apps are already available on my LG smart TV. one of big use of fire TV for me would be to watch dishworld (For Indian channels in USA). Do you have a plan to add dishworld support on fire TV?Amazon's response:Hello,Thank you for showing your interest in Fire TV.I understand you want to see dishworld app on Fire TV.It is always important for us to hear how customers react to all aspects of shopping at Amazon.com. Strong customer feedback like yours helps us continue to improve the selection and service we provide.I appreciate your thoughts, and I've forwarded your comments to appropriate department and we'll consider your comments as we plan further improvements.We are always striving to provide the best possible service to all of our customers. Your comments will help us make this service more convenient for all users. Thanks for taking time to offer us your thoughts.We always like to hear from our customers, and we're glad you took the time to write in; we appreciate your loyalty. If there are any aspects of our service that we can improve, please do not hesitate to say so.Thank you for your continued patience and understanding. We value your business and hope to see you again soon at Amazon.com.
While the concept of this is nice, there are way too many simple choices that aren't even available.  My son and I were watching the Sarah Connor Chronicles from like 2007.  We got all the way through the first season and were on episode 14 of the second season.  All of the sudden they decided we had to pay for the rest of the shows.  I called and spoke with the &#34;Fire TV&#34; people (some guy from a different country), and he informed me that they can change whatever they want.  He was nice enough to at least &#34;add&#34; the rest of the season to our watch list.  However, this is a ridiculous policy and if they ever really want to keep customers, they need to stop being so cheap.  I would rather pay a little more and get decent movies than to pay $99 for crap
You are stuck with whatever Amazon offers. It is not like Kindle where you can download apps. No browser, no apps.
I found after only having this product for less than 6 hours of using this product it would cost a fortune to rent movies. Not only having to rent the movies the selection of what was mentioned in the selling advertisement you get thousands of free movies and other things you certainly DO NOT. It also will block your digital antenna from picking up your T.V.  channels. I only had 2 channels that would work when this was plugged into my T.V I had to unplug the power plug of this product to be able to view my T.V.  channels again. Not happy with this product and feel paying $99.00 to listen to a lot of music channels and music free wasn't worth the price. Biggest gripe is not much of selections of free movies and I can rent movies elsewhere cheaper. The good side of this product was the setup was very easy, plug in and go, but one flaw you need internet. REALLY. Why buy a product to view movies and games if you have internet and pay for it? I would not recommend this product as it would be very costly and not a big selection of free movies or T.V. channels or shows free. You have to purchase those to.  I certainly returned the product based on it would cost a fortune to view movies and not a lot of selection of movies or games. Glad I didn't purchase a game remote.
If you are looking for a device which stream Amazon Prime, go for it. If you want to browse the internet, or use some other streaming service, think twice. It has go a powerful voice search and speed
IF you own other apple products, iphone, ipad, ipod touch, macbook pro etc. I would go with apple TV, where as the Fire does have more services built in than Apple tv3 you can  still stream the same apps from your ipad or macbook,  as a pro AV installer I find the voice feature a bit cheese , most systems I install I use Harmony remotes and they cannot control the Fire as it is not an IR based remote, I don;t think anyone is really going to care about video games on it,  If you don;t own apple products and are not using it on a custom install, i guess it would be fine
I won't touch on a lot of things that have already been discussed... however, there's a couple of things that are driving me a little stir crazy.  First, what are coins?  And, what are there use?  Given that this should be an intuitive device, the fact that I'm asking shows that either I'm out of touch, or now where on the product description does it mentioned that you will constantly harassed about coin use, or buying more coins.  These coins feed into the &#34;GAMES&#34; -- which I didn't purchase it for this, my two sons picked up on it quickly -- and heck, the games were advertised as &#34;FREE&#34; -- so, I'd try.  Well, now I have to use these mythical coins and purchase more -- after the kids are sucked into the game.  Not cool  -- charge me a fair price, and give me access to the entire game -- don't misrepresent a game as free -- ESPECIALLY AS A KIDS GAME -- and then 20 seconds into the game, suck the parents into what could only be described as a ransom.  The &#34;despicable me&#34; game is especially despicable for these practice -- shame on the designer, and especially shame on Amazon allowing or profiting from this.While the bluetooth remote is okay -- why not add a receiver for those of us with system remotes such as the harmony.  Now the fire is the only product which needs its own remote, which gives me a reason to grind my teeth every time i see it.i do enjoy watching prime content -- but, honestly the things above really detract from the experience and at the margin make my other systems using Apple TV and Roku so much more transparent and honest when I know what i'm paying for the content that I'm consuming.
Might be a victim of hype, but Fire TV didn't meet my expectation.  Honestly, don't see evidence it's &#34;game changing&#34;.
Not excited about this at all...prime membership gets you very little to see in movies and shows...all other apps just are there so you can either join for monthly fee or pay for movies...
The device on paper is fantastic and if physically in the US , there is a lot of potential , but I'm working now in Iraq and this thing is almost useless, Cannot load any of the apps or games not even a simple browser . An android stick will be better, at least you have access to the android store which you do not have with this device. Only apps managed to load is Vevo .. but I can do the same with a lot cheaper devices
The only good thing about the Fire TV box is the You Tube app, which is unavailable at this time for my Roku 2 XS.For $99 I'd expect something a lot more advanced than my Roku, but the Fire TV doesn't have room to expand the memory, which my Roku does, and ships without any kind of cable. At least Roku includes a composite cable with their product. Every time I try to use the Fire TV I get a failed or fair Wi-Fi connection and have to power it down and back up to get the connection back. The fling feature is kind of cool, but anything I would fling to the tv is pretty much available from my cloud account anyway. The one use I have for that feature right now is to play my Amazon mp3's. I have not found an app to replace the Cloud Player, which is not available for some unfathomable reason, so I don't have direct access to play my music from the Fire box.There are far fewer apps available for the Fire TV than Roku offers. Wouldn't you think they'd have a better selection than Roku prior to launching a hot new product line? I'll probably regret getting the first version on the market because next year they'll have a new version that addresses these issues and they'll increase the price, like they did with the Kindle Fire HD and HDX.I won't be spending another $99 and up to buy the new and improved Fire TV.
If you aren't using an UHD TV, this is a great product.  I almost kept it just for the voice search... which is marvelous.  However, my TVs are UHD, and even with an outboard Sekei U-Vision 4K upscaler, the picture quality is ... meh.  I get a much better picture viewing Amazon Prime TV using scaling BD players, and selecting Amazon Prime TV as the source, even though I lose voice search.So... if you're only using 720p,  this is a 5 star product.  With 1080p, 3 or 4 stars (not much HD content on Amazon).  But when you bump to 2160p, I think you'll prefer your smart hub or in-set upscaler.
When I got this device I was very excited about the voice search, since it's painful to type with the small remote on the Apple TV and on the Roku. Then I found out that the voice search only works globally and it doesn't return items on all applications.Browsing items to watch in this device is like walking through a minefield of pay-per-view items mixed with free-to-view items.I really don't understand what's the business model... If Amazon is trying to woe people to their service and away from Cable, what's the advantage when for most of the shows you have to pay $4.00+ dollars just to &#34;rent&#34;!In a month, that comes up to much more than the $150.00 many people trash on Cable service.Amazon should really go to a flat-fee all you can watch, even if the fee is higher than Netflix.
I had to return the product the same day I got it because of the remote. First of all, it was nearly impossible to open it. Finally, when I did and put in the batteries, I could not close the cover. It got stuck and since it is plastic, I was afraid it would crack. So, I packed it up and returned it for a refund.
The hardware spec are good, but the search is horrible and overall experience for streaming video is not as good as Chromecast which costs just one third of this device. It is able to get and hold a good wi-fi connection and is fast indicating good hardware. However, when searching for a movie or a program it searches it only for its Prime collection even when the program is available in Netflix. Too much shameless cross promotion of Amazon video content makes it lot less useful. Besides, it tries to be everything but I find a chromecast which is 1/3rd of the price of this box and much smaller a better value for money. One less remote to haggle around and I can cast my Chrome browser to my TV with any program and Chromecast has a lot larger selection of compatible streaming options even without the Chrome browser casting feature. May be Fire TV can catch up with Chromecast after two more iterations if Amazon can get out of its habit of intrusive self promotion in the device.
Good hardware, but the software and apps are not there yet. It is faster than the Roku 3, but the Roku 3 wasn't slow in the first place except when navigating their new Netflix app. The only two things I like better about the fire tv vs the Roku 3 is the Netflix app and the remote control. I wish Roku would adopt the netflix app that is on the fire tv, or at least go back to the one they had before they thought it needed updating. Also, I really do like the prime streaming service, the free content is nearly as good as netflix. But alot of the free stuff is in HD with no option to stream at lesser quality in order to save bandwidth. I, like many, don't have unlimited internet access.
I really wanted to like this device, but instead I've already stopped using it.  Amazon is trying waaaay too hard to get you to purchase movies and shows, at the expense of a good consumer experience.  For example: when you search for a movie or show, the results shown are always the purchase option- &#34;buy it for $1.99&#34;, &#34;but the season for ..&#34;.  You then have to click on the last option helpfully called &#34;Other ways to watch&#34; to find out that in fact this content is also available for free through your Amazon Prime subscription!  So basically I can't let my 6-yr old alone with this device or he will buy up a storm because that's the default option that's always presented to you and you have to go through several clicks to access the free option.  Another example: search doesn't show you that the content you just searched for is also available for free through your Netflix or Hulu Plus subscription.  Wow.  So then I set up a parental controls pin to prevent my 6-yr old from accidentally buying stuff.  Unfortunately, this means that I now have to enter the pin every time I want to watch something, even if its free.  Yikes!  So basically, my child can't use this player at all or I'd have to give him the pin and we'r eback to square one with him buying everything he wants to watch.  Hate this feeling, and don't expect it from Amazon, but yes folks, we're being ripped off.
I took the plunge and ordered this the day it was released and hit the one day shipping button. The set-up wasn't too bad. There was a problem with getting the device to update.  It refused a few time with an annoying message "try later". Once I get past this it the set up was fine.  The start up video was helpful.In terms of value, it isn't worth $100.  Overall, it is no better or worse than other offerings. It is okay but nothing more.And yes, throwing in a HDMI cable would have been a nice gesture.Update--After a month, I have to say that the device gets knocked down from three to two stars.  The search engine is not particularly friendly and the device drops its connection too frequently--particularly after a film ends.  If you own another box, there is little need to buy this one.
The unit is way too expensive when compared to chromecast and roku stick.  And as I stated in the headline, MLB is not availale on it.
Music Portion Works Fine, Can't Stream Onto Netflix, Hula Plus or Other Video Offerings. Downloads Updated After Several Attempts, Support WWW Address Advised To Be Contacted Could Not Be Found. DAY ONE, Radio Fine, Rest Very Poor.
I have a media library on one of my computers at home which I stream via a DLNA server (Serviio) to a TV (WD TV Live) and tablet.  There is no mention of DLNA anywhere on the Fire TV page so it seems safe to say this doesn't support it.  Too bad as the hardware specs look really good and my WD Live can be a bit slow and flaky at times.
It's a simple decision for me.  No HBO-GO means no deal.  If Amazon can add that, I'll be all in.  If not, it's Roku.
This box is great except there is no HBO go. I tried it out at a friends house and its cool if you watch a lot of Netflix and instant prime but I watch HBO go more often than either of those I can watch all 3 on my xbox so why spend the money just for voice search? The bottom line is if it had HBO go I would buy one tomorrow. No HBO go then no sale
Why would Amazon use a crazy idiot to pitch someone as cool as this.  Is it meant to be saying even a wild-eyed fool can use this technology?  Seriously, I would think twice about using anything that a flake like Gary Busey endorses or promotes.
Sounds like this is a great system, Why no HBO app?  Will consider buying when HBO app is added .
The Amazon Fire TV Appears to be Middle to Low Grade! It has 2GB DDR2 instead of 2GB DDR3, the CPU needs like the 801, I don't even know which OS it uses and I probably can't go to the Google play store for apps, needs a normal Android Launcher, I'd like to see the Qualcomm Adreno 330 or Power VR 6XXX Series GPU or even a Mali 7XXX Series GPU, a 1080p kernel, Bluetooth 4.0 is great, but needs at least 16GB Nand 8GB isn't big enough and NO Partitions, These days it needs to be able to put out 4K Video, Dual-band, dual-antenna Wi-Fi (MIMO) for faster streaming and  fewer dropped is another good feature, Maybe USB 3.0 for faster streaming and Data Transfers, Some people are Tech Savvy and know what they're talking about! I have a STB called Tronsmart Vega S89 with a Amlogic CPU that works like a Cortex A15, but it's a Cortex A9, Mali 450 Octacore GPU, 2GB DDR3, 16GB Nand and all the goodies I mentioned, It comes with Android 4.4.2 KitKat, but needs a lot of work on its OS and secondary launcher and it has a Status Bar to navigate with, but needs Volume up and down and a spot to turn it completely off! All and all they're not even close in one way or another! They all need to pay attention to the OS &#34;Operating System&#34; to many issues and UI &#34;User Interface&#34; Half the time the apps don't work and the device always has issues that make you sorry you bought it! If I had this Amazon Fire TV in my hands I could give it a better review!
Just read through the stats and I'm disappointed.A brand new box that doesn't support the AC wireless Wi-Fi.And, it doesn't have any audio out for headphones or for hearing aids which is a huge oversight ... not everyone who would buy this is 20 years old.Also it doesn't do the new UHD 4K video. Which may or may not be ok if your new UHD TV does a good job of upconverting but would be better if it put out UHD compatible video from the get - go.I'll wait for the next version or something else. Looks like a nice unit otherwise.
I was looking at Amazon Fire TV and considering it, but watching that silly commercial and the negative reviews helped me decide against trying it at all, at least for now.  I really don't understand why they thought that commercial was a good selling aid, it seemed so pointless and irritating it's a huge negative.  .
The world already has Apple TV.  Yeah it gives different options; but still it is a copy cat of the Apple TV.
doesnt go into sleep mode
After installing the device, a table of numbers & letters appeared on my TV requesting a password. I had not been provided any password in the packaging, so I used the PW that I always use to sign on to Amazon, which was not accepted. I contacted Amazon technical service and tried various methods of getting the device to accept a password, which included booting & rebooting several times, disconnecting & reconnecting all cables several times, changing my password. None of this helped and I returned the equipment to Amazon. If anyone else has had this type of problem which they were able to resolve, I would appreciate any feedback on your solution which might be applicable to my problem with this product.
first of all the build quality is excellent, the problem with this device is the prime content is very confusing and limited. pay and free items are all together and most titles are pay. Not having HBO GO is a huge problem and one that stands out when comparing it to other devices. It seems like everything it does offer you can get on a smart tv so why do you need it? I got this as a free trial for being an amazon prime member and I sent it back then day after I got it. It just doesn't compare to the Apple TV.
I ordered this expecting a couple of things that weren't there.1) USB support2) Infrared remote capabilityThe Roku 3 is slightly cheaper and has both of the above.Also I did not like the Amazon centric search.On the plus side. It is amazingly fast. Fix the above and I may re-order.
I received this device and it worked fine but didn't offer anything that didn't require a paid subscription. I already had a device through my DVD played which did the same. I can see any reason to pay $99 for this. Amazon should at least offer one year free subscription to Amazon Prime with this device.
I was very excited about purchasing this device.  My family has lived overseas in Europe and now Japan for four years now.  We frequently purchase and rent from I Tunes with our Apple TV.  This was going to add games plus a choice in who to rent or buy from.  After setting up the device here is what I found.  First, I am unable to manually configure the DNS Subnet to use my UNBLOCKUS account.  This prevents me from accessing several features of the product.  Second, the device does not have the capability of serving more than one account with Amazon Prime.  Apple TV stores multiple accounts on one device.  Third I find it confusing that Amazon offers Unlimited Video for Prime Members and some Video is even marked Prime exclusives, but you still have to pay to watch.  On the pro side I do like the Game function.
Was excited about the prospect of not having to type out search words to find movies on Amazon Instant Video, but this isn't the answer. The voice search feature was slow to react and took several tries to get the correct name or phrase. Movies and TV are lumped together and you have no choice but to scroll through the whole catalog. When you click on a choice, you don't see right away whether it's a Prime choice or a rental; you have to select the movie to see those options.Light gray type on a black background is almost impossible to read.Great idea, but doesn't work for us.
Amazon had a laundry list of things they wanted to fix about streaming set top boxes like the Roku, Apple, etc.: lock-in, poor user experience, poor searching, and speed were the biggest complaints that the FireTV was supposed to solve.Unfortunately, the FireTV only solves one of them: performance. Navigating the user interface is snappy. All other issues are present in spades. Lock-in is worse on the Amazon box than it is on Roku (cross-app searching right from the home menu on Roku). Roku provides iOS and Android apps for remote control; on the FireTV, you have to buy specifically a Kindle HDX.Amazon will only search its own content. Not only that, the search information offers no way to search only Prime content, and the banner that distinguishes prime from non-prime is quite small. It doesn't help that by default, your FireTV will come configured to purchase video automatically/pin-less.Since the voice search works only with Amazon content, each app provides its own search. The text entry varies from app to app; even on the Amazon side of the software stack, there are numerous different ways to enter text.All of this combines to make quite a poor user experience. At least on, for example, the Roku, there is basically one system-wide text entry system for all inputs.On the hardware side, the one good thing about the FireTV, it's snappy. Fast. Not a let-down here. One problem I have, though, is that HDMI device control will not work while the FireTV is plugged into my entertainment system; highly disappointing. Really frustrating when I want to watch on OTA program and Audio Return Channel has ceased to function just because the FireTV is plugged in.I contemplated sending the device back. But, I think I'll keep it. All of these problems (besides possibly the HDMI issue) are software - and that's fairly easily remedied, given time. I purchased this to upgrade my Roku XS instead of getting a Roku 3. In part this is because in December, Roku introduced a major software update that caused my Roku XS to crash just about every other night while streaming video. Many other people were affected (it seemed, from crawling the forums), but no update ever came to fix it. Roku was focused on the Roku 3. I didn't feel like rewarding Roku for this by buying their next piece of hardware.I hope that in the future, Roku will look at the FireTV and work on the responsiveness and speed of their UI. That was a long-standing issue I have had with all of their devices. Input lag is very irritating on all the Roku devices that I have used (which is all of them but the Roku 3.) Roku has more channels, cross-channel searching, and an even more open platform than what Amazon is selling here. Amazon has until the next Roku hardware iteration to solve their software issues - that will determine whether I stay with the Kindle platform or move back to Roku - or whatever seems like the best option.Ultimately, I think it will be trivial for Roku to fix the problems in their platform, while the FireTV has a long, tough climb ahead.
I have been using a Roku 2 for a couple years now, I have always wanted an easier way to search for content. The commercials show people searching for content simply by talking into the controller. This feature works, but only for content on Amazon NOT Netflix or other apps on the device, so this simplification only applies to Amazon content. Shows I can watch for free on Netflix cost $1.99 an episode on Amazon, and since Amazon 'talk search' only finds Amazon content I feel this product misleads consumers by inconvenience for a potential sale and seems a sort of dishonest. I recommend Amazon fix the feature to search through all applications for search requests. It is a great feature executed poorly. My second issue was a series of audio issues. Out of the box the Amazon TV is set for surround sound and without going into settings to make corrections the device had a high pitch 'feed-back' to the audio. I was able to fix this by changing the audio settings to HDMI, there is also an option to place the device on optical audio. My second audio issue was using Netflix on this device, some shows had audio while others did not. The fix is to uninstall and reinstall Netflix or to 'empty the cache' both are unnecessary steps that are time consuming. The device had this issue every time I used it and as a consumer I expect this product to require no technical support on my part. Lastly, Amazon TV has less applications than other media players, my biggest quirk is the absence of and inability to add additional news applications, oddly seems like a sort of censorship that a media player should not be imposing on the consumer. I have returned my Amazon Fire TV for a refund and would consider this product in the future once they correct the issues noted, other players on the market function better (less problems, more content) for the same price.
I have never owned a setup box like this before, no Apple TV, No Roku etc.  I have seen the others at friends houses and just didn't like the user experience..anyway.  Gave this one a try, don't really like it.  First, I have a trail Prime Membership and I can't tell 1/2 the time if the movie/tv episode is something I get for free or if I have to pay.  They make you dig down into the menu and select &#34;Amazon Prime&#34;.  So, you have to go through this for every thing you think you may want to watch just to check to see if you need to pay or not.  Speaking of paying, every single movie, episode has the pay link front and center, if you are entitled to watch it for free with your Prime Membership.  It is like Amazon, is trying to trick us into paying for something we don't need to...hmmm.  Don't like that at all.  The apps seem to be of poor quality, the Youtube app has onscreen directions that don't apply to the Fire TV, the onscreen keyboard is horrible to navigate.  When you get all the way to the end of a list it just stops instead of starting over from the beginning.  There doesn't seem to be anyway to hid items in your Library that you have already watched, making it a pain in the butt to use.  Nope, not too impressed at all, it will be coming back to Amazon shortly.
I love my Prime subscription and immediately ordered the Fire and two controllers for the kids.  I hooked the Fire up last night effortlessly.  But there was a definite degradation in picture quality with computer (land line - not wifi) running into the fire instead of directly into the TV.  We get both Prime and Netflix and NF is treated as an App.  I had to sign in EM and PW each time.  I don't see anything it can do that my $500 LG TV can do better.  Will run past technical support ad update if they can advise.
It is fast and the cabinet looks good. To sad that it's crap compared to my Apple TV 3, both in user interface, streaming quality and sound.The Apple TV 3 is far superior and I will only use the Fire TV for Prime content that is exclusive to Amazon - if not, I'll power up the ATV 3 and enjoy super quality streaming, sound and a SO much better User Interface (how could you mess that up so badly??!!)!Sorry Amazon - this is no good by today's standards. It's like comparing DVD (FireTV) and BluRay (Apple TV 3). The BluRay beats the crap out of DVD...Hope for a BIG improvement VERY soon by firmware upgrades!An update poster May 30. 2014:Still no improvement by updates and I installed XBMC to see if it could ease the bourdon of one my Mac minis, but no go: 1080p lags and can't sync the sound, the Android OS only supports standard Dolby Digital and DTS (Googles fault). Forget trying to play content with Dolby TrueHD or DTS-MA.Another problem with this device is the low audio output from the HDMI port. I own a Sony STR-DN1040 Surround Receiver with 7 speakers and a subwoofer and several other devices connected to the 8 HDMI ports and if I forget to reduce the volume on the Receiver when switching from the Fire TV to another source, I think I will have severeral speaker membranes and wood killing me or at least ruin my ears for good: If anyone knows how to boost the audio from this Android thing, I would be VERY grateful if you let me know.
Let me first say that I am an Amazon fan - I've been a Prime member for a number of years and I order almost everything through Amazon - from gadgets to paper towels.I was really excited when the Fire TV was announced and ordered one immediately. True to form, it arrived promptly at my doorstep. Setup was a breeze - it connected in no time at all, though I did find it a bit odd that a newly-introduced device already required an update upon installation.Having now spent a few months with it, the sad fact is that it simply doesn't work very well. When trying to open an app - be it Netflix or a game - it frequently tells me that the app could not be located. HUH?!?!  And when it does manage to open them it's *painfully* slow.Just today, my experience with it has been -(1) Tried to play my recently purchased Grand Theft Auto Vice City - it tells me that the app cannot be found(2) Undaunted, I try to play my also recently purchased GTA San Andreas - it tells me that a 2.5 gb download is required, it begins to do this, it gets to 6% and then tells me that I have no internet connection. Having little faith in Comcast, I exit out and try again. It does this same thing five more times. Sorry to have pointed the finger at you, Comcast. My bad.(3) Tried to open The Wire, The Pacific and John Adams - for each, it tells me for five minutes that it is loading, with no success(4) Tried to open Netflix - it tells me that the app cannot be found.Today is pretty much the norm. The little thing just doesn't work the vast majority of the time.That said, the search feature is pretty cool. And the bluetooth remote is genius - every device should have a bluetooth remote. If I had to come up with something else to justify two stars? I guess I'd add that the screensaver photos are very nice. So essentially I have a $99 box that puts up random pleasant photos on my tv.If you're looking for a streaming device, there's really only one way to go, and that's ANY Roku box. The damn little things just work and do exactly what they promise. In addition to this worthless Fire TV, I have AppleTV, Roku and Chromecast. Roku is far and away the winner. No question about it. And for the price, it's absolutely untouchable.Sorry, Amazon - you really screwed this one up. And that comes from one of your biggest fans - my order history is the length of a Russian novel. I have no clue how you think you can do a phone when you can't even get a streaming device right.Buy a Roku and pocket the extra cash.
This could have been a good product. The inclusion of voice search was a big selling point and I considered purchasing it.... However, voice search only works with Amazon's instant video. It doesn't do squat with Netflix or any other provider. This is the same mentality that keeps me from buying their Kindle tablet. They slather on their own code to make the use of other technologies less attractive (with the Amazon only voice search) or they totally block those other technologies (like with the tablets that can't access the Google Play Store.) If Amazon wants to put out a box that only plays in their playground, then they need to make them a heck of a lot cheaper in order to offset the disservice it causes to the customer. I was really intrigued by the fact that I wouldn't have to use a d-pad to search through letters anymore, but once again, Amazon crushes those hopes with their closed source environment.
Cons:Watch ESPN only works with very limited list of providers not all partners.No way (that I could find) to skip the introductory ad (er tutorial).Voice search only works with Amazon. This needs to be stated more clearly as it is one of the primary advertised features.Pros:Nice hardware.I was very disappointed and I thought the main features listed by Amazon such as the watch ESPN would have at least been made to work correctly and not be the repackaged Android app with no improvements. For some reason I also had it in my mind that voice search was the interface for everything on the device, not just for the Amazon app. I will give four stars to the hardware and packaging, but I am returning this product. I'm sad that I wasted my time.
I bought this the day it came out.  It was easy to hook up, and I was impressed with the speed.  I downloaded Pandora, the load times between songs were like 30 seconds.  I own a Kindle Fire and there are no loads times between the songs.  It was annoying, but the major problem was Netflix.  I went to watch a movie on Netflix, and got a white screen and it froze.  I went back on, and the movie played but kept buffering, then froze again.  I love Amazon and their products, but I think I jumped the gun when I made this purchase.  They have some bugs to work out, and need to add some more apps like WWE network, and HBO go.  I may get one in the future when they fix these issues
I have been using the roku since I cut the cable and decided to try the fire tv.  After 2 days I went back to roku.  More channels available and easier to use for me.  Nice concept on the fire tv but not ready for prime time as far as I am concerned.  The amazon prime is mixed up with the pay for and I am not in the mood most of the time to try and figure out if I will be charged for what I want to watch.
It could have been nice if it worked outside the US, unfotunatly it doesnt, still can't understand why they impose restrictions.
I was really excited to receive my Fire TV today.  I have 2 Roku units and needed a third, but you can't hook up surround sound to Roku.  So, my choices were between Fire TV or Apple TV.  The Fire TV box is sleek and unobtrusive.  The control is rubberized and has a good feel and layout.  My biggest complaint, and it's a legitimate one, is that Fire TV is very heavy on selling you entertainment through Amazon Prime.  If you don't subscribe to Prime (and I won't be in 4 months because of the ridiculous increase in Prime membership) you'll have extraneous items that you have to sift through.  On the homepage there is a left column with different categories; home, movies, TV, games, etc.  Click on movies, and they're all tied to Amazon; recently added to Prime, Shop New Releases, Recommended movies.  All Prime, no Netflix or Hulu is listed.  I'm already annoyed and this is the first hour that I have owned the Fire TV!  Let's say you want to watch Harry Potter on Netflix. You use the voice command and say &#34;Harry Potter.&#34;  All of the Harry Potter movies come up, but they are ALL on Amazon Prime.  Nothing from Netflix.  Colbert Report?  Again, the voice command steers you to Amazon, where the Colbert Report is unavailable.  Not a mention of the Colbert Report on Hulu, where I was able to choose between 11 different shows.  To make matters worse, the Amazon apps CANNOT be deleted from your Fire TV.  It's like having an Amazon advertisement pushed in your face every time you turn the TV on.So, unless you are a diehard Amazon customer and can't live without Prime, Fire TV does exactly what Roku does (except digital sound through an optical cable) for half the price.  The voice command is simply not a good enough selling point because it ignores all apps except Amazon.  It does not justify the $99.00 price.  Also, HBO GO is unavailable on Fire TV (the app is unavailable for downloading.).  It's really unfortunate because the interface is superb and the processor loads shows much faster than Roku.  Amazon, you put too many controls on this product and you can't fully appreciate the bogus voice command.
Unpacking and Setup:The Amazon Fire TV has a good start but needs improvement. First the packaging, the Amazon Fire TV took more time to get into than the Apple TV and had unnecessary boxing. The Amazon Fire TV packaging is great only if you believe packaging for electronic devices should be like the early 2000s. Also a small but important detail is the fact that the batteries had to installed whereas the Apple TV the battery is already installed for you so you spend less time unpacking the device and setting it up. To Amazon's credit, Amazon tied the Amazon Fire TV to my account from the get go which is one step less than you need to do for the Apple TV once the device is turned on and ready to go. Also during the setup, unless it was only my Amazon Fire TV, the power cord took more force than I originally thought and made me feel as if I was going to break the power cord while I was plugging it into the back of the Amazon Fire TV.Usability:The Amazon Fire device only comes installed with Amazon installed only which is great if you live only through Amazon Prime and Instant, but for most people I doubt they only live off of content from Amazon. Netflix had to be installed which took about 30 seconds to a minute with the Amazon Fire TV downloading and installing it on the device for me to use. Once installed, just like the Apple TV or any streaming device with Netflix the username and password had to be entered (which is normal for all Netflix apps). The issue I had with Netflix on Amazon Fire TV was the fact that the Netflix app on the Amazon Fire TV game me no indication whether it was streaming the video in HD or not (not sure if that's because of Netflix or Amazon).On screen keyboard layout differed between each App including the Amazon Instant which doesn't help when typing using the remote if I have to search for where the letters are because I'm not sure if the keyboard layout is set up in QWERTY or Alphabetically.The Voice Search (which is present on the Apple TV only if you use an iOS remote device) only searches Amazon's database and not any other app that may be installed, so no voice searching Netflix.To Amazon's credit they do provide plenty of subtitle options when streaming a video from Amazon, but only for Amazon videos, not Netflix or ESPN (at least from what I noticed).Games on the Amazon Fire TV played well except for the lag between the remote, device, and what was seen on screen. For example I played a bowling game on the Amazon Fire TV and the device didn't always register a click from the remote and when the device did register a click from the remote it tended to lag badly between from when the remote was clicked and where the accuracy meter stopped. The lag between the remote and device was noticeable throughout the experience, with the audible click sounds lagged behind the actual clicking on the physical remote. It's great that the remote doesn't need a clear line of sight like the Apple TV's included remote, but Amazon may want to rethink that if the lag between the remote and the device persists and add an IR so speed up the process and get rid of the lag.Pros:Remote doesn't need clear line of sight to device, Amazon voice search is accurate, Amazon Fire TV tied to Amazon account with no need to enter information, Subtitle options within Amazon Videos provides plenty of customizable options, HD stream holds within Amazon Videos even when fast forwarding.Cons:Amazon Fire TV doesn't register remote immediately and lags noticeably when clicking the remote, Amazon Voice Search only searches Amazon's database (not universal search), Packaging of Amazon Fire TV too excessive and unnecessary compared to packing of Apple TV, Each App has a different layout and design so navigation is inconsistent especially the on screen keyboard layout between apps is inconsistent.Overall:Amazon Fire TV is only a good purchase if you live in Amazon's Eco-system (Prime and Kindle Fire), otherwise the Amazon Fire TV tries too hard to combine a Roku and Apple TV into one and fails at where both the Roku and Apple TV excel at.
Even though we can use it on other devices, it is not supported for Fire TV.  It was one of the major reasons for me purchasing this item... I cannot believe that they don't reveal how limited the support is for Showtime.
Having bought 2 of the Roku 3 and I am a little spoiled. The Fire has very few or limited, outdated apps. (Mostly Amazon Apps) No HBO Go, No PBS, No TargetTicket,  Showtime Anytime is out of date, (Does not list DirecTV as provider) No VUDU??  It does have Flixster but it loads very slow. The USB port is useless! Why is even there?? What a let down! Sending mine back! Not worth $99
I bought this really wanting to like it, and I have so say so far I'm less than impressed.Pro: Video looks goodquick interface (its got the specs and feels like it)voice search works well for amazon content (more on that later)Games - especially for the kids (I would not expect this to replace a core game system)Con: Bluetooth connectivity means I can not integrate this into my existing universal remote:Voice search only works with Amazon content (not Netflix as an example).So you have a Roku 3? do you buy this? probably not - the voice serach only showing amazon content does not gain you much.  The videos start faster yes, but honestly I never thought that was an issue to be frank.If they fix this product to offer universal search with the ability to prioritize content I've already paid for (ie shoe me Netflix and amazon prime streaming before content I'd need to buy) the search alone would probably make this compelling.UPDATE: spoke to customer support - they could not comment on if or when they might expand the capability of voice search.  Quite frailly I'm pretty disappointed with Amazon in the way this was advertised... They don't make it clear that this only finds amazon content...  If you are going to pitch something as the killer feature, it needs to be.For all of the power that's in this box it is being held back by its current software.  I may not be able to search by voice, but at least on the ROKU 3 I have universal search and can search across services. I also find it easier to review the prime content for amazon (there is an entire menu dedicated to Prime Video).  Yes you can find the content inside of the menus for each (TV,movies, etc) It's better to have it broken out. Its rare I send anything back, but this in one purchase I'm leveraging the 30 day satisfaction guarantee and shipping this fire TV back.
I had issues with the first one, had it replaced, saw only marginal improvement.The voice search is first rate, give it a ten.But whenever I watch shows and want to watch another,= in Hulu or Netflix, I'm always asked to pay to watch.  It will not remain in those even thought I've posted my password.  I have to unplug the device every time, start over.  Give this feature a 0.It is much easier to browse both those sites on my computer.  You just get part of what's available on TV.  Give this a 5My picture switches back and forth from bright to gray to bright.  this doesn't happen when I'm watching regular TV.  Give this a 0I would not recommend this item at this time.
I mean, this thing is pretty cool and all, but the Prime section (Just like Netflix) isn't updated frequently enough. I have been starring at movies like &#34;Mud&#34; and &#34;Flight&#34; for over 2 weeks now. Give us some fresh content for being a Prime member. Also, the majority of the &#34;good movies&#34; are $3.99 - $4.99 ... I could just go right to Redbox and rent a movie for less than this (which I did on one occasion) ... The biggest fail for this, is the non existense of HBO GO app. Seriously .. how does this not have HBO ? .. No Game of Thrones, no True Detective, etc. Overall this is a user friendly device, but the lack of fresh content, and no HBO is terrible.
I'm not real sure if I like this or not. I am a Prime member ($79.00 a year) and this cost $100.00 and I am still required to pay for Movies that have been showing on regular TV..Not sure if this is worth the cost. The movies that are Free to &#34;Prime&#34; members really aren't worth viewing..A larger movie selection needs to be added to make this worth while..
I bought this thinking it would be better than our Roku.  After a couple of days trying it, we unplugged it and went back to our Roku.  The Fire TV only allows access to things Amazon wants you to see and purchase from them.  Yes, you can get Netflix, Hulu, Pandora, but voice search only works for Amazon movies and television and nothing else. Many apps we like on Roku are not available on Fire TV. There is a lot more out there than just Amazon movies and television, and that access is blocked with this device. Fire TV is like having a controlling mother filter what you can see.
It's April. We've been promised HBO Go by the end of the year. December is 7 months away. Since they can't give us a better date, I think I'll return this and get a Roku. The voice activate feature is supposed to be so great but I have an iPhone. So with the Roku app and Siri I can use voice commands on Roku too. AND with Siri it will pull up everything. For instance with the Fire TV you say &#34;Tangled&#34; and it pulls up &#34;Tangled&#34; and tells you how much it is to buy or rent it on Amazon Instant Video only. Do it with iOS and Siri on Roku and it will pull it up with Amazon, Netflix, and whatever else I have a subscription to. I wanted to like this. When we get digital copies of movies we download to amazon. We have a Prime account. I have a Kindle e reader. I'd like to stick with one brand across the board for compatibilities' sake. Unfortunately Fire TV falls short of expectations and right now the competitor just offers a better product. And unfortunately when Amazon works out all the kinks, I will have already gotten a Roku.
It works great for a family that's in a city with great internet and just wants to watch things online.I don't even know why they attached a USB port.  If you hook your EXTERNAL USB drive into it (which for me has 400 of my own movies on it)  the Fire will not play them.Making this NOT a MEDIA PLAYER but more of a just a Internet Only..netflix...amazon..hulu player.If the fire was able to play external movies Via the USB port this would be hands down the best device ever created.shame.
Sorry, Amazon, I gave you the benefit of the doubt, and you failed!First, the ONLY reason I purchased this is because the Amazon "players" built-in to things like my TiVo and Blu-ray player are completely worthless. Amazon simply refuses to offer the full "Prime" experience on 3rd party devices thus forcing (read extortion) someone to pay them more money to buy their streaming player.Fine! I get extorted with other aspects of my life, why think Amazon would be different. So, I bought the Fire TV.Well, viewing Prime video content is the only thing this Fire TV player brings to the table. That's it!Unless you really, really (and I mean really) must watch your Amazon Prime video content, and can't any other way, then pucker up, bend over, and shell out $100.Pros:+ Very small size and weight+ Radio frequency (non-infrared) remote+ Minimal button remote+ Optical audio out (why, is this a plus? because the HDMI audio doesn't work)Cons:- Cost. For the bare minimum this player offers, it should be half the price- Voice search (only option offered) is flaky and doesn't give you long enough time to speak thus requiring multiple presses and attempts.- Netflix player has EXTREME stuttering (buffering) issues making watching nearly impossible- Pandora player doesn't prevent Fire TV from going to sleep! Great, I get all of an hour of music before having to restart- Fire TV required to view Prime video content on TV as most 3rd party Amazon players can not- Screen saver only allows 5, 10 or 15 minute time-to-start values- Cannot configure when the device goes to sleep- HDMI audio doesn't work when viewing through Netflix or Pandora apps. Had to resort to using only other option of Optical audio out port- No 3.5 mm audio out connector- No way to rate videos before, during or after playing- Can only resume watching a video, cannot restart from beginning- Browsing for content is very slow and doesn't show you everything available because the default view is a SINGLE row of icons that you scroll left-to-right. Where's the full screen grid format?!?I'm sure there's more I will come to dislike about this Fire TV, but I've only had it for about three weeks. Give me some more time!UPDATE: Please read the comments section of this review where I go into detail about the useless 3rd party Amazon player.
I will start with what I have, a 720 dpi tv and a 6 GB DSL internet connection.  I own two rokus, model 2 and 3.  I have 3 Kindle fire HD and have willed 4 more kindles to my grandkids.  I do almost all my shopping on Amazon so I am a loyal fan.The short of it is that it doesn't work, the long version is below.I bought this, it came 2 days later and it was simple to connect.  I liked the box and remote.  The software update only took about 5 minutes and the video only lasted a few minutes.  Great I thought here we go.  I started to download the racing app but at over 1 gigabyte I cancelled the download.  I purchased the Monster U game and from there everything went downhill.  The game froze in demo mode, it kept running but the remote did not work.  I unplugged the fire tv and started up again.  This time it worked ok.  OK I thought lets try the services.  The interface was a little awkward but given time it would be alright.  I tried Amazon briefly and except for two little hiccups it seemed ok.  I logged into Hulu and then the problems really started.  The video kept freezing while the audio continued.  After a minute or two the video would jump ahead and freeze again.  I tried several videos that froze.  I tried rewinding but that was no help. I tried jumping ahead but the screen would always revert back to the frozen spot.  One show lasted about 5 minutes before freezing, others 10 seconds.  I unplugged and restarted several times.  I tried to access Hulu from several icons on the home screen.  I checked the internet speed (more than once), it was about 5.8gb.  I tried both Rokus on both of our tvs, they worked fine.  I had my daughter come down and try to get it to work.  No dice.  I watch Amazon, Hulu and Netflix, I listen to Pandora and I do a little news.  Without hulu it was a nonstarter.  I give up and back it will go, too bad I really wanted it to work.
Need another month to check it out.  had Netflix children for grand daughter in kept re loading.  switched back to Apple TV and had no problem
Thanks, but no thanks.  I 'll wait until I can confirm they have HBO Go and AcornTV and then I'll be happy to consider it.
My experience is constant buffering on netflix, i own about a dozen other devices and have no issues. The google chromecast dongle is by far the better product. You will be better served with the 65 dollars in your pocket. The UI also seems outdated and I feel likeI am on my old windows home media player from xp.
Yes I did order this. I also own 3 Apple TVs and a Google Chrome. I bought this because it is fast, supports Dolby surround, and would supplement the lacking features of our Apple TVs (Amazon and Showtime primarily.) Much to my displeasure Showtime only works with AT&T, Brighthouse, Centurylink, Grand, Optimum, Time Warner, & Verizon. SERIOUSLY...no DirecTv, Dish, or Comcast (the largest cable providers.) Who is negotiating these deals at Amazon? No HBOGo with the benefits of Dolby Surround. No Netflix integrated mic search features. Amazon is a smart company, the fact that this has been in production for so long, yet Amazon's leadership couldn't negotiate and secure key feature deals is ridiculous! This is going back to ASAP so that it doesn't become a $99 paperweight. I'll keep the Amazon Basics HDMI and buy a Roku 3!!
You will find there are a wide range of products out there that do a multitude of things involving amazon, hulu, and pandora. But they all have one thing in common. you Stream from the net.More and more internet providers are limiting how much you can stream per mnth, Lets face it, cable is on the decline and the only real way for them to make money is to limit the net and hope you go over. I recently tried out a tivio by all means It can do everything the amazon fire can and it has enough space you can download movies to its storage space so you dont have to stream. Sadly you have to pay a subscription.All in all. with 2 kids and a husband always using the net to watch movies, email, and play games internet goes pretty fast in our house.If the investors are truly serious about selling something unique , and something that people want, they should invest in making an amazon fire tv that comes with storage. Simple put if you buy a movie or episode you should be able to store it on the device so as not to continuely stream it. Ever had a kid that wants to watch the same movie 5 times in a row.... trust me kids and adults alike would be more excited about an amazon fire tv if it came with a storage device built inside of it.
THIS WELL PACKAGED ELECTRONIC ITEM WAS VERY DISAPPOINTING. I WAS EXPECTING A WELL ADVANCED PIECE OF EQUIPMENT LIKE THAT OF THE KINDLE AND KINDLE FIRE.1- APPLE TV AND ROKU WORKS WITH MY BELKIN SPLITTER. FIRE TV DOES NOT.2- FIRE TV HAS TO BE PLUGGED DIRECTLY INTO THE TV TO WORK . APPLE TV/ROKU DO NOT.3- FIRE TV HAD TROUBLE ACCESSING THE WIRELESS NETWORK.4-EACH TIME I HIT THE BACK BUTTON IT WOULD GO BACK TO NETWORK SETUP. EVEN THOUGH IT WAS ALREADY UP.5- FIRE TV HAD TROUBLE DOING ITS UPGRADE. KEPT SAYING &#34;CANNOT CONNECT&#34;THE FIRE TV WAS DISAPPOINTING. I WAS LOOKING FORWARD TO NEW EXPERIENCES. IT JUST DID NOT HAPPEN!!!!!!!!!
STICK WITH ROKU, SIMPLE AND EFFECTIVE. I WISH I COULD SEND THE FIRE TV BACK. TO OPERATE THE FIRE TV IS JUST A UNNECESSARY MESS. EVEN THE MIC COULD NOT FIND A PROGRAM ON FIRE TV (NETFLIX) THAT IS ON ROKU (NETFLIX).&#34; TO ME, I DON'T NEED ALL THE BS TO WATCH A PROGRAM&#34; &#34;.I'LL GET ANOTHER ROKU AND BE HAPPY&#34;.
UI is clunky, Voice search takes too long as it makes a trip to the cloud and that seemingly beefy hardware doesn't do anything to the games at all - and these are just basic games... Disappointed on this one Amazon along with the hike in Prime subscription fees. Will wait for third strike and I am out of Amazon ecosystem!
Would you use Google search if Google returned mostly Google results first and made you work harder find results from any one else that google competes with?  This applies to the voice search function so it may not apply to you, but it leaves a really bad taste that they did it this way.
A nice product, well made, works well, very fast and well designed, but the content is lacking, with too much emphasis on selling content . Basically an Apple copy.
The unit is unique look and has style.The price is way too high considering many option in the same price range have dvrs or ability to records.I should include prime or at the least the movies free to rent.Its not interactive with a PC like Xbox and others have done for years, so again another option missed.If Amazon wanted to be innovative they should have made it different, not just improve and put fresh paint on what was donealready for years.I know many people love what Amazon does and the Kindle line for the most part is and example on Innovation.The Fire TV, is nothing specials. Sorry amazon, in two years this will be old news as you did not create something new on your ownyou just reinvented the wheel. You need to hire CEO's that are visionaries.
Amazon prime too expensive anymore. Fire TV not as good as roku or apple TV..really like the power supply being built into apple TV..not as user friendly as the other products..don't like the idea that prime will not work on portables withoutFlash...an okay first attempt even though it didn't include the HDMI cable. I love Amazon's great customer service..Best I've seen...
Needs MAJOR improvements. The once free tv shows I watched last week are no longer free. Which is a HUGE disappointment and I'm now wondering why I purchased a prime subscription. I attempted to watch a documentary this morning and it is constantly interrupted by McDonald cafe commercials. It's occurs so often, and in the most inappropriate times that I didn't finish watching it (extreme disappointment since it was a great documentary). Not to mention they are ALL the same McDonald commercials. Streaming is stop and go, and interrupts the continuation of the documentary, which when it doesn't start it jumps to MULTIPLE McDonalds commercial. I'm so annoyed by the commercials that I have zero desire to sip a cup of McDonalds coffee.  Buffering issues need to be fixed, the once free tv/movie shows need to return as free, commercials with in shows need to be removed (before/after ok). We're hoping this will change since we waiting for amazon tv to be released and decided against Apple TV, however Apple TV seems to be back on the table.
nothing different than the rest of the streaming boxes. I have a roku, and apple tv. I mainly watch apple tv because of you tube. No you tube no go. The voice feature isn't a compelling reason to part with a hundred bucks.
Please add Vudu and HBO GO. Would make this a for sure purchase for my family. Until then I cannot get this device even though I like some of it's features. Hopefully this can happen before I settle for Roku 3.Also I think it's wrong and misleading to showcase HBO shows on the product page. Trying to trick people into thinking HBO GO may be available, when it is not. Clearly it is unchecked when you scroll down a bit farther, but still seems a shady move by Amazon.
The two most frequent networks I watch the most is not available on Amazon Fire: PBS and HBO GO.  Until they are available, I cannot use Amazon Fire.
First i am a top 50 reviewer in the vine program but you will not find out my real identity because i asked someone here to let me post this on their computer..two major things that stop me from wanting this product i no HBO GO  and ypu can not mirrior from tablets, cell phones and pc laptops to , APPLE TV ,CHROMECAST not sure about roku..notice how none of the big reviews mention this about mirroring ...remember anyone that writes a full page review on a product ,well you know the rest ,if your smart...thank for your time
Yep.It won't stream stuff from your pc.  Nope.It's not a streamer.  It's not a streamer.  It's not a streamer.Not only THAT, but Amazon's usually exemplary customer support ISN'T in this case.  What a joke.  Canned responses that don't even come CLOSE the subject.VERY disappointing Amazon,  you weren't ready and you wanted my money anyway.You may have it back.
Movies are too expensive to rent or buy!!!
For some reason this could not load my wired internet.  I have 2 (non technical) courses shy of an AS in Computer Information Systems. User error and lack of networking knowledge is not the issue.  I had manually configure the dns settings, which can be a big deal for people that were expecting plug and play.  Especially when you want to something to work when you want it to without waiting for someone with computer networking knowledge to hook it up for you.  My family had to wait for me to set it up for them, which was disappointing for the 9 year old who wanted to check out the new games.  When the system was finally hooked up, the movies would attempt to start and then just load partially without playing.The lack of apps is also a disappointment.  While they may have more apps later, the current selection is really lacking.  I have been an Amazon Prime member for years, and do most of my shopping through Amazon.  I had really hoped this would of lived up to all the advertisements said it would.  However, it falls very short.  I am returning mine.  I may consider re-purchasing once the hiccups are fixed, but currently this has been a huge waste of time and money.
Loved the speed...hated the format of the grid and having to pay for almost everything.  Signed up for Prime, but Amazon has buried most of the selections in their entire library of shows.  Also, when you click on &#34;Other ways to Watch&#34;, and it takes you to Hulu or wherever else the show may be watched...it doesn't take you directly to that show...you then have to search again within the other app.  It's like they discourage people from NOT using Amazon, and paying to watch something to avoid the frustration and time it takes.  I don't want to pay for every episode of every TV show and movie.  I sent it back and bought an Apple TV...I can stream videos and movies FREE from my Iphone, as well as watch History Channel, A&E  FREE and more on their selections.
This machine is a sleek, fast, and has decent voice recognition. But without crunchyroll and many of the apps being unfinished. I've got no use for it.
Vidio and sound performs well . The voice search is limited to just a few services . Amazon prime movies are mixed amoung  newer pay movies and are not an easy search ,this is very disappointing .
I gave this 2 stars because Amazon has made sure to mix its free movie content with the pay per view ones -- not nice. This is easy to understand. This is a MARKETING Ploy to sell content. Obviously, you will click on a movie that interests you or may interest you. You have NO IDEA OF  whether there is COST or not. They sell more movies this way.
I got the Amazon Fire TV as a gift - but am thinking about having my husband return it.  I thought it seemed like a really cool thing to have but you really have to spend more money to make it worthwhile.  Or - I am completely missing something on how to use this device?First - without Amazon Prime or an extensive Digital Library on Amazon or a subscription to Netflix, the movie options are very limited.  I can't even get HBO Go or my Xfinity movies to play on the Fire TV (NOT AVAILABLE).  Although I have LOTS of movie options available on my Kindle from these outlets, they still are not available on the Fire TV.Second - mirroring.  I love my Kindle Fire HD, but it doesn't have the ability to Mirror the Fire TV.  I would have to upgrade my Kindle to HDX to do that.........Games - it seems like there are only a few games available on the Fire TV.  My kids would love to play Mine Craft on the big screen.  But the Fire Remote does not work with that game, you MUST BUY the Fire TV remote for an additional $40, each.  Price tag for 2 kids an additional $80.Soooo - for it to be worth it for me to keep my Amazon Fire TV, I'd have to spend $99/year on Amazon Prime, $80 on game controllers and a minimum of $229 on an HDX, although I have an 8.9&#34; Kindle so it would be $379 to upgrade my current Kindle to an HDX.  I just purchased my current Kindle in February, so not ready to upgrade.......  If I don't spend any of this money - my Fire TV is pretty much going to collect dust.  I already spent $20 to get an additional HDMI outlet......... But I think returning the Fire TV is the better deal.To make matters worse - I just got a free 30 day trial offer to TRY the Fire TV.  I would have taken advantage of that for sure!!!!  I would have returned it after a week, but it would have been better then buying one.
It is just a copy cat. Nothing new. It doesn't support all video and audio files. It needs VLC Player. Maybe even a abc mouse option too for my kid. If it had these features then I would buy three right now. It doesn't so its no better then any other streamer. I am kind of sick of the streamers now a days with no file support. Do these companies have no idea how much people use external hd now. I have neo tv, roku 3, and vizio box. Vizio was good till google play one day disappeared off of it and half of my other apps. It pooped itself so I bought the roku 3 which is alright. I can only play 1/3 of my videos and of that amount only half have audio that works. In my opinion it makes me frustrated to see more of these pushed out and over advertised for just the same crap. Some company needs to go beyond and stop being copy cats.
This box is not ready to replace your WDTV Live or HTPC if you have a large library of Movies and Television shows that you like to stream on your local network.It currently (5/14/2014) does not support local playback of MPEG-2 (DVD format and a handful of Blue-Ray) or VC-1 (HD-DVD and some older Blu-Rays).Could be supported in the future, but for now, this is not your machine.Currently, you would be better served with a Raspberry Pi running XBMC.
this is your typical media streaming player. Got it on a free trial and am returning after setting it up and playing with for about an hour. It doesn't fit my needs. Now if I can just find out where Amazon will let me send it back to them for free.
Setup and use are easy however I Had to contact support because streaming would stop within seconds of starting.  Turns out that the Fire TV device is NOT compatible with HDMI switches.  This is not publicized nor is it common knowledge.  It apparently sees the switch as a recording device and stops streaming to prevent copywriter infringement.  That's fine however the type of switch I was using was a 2x1 (2 in 1 out) intended to support simultaneous connection of both the Fire TV and a blu-Ray player to the single HDMI port on my tv.  adding insult to injury Was the fact that I had purchased the switch from amazon and was charged $5.22 to return a purchase I would not have made had Amazon published the fact that the Fire TV is not HDMI switch compatible.  Omitting important information like that makes correct purchasing decisions difficult at best.Bottom line ...the device seems to work fine when connected directly to the TV, but I will be very cautious about future purchases from Amazon and may not renew my Prime membership.  Perhaps it is time to go back to brick and mortar stores who refund your entire purchase, not half of it.
So, here's the deal.  Is it fast? yes.  Is the UI slick? yes.  Is it better than Roku?  not sure.  Here's my list of pro's/con's:Pros:- FAST...very fast, actually compared to Roku.  Of course, its a quad-core processor, its naturally going to be swift.- UI...really nice, actually better than Roku in terms of look/feel.  great user experience- form factor...tiny, minimalist.- remote...pretty nice, really like the voice feature- Amazon one-click purchasing...obviously handy when purchasing apps.Cons:- no HBOGo?  That's like not having Netflix available....especially considering Game of Thrones is due up very soon.- my BIGGEST issue: Audio support.  I was really hoping i could get up to 7.1 surround through using Plex.  Most of what i watch is being served up from my PC in the form of 1080p .mkv's.  Most of which are either 5.1, DTS, or higher audio formats.  All i get working is 2.0 stereo.  This is a major issue considering my intended usage...to replace my Boxee box.  The only time i can get an audio signal over 2.0 is through the Amazon Prime movie selection and its Dolby Digital +...which sounds great!  I just wish i could get that through both Plex as well as Netflix (once again, only 2.0 stereo).  Roku will at least do 5.1 using netflix.- direct play of media files from my PC (other than using Plex).  Once again, a great feature of the now discontinued Boxee Box...i can't understand for the life of me why all these new media boxes don't offer this functionality.While I'm sure there will be some software updates/patches coming soon, i'm likely going to return  this thing until its ready for primetime.  Good effort, but its not really meant for the tech geek, but rather for mom or grandma.
The main reason I'm writing this review and returning the product is because of the silly implementation of Parental controls. Amazon has an inconsistent approach to providing this ability and this product implements it differently than any other product that you use to watch your Amazon video.If you activate parental controls on this product you have  enter your PIN for EVERY video you watch.  It does not use the restrictions based system in your Video Settings portion of your account.  Very tedious and inconsistent.
Yes, easy to hook up. Yes, sound generated control.Doesn't give you access to much because it doesn't interface with computer.  So you can have net flux and hula and prime, but you pay for almost everything.  We r returning our box.
4/6/14I can't say I solved the problem, but I may have fixed it, at least for now.  After trying a few reboots, and even switching WIFI settings around, I pulled the batteries out of the remote and put them back in again.What led to this was the voice command had stopped working completely.  I'd hold the button and get some kind of error message. It occurred to me that if the issue was in the device with the microphone, maybe resetting it would do something.It is working much better now.  Amazon was zero help on this.  Polar opposite of their strong support for the Kindle Fire HDX, which provides amazing support.  Not so for Fire TV.  Rating stays at 2 stars for now while the dust settles.4/6/14Buggy!!Fire TV's "Help" videos were stopping and resetting after about 20 seconds.  They were playing through just fine on the first day.Remote works, now it doesn't, now it does, now it doesn't - seems to be responsive only once it's active and then it's quick, but if you put it down for a while and pick it up, push the button, and you WAIT, and WAIT, and then something happens.VERY FRUSTRATING.Will they say it's my WIFI connection?  It should work fine, as it does with other devices.  At the moment, nothing else is using the WIFI, only Fire TV, and it is just fits and starts.With my Kindle Fire HDX, I get a button that says "Mayday!" and instant help.Try finding help for Fire TV.  You will hear the sound of crickets.I like the video quality, and the streaming is great once it's going.  But getting around - you would think if it can stream video, it has more than enough punch to scroll from menu to menu.  But it does not.  It is stinking slow, quite often.It still occasionally jumps back, unpredictably, from one menu location to another.There is more that I can't remember.  This is supposed to be the be-all-end-all.  Not so.  I'm also not happy that the reviews are finding so many things missing in this product.I am thinking that I may return it and wait for Apple's next offering.  We can survive without fluff quite nicely.  Was hoping for something more substantive, that WORKED reliably.Lowered to 2 stars for inexcusable bugginess from a world-class outfit with top notch specs.  Inexcusable.---Update-4/5Although this device is quick and responsive - that is, when it is - I found myself sitting there waiting for the box to respond to the remote indefinitely tonight, and could only get any kind of response by pressing the Home key and then going back to what I was doing - which was installing apps.Maybe coincidence, maybe not, but it seemed to start with these problems after I activated the game controller.Another thing, it would sometimes go in the opposite direction.  I would try to scroll across the list of apps, and if I selected one, I would go back to the previous screen.  Again, I had to hit Home, and then start all over again.FINALLY, there are so-called "free" apps that are not free, but rather sneaky come-ons with 14 day trials for a non-free version.  I absolutely hate this.  A trial is not a free app.  If it isn't crippled in any other way, and it often is, it is still a loan, a temporary access to the service after which you are cut off.I do not mind paying for subscriptions.  I even appreciate trials that let me check out the service first.  But I absolutely despise the sly and deceitful snake-oil that prompts you to download something as "free" when it is definitely NOT free.  I am now looking for two things - how to get those apps off the Fire TV, and how to find the apps on Amazon where I can give them the appropriate feedback/review.On more of the upside, I'm finding additional useful apps and hoping there will be a few that give me what I want with respect to news, weather, and traffic - local stuff that is so indispensable to those of us who aren't bussed to our jobs in Silicon Valley.--I want news, weather, internet information.  So far, this looks like a really nice toy, for entertainment only.  I have enough toys already.I know this thing is evolving but I really want to cut the cable.  Cut - the - cable.But Fire TV is not doing that.  My first impression is that it is basically an Amazon revenue pipe, and whatever doesn't make them money, directly or indirectly, seems to be filtered out of my choices.If I don't see more than that happening on this thing but QUICK, it is going back to Amazon for a refund.What does work, works great.  Love that part.  But I need more.  It's all sugar and cake, not a meal.
Ouch amazon, failed to mention that the shows for prime only is a small portion of the show is free. I could deal with that, but when I try to watch these selections, it just goes to the prime advertisement screen. I have a prime account and am logged in, but unable to watch anything. Had it for only a couple of hours, and I'm already regretting this decision to waste my money. I am now scared to see what else I got ripped off on. At least the screen saver is cool, and gives me something to look at while I write this reveiw of disappointment.
Perhaps a representative from Amazon could assist me/us with an oddity.  I have a frequency counter, two of them, they are apart of my &#34;bench&#34;.  I like to know what frequency what is transmitting on, nosiness, curiosity, my right, etc. whatever you which to classify it as, I like to know and that's that.What I found curious was, once obtaining the frequencies used by the Fire TV with my handheld freq. counter was, it sporadically picked up those frequencies from the remote when I was not pushing a thing.  Odd.  Is it a &#34;call home&#34;, a &#34;wake up&#34; or what?  What is it transmitting, when and why?  I really don't have the patience or desire to dig further, with packet capturing, deciphering, etc. it takes time and effort of which I simply haven't any inclination, as I'd already decided the Fire TV just isn't for me.  I wanted to give it a neutral rating of three stars, though had to deduct one for this sporadic transmitting.That said.  HDMI handshaking wasn't entirely spot on when switching inputs on the A/V head unit.  Despite resetting the A/V on Direct, DTS or otherwise was not detected by my A/V (yes, I did make the Dolby settings change/enabling via HDMI in the Fire TV settings).  I also noticed a small ms (millisecond) lip-sync issue on HDMI (there is none with MY A/V with Roku, not for the test movie at any rate) though, one would have to look very hard to detect it, or simply be as anal as myself.  Optical worked for me and eliminated the arguably noticeable lip-sync issue I had on HDMI.  I wish I could assist those stating they are having issues with their Opitcal Out, I -assume- you guys ARE setting the &#34;Dolby&#34; &#34;via Optical&#34; setting? (Forget precisely what it is called sorry, as my unit is already boxed up ready for return).Menu speeds and overall speed of the unit is where this thing shines, hands down.  It surely is zippy compared to any other set-top box.  Video production is spot on as well, I noticed no issues of it keeping up, no stuttering, etc. albeit, I don't receive those on the Roku 3 I was contemplating on replacing with this.7.1 and zippiness is what the Fire TV has going for it, in a nutshell.  The fact it uses Android as well, rather than Brightscript is a plus for anyone into development of private apps, much like myself.  Side loading on the Fire TV is easy, I hadn't bothered looking into rooting, I'm sure one of the more active groups out there will have it all worked out, if it's not already by now.I wasn't a fan of the UI.  Amazon, don't populate the UI with nick knacks galore please?  If I want an app, aherm, &#34;service&#34;, I'll load it.  Plex for Android/Fire TV sure does look much better than on Roku though, I'll miss that a good bit (though at the same time, I don't appreciate having to click on sub-menus selections to have channels, shared content, etc. be shown -- with Roku, I just scroll up or down and it's all right there on that one screen).This review is for Amazon's eyes, though naturally it is public.. it appears anyone reviewing and leaving less than 5 stars have droves of individuals clearly Amazon/Fire TV fans marking their reviews as not helpful.. that's cool, power to the people!  Though, my assessment is clear, concise and accurate -- and the sporadic transmissions are still concerning, only because the remote has a microphone.  Xbox One anyone?  I surely hope NOT!..
I admit it, I don't get why this exists. It just doesn't make sense to me. At this price point, I don't see any reason to invest in this thing.But don't get me wrong at all. There's nothing critically wrong with Fire TV, not really. Actually, it does a lot of things a *lot* better than the other standalone media devices or services, like Apple TV, Roku, and certainly the disaster that is Android TV, not to be confused with Chromecast, a totally different thing.But $100 for a streaming device? A hundred bucks? For what? It doesn't make sense to me. Was everyone really that dissatisfied with their decade-old PlayStation 3's, their Chromecast dongles, their $50-or-so Roku boxes? What about Smart TVs or Smart Blu-ray players that do the same thing? What about the things we already own?Seriously, what *doesn't* have the same capabilities these days to stream the same media? And when are these guys who make these things going to get that voice control is just not a good-enough feature on its own for most people? I don't know about you, maybe you absolutely must have voice control, but I don't. And I definitely don't think that's a feature worth $100, even if it works for the most part.Since the &#34;Gaming&#34; part of this setup hasn't even really been established at all, that's not reviewable. It might as well be left out, because, uh, it sort of is left out for the time being. It's not a factor. It's the same thing as a 3D Blu-ray player, many of which you probably own, but never once used the 3D feature. Yeah, it's there, but it doesn't matter, and it doesn't have to be there.Until this somehow stands out just a little more from the myriad devices that throw in &#34;Smart&#34; features that already let us do everything this thing does, I don't follow what makes this important, right now. It's so late to the party that I can't imagine it being a hit. But it doesn't stand out, not really. It's a great media box, for sure, but it's also an astonishingly-expensive media box that does the same thing other media boxes do well-enough, already.But chances are you already know all this. Chances are very high you already *have* a media box of some sort. Me, I've got PlayStation 3's acting exclusively as &#34;Smart&#34; Blu-ray players, since they're just about the best Blu-ray players out there, and they're *really* cheap. They've only gotten cheaper as time goes on, and it's not like the PS4 was a necessary step up for most people when it came to that regard.That frightening Gary Busey-looking guy (is that really him?) who looks like he just escaped from Arkham Asylum aside, this box doesn't really break any fantastic new ground. This is an extremely saturated market for devices that can stream media, and you've got to include things like the Nexus 7, too, or anything else that can hook up to a TV and stream HD content, too, in the same way.Is a voice-search function worth $100? I don't think so. Amazon's a great company, and their Kindle Fire HDs (not so much the HDX's, but that's a different story) were and still are pretty damned good devices. But if I remember right, those can hook up to a TV, too, can't they? I'm almost positive that they can. But even if it couldn't, there's no way anyone doesn't already own *some* device that streams media just fine. You'd have to be actively dodging them to have missed it.For the time being, I can't give this a high grade. I mean, yeah, it works, and it works very well. But it's incredibly expensive for what it does, and what it does is already being done--and has been done--for many, many years. I just don't see the need this device fills, except for possibly a niche audience that absolutely must have voice control, and nothing else will do.Other than those people, though, this is a no-brainer: You don't need to bother.
Still no effing browser?  Why not?  This is still a boob-tube.  Games are about all that sets this apart from the other crap-top boxes.  Disappointing.
Just received my FireTV today. It has some flaws and is not quite ready for prime-time.When I first turned it on, it took ages to update the software. Then the audio squealed really bad on every channel. It was painful to listen to.Unplugging the unit and plugging it back in made the audio problem go away. Unfortunately, that audio problem made for a very bad first impression!After using the device for a few hours:Pros:The responsiveness of the user interface is fantastic.The physical product design is very beautiful, especially the remote. The remote feels very nice to the touch and fits well in your hand.The games are very impressive for a set-top box.Cons:The device refuses to stream HD video, maybe the network has been congested for the past few hours?The video quality is very noticeably worse than the Roku.The voice search only working with Amazon content limits its utility very significantly. Also, the big brother aspect is very creepy.Unfortunately, overall this product is a dud. I will be returning the FireTV and purchase another Roku. The Roku it is a much better product.
Why would i buy this when i already have a device that i can steam netflix and amazon prime from sorry peeps.
If this product is made like other Amazon products the port will probably become loose and need to be fixed. Every Kindle I have owned has needed replacement or repair due to poor quality construction of the USB ports. I will NEVER purchase another Amazon device again. Go with Sony and you will have no trouble. Go with Amazon and you will have a massive headache especially when trying to deal with their robotic customer service in India.
Guess what. The hardware is released before the app which would let you listen to your cloud content readily available on any smartphone. BIG mistake. Further, try signing up for iHeart radio. Site is unresponsive. As are others you'll need  Sounds like this product was rushed to market not ready for PRIME time. When I called, no one could give me a date when the cloud player app would be available. Soooo. It's better than Chromecast but needs work.
Easy setup, super fast, radio frequency remote (operate from anywhere in range, through walls etc.) and last but not least, voice search, the reason I bought it.Here's the thing: Voice search only looks through Amazon content and does not delineate between Prime and 'pay for it'  That means you can't do a voice search across all of the content providers like you can with say Tivo.  It also means there is a good possibility you are going end up paying for content that would have otherwise been available on Netflix, or Hulu, or wherever.I would highly advise against putting this devious device in the hands of any household member who does not yet understand the economics of convenience.
I was excited to get the Amazon Fire TV because we had an old Roku that was beginning to glitch.  It was easy to set up, and streamed great the first day.  The trick to the first day was no one else was using their computers, tablets or streaming. By the next day, no one could do anything else on the Internet if someone was using the Fire TV, or if they tried, the Fire TV would slow down and load for 5-10 minutes every minute or so.  This went on for a couple of days and I didn't make the connection to the Fire TV, I thought it was our ISP.  I called and complained and they sent out a tech to check our signal, modem and router.  All worked perfect, but they told me there was something that had been added recently that was messing up our WiFi.I finally started testing things and discovered that everything worked when the Fire TV wasn't hooked up and even our old Roku streamed faster than the Fire TV.  I called an Amazon Tech who had me try a couple things and then told me that he could see our streaming kept varying between 1-3 Mbps and that the Fire TV uses 3 Mbps when it is streaming, it works best with Internet service of 5 Mbps or more.  His suggestion was that we either increase our Internet service speed or return the Fire TV.We have a Sony streaming device and our old Roku, several tablets and our computers that stream just fine with what we have now, granted, the picture quality on the Fire TV is higher on than the Roku, but I would rather have the streaming working than the best possible picture quality. I feel that Amazon does not clearly state that you need more than 3 Mbps to adequately use the Fire TV.  I now have a bill to pay our ISP for sending out a tech to try to solve the problem caused by the Fire TV. Amazon agreed to refund my $6.98 for return shipping on the Fire TV. Sadly disappointed in it because I love my Kindle Fire HDX.
The hardware is well designed and fast, but it's let down by the software...1. The voice recognition sucks, just getting it to recognize something simple like &#34;Star Trek&#34; was an exercise in frustration2. Amazon doesn't make it at all clear in the UI whether the content is part of the free content available to Prime subscribers or notI'll persevere with it in the hope that Amazon will produce software worthy of what is a very good piece of hardware
This device seems to work fine.  The problem that I have with it is that Amazon Prime members still are prompted to pay to rent movies that are 20 years old.  Amazon needs to spend a lot of time upgrading their streaming library and make a Prime membership worth the price increase ($99 now).  One should be able to watch a "free" HD movie without paying a supplemental charge and at least watch movies that are more than a decade old without having to pay rental fees!!  For the free content, one has to click through the menu more than should be required to find the free material.  It is as if Amazon is trying to gouge the user for rental fees with its default settings for the searches.Update: after further evaluation, I have downgraded this device from three stars to two due to the pitiful content available to view by a Prime member without paying rental fees.  I must have searched 8-10 standard older movies and all required rental.  Just as bad as national competitor streamer account where nothing one wants to watch is available, as least in my experience.  This device may be a good portal for viewing streaming content. Good luck finding anything much worth watching without paying rental fees.
Today this device is totally useless. I can't get it to work at all and I now see the return window closed 1 week ago. Imagine that. I have spent the whole evening trying to see what I could so about it but to no avail. The power LED on the Kindle Fire TV is yellow and pulses to a brighter yellow. I have rebooted everything multiple times, changed batteries and rebooted the internet provider's modem. I am out of ideas and I am thinking this device was pushed out before it was really ready. I am out $99. My advice is to not buy it but wait till Amazon works out the obvious bugs. I bought it the first time it on Amazon. I think I am probably too gullible.
When I first connected it using an ethernet cable to my router, it went to the "Amazon" screen on my TV and then went to a blank screen. After plugging and unplugging the power several times, it finally made it to the home screen. Everything worked fine--very fast and easy to use interface and even connected fast to Netflix--until I unplugged it from the wall and plugged it into my surge protector outlet cord. After many repeated attempts to get back to the home screen, but only getting to a blank screen, I finally gave up. I will be returning it to Amazon. My Roku works fine so I will stick with it even though it isn't as fast as the Fire TV when it works.  UPDATE: I forgot to mention that the audio was peculiar. People speaking on both live action and animated shows had voices that came across with a slight hissing or lisping to them. Most likely I just happened to get a defective device.
I thought that this was the box i was waiting for, but it is not quite ready to take on Roku.Pros:* fast booting* prime movies start quickly and stream reliably* minimalist design* perfect remote size, weight, feel, and responsiveness* easy to setup and configureCons vs. Roku 3 (why I switched back to Roku 3 after two days)* lack of content channels i enjoy* confusing interface* no universal search - Roku search is much more comprehensive* prices for shows hidden on details page - slows browsing/decision making* no dedicated PRIME listingCons vs. Apple TV* Neflix interface is choppy and datedCons overall* Purchase-only content forced to front - this product feels like an ATM for Amazon* Asinine, unskippable introduction video* Small channel selection* No search in Netflix!* Seriously - No search in Netflix!!* 5.1 does not work on my popular late model LG Home theater - no compatibility list available that I could find
It is easy to setup (I had to unplug and replug to get it to read the ethernet right).  The voice function is marginal...try Jurassic Park without saying it real slowly.My main gripe, and it is huge, is the USB port apparently does not and will not support playing video and music files.  I read two articles that quoted Amazon as this is not in the future.  This is a really, really, really big problem for me and my video setup, as now I must use another box to do that.  This simply is a HUGE failure, at least for me.The mirroring a Kindle HDX is a joke.  It takes THREE keystrokes, including pulling menus down.  Further, IT DOES NOT WORK if the fire tv is on ethernet....they both must be on the same wireless access point.  On fast wireless, HD breaks up and the video quality is horrible, far far worse than Miracast.  It is unwatchable.  Even SD breaks into noise blocks with the Kindle.Regular ether net connections produce stable video, but the black level is so white on this you will need to reset color settings when watching the FireTV.This is going back.  It is the first of 7 Kindle products I have returned.
Still prefer my Apple TV.  Needs a very strong wifi signal to work, otherwise it keeps showing the hour glass symbol.
The device looks good and has a snappy UI, unfortunately it hangs/crashes frequently and reports a slow internet connection despite the fact that I'm on fiber and every other device sharing the router has no similar problems. Even choked playing content we own on Amazon's streaming service. Reverted back to my old Roku 2 and everything was peachy. Will try again when the product has time to mature and the price falls. My guess is that my problems can be fixed with a firmware update sometime down the road. But no reason for me to sit on the device until then, so in the return pile it goes.My recommendation, wait a bit longer for the kinks to be worked out before you buy one.
Very clunky interface. If not using the voice search, you must navigate mostly along one long horizontal menu. Get used to using the back button. No cross app search like my google tv is the killer, and no voice search support outside of the home screen. Searches from the home screen only net you amazon results, with no filter for prime.
The number one reason I bought this device was to watch Prime movies and TVTo do this is very cumbersome on the fireThe search tool shows you non prime shows first and the prime logo does not show up on the shows after a searchUnlike using the web site you can filter out the prime shows only in your searchSearching for prime movies and TV shows is much better using the computerThe fire TV does not offer that feature.Showtime anytime from Charter cable does not support the fire TV deviceI knew this before buyingThere is no browserVoice control will only search Amazon site
I love all of Amazon Fire TV content offers but the picture quality is VERY POOR (DARK) especially the movies that are offered on Amazon Prime they are shown so DARK that you could hardly distinguish any movement surely during the night scenes. When I watch the same movie on my Smart TV from Amazon Prime these is a totally difference in quality of the picture as Day and night (much better shown on Smart TV). However the content of programs offered on Amazon Fire TV is so rich in quantity.Because of the poor quality of the picture (darkish) I prefer to watch the movies offered on Amazon Prime from my Smart TV rather than from Amazon Fire TV.
I have terrabytes of local content, both music and video that I want to access.  Without it, the Fire has nothing over the Roku (which also doesn't do local content).  I was hoping to have the functionality of my WD TV live with the added bonus of accessing my Amazon Prime content.  But no luck.  If it weren't for Plex this would be in a box on its way back right now.
So, I really wanted this to be a game changer.  I want to use my prime video account more (currently I don't use it).  I thought with the voice search and plex/roku like interface I'd be able to easily access more.  This just wasn't the case.* It isn't easy enough to find content I wanted to watch at a price I was willing to pay.  Maybe it's just me, but don't feel like I get a lot of good content from prime.* It doesn't make it easier to use my personal collection.  I can use plex like I have been, and that's fine.  But it isn't included in the search feature and it feels too removed.  Maybe this isn't amazon's fault.  I just thought everything was more integrated.* Didn't find the gaming compelling.  Amazon frustrates me with their fragmented play store.  Just open it up.* I feel like in Amazon's Fire TV world there are lots of confusing bubbles of content.  The search should help me feel less distracted by the chaos of variety.. it just doesn't make much sense.It feels a bit of a mess... maybe it will change with time.  I just won't be waiting to find out.I'll be going back to my old HTPC with Plex for my media collection, Netflix, and HDHomerun for TV.Maybe Android TV will be better...?
With Roku being able to filter out the paid content Amazon Prime actually is worth using.  Since Fire TV is UNABLE to filter these out it is no good for people who subscribe to Amazon Prime.This is no surprise though.  Since Amazon controls this device and I am sure they feel that forcing people to see all these paid programs is beneficial to them and will cause people to buy the programs.I have no access to what percent of people make impulse purchases while using Amazon Prime but I do have access to friends and family who all have the same response. Almost EVERY person I know has Amazon Prime by default (for the free shipping) yet almost all of them still buy Netflix because they find Amazon Prime is too difficult to use for free only content.  The people I know that have ONLY Amazon Prime for their video services all use Roku which makes it easier to navigate.So if they fix that issue and add HBO GO then problem will be solved.HBO GO is important to DirectTV subscribers that don't have on demand set top boxes or don't have Ethernet cables run to the set top boxes (since at least some or maybe many don't have Wi-Fi).  DirectTV has NO on demand unless you have one of those updated boxes and have it connected to Ethernet (at least for mine)So I use a Roku to watch my HBO on demand shows.----------The biggest disconnect though is simply the inability to filter out the paid video content.
Pros:So far, the only benefits over the competition are the processor and memory.  It is an improvement over Smart TVs, the latest roku, apple TV, google chromecast, wii, ps3, and xbox360.  It is not however better than Wii U, PS4, or microsoft's latest gaming device.As you can merely plug in a computer into your TV, these devices are just a convenience.  Fire TV is of course cheaper than the alternatives that can match its specs, but it is also the latest addition to the market.Unfortunately for Amazon, Apple TV is still the best TV enhancing device on the market.  Apps and interaction with mobile devices is neat but none of these devices let you watch Hulu without subscribing to Hulu Plus or use countless computer features every device should support.  Apple's airplay and screen sharing is limited from PCs and mobile devices (ipad included) but with a Mac OS, the Apple TV can actually accomplish the tasks you can simply do by plugging your laptop into a TV including watch hulu, crunchyroll, and share any file your computer can handle.  I'm not an apple fan, but can't deny how much more useful those features are.It does have pandora.  You would need an apple device to airplay pandora music through apple TV.  Though music matters less as surround sound and sound bars can use bluetooth.This isn't xbox one and you don't have to pay $60 a year to watch netflix on top of your netflix subscription.Cons:Fire TV does not include google play or itunes music/moves but each company is exclusive against the competition.Plex is the only way to have any computer interaction.  (apple ecosystem where you buy lots of apple devices/using itunes or just plugging an hdmi chord to your computer are frustratingly the only alternatives)I understand that this is a device for convenience and those without computers/video game consoles or who can't use them well.  Everyone has a computer though so would grandparents be the market share this grows into? It is hard to imagine widespread use of netflix, amazon instant, google play, or apple itunes, but retirement homes did purchase the Nintendo Wii so anything is possible.  This fire tv, apple tv, or roku would be fine.  The voice search with only amazon results not limited to free prime shows does seem like a terrible hurdle though.  Half the battle is with Amazon instant which gives prime users headaches trying to figure out what is free.  It took me near a month to figure out how to use my Amazon Prime video streaming in a web browser!  Amazon Instant mixes netflix's subscription model with the Itunes rent/purchase model and does neither quite so well.  Streaming video can be frustrating when properly navigated with everything they do not have or require you to pay for.Google Chromecast and Amazon Fire TV appear a bit late to the party and in no way replace existing TV enhancing devices.  Most of them support 1080p already. Short of major software developments/improved computer interaction i expect both to be eclipsed by Apple TV's next version.  If you don't want to fork your money over to Apple, plug straight in with a computer.I guess Amazon Fire TV, PS4, or Wii U are the next best thing but if you're anything like me, their limitations will frustrate you beyond repair.
Voice search is kind of a neat feature otherwise I found the interface clunky, the software buggy, and the interaction left me wanting. I'd stick with the AppleTV for at least another revision. There is hope here but the first attempt missed the mark.
I would give this 4 stars if It didn't cost so much after the purchase price. It has NO off function. If you unplug it and plug it back in, it auto turns on, after 5 seconds or 5 hours.. It takes 5 minutes of idle time to &#34;go to sleep&#34; then ANOTHER HALF HOUR to shut off! That's a half hour of electricity and bandwidth. 35 EXTRA minutes every time you watch ANYTHING. I called customer service to make sure I wasn't crazy. The rep said...&#34;It doesn't have that functionality at this time.&#34;. Is there anything else in the WHOLE of the universe that is the modern era that you can't turn off? Seriously?!? No off switch? No hold the home button to turn off? You shipped it like that? The voice search is the best! I gave 2 stars for that alone. While it only searches the Amazon library, it does that perfectly. Netflix, Hulu, Crackle, all easily accessed and enjoyed. I don't mean to dwell, but NO OFF BUTTON?!? C'mon! I truly hope they do a software update to fix that glaring omission in an otherwise 4 star product. You might not think it much, but over a year an hour of this a day could add up to a hundred dollars or more in electric bills. It's just in idle. I'm stunned this isn't front page news. A car that ran for half an hour after you get out of it; front page news! The first ever electronic that can't be turned of by any means... Sorry, but this freaks me out. It's hooked up to my internet and electricity, but I can't turn it off?!?
I have invested a large movie library in Vudu, I don't want to have to re-purchase it through amazon! Please add the Vudu app!!!
I'll keep this short and direct as there are many reviews here you can read in more detail:I set this item up for a neighbor yesterday. She is a Prime member and paid $100 for this. Personally, after toying with the Fire TV for a short time, I will be sticking with my $50 Roku.PS - I am also a Prime Member and the Roku is much easier to use for Amazon content. With my Roku, I can choose to browse through the Prime movie content exclusively. Very convenient.
Same price as a Roku 3 but no earphone jack, very limited apps compared to Roku. No PBS, TED, Netflix Search. and other favorites. Why bother??
I have been a Roku 3 user since it came out.  It works great and the picture is flawless.  I was interested in this new product, but was just amazed to see that they don't support HBO Go (but they do support Showtime Anytime).  Regardless, until this product supports HBO GO, it just has no appeal to me.  Also, I do NOT want it to show favor to its own service (Prime).  I do have Prime, but it is not the end all, be all.  Come on Amazon, get it right the first time.  Disappointing.
The unit itself is pretty impressive, but I came to an ugly realization soon after I hooked it up. After downloading  Netflix, Hulu Plus and a few more apps, I discovered that 99% of what I wanted to watch (old movies and TV shows, mostly pre-1990) were unavailable for streaming, unless you fork out more money to 'rent' them...per movie or per episode. If you're into classic tv or movies, your selection is more than woeful. Even shows I watched on my computer via Netflix or Hulu (like The Outer Limits) are now "unavailable for streaming", unless I pull out my credit card.  I see what's happening here. They're convincing people to 'cut the cord' only to find more ways themselves to get into your wallet. I fully expect the quantity of free tv shows and movies to go down in the near future. They may be adding new content, but they're taking away a lot more. It doesn't take a rocket scientist to realize what is happening here. 2 thumbs down, Amazon.
Already own Apple TV and Roku. No HBOGo for one and Showtime Anywhere (which is also on Roku) is useless since they only support certain subscription carriers. So no Xfinity! Lame. So I don't see the point of investing in yet another set top box. I specifically bought the Roku because TiVo premiere doesn't support Prime streaming and at the time Apple apps were blocked from Airplay but that has changed. I will be annoyed if competitors are edged out of prime streaming. I will consider canceling my Prime membership.
The Fire TV is a tough sell to someone like me in the first place. I have an Apple TV, various game consoles and a Mac Mini that all make it quite superfluous for my streaming needs. I bought this as a bedroom streaming box (the only way I could justify it). Part of my issues with it is with the Fire TV itself, part is a third party app that doesn't work and is an absolute necessity.My main problem with the Fire TV is its user interface. I own a Kindle Fire HD, so I understand that this is a means for Amazon to sell you their content, and I'm fine with that. The problem is that, while the content peddling is off in the periphery on the Fire HD, it is cluttered all over the interface of the Fire TV. Your own content, whether apps or shows already purchased from Amazon, are given a backseat to all the new stuff Amazon hopes you'll buy. I understand the strategy, but they should have found a way to push their marketing without degrading the user experience. The best analog I could provide is the latest Xbox 360 dashboard: 90% ads and 10% tiny boxes of your current content. It leaves the whole thing feeling more like a paid beta than a finished product as I can rarely find what I'm looking for quickly.Second, the Netflix app is clearly broken. I realize this is not Amazon's fault per se, but by not establishing some design guidelines (or, apparently, having any quality control over apps released on their platform), they've neutered what is my (and I imagine most people's) primary streaming service. I know Netflix is ultimately to blame here, but I can't help but wonder if Amazon could have pushed for a more reliable app if they weren't trying to peddle their own wares.I'm currently torn between sticking it out for a while with the Fire TV or returning it and buying another Apple TV. The Apple TV has its flaws as well, but the UI is dead simple and it is one of the most reliable pieces of tech I've ever owned.My recommendation: if all you use for streaming is Prime Video and you have a lot of digital purchases through Amazon, this is probably a good fit. If you're hoping to use other services as well, you may want to look elsewhere.
I'm always an early adopter so I understand that products get released sometimes without near future features. However the Fire TV is just another device with limited capabilities and designed around the media offered by a specific vendor. If you an iOS user than you should buy and Apple TV, if you've purchased a lot of digital movies (for download) from Amazon then get the Fire TV. But if you're looking for something to stream your own movies or the digital versions you get with your Blu-ray combo packages then this devices isn't for you. Hopefully in the future it will have DLNA and the ability to stream from network files.Another major flaw that I'm sure will be fixed quickly is Amazon Music. I buy all my music from Amazon but I can't listen to any of it currently on the Fire TV. I can listen to Pandora though...Most smart TVs have all the (non-gaming) capabilities of the Amazon Fire TV built into them.
I was pretty excited to get a little streaming box for the bed room and since I already own a PS4 and PS3 I didn't need something for the TV room and quite frankly it lacks to many features to replace the tv room.QualityBuild quality is great, everything feels solid, small and easy to fit in almost any room or home.PerformanceThe system boots up pretty quickly, I tried a few games and it lagged quite a bit but I bought the unit for a streaming device so that really doesn't bother me,  the wireless works pretty well though it has dropped a few times during a streaming test but over all its pretty solid and other then wireless drops the movies and tv shows look clean and good.UIThe ui is pretty basic, its similar to other Amazon devices, its fluid easy navigation and gets anyone around quite easily.AppsThis is where the system falls flat, the app support currently is awful, there is a total of 25 apps available to download, and for anyone that has NAS solutions or other ways of streaming media should stay away cause unless you use amazon or Netflix or some of the common streaming solutions there isn't much out there in terms of having a wide Varity of options.  This will probably change but for a device to come so late in the game I expected WAY more media options.Conclusion.The Fire TV is a solid solution but it misses a lot of marks, there is no connections to home solutions, cant offload movies and pictures from the offered USB port, you are pretty much forced to use amazons cloud ( which was by obvious design) the app selections are terrible and the fact you cant even connect to google play or amazons main APP center just limits the box even more.  My biggest gripe is not being able to connect to my home solutions very easily, I have a Sinology SAN which works for IOS, Android and even Kendle apps but there is no apps or any way to even connect to it via the wifi and this is very frustrating.  overall if you are looking for a streaming solution and have Netflix and amazon prime and nothing els this is a pretty solid option but to be honest a Roku, or Apple TV or even 100$ for a PS3 is a way better bang for you buck.
The UI is counterintuitive in that whatever button you have highlighted is darkened slightly. If there are only two buttons on the screen, you always end up choosing the wrong option.There's no way to browse shows and movies that are available for free to Prime users. You browse everything and hope you get lucky.Too hard for your kids to play games without constantly bumping into in-app purchase options.Too much of this feels like there's a overtly blatant attempt to lead me into spending more money.Try again Amazon.
Great look, easy to use interface, and fast.  But why on earth would Amazon release a streaming device that doesn't allow you to search for movies or TV shows only within the Amazon Prime database?  This is a critical flaw in the device, and the key reason why I'll be returning it after only having it for one day.  Sorry, Amazon...maybe next time.
OK, I think my needs are relatively simple:-I want a device to stream my media library using PLEX- I want to be able to watch YouTube Videos-I want to be able to stream my Netflix queue- I need to be able to control all my media devices with one universal remote (Harmony)- I would like this experience to be fast and smoothI've tried everything: TIVO, Roku, AppleTV, GoogleTV, PS3, WMC and now the Amazon Fire.It is unfortunate that the Fire does almost everything I desire, except 1 showstopper: It has no IR capabilities.  In other words, I need to have multiple remotes to enjoy my media.  This is not acceptable to me or my family.  Consequently, after only a few hours using the Amazon Fire, I have disconnected it and am sending it back.A pity, its hardware is super.  It blows the Roku away in terms of responsiveness.  My Plex media load and stream very fast on the Fire (unlike the Roku which takes forever to cache even the cover art).I guess I'm going to have go back to the pokey Roku.Amazon, what were you thinking?
Very simple to setup.Great form factor.Plays Amazon Prime video flawlessly at HD quality over my wifi (at least the one movie I tried)However I plugged in my USB storage device to see how it did with my movies and nothing happened.  I confirmed with the (very nice and helpful) fire tv support person on the phone that the device does not support this.  I have no desire to transfer all of my movies to, and pay for, cloud storage so this is a deal breaker for me.It also would be nice to have a way to put the device to sleep when you are not using it instead of having it display a screensaver, and have a way to only display movies/TV you can watch with no charge.Not bad for a first attempt.  The hardware seems to be outstanding and the software I'm sure will evolve to correct shortcomings.  But no way to play local movies at all, really Amazon, what were you thinking ??????Sadly, it is being returned.
Roku. -- Has everyting this has to meet your needs. MostFire TV. -- The advantages are null for most users.Roku. -- You can stream  from any PC !!! try that with Fire TVRoku. -- Has Spotify.Roku -- Listen to program from earphones on remote.Sorry, Fire TV. Maybe by next year you will catch up to Roku.Apple TV. Wouldn't be interested even for free. Cant be married to Apple since its the &#34;Apple way, or no way&#34;
No Blaze TV?  35 Million viewers and you didn't think in necessary to add access to the channel?  I'll be returning mine to Amazon.
Sticking with Apple TV. MLB is a must have for me.  I stream Prime content through Apple TV and it works fine.  Maybe FireTV will improve over time.
I want to make clear I don't own one and will likely never own one.There are a few really annoying things about this product.  Amazon was rumored to be doing game streaming- and then tried to side step it a launch no offer no mention.  It tried to talk about this feature as if all that mattered was comparatively useless local streaming. The predictably useless gaming media and media in general acted in its typical sponsored (censorship by being paid to mislead on the the important stuff)  failed intentionally to bring up the issue.  Product is obviously capable of it but them deliberately not addressing it and the press not asking questions is so annoying. Larger firms in the gaming industry also don't an all you can eat subscription approach or even an itunes like set up .  So they've done a kind of content strike.  Amazon instead of using its clout on behalf of its real customers is apparently just bending over, looking like its colluding with likes of EA and others to keep game prices artificially high- like the old RIAA did with music.Let me proffer another reason for this black out.  Its because its unfortunately being billed as &#34;TV&#34; (TV is supposed to be dying- but instead of dying it seems to be converting the internet into cable with the help of the courts- anti neutrality is pro-censorship)  the useless Wall St. sponsors want to sell you ads and they want to continue to corrupt streaming with a sponsor model.  They don't want gamer culture which tends to reject modal ads and interruption leading to the public demanding something like the early pre-corrupted Netflix.  They saw what happened with gamer's  rejection of Xbox One's sponsorship and spyware mechanisms and got spooked.  This is the problem with Amazon as of let, they seem like sell outs. They have forgotten who their customers are.  They think their customers are their suppliers and that makes them weak- weak in the way Walmart became weak when it started thinking this way.  Both Amazon and Walmart will built on not thinking that way.  We don't need supply side enclosure BS.  Xbox One was all about trying to repair sponsorship by making it more efficient by tracking the eye to the ad.  What Amazon is trying to do here is link the one click to the modal ad temporally to capture more impulse buys- kind of like a voice click.  Its got some utility to it but again Amazon is getting foolishly confused about who its customers are.  We don't want ads ever- and we don't need them if we have accurate ad/sponsor free search.  But shot gun and even targeted ads, while obsolete are not about sales as much as censorship (below.)Amazon is becoming a sponsored medium. Which will make is useless.  It sure looks like its becoming collusion focused (i.e., its announced intention not to compete with Sony and MS as if it were paid behind the scenes not to do so or told via interlocking boards not to do so.)  Look at what it's doing with Kindle. The only version you can buy at retail are the sponsored versions but you can pay a premium for one without ads.  This is deceptive.  Problem is if the sponsorship is let in which it is, the medium is already corrupted, stuff that doesn't appease sponsored won't be offered- remember censorship- its only a matter of time until it sets in.  Amazon is also getting into deceptive marketing practices (probably been hiring people from its sponsor firms)  with its Kindle lending library on Prime.  It what appears to be unlimited access to 500K book, which is of course only a fraction of Amazon's book inventory.  But to a prime subscriber considering a Kindle purchase Amazon makes it look like everything marked Prime is eligible.  Once you buy you learn that's is not the case but Amazon does nothing to dissuade this impression.  Once you get in you also find that you can only access one such book per month with a prime membership.  Black lie level of apparently intentional misrepresentation.  Needs consumer protection agency attention.People have to understand the cost of sponsorship.Clue Amazon, as above, we don't want ads ever, ads are never value added and on Fire they will all Fortune 500 Wall St. ads that try to pimp unearned income by selling and justifying more wage slavery that is always the underlying message.  Here's a hint Amazon: you need to include the true cost of the interruption, cost of stolen attention and time, accumulation of poor purchase decisions that undermine buying power and financial health and most of all the loss of crucial political representation (hard to delegate your power to begin with) that is the point of sponsorship to being with (yes its censorship that is only nominally connected to commerce and need not be at all now that we have the basic technology behind search.)2 stars, its a flawed presentation and it looks like the approach (get people to pay for useless regressive modal ads i.e., TV) is horrid.  If the medium is the message TV old mass broad cast TV was top down hierarchical  the definition of tyranny.  At a time when we need more horizontal speech to survive this is another attempt to get people to pay for and cultivate a continuing perverse addiction to vertical speech.  .
Although I enjoy my Apple TV, I've always been turned off by the fact that it isn't a neutral platform - providing no access to amazon videos, nor to Vudu or other UV movie services.  Well, it turns out that Amazon isn't any better.  I was eager to see the new Amazon Fire TV box, but when I learned that it didn't provide access to Vudu (nor of course any Apple content), I was really turned off.  The battle of streaming content titans continues, to the detriment of customers.
Give me VUDU support and this is a 5 star device.  I need to be able to access the movies and tv shows I actually own, not just the ones I'm renting through on-demand content.
I love Amazon and have been a Prime Member for years. I've been putting pleas by my girlfriend off to purchase a Roku, waiting for this Amazon product. What a disappointment.I bought this product last week with access to Netflix streaming as a prime reason. I've been a Netflix DVD user since the beginning of Netflix. I was excited to finally watch House of Cards.Several disappointments:1. Bluetooth interface is incredibly slow. Using the screen keyboard was painful because it was so slow. It took forever to get things setup.2. No option to set up DHCP for a hardwired Ethernet connection. I was forced to do a wireless connection given my internal IP addresses are assigned dynamically by the DHCP and not fixed. The only way the FireTV can be set up is with a direct Ethernet connect to an ISP, inputting all of the necessary ISP IP addresses.3. I changed my Netflix subscription to include streaming and the only option I was given to watch the first season of House of Cards was to purchase individual episodes at $2.99. What a rip!!! This issue was also brought up in the New York Times review. Maybe my anger should be directed at Netflix and not Amazon for the kind of marketing deal Netflix cut with Amazon, but this was a huge disappointment.4. The Help and Support on the Amazon web site is woeful, and that is being kind. It is one of the most incomplete support sites for a hardware product I have ever had experience with. It's shameful.I am seriously thinking of returning this product.
It does not have The Blaze, so, no thank you. I'll stick with the Roku where I can get The Blaze TV.
The item that would set this device apart for me is access to my Amazon MP3 files which I do not see.  Amazon never thinks of the digital music customers!
Sony BDP-S5100 3D Blu-ray Disc Player with Wi-FiBefore i would purchase this., With the Sony BluRay you can Surf the net and land on websites, you can access Youtube and all its content, and you can also play BR discs. along with all the other Channels that AmazonFire TV offers.. for about 15 bucks less !!
Pros:-Easy to setup.-Wifi speed is great.Cons:-Can't play video from usb port.-Voice Search is limited to Amazon and Hulu content.-It's not easy to distinguish between free and paid Amazon Prime content.-Adding apps is not at all intuitive. Took me a while to figure out how to add YouTube.-Netflix App is pretty weak.-Most games are dull ports of what you already have on your phone.Overall, I'm left wondering why I bought this. While its technical specs and performance are impressive, it seems like Fire TV was designed to funnel customers directly to paid Amazon content. That's a pretty arrogant move for a $99 device. I hope Amazon realizes that cord-cutters source their content from a wide variety of sources, and that what we really want is a flexible, comprehensive, and open system for accessing it.
Was OK.  Highly disappointed in universal search options.  Its as if it hides the prepaid subscription options, and only initially displays paid options.  This was a show stopper for me. I don't want to fight to find the cheapest viewing options, in a desktop TV unit.  I have a much better experience with TiVo universal search, and Simply loading Netflix and Chromecasting.
Let me start my review by stating that I am just a plain old tv watcher. I am not a techie by any means nor am I a gamer. I do not know what hulu, verve, plex or any of the others are. I have never owned a Roku, Apple TV, chromcast or any other device.I chose to buy Amazon's Fire TV as I love all things Amazon. I am a proud Prime user, on my 3rd Kindle etc.After an easy set up of the Fire TV I am now returning it and let me tell you why.First- after hooking it up I could not find it on my TV- oops- turns out I have to manually switch between video inputs on the side of my TV to find it - big hassle as my remote from Time Warner Cable does not have a video input switching mode on it.then when I searched for Prime movies and TV shows each one wanted me to pay to watch it per episode, per movie,  or $24.99 for the season- either I was getting ripped off or I had no idea how to find the free versions because on my iPad and iPhone they are free.I decided that it was too difficult to do this with my novice knowledge and that Cable TV and On Demand would have to suffice until I trade my old TV in for a new Smart TV.
No YouTube and no meta search. If there is a free movie on Netflix it will direct you to the $2.99 version on Amazon... a little tricky whereas ROKU will list every vendor of your selection, regardless of price. Conflict of interest?Sleek, sexy and a little disappointing.Bill Kelly
I love Amazon, I shop weekly and I'm a Prime Member and I use AIV, but as much as I love them, I wouldn't buy this player. It's the same price as the far superior Roku 3, which has everything this has and MORE..Not to mention the Roku 3 has Vudu..and they are the gateway to accessing my entire 2,600+ title UltraViolet collection, which, sadly, at this time,  AIV does not recognize, nor support.. Not to mention their (Vudu's)site is much easier to navigate. So without Vudu, this device is completely useless to me.. Again, everything I've seen on here, is on the Roku 3, including the YouTube Channel and the Bloomberg TV channel, which their little chart indicates that it's not on Roku..(wrong).. I can also insert an sd mini card for external storage, play stored media from an external device and add "private" channels too.. you can't do this with Amazon's player...And yes, I've experienced this Amazon Fire product IN person, so while I don't "own" it, I can still review it.. Afterall, that's what a "review" is; an opinion of a product or service that you've experienced....
First, if you're going to release a device designed to be an Amazon sales tool, you should price it appropriately. Second, it doesn't have programming as extensive as Roku, such as Crunchyroll, and it costs more. Maybe next time
This box does what Chromecast does but it is almost 3 times the price.  I prefer my Apple TV since I can mirror all of my Apple products and have access to everything I like to watch.  Give free access to prime content and it my be worth the cost.  Since Prime price has increased seems a waste to pay for it and the box to watch the content.
The lack of universal voice search for all apps hinders this device.  You can only search for amazon content that cost insane amount of money.  Voice search should work with key programs such as netflix and youtube.  Also this device is not a good media streamer for local content.
You do not have many games and most of its content is not available for my country, unfortunately I can not return but I think 99 dollars for youtube is not appropriate. I made a bad purchase.
I am an amazon prime member and I don't want to spend money renting movies. I just want to enjoy the free movies that members can watch.Roku, in its amazon app, displays a lot more free options than amazon fire tv. I am still comparing the two but, unfortunately, I think Fire tv will go back to the store
Amazon Fire TV has too few compatible apps. No vudu. Does support Netflix, Hulu, and, of course, Amazon, but not much more than that. Maybe because it's in early phase. Amazon needs to get more apps on board to be competitive.
If you're looking for gaming put your $100 dollars towards something else. The choices are limited and the storage space is even smaller. Low storage heats up quite often. Grab a Wii U, it does the same thing in its Amazon Instant Video App. Could also get the same out of any streaming device. I returned in less than a week, game controller is built awkwardly and has no option for rechargeable batteries. Be careful the remote will sync to your kindle if not paying attention and good luck fixing that. Also no compatibility with older Kindle's and no amazon music or shopping support, but as far as the streaming, not consistent hd, quality not great all the time and overall nothing a wifi enabled blu ray player won't do. PASS
It worked ok for the first month or so. However, I was disappointed to learn that you can only do voice search for programing available on amazon, not on the additional apps like Netflix or Hulu, AND, there is no clear way to search for the FREE prime programing. Most everything I come accross is still for purchase. The only prime categories I see are the &#34;Recently added to Prime&#34; or &#34;Top movies on Prime&#34; but the two categories combined only contain about 250 movies. In the TV section, the majority of the programing in the Prime sections say &#34;add to watch list&#34; so you can't even view them. Where are the over 200,000 TV episodes and movies etc? OR, is it aprox 250 that you get for free with your prime membership and the rest you still have to buy (or add to your watchlist and wait to buy) after you pay $99 for the membership?  In addition, the netflix app just quit working. I get an error message on every program I try to play that says &#34;we're having trouble playing this title right now. Please try again later or select a different title.&#34; It has been saying that for about a month now. I have tried unistalling and reinstalling the app, clearing the cache, and the data and nothing works yet Netflix still works just fine on my computer and other streaming video players in the house. So frustrating. I am wishing I went with the Roku.
This was the single coolest piece of technology in our home until recently. After about a week of use, our aps started closing, videos on amazon and netflix won't play or stops playing at any point. After contacting customer service we were given a list of things to try. All work, at first. We do soft resets (unplugging for 30 second or longer), force close aps, clear the data and the cache on every ap, and finally do a complete system restart (reset it to factory settings), and resetting our internet connection. We now do all of these DAILY. if amazon does not fix this promptly, we're sending it back. HIGHLY disappointed.
Returned it. Too &#34;AMAZON&#34; proprietary. Picture was great but the roku 3 we bought instead and it is just better navigation and the picture is close to the fire.
Yet another unstable, unreliable set-top box.  Amazon put a good interface on here and the chip is fast (same processor as the Galaxy S4 Phone), but this box will occasionally forget how to connect to the network, even if plugged in directly via CAT5. So, you have to reboot it.  Or, you'll be running the netflix app, so you'll have to reboot it. Or, you'll be running the plex app and won't be able to access your network shares, so you'll have to reboot it. You get the picture.  At least this device isn't one of the ones from China with a noisy fan and a nonfunctional remote.
Many customers have stated that the Fire is using up their ISP bandwidth allocation much faster than their previous media players.Reason is two fold, first off the screensaver needs to be turned off and secondly, the cue feature which allows a show to play immediately, rather than wait for it to buffer. This is the true culprit.If you turn these two features off, you should notice your ISP usage drop.My two stars are because Amazon should have told their clients and also due to the lack of DTS audio on Plex.
I a real fan of Amazon but this time they missed the boat.  The real value of this device is voice recognition for searching content.  I was so motivated to get rid of the tedious process of on-screen keyboarding that I bought the Fire TV the first day it was available.  The good news is that the voice-based searching is amazingly good.  The bad news is that I can only use it for 20% of the things I want to do (ie Amazon content search).  The Netflix app provided by Fire TV (and its terrible user experience) is identical to what is already built-in to my LG TV.  Same for Pandora.  That makes the Fire TV just one more island of content isolation in my media world -- and who needs that?  So, my Fire TV is going back to Amazon.  It will be interesting to see what happens next.  Either Amazon will build content neutrality into Fire TV or suppliers of content neutral devices (e.g. Roku) will figure out effective voice recognition.  Whoever gets there first will win my business.
I was selected to try Amazon Fire TV for a 30 Day home trial with option to buyI have decided after using it for 3 weeks, not to buy, and here is why...The streaming from Amazon Fire TV (and Amazon Instant Video in general) is very inconsistent.Sometimes I would watch a movie, quality would be HD, and it streamed fine from beginning to end, but that was rare.Most often I would start watching a movie, and video quality would degrade as it played.  Then it would stop, buffer, sometimes start up again, but more often than not it would stop and I would get an error saying my signal strength was too low for Amazon to continue playback of my video.My Internet and Wi-Fi signal consistently show Excellent Signal Strength with occasional Very Good if a number of devices are streaming at once...but other than occasional buffering issues with Apple TV (Single core/512MB) no other device or streaming service has ever just downright stopped saying my signal strength wasn't good enough, forcing me to start again and keep my fingers crossed.A little background, I have owned or currently own Apple TV 2nd Generation, Apple TV 3rd Generation, ROKU 3, Google Chromecast, and a Samsung Smart TV with dedicated apps for Amazon Instant Video and Netflix buttons on the remote.Apple TV is outdated and forces use of only iTunes store.  It is sluggish to purchase and start-up videos/movies and sometimes will pause for several minutes to buffer, but has never totally dropped me out of a video.Samsung Smart TV relies on apps to connect to various streaming services most notably Netflix and Amazon Instant Video.  Netflix is consistently reliable on it, as is crackle, YouTube, Pandora and more.The Amazon Instant Video app on my Samsung Smart TV is usually consistent, but does suffer from intermittent streaming issues particularly pausing and buffering or transitioning from a high quality picture to something that looks like an old movie.Chromecast is limited to what you watch and control on your tablet or phone as it does not have a dedicated remote.  Picture quality is amazingly consistently good however.  I use this mainly to watch YouTube videos when I am at home instead of watching them on my tablet I can watch them on my Smart TV.ROKU 3 is the star of the bunch with more channels than all the others combined, plus new ones added every day.  The interface is clean and it allows you to search from the main screen and view results that show your options for viewing/purchasing from various channels. For $99 (and often cheaper) it is the best option available today for streaming without getting tied down to a specific content store like Amazon or Apple. It also allows memory expansion through a micro-SD card.  You can also get the AMAZON Instant Video store to stream from an app on the Roku!Fire TV did some things right.  I like its remote control better than Apple's and Roku's.  The Voice Search, although copied from Samsung's Smart TVs, is mostly accurate once you remember to hold the button down while you speak, and the Fire TV square box, like the Roku, can be hidden from site when you use the remote.Unless you are totally and fully invested in putting more money in Jeff Bezo's pocket through the purchase of mostly Amazon content,Roku 3 is probably a better choice if you want a streaming player...or if your TV is on the fritz and you'd like to do away with an add-on box, Samsung Smart TVs offer a lot of built-in choices without the additional hardware.As far as APPS, I did not really try out APPS on the Fire TV as most require the additional purchase of a game controller.Roku 3 and Samsung Smart TV also have built in Apps or Apps that can be purchased and can be played with the same remote that controls the unit.
I'm having issues with intermittent signal loss via HDMI hooked up to my Panasonic ST60 plasma TV.  The signal loss happens at random intervals, usually for about one second, where the screen goes black and sound cuts out.  I've tried using different HDMI cables and switching HDMI ports on my TV but still getting this problem.I also tried testing the Fire TV with other TV's I own to see if it is a defective unit or an isolated problem on my Panasonic plasma.  After hooking it up to both a 42 inch Samsung LCD TV and even my Asus 23 inch computer monitor, I didn't experience any signal loss whatsoever.  This leads me to believe that the Fire TV is not playing nice with my Panasonic plasma for whatever reason.  If anyone has any suggestions or solutions to this issue I'd appreciate the help.Until this problem is fixed, I can only give this a max of 2 stars, the saving grace being the clean, snappy and responsive UI, and the ease of sideloading Android apps not offered through the Amazon Marketplace.
Some would even call it a deal killer.  The unit is unable to play DLNA or local USB storage content.  Similar to the Google Chromecast, this is primarily a cloud streamer.  Plex is the closest app available to a DLNA client but it still not quite the same.I'm hoping Amazon enables these features in a future update.  Till then, I'm just not able to recommend it.
I own several streaming solutions (Roku3, Chromecast, Xbox 360, solutions built into TVs and Blu-ray players, and many older things too ancient to mention). I had some initial connectivity problems, wired Ethernet didn't work (but I didn't spend any diagnostic time on it). WiFi connection worked well, but reported slow download (I've got a slow 3/1 DSL line, maybe that was the issue). The feel of the software is VERY speedy compared with the Roku, and even the Xbox. Graphics loaded faster than I have come to expect, especially with my slow DSL line. Netflix and Youtube seemed more stable than usual as well, with less buffering.My complaints mainly stem from how the free Prime videos seem to be hidden behind layers of paid episodes. With my 3 and 5 year olds in the room, I did a voice search for one of their preferred shows that I knew was free with Prime, and up popped dozens of episodes that were new and exciting to them. All showed costs associated with them, with a few showing up as 'watch now'. I know Amazon wants to sell stuff, but getting my kids all excited over episodes that I'm never going to buy was a bit annoying. There should be a 'Hide all but Prime' mode.An advanced network diagnostic mode would be nice. When I had initially tried connecting via wired Ethernet, it failed with a generic sounding message advising powering off the unit. Would be nice if it would display the IP settings, MAC address, or more failure info.The microphone search should extend into Netflix and other Apps, maybe by adding in a "Search Netflix for..." header to your search request.HBO Go is a notably missing App.The Plex App (nice and low initial price, thanks!) worked better than any of the other Plex implementations I've seen so far. Very speedy as well.The future multi-user parental controls and dedicated kids content sounds quite interesting, I can't wait to see how that turns out.All in all, a nice unit, but could be so much better.5/31/14 UPDATE:  Down to 2 stars...As far as I can tell, there's no way to integrate this unit into a home automation system via direct IP control. There seems to be a way to kludge it together with an IR to USB converter, then IR bugs on that unit from the home automation system, but that's pretty lameI've had a constant battle with scaling. It would great if the unit could save the various scaling options on a per-resolution basis. My TV is 1080p, and my projector is 720p. I usually have to run the various screen scaling wizards every time I switch displaysWhy the heck does it ask me for my PIN number every time I want to watch a Prime video? It's free... I don't feel like I need to authorize a $0 purchase.
Advertising is misleading. I thought my prime membership would allow tens of thousands of free shows and videos but I have had a hard time finding them. Otherwise, easy to install and navigate and love the convenience of watching Netflix on my tv
Too much buffering!!!! Not able to watch ANYTHING without constant interruptions!  VERY FRUSTRATING AND DISAPPOINTING!!!! NO RECOMMENDATIONS HERE !! SORRY!
I was excited to early adopt the Amazon Fire TV. I was an early adopter of the Kindle Fire and Amazon Prime and have been very pleased with the kindles and prime service. The Fire TV was pre-configured to my Amazon Prime account and set-up was a breeze. That warm and fuzzy feeling about my purchase quickly faded after about an hour or two of my son playing Asphalt 8 Airborne car racing game. For some reason, the sound completely drops out. We later noticed this to occur after watching movies. My profession is that of an electrical engineer and techie, so immediately I suspected an overheating issue. The box is located in a well ventilated area and the room temperature was at 72 degrees F. To the touch the box felt much warmer than I would expect. I also noticed that there are no vents in the box itself where heat can dissipate. I contacted Amazon regarding the sound problem and explained to them that I suspect an overheating problem with the box and that I took precautions to insure that it was in a well ventilated area. The rep said that he would contact their engineers. A few weeks later I received a follow-up message that their engineers suspected an overheating issue (thanks a lot for confirming what I already knew) and that I should move the box to a better ventilated area.I would have a returned it then and there, except that my son has already invested a lot of time to build up credits in his racing game that we fear will be lost with a box swap. As a last resort, I bought an electronics cooling fan to set the Fire TV box atop in its already well ventilated area in hopes that the overheating problems would be resolved. It helped, but not entirely. Instead of the sound dropping out after an hour, it drops out after about 1.5-2 hours. I suppose I could relocated the Amazon Fire TV box in our refrigerator and run a really long HDMI cable to our TV, but still not sure that would fix the overheating problem. It's hard for me to believe that Amazon &#34;Engineers&#34; would design a &#34;dual core&#34; set-top box like the Fire TV and not include in the design any ventilation slats or other heat dissipating measures. My recommendation for anyone considering the purchase of an Amazon Fire TV is to either wait until Amazon fixes the overheating problems or learn to read lips. I already have several Rokus for my streaming TV, so I think I will stick with Roku for now. I may need to look into Apple TV as well. I'm disappointed in Amazon's customer support regarding there Fire TV. Hope they provide better support for Fire TV and their new cell phone. Don't think I'll be an early adopter of Amazon technology until they better manage their product launch and customer support.
Let me start off by saying it does work like it is supposed to.  It looks good, easy to set up, and the voice recognition actually works.  It does seem the voice search only searches amazon though.  I have movies in my flixter account and when i use voice search it only shows me where I can buy it in Amazon.The reason I was not happy with this is due to the fact I ordered a Roku at the same time.  It has many more channels/apps to use.  Also many of the apps on Roku are free that the Fire TV wants to charge money for.  Ie. Plex.  I use Plex are a media server in my house.  On roku, Plex is free and works instantly with my in home media server.  I can watch anything I have saved on my pc, in almost any format, on my TV.  When I hooked up my Fire TV, I have to buy the Plex app for $5.  Also, there are many kids channels on the Roku that I did not see offered on Fire.  Honestly It seems the Fire was based around getting you to use Amazon Prime (which I am already a member) but I want to use other things too.The Roku has all the same apps Fire had (Amazon, Amazon Prime, Netflix, Hulu, ESPN, Plex) and seems to have many, many more.  A big one for me is Vudu.  Vudu plays ultraviolet movies from you UV/Digital HD locker.  Fire only has Flixter (which is also on Roku).  While they both play you UV movies, Vudu shows movies that Flixter does not.  Disney movies do not show up in Flixter.  So all the Ironman, Captian America, Frozen, Little Mermaid, etc. only show up and play on Vudu.  So I can stream them from Roku but not the Fire TV.  The only thing the Roku does not do is games.  But they are the same games the kids have on their kindle fire.  So that is not a big deal.Since the Roku is about $10 - $20 cheaper and it does so much more, I am returning my Fire TV and getting another Roku 3.  Again I am not saying the Fire TV does not do what it is supposed to, and it does the things it does very well.  Just make sure you research what it can and cannot do very well before ordering.
Save your time and get the Roku. The Fire TV is only good for Amazon Prime. The voice search only returns results for Prime. I thought this to be its weakest point. The shows on Hulu are blacked out for a few seconds when returning to the show after an ad. They need to fix these flaws to get me to plug this back in instead of the Roku.
I won't give this one star, because that descriptor says I 'hate it' which isn't the case. Since this product is brand new on the market I thought I'd give it a try. What can I say, I'm a gadget junkie. So for the review:Pros:1. Works well for Amazon Prime and if you're a gamer then you might like this. (I'm not a gamer)2. Well built and interesting concept with voice search which worked fairly well.Cons:1. If you have your own DVD/BluRay collection in digital form and use Plex you're going to be disappointed. The big fail here is DTS and Dolby Digital do not work. Oh, and you have to buy the Plex app for the Fire TV. The UI is not as clean as the Plex UI on Roku.2. Overall experience with FireTV UI is kind of mishmash. It's nicely laid out, BUT it's primary focus is Amazon Media (duh, it's an AMZ product) so unlike the Roku which is relatively media agnostic, all apps appear equal on the Roku, whereas the Fire TV is not.3. HBO Go and Showtime // HBO Go just isn't and Showtime is not available for DirecTV customers. Again, Roku just works.Summary: If you have your own collection of media and use Plex then go Roku 3. Although the FireTV has more memory and a quad core processor, I tend to think that this extra room and power are to make this a good gaming set top box. It's UI is no faster than the Roku 3. Plex works perfectly with DTS and Dolby on Roku. Not so with FireTV (although I suspect this will be rectified shortly).I wanted to really like this box but it's first iteration isn't quite there. It has all the engine under the hood but the software and apps just aren't there yet. If all you want to do is watch Netflix (which worked fine and Dolby was fine) or Amazon video (prime or not) then this is probably a good choice for you, but you can get the same experience with the Roku 3.The differentiator between the Roku 3 and Fire TV is this: The Roku has ear buds that plug into your remote and the Fire TV has voice search. Other than the cons listed above with the Fire TV it just depends on what you expect to get out of this box.I'll keep my ears on re. updates to this device but for me, sorry Amazon, I just returned the device.
By the time it and the Kindle HDX downloaded everthing they needed to operate my data plan was decimated. I increased data plan and tried streaming movies from Amazon and Netflix suffering lots of lag, buffering, and more data decimation. I have gone back to my PS2 and only wish to return and forget Amazon Fire.
I am returning my Amazon Fire TV, I thought it would be great, but when watching netflix the quality is poor.I have to use my dvd player or Roku to watch netflix.the netflix app in Fire is terrible, very pixelated.
I've always had multiple Roku's in the house for years. When one of those died, I figured I'd give Fire TV a shot. Navigating is fast and simple enough to use. Amazon based streaming works fine and there is rarely any lag with those. My trouble seems to be with the Hulu and Netflix applications. For whatever reason those seem to have to buffer quite often. Never had this problem with any of the Roku's or Xbox 360 that I've used for streaming in the past. Also, after a while the Fire TV will start complaining about the internet connection. When this occurs I run a speed test from another device and it's always fine. I've found the Fire TV requires a reboot periodically to fix this issue. I bought this the day it came out and as time goes on I find myself wishing I'd stuck with a Roku device.Oh, as for the games? Don't buy this thinking you'll have an enjoyable gaming experience. Lots of ported Android phone games that quite frankly aren't designed to run on (Fire) TV's or with the optional game controller. Not a huge concern for me but may be for others.
It stops in the middle of a program, saying my connection is bad, however our laptops work fine. After going through some shows/ movies we like , I find we have to buy them. Your advertising for fire tv is very misleading. I expected to cancel our cable, however, it looks like what we would want to watch would only be more costly. very disapointed
I ordered this Amazon Fire TV box and remote to enhance my Home Theater and our entertainment choices.  I started out poorly, in that the wireless took many times to enter the security code.  It just would not take.  Frustration was really sitting in, when it finally connected.  No screw-ups on my part.  It was just a long and grueling process.  The software update, also took a long time to download and the install was just barely better, as it did load a little quicker than expected after such a long download.  Then the disappointment really peaked when the setup asked for who you used as a wireless server and gave a very limited list of servers and OTHER.  I chose other as my DSL provider was not listed, and it is a bell south ATT server.  My wireless connection was made, but &#34;with problems&#34; as stated on the connection notice on screen.  Nothing would work, until I finally got it to connect later after turning off another device that uses wireless connection.  Now each time I try to select something to watch, I just loads and loads and if it does select the offering, Netflix, it drops out and has to load again.  I plan to connect with the product service and if they do not resolve these issues, I'm done and they can have it back.
When watching any content from Amazon the amount of data coming down the pipe is huge compared to Netflix. The first month I had the device I received a notice from my ISP that I had used over 360GB & my plan is 250. I saw the forum post blaming it on a screensaver so I disabled that but usage is still high. Please allow users to set the quality of the stream so we can stay within the limits of our plans.
While the voice search concept is just phenomenal, the lack of support for other services is a big Debbie Downer for me.I am using multiple services in my quest to wean myself off of cable TV and I want a device that is open to all services that can meet up to Amazon standards. I am just talking about voice search, in case anyone was wondering but I would like other services to be added such as Aereo, Red box etc...As for other issues, the box will lock up on me occasionally forcing me to pull the plug. Not good.Video output will sometimes freeze or be choppy and I can hear audio but get no video.Brand new HDMI, verified to work on multiple devices so I know its not the cable itself.I am on FiOS 75/25 so I know speed is not issue and I tried running my Roku box and my  network TV without issue.So there's a problem with the Amazon Fire box.
I like the idea of the Amazon Fire TV, but I have had not much more than frustration with it.  There has been a buzz in the sound since I connected it.  Sometimes pulling the power cord and resetting the unit would help, but most of the time it would not.  Who wants to reset the box EVERY time you want to watch something.  I have also been very disappointed in the available content.  Almost everything I wanted to watch required me to purchase content.  Unless I wanted to watch TV shows from previous seasons or older movies, I could not find the promised free content.  It is virtually impossible to find support for this product and have not found any resolution to my problems through the support offered.  I am returning the unit this week.
I've owned apple tvs over the years and figured I should get something for my parents. Thought well, I have prime, might as well try out the Fire TV. Sadly it is just not ready.Voice search was spectacular. Understood everything said to it, and was really cool. Really wanted to keep the fire tv just for this.However, it doesn't work in apps. So no voice search in netflix or any other streaming app. I read they are opening it up to app devs, but probably a long ways off before it just works.The other issue is that while the search works great, what comes up is mostly stuff you must purchase. Even with it tied to my prime account, most of what came up required renting or purchasing, and it was not well indicated what was on prime for free vs what had to be paid for. You really had to go into the video description page to find that information out, then back to the search to move to the next video.Also, there was no way to limit all the results to only be prime videos. If that was there I would have kept it. I have prime, I have netflix. I don't want to see things I need to purchase. If I do a search and its not covered in those services, I don't want to see it. But sadly there was no option for that.Best you can do is set it to require a code to purchase anything, which while it would stop errant purchases, does nothing for usability.Remote and hardware was great, but sadly the UX is just not up to par.
Not enough family choices available as prime member.
The Amazon Fire TV works very well with all Amazon content, so as a prime member I'm happy with that part of it.  The voice search is also very nice, but it does not search into Netflix which makes it much less useful.  Speaking of Netflix, the Netflix App on this device is currently less than stellar.  It sometimes stutters the playback and this week stopped working altogether (requiring a full Reset to Defaults to get back after calling customer support).  Overall for about the same price I feel I should have went with the Roku 3.  I've never had any trouble with the two I owned.  So far the Fire TV has had a number of small issues, and the major Netflix issue.  It just seems like this device just isn't quite ready for prime time.
Just ok
Yes a lot of boxes have Hulu and Netflix, etc. But this thing is, crazy fast. I can fast forward and back through streaming video with no delays. I always thought it was my network when Netflix and others buffered all the time on my TiVo, but never seems to happen on this.  And having all my Prime Instant content on TV rocks.  And the voice search is SUPER neat. Makes Apple TV look downright clunky and old fashioned. Don't have the game controller yet, so haven't tried the games, but so far very impressed.AMENDED:  While the video is great, I'm amending my review down to 2 stars.  I'm HORRIFIED to find out this device can't play Amazon's own MP3s!  Do NOT buy this YET!  This is an alpha/beta release.  I can play my Amazon cloud product on my partners freaking iPad and iPhone...but not on Amazon's own hardware!  I have the Amazon cloud player on EVERYTHING (iPad, Galaxy S5, Samsung TV)...everything...EXCEPT Amazon's own hardware. Inexcusable
I was really hoping to love this device.  I'm deeply integrated into the Amazon ecosystem and use it as my primary source for music movies and games.  I have both a Fire and a Paperwhite and am typically an fanatic of all things Amazon.As a result, I have been using Amazon apps for my android phones, tablets, and gaming devices sometime.  For someone that already had access to Amazon movies on a Wii U and a PS4, this is extremely disappointing.  For people who have these tools, Amazon has given us little reason to spend the extra $100.  There were so many features that could have been included to enhance the experience and make me feel good about the spend, but weren't included like:-Where is my x-ray without using a Kindle?This is one of the things I was most looking forward to... to be able to press a single button and, without a second screen, be able to see actors and dive deeper into the film.  This is already offered on Kindles, why not Fire tv.  If someone asks about an actor, I have to go into the other room, grab a fire, boot it up, then I get the answer.  It should only take one button press.-So the voice search only works for finding amazon movies?For all the talk in the release presentation about how frustrating it is to type using a remote, I sure have to do that a lot when typing in account emails and passwords.  Also, it doesn't work in searching in netflix etc.  Again, how am I supposed to feel good about spending $100 when I get a similar experience on my consoles?-Why can't I filter out prime only in search results?I'm feeling cheap today.  I feel cheap most days.  Let me filter out the free movies in my search results.If you currently do not have a streaming box, this may be a good option if you are invested in the amazon ecosystem.  If you have a console or streaming box, pretty much all your getting is voice search for Amazon content and apps.I'm going to keep mine in hopes the above get addressed (I'd be willing to have a dedicated box that does the above and pay $100 for it).  I'll also modify the review if these are addressed in an update.Come on, you can do better...
Got a warning E-mail from Cox yesterday.  My bandwidth usage doubled since I plugged this in.  Amazon says it's because of the mosaic screen saver, but I only use the standard screen saver.I already have an android TV box in my bedroom, I put this new one in the family room so I could watch my shows out there too.  So, it's not like I'm watching more streaming video.
This device requires payment for what I would receive free with Amazon Prime, Netflix, or Premium channels series or movies, for which I'm already subscribed.  I like the voice commands.  When I plugged it in, It already recognized me, which was good.  But it will not recognize my Prime Membership.  So, I don't like it.
It's great but definitely not perfect. This device does not support DLNA  OR NFC which means I can't stream directly from my android, the allcast app they recommend doesn't work. So instead I have to upload videos to there cloud service more like clips, I can't upload anything more than 20 minutes, the worst part even if the video I upload is in in 1080 it streams it in friccen HTML which is what your phone uses because it can't support flash.....so it's below flash quality. Not to mention I have to pay for the cloud service.If your obsessed with the highest quality video like me go elsewhere. The only time anything actually looks hd is when I play a movie from my iPad using airplay.Some good stuff, it's fast as hell I very rarely have loading times, the voice feature works great to, however it won't work with netflix.
Based on price, functionality, and the number of channels, the Amazon Fire TV was found to be far behind the Roku.
I don't recommend this if you have kids and need parental controls.  The parental controls are a waste of time.  You cannot set the level of what you allow your kids to watch like you can with all of the other devices.  Once you turn on the parental controls you then have to type in the pin for every movie and tv show watched, regardless of the level you set on your Amazon Prime account.  You are better off sticking with ROKU until they get this thing fixed.I gave this two stars because I was expecting better from Amazon.  I was hoping to be able to finally cut the cable cord but until they fix the parental controls on this thing it is useless.If you do not have need of parental controls I am sure the device will work fine for you.
Not what I had hoped. Very much tied into Amazon Prime thus limiting the number of free shows. Complaint 1- ac converter too wide, it blocks the plugs on either side of my power strip making them unusable. 2- for $100 you would think they could throw in a $4 hdmi cable. 3- Netflix stopped working after 1 week. I can sign in my shows will not load. I deleted the app and re-installed it but still ng. Going back to my chromecast setup and will consider a Roku.
Unit works great, especially the voice command feature.  My problem is with the Amazon library - most of the content is not covered by Prime and prompts you to purchase or rent content.
I purchased this product thinking I would be able to stream a lot better at the far side of my home.  It works no better that my Roku which was half the price.  The  Roku is a bit friendlier to use.  I can add new channels with no problems. I do like the remote on the fire. The voice command is great,  Not sure if any of the movies  are free as all my request came with a cost. My kids like watching the WWE Network and the Fire does not offer the WWE Network.  I'll keep it for a month to see if it will grow on me. I don't think it will.
I notice a regular slow down in video playback, as though the processor hits maximum throughput but still has more data to digest. Seems to occur around 45 to 60 seconds apart. It is consistent. You will see 8 to 10 frames lag, skipping intermediate frames, which makes the video stutter. It only affects video, audio seems unaffected.
Overall I am glad that I purchased the Fire TV.  However there are several critical failings which I wish I had known about prior to purchase.1.  The voice search is easy to use and does recognize titles very well, but the function only searches Amazon content. So if you are searching for a TV series that is available for 'free' from Netflix or Hulu, the only result you will see is from Amazon for a fee.2.  Showtime Anytime App does NOT work if you subscribe to Showtime via Comcast.So to sum up, I will keep my Apple TV on HDMI 1 for most of my digital content consumption, and leave the Fire on HDMI 2 for streaming Prime content only.
When this unit stream full HD it bufferes a lot. I am using comcast blast and 5Ghz wireless connection.. It look like the cache gets full very fast. My Apple TV and Roku stream full HD without any buffering.But all other function/ interfaces are looks beautiful..
So why, on my Amazon device am I not able to stream music from my Amazon music collection to this device?  Why go through the trouble of making all this new music available on Prime if I can't use my Amazon device to listen to it?  You want to compete on my mobile device with Pandora?  I don't think you're going to make any headway on that.
Pros: small, quick response with the remote and decent graphicsCons: upon searching, this unit directs you to content you must pay for (example below), less intuitive then other such devices to operate (unless you simply want Amazon content), MAC addresses should be printed on the outside label for those who use such things for setup.I've owned and operated many of the other streaming appliances, this one was purchaed expressly to know more about the voice commands, I have an aging family member that would benefit from this.  The voice command is pretty cool, I notice that most everything I searched for needed to be paid if I wanted it.  That seems a bit odd as I have Prime, Netflix and Hulu plus so I played further.  I loaded Netflix and found House of Cards.  While at the point where I could simply press select and a show would begin streaming, I decided to ask the Fire TV for Kevin Spacey.  It quickly came back with several movies and House of Cards...if I selected House of Cards now I would be charged 2.99 to view content I already have the rights to.  I did the same with a movie on Netflix and had the same result.I then engaged the parental controls, simple enough that would prevent my loved one from paying for content that is already paid for; the issue now is most everything needs a password to use.  It also didn't say if it was paid content or the price, once you type in your password away it goes and the charge happily goes on your Amazon BillThis product needs lots of work, it also needs a gut check from the suits at Amazon.  I'm going to keep the unit to monitor the progress of a very negative shift in program delivery.
First let me say I love this thing. However things that were promised aren't there yet... One of the biggest reasons for the purchase was freetime for the kids which was promised by springtime?  What happened I mean they have parental controls which prevents from kids buying stuff but that also means they can't watch anything without me putting in the password. Extremely annoying.!! Please fix that or get freetime up and running. I would definitely change my  stars to a 5 then.
I set it up which was very easy.It worked good until the next day when I tried netflix and all I got was a white screen.The only way it would play I had to unplug it and then plug it back in.The controller would not work sometimes on netflix,it would lock up but only on netflix.It has a great picture and works good on amazon prime.There is to many bugs in this right now.Maybe they will improve it in the future because Amazons products are usually very good.I would not recommend this product until they get the bugs out of it.I will stick with my roku 2.
The service works ok but it seemed that everything I wanted to watch I had to pay for. It does make navigation very easy to use to get to the shows you have to pay to watch. Why pay for this service in the first place? I was very disappointed in it and don't understand why it is not free. I do not want to pay for a platform that makes it easier to get to pay TV shows and movies. Who needs it? Not for me, that's why I sent it back 2 weeks into my free 30 day trial. I can go to other places to get movies without have to pay.
I'm not sure if I was just expecting something different or what, but the main problem I seem to have is that it doesn't behave like I'd expect a set top box to behave. The biggest problem is actually the home screen - it's really badly jumbled so that when you need to access the apps you use the most, you have to search for them among things less frequently used. This problem is most pronounced by the recent items list at the top, which ideally would give you access to things you use the most, and would otherwise be a great place to find commonly used apps. Only it really doesn't behave this way.There isn't any way (from what I could determine) to pin apps to a specific spot that you can always find them.Like for example, if you recently watched an episode of Under the Dome just one time, that episode gets a higher priority in your recent item list than say Plex, which I commonly use to watch other stuff.Also, I have all three of Amazon Prime, Netflix, and Hulu. A lot of the shows my mom watches are free in Netflix while they cost money with Prime. She instinctively goes for them in the regular menus, which you can't populate with Netflix items, so she thinks she has to pay money for shows that she can actually watch for free. Roku, for all of its faults, doesn't have this problem. In its search feature; you'll know immediately if you can watch the show for free or if you have to pay via vudu or Amazon.This is especially amplified by the fact that by necessity, Netflix is buried in the menus (because it can't be pinned.) Yes I know it will be in the Apps menu down in the list, but there is no discernible option to prominently place it on your home screen; rather it always remains buried.As mentioned earlier, I'm also a Plex user, and have a bunch of shows and movies archived on a NAS. Ironically, the version of the Plex app Amazon provides for FireTV works with pirated content but not legitimate content in that it doesn't play my direct 1:1 blu-ray rips. This is in theory the same Plex app that I can get for my Nexus 4, Nexus 5 and Nexus 7 via Amazon's app store, and it works fine for those, but not the Fire TV. I don't know why this is the case, but it is. I tried torrenting a copy of the same movie, and that copy worked fine on Fire TV.If it were up to me, even though I have a prime subscription, I'd prefer to hide the Prime video on demand content entirely so that the recent items menu doesn't get cluttered with that junk, and so that I don't have to worry about having to tell people that they don't need my pin to watch some of those shows (they can just launch Netflix instead) as I almost never watch Prime VOD anyways. That doesn't appear to be an option however.Initially I replaced a Roku 3 with this and moved the Roku to another lesser used room where I need an STB (right now it has no TV at all.) I moved the Roku 3 back to the main room and I'll have to find something else for that other room (I'm thinking Chromecast at this point.) The Roku 3 has kind of a bad UI for Plex and is quite slow compared to Fire TV, so it's a shame in that regard, but it at least WORKS with all of my content, and is easy to navigate.Also, I will NEVER buy digital movies or TV shows on Amazon Prime. Why? Because Amazon is already known to just arbitrarily deny you access to it if the publisher asks for it. It's in their terms and conditions (search google for 'amazon christmas disney movie' (no quotes) and read the ars technica article on the topic) which is another reason I don't want Prime TV to be listed there.Sadly, in spite of all of my high hopes (and the overall love for the Android OS and all derivatives of it) I'm going to be returning this.
Although small in size and easy to set up it is not nearly as good as my Roku XD/S. It seems to load quickly but has issues with the video and constantly re-buffering during the prime time Hours of 8:00 PM and 11:00 Pm, the video will freeze quite often which has never happened with the Roku.Another annoying aspect is the screen menu is much smaller than the Roku making it difficult to read what each episode relates to in a series and the fact that each time the unit is turned on I have to log back into my Netflix account where the Roku held my settings. Hopefully these issues will be corrected with future updates.
I am big Amazon fan. I have and adore my Prime account. My son uses his Kindle far more than any other screen in our household. I've always found Amazon to be very up front and forthcoming about their products and pricing.With all that said, I am very disappointed with the Fire TV. While the device is one slick piece of technology, the interface is skewed horribly toward Amazon content. I subscribe to Netflix and Hulu PLUS in addition to Amazon Prime so imagine my frustration when their key selling feature, voice search, only functions with Amazon content. This should have been disclosed in the description of the feature. Also while using the device I always felt like the interface was forcefully steering me toward making a purchase from Amazon. I paid for the device so I don't feel I need to be up-sold every time I try to get to Netflix so my son can watch something from the Discovery channel. Its almost like the interface is telling me &#34;But wait, why watch Raging Planet for free on Netflix when you could buy it from Amazon.&#34;The device has a lot of potential but in its current state does not hold a candle to what Roku offers . First item I purchased from Amazon that I will be returning. Fortunately, my Roku 3 is arriving tomorrow.
Have 2 Roku Streaming Sticks (&#60;$50 each) and bought the Amazon Fire TV. It works well with Amazon Marketplace and games from Amazon, but find that it is not very user-friendly. The home screen is cumbersome for non-Amazon channels. Netflix has crashed on it several times. The selection in other channels to watch is lacking in comparison. Would gladly pay half the price and just get another Roku.
Do not get this if you plan on using plex with surround sound! The only format that the fire will support any audio above stereo is MP4. Since most Plex users use mkv format this makes this box a dud. Its a real shame because the interface is much better than Roku. But no surround on Plex is a deal breaker. No amount of transcoding or tweaking can really fix it without re-encoding your files. Its a known flaw in the Plex forums but with no real workaround. Its an Amazon issue.
Now that I've been using the box for a couple weeks I'm getting used to it.I find it difficult sometimes to separate the included prime content from the pay content.Many of the TV shows are $1.99 per episode that should be included.Searching for content is time consuming and I find it easier to choose videos etc from my laptop and save them to my watchlist.My Roku has more to offer with less hassle.
The system is sleek and operates fast when functional but there are too many glitches and bugs. This was not ready for release. Here is why I returned mine:&#34;Consistent bugs with Netflix app where it just opens a white screen, problems when waking up from idle where the internet is undetectable and worst of all video randomly drops out and turns screen to snow.&#34;
I am writing this on the hopes that people who work for amazon actually read these things. The fire tv is actually a pretty great product, it works fast, has a decent amount of apps, and the voice search is accurate and convenient. However the one problem is one that other customers have brought up. There is no way to view &#34;Pime Only&#34; movies and tv shows. There are a few categories such as most popular tv/movies on prime, and also recently added tv/moves on prime.I have an xbox one in my living room and a fire tv in my bedroom. The app on my xbox one is leaps and bounds better than the interface on the fire tv. The main point being, the xbox amazon prime app has only prime content on it.I get it tho, amazon wants people to buy content directly from them but they can do this another way. Please simply add the amazon prime app to the list of available apps. Or simply make a category that is &#34;Prime Only&#34;. This seems like a simple solution and will get rid of a lot of the negative reviews on this product. If you are able to change this, Ill change my review to 5 stars right away. Great product but needs an update to fix this one annoying part.
Packaging some of the best I have seen, if not the best.  The voice remote only takes you to Amazon content and cannot be used with others such as Netflix.  No ability to load USTVNOW like with the Roku units.  If you want you world limited to Amazon content this is a great way to go.
While in theory, this is an awesome device, in reality it leaves lot to be desired.  The much touted "voice search" feature is nothing more than a cheap shot at the wallet.  It only returns items for sale on the Amazon store and works with nothing else.  Also, the lack of ability to filter results for "free" or "paid", only emphasizes the fact that you just gave Amazon $100 so they could further extract money from your barren wallet.  Furthermore, for $100 US dollars, you are gifted with a paltry 8GB of internal storage, of which almost 2GB is used from the start and there is no way to expand.  I'm keeping it only due to the fact that I am simply too lazy to return.On the plus side, the Netflix app is a real gem here (no thanks to Amazon for this).  It's  quite wonderful to have all of the Netflix catalog ready to go at the touch of an FM remote (recall my earlier diatribe...the voice search doesn't work unless you're partial to having your bill-fold pilfered).  Maybe some day, when the dead start digging their way out of graves, Amazon will actually put out an update to allow the voice search to be used in every app.  Until then, I suggest you use the money to build up your defences for impending zombie apocalypse, I'm guessing this is more likely to happen.  If Amazon actually fixes this, I will happily change my review.  Until then, I will continue to unhappily use this product.
I was quite eager to be this device.  When it arrived, less then 12 hours after ordering it, I was amazed at how quick and easy it was to get up and running.I have Apple TV and Roku.  Apple TV because I unknowingly bought into there closed ecosystem, (and Amazon Prime doesn't work internationally) and Roku because it has everything else.  HBO, TIme Warner, Optimum. PBS, none of which are on the Fire TV.The voice search, which is far superior to SIRI, only searches Amazon.  Roku's search searches everything. Well worth having to type.If you don't have a Roku box, don't want HBO, do not care about choice of video providers, and like limited search, this is the device for you.  If this were a few years ago and you could wait for so additional functionality, then this would be a great box.But it is 2014. You should get a platform that supports multiple providers.  For those that might say, Amazon will be rolling out other platforms shortly, you may be correct.  But look at how long it has taken them to make Amazon Instant Video available on Android.  Oh right - it STILL is not supported.Bottom line.  Fast install, fast box, limited channel selection, no track record of delivery.  Roku was beating the Fire TV 2 years ago.
As background I own several Apple TVs, Roku 3's and Chromecasts. Along with plenty of other devices. I also have a large investment in BluRay and DVD, having had over 5,000 films during my peak of building out a Home Theater. With that comes a substantial UV (Vudu & Flixster) and Digital Copy library (iTunes).Initial usage of the Fire TV has shown me that this box is fast and flexible. The voice search is excellent. BUT for some reason the search only picks up Amazon content. It does NOT currently show available media on Flixster or Netflix. This is for something that was touted as an open ecosystem, and not a proprietary one. Well then, how do I access my existing library?Worse, but along with the previous point easily fixable is the fact that my only access to my UV library is through Flixster. Flixster works great on a tablet. But for some reason the Fire TV is not properly caching the content of my movies, so everytime I launch the app it takes minutes to show the content. Further all recent films are NOT available in HD. This is a huge hole in the openness and functionality of the Fire TV.I can't search on my content.I can't watch much of my content in HD.Easy fixes, but a hard sale for someone who owns a Roku or Apple TV.Fire TV needs VuDu as an app, and access to the iTunes library that folks own to be truly open. I'm vested in UV, and Amazon should take note of that as folks like me are typically the leading edge. UV has matured, and Amazon needs to be a much better partner.UPDATE 4/3/2014 I talked to Amazon.com&#65279; and they confirmed that NetFlix chose to not enable the search functionality, thus the Fire TV search does not bring up NetFlix content. The same appears true for Flixster, and they confirmed that Fire TV is not currently a supported HD devices for Flixster content. All fixable, but ultimately making the Fire TV currently a closed eco systems with no real access to UV or other parties digital content that customers may already own. It's a tough pill to call up a search for content you own, and only be presented with purchase options from Amazon.
Not quite ready for prime time. I would seriously look at all your options before spending money on these gadgets.
I have had problems with ISP rebooting Fire getting scrambled. Still trying to re set Fire. I had apps in my smart TV already, so  I dont see a lot of added advantages with Fire
Powerful hardware but lack of execution
This product has great potential but as of now the only thing it does is try to suck up money.  Everytime I try to search for an item, I can't tell what is free and what requires payment.  I watch primetv from my PS4, PS3 and iPad and have always filtered to see new prime content was available.  So I ordered this for my father and was dissapointed to find this feature was missing. On the FireTV, the only way to view prime content is to create a list in your watch list beforehand on a computer rather than having a filter like every amazon app available.I'm returning this product dissatisfied and hope that people know before they order one that they can get a great service from the existing amazon app on iOS, android and the new gen gaming devices.  Skip this until amazon fixes this issue.
There isn't enough in comparison to the other devices out there. Amazon has access to other apps that allow you to watch TV shows such as ABC, NBC, HBO, showtime, ABC family, fox, and many more. If they added these apps to Fire TV I would love it giving more reason to use it. I got rid of my cable for that purpose. There isn't enough reason for me to stream to this device.
What an amazing product that works better than the rest. But why can't I get the best picture quality with flixster, Netflix, and any other movie application??? Apple TV shows all HD. But fire can only show amazon movies in HD?!?!?!
I was excited to receive my Amazon Fire TV in the mail.  I am stationed overseas and miss US TV programming so I was excited that this product was announced.  Set-up was simple...and then my excitement ended.  This product will not work outside the US because of copyright restrictions.  I would hold off buying this if you are outside the US until you return.  I now have a beautiful paperweight for my office and that is about all it is good for now until I am stationed back in the US.
I sold my Apple TV 3 to give the Amazon Fire TV a try. Here are my results:1. Packaging - comes on a nice small box. 5 Stars *****2. Set Up - set up was simple to do, the on-screen keyboard is ok, they have added many of the email services like .gmail.com, yahoo.com, etc. It connected to the network fine. - 5 Stars *****3. Interface - clean, but not as good as the amazon app on the Xbox 360. Very hard to find prime movies and shows. They have included both paid and prime versions in the same interface, so it appears that they want you to rent/buy the shows instead of having a dedicated Amazon Prime shows box. 3 Stars ***4. Purchased Amazon Videos - I have purchased some shows in the past, so trying to get to them was an unpleasant experience. I tried to go to the show I bought (i.e. Season 3, episode 11) and I had to go to Owned Videos, scroll and look for the show, then scroll and find the correct season, then scroll through the episodes that I do not own until I was able to find episode 11. This of course is very unappealing since I already know what I own and not own. 2 Stars **5. Hulu - The Hulu interface is not as good as the Apple TV, but the worst part is that the video keep freezing, although the audio keeps going, I had to continuously stop the playback, then go back to the show. 1 Star *6. Hardware - the best out there, 5 Stars *****Overall experience - Although other apps like Netflix and Plex worked as design, I was not happy with the interface experience. You can fling your videos from your Kindle Fire HDX tablet, but not with the Kindle Fire HD. That is very pathetic in my opinion. I usually like and support Amazon products, but this one is not for me. 2 Stars **
Sorry Amazon I was disappointed with this product.  I get way better programing on my Roku and I expected to have access to more shows and not have to pay.  I am still limited to just the Amazon Prime shows.  If I am missing something please let me know.
It is pretty good but gets stuck and freezes from time to time. Customer Service gives a temp fix till they figure true cause.
The press release and launch event were very misleading here. It was implied that voice search would span content sources (e.g. Netflix, Hulu), but in fact, it only searches Amazon content. I feel a bit  deceived.Also, the Prime content (included at at no additional charge with the membership fee) and paid content (charged per episode/movie) is not clearly delineated, making the Amazon content frustrating to browse.The graphics and UI are fantastic, and the hardware is impressive, but so far, the overall experience is wildly lacking.
I have a amazon fire tv and an apple tv. Although the fire tv offers great apps and games its connection lags, the screen quality goes in and out, watching it buffer every 10 minutes is not cool, and the only way I can see my hbo stuff is through a prime account. Apple tv provides more apps and access to all the third party apos without a iTunes account. I feel to get the most out of the fire tv you have to purchase amazon prime and thats a shame.
Our blue ray seems to stream better than the Fire.  I am hoping that the buffering system gets better, but extremely annoying when the sound continues just fine and the visuals are frozen in time.  Eventually it all gets synched back up.  Worse is running two movies at once. With the blue ray it was fine. With the Fire it barely works. I am trying a second unit to see if it is better. The jury is still out on that.
I GAVE ONE TO MY MOTHER WHO IS DOWN WITH CANCER. SHE GAVE IT BACK TO ME. SAID EXTRA CHARGE FOR PRETTY MUCH EVERYTHING, BECAUSE MOST THINGS FOR FREE SHE HAD ON NETFLEX. I ALSO GAVE ONE TO MY 28YR OLD GRANDSON WHO IS WELL EDUCATED AND HE DID NOT LIKE IT EITHER. HE DID NOT TELL ME WHY BUT I THINK HE DID NOT WANT TO HURT MY FEELINGS. I THINK IT MUST NOT HAVE ADDED TOO MUCH TO WHAT HE HAD. SO I GUESS I HAVE TO GIVE IT ONLY TWO STARS.
I am a solid Amazon prime member.  I was hoping for a lot from this box.  I got it Friday, and I'm returning it back Sunday.  I 'ike the Roku 3 better.It is a screamer in terms of responsiveness, a bit, but not too much faster than my Roku 3.My biggest beefs:1) Menu system is quite a bit clumsier than roku 3.2) Voice search works pretty well, but it is limited to amazon and vevo only.  Not good.3) There is no output option for 1080i.  I have an older 1080i only HDTV, and I don't think I should have to be looking at menus in SDTV.4) The Biggie... No search of amazon prime only content.  When you do find say, Orphan Black, which is free on prime, when it is found, the first thing it asks is whether you want to buy the episode for $2.99.  You have to actually go to a *Sub-Menu* to see that it's already free with Prime.  This seems like a brazen cash-grab, and is an insurmountable defect in functionality for me.Amazon says it is correcting these issues &#34;before the end of the year.&#34;I'm still a big fan of the Amazon prime service, but this product offering is a miss.
It is very nice. Streams well, fast and even the games are decent.,  I ordered the game controller as well. When I got it I was excited to play some games. However, I quickly realized that the lack of memory in the device was RIDICULOUSI downloaded a few games and when i went to get NBA2K14, it advised me to delete some other ones due to memory!!!!BACK IN THE BOX IT WENT........ I cannot and will not deal with them.... LISTED AMAZON.... MEMORY IS CHEAPPPPPPP8GB REALLY?????
Like the Specs but hate the in your face buy this buy that interface.Even when you have a Amzon prime membership to play free content you will not know it untill about 3 uneeded clicks in the interface &#34;Rubish&#34;.There needs to be a future to only show free content supplied by your amazon prime membership in an update or this is a bust for me.Pushing all the paid content in your face is a no go when you have kids in the house even with Parental controls. I see a lawsuit coming in the future for Amazon over child purchases just like Apple. Please update the software to have a kid friendly ecosystem without having to pay for a kid service on the side monthly LOL.If Amazon changes the interface to have a selection of only free content &#34;Prime membership wise&#34; I will change my rating, Otherwise they can shove it somewhere.
Did not work with my internet speed. I could not get past the initial update download. We were very disappointed.
You can't get to your mp3's on the amazon cloud. The remote freezes up constantly and you have to take the batteries out and put them back in for it to work.  I am very disappointed, everything else I buy that is &#34;Amazon&#34; brand is excellent. This is completely not a typical Amazon product. I think they rushed getting it on the market.
it was to hard to operate................every time you wanted to watch tv you had to unplug it and then when you wanted to use it again you had to go through putting in your pass word for wi fi
I've been playing with my Fire TV since I purchased it, and the more I use it, the more three things really stick out:1.  It's a major disappointment Amazon chose to launch this without more media apps/channels.  I had chosen to purchase this on day 1 knowing it had a limited selection of apps because I believed other features and benefits of the Fire TV would off-set being an early adopter.  But this leads to point 2...2.  There is no killer feature here for why anyone should buy one of these today.  At best there are corner cases where a Fire TV may work better than a Roku or a Chromecast.  But for us normal folks, this is a widely available recipe which has been cooked up on many other devices.3.  While the Fire TV is neither a DVR nor a live TV streamer, I'd hoped the product would be so useful that I could cut back on spending on television, premium cable channels and STBs from my telco.  It is not.This led me to ask, who exactly did they build this for?  Best answer I can arrive at are the same people who needed the "mayday" feature on their Fire tablets.I don't find the price for this device offensive.  I also found performance to be great, but I've used the Roku 3 and own a Chromecast, and never found those to be an issue for my basic media streaming use cases.The game apps are ok but useless, IMO.  They're the same games you can play on your smartphone or tablet, and the user experience for the game I did play through the Fire TV is better on my smartphone.If you've never touched, owned or purchased a Roku/Apple TV/Chromecast/PS3/Xbox, and your first media streamer is a Fire TV, you'll probably be blown away.If you have, unless you really want a Fire TV for a specific reason, I'd avoid it for now.  There is no killer feature or benefit yet.  It may emerge over time, but the competition won't be sitting still either.  Other devices should be coming on the market over the next few months, so you may as well wait and see what the options are in a few months.If one of the many limitations presented in other reviews is a dealbreaker for you, don't waste your $99.---------Update 4/7/14---------So I've been playing with this all weekend, and the more I toy around with it, the more I find limitations for which I find extremely frustrating.1.  The storage on this device is limited to 8 GB.  After downloading a couple games from the amazon app store cloud, I basically ran out of space.  If you are buying the Fire TV to play games, be aware of this.  This re-inforces the "who was this built for sentiment" because if you don't plan on playing games, ever, the specs on this are overboard and you're not getting value from the device.  If you are planning on playing games, then it's pain to know you'll have to constantly manage storage, because decent games run ~ 1-1.5 GB each.2.  Navigation is clunky.  By this I mean you have to constantly jump in and out of applications and you have a different experience with each content provider.  For example, from the home screen, if I want to open Netflix, there's a bunch of steps to jump through to get to Netflix.  I have to search for the app.  I have to open the app.  Then I can search from within Netflix.  The extra steps to find video content make the extra processing power of the Fire TV unnecessary, because that extra time getting around in the Fire TV is the same as any slowness on the competitions' search or buffering or video loading.On this point, it's extra painful if you want to switch between 2 apps.  To get from Netflix to say Hulu, you have to go home, then go find the Hulu app, then open the Hulu app, and then search.3.  The limitations of the remote become increasingly annoying.  There is no way to use a universal remote or control your television.  This is a limitation to an extent with other streamers, but at least there are workarounds.  There is no workaround for the Fire.  You will need to use your TV remote to switch inputs on your TV, control power and adjust volume.  It's annoying for the living room where I have my best media setup and this is the only one where I have to have at least 2 remotes with me and do manual switching when I want to use it.These things may change over time as well ad the UI is refined and as they iterate on hardware features, but the more I use this, the more I stand behind my rating.
Very easy to set up.  As soon as I started watching a show it started to freeze the picture.  I tried another show and did the same thing.  I'm returning it.  Hopefully Amazon will fix the kinks.
I love Amazon but unfortunately I couldn't bring myself to see any real value to this product. This is your standard streaming box that has been out for a long time now (like Roku) and their best selling point (voice search that actually works) only works with Amazon video and nothing else. Otherwise, this thing does everything my PS3 already does for me. For these reasons I returned the fire tv. My suggestion is that there are cheaper boxes out there that do the same thing if you really need one.
Roku is actually better at Universal Search, meaning it has one. The Fire TV is easy to use, but if you have HuluPlus, Netflix, etc. and search for something using the Fire TV remote control (voice or otherwise) it seems to default to Amazon content only. My 7 year old might want to watch a kid show and I pay 3.99 to rent it on Amazon instead of letting it find the free one I have available with my Netflix subscriptiuon that Amazon already knows about. As a result I have to search for it for my 7 year old by going to Netflix and typing it using the remote. I might have to return it since I can already do this kind of search on anything else, like a wii.I'm not disappointed at the rest of the experience, it works great. Its simply failing to make it easier for me to not have to be in command of the control when my child deserves to watch something as a treat and let her be in control (I can do this but then the child would control my wallet too!). Amazon, please make the search &#34;Universal&#34;! I was trying to make something simpler and easier and it was really an epic fail in this regard.
Fire TV is a good first try for Amazon. I encountered a few minor performance issues but the main reason I'm giving it away to a friend center around content access.THE GOODVoice search works REALLY well.Good remote.Extremely quick interface.Extremely fast Amazon content delivery.THE BADPerformance issues:On some panel and AVR combinations (panasonic/emotiva) there are issues with color fidelity and black levels. Even when connected directly to a panel, there are some gamma anomalies noticeable in skin tones but these issues are not necessarily reasons against purchasing the device.Content access and third party apps:I understand how Amazon content is and should be the priority but it's over the top. Apple TV also uses this model yet the interface lessens the impact, and frustration, when accessing non Apple content. Specifically on the Fire TV, all third party apps are basically buried (accessible in a single row) and the remaining user experience is completely dedicated to Amazon content. Furthermore, Prime content is not accessible from a single, clear interface element which is very different than the Amazon apps on Roku and other devices. All of this is perfectly legitimate but at the cost of user satisfaction.Since Netflix has s such a broad user base, one would think Fire TV's Netflix app would be mature but it's on the same level as the sub par panel or blu-ray player based apps. It's sort of frozen in time. Content is still findable but this is really disappointing. Compared to the Netflix apps on the Apple TV and Roku 3, Fire TV is abominable.I'm going back to Roku as it's agnostic approach to content is very user centric.
My frustration level with this product is through the roof. Hulu is REAL problem with this thing. Actually, for the first 4 weeks I had it, it was perfect, no problems whatsoever. Was able to watch my favorite shows on Hulu with very good pictures, sound, etc. Now, about 6 weeks into own this piece of junk, I get no picture on my Hulu shows, only sound. My WiFi signal is listed as &#34;very good&#34;. I have rebooted countless times. I have turned off every other WiFi signal drawing device in the house for good measure, so the Fire can have the signal all to itself. No effect: no picture on Hulu, only sound. Or, picture for a second or two, then freeze frame while the audio continues. I have uninstalled Hulu and reinstalled it, I have done that twice, actually. No effect. I have cleared the cache and deleted the data from the Hulu app; no effect. WHY is this such a problem????? I can stream Hulu from my Mac -- in the same room, using the same WiFi -- NO PROBLEM. I can even stream Hulu from my iPad with no problem. Amazon Fire? Doesn't work. Here's the thing: why did it work perfectly for a month and then all of a sudden stop working? That's the part that infuriates me. I notice however, that the Amazon Prime stuff works just fine (figures) -- except they don't have the shows I want to watch, which is why I'm trying to watch Hulu. Netflix is also sluggish compared to Amazon Prime. Why offer the other apps if they don't work??? I'm a dissatisfied customer.
There is no web browser , no voice search in apps, and no keyboard for easy text searches. Samsung's blu-ray player with internet apps is better.
I was so excited when this product was announced. I wanted so badly for it to be great. I'm a big fan of Amazon so it is with regret that I must criticize their Fire TV device. Sadly, the device has been a constant source of frustration. Upon first installing it, we encountered an issue with the sound. We resolved the first sound problem only to have a second sound issue arise a few weeks later. Amazon support has tried to be helpful, but the technology is just not up to par.
There's a lot to like about the Amazon Fire TV. It's zippy, unobtrusive, and the remote feels luxe. There's also much to dislike: the perplexing lack of HBOGo, the Netflix app looks several-generations dated, and the strange choice to implement the marquee feature (voice search) solely with Amazon's content.My biggest issue is as an Amazon Prime member. I expected a much easier way to find & discover Prime video content. This isn't the case, since the Fire has no visible notation of what is Prime content during search, until you drill down into a show.As the UI on the Fire TV stands now, you are forced to select a show from Amazon's library, and then maneuver to that specific episode's page, and then select the option to watch for free below the purchase buttons. Prime video content, It may be included, but it's impossible to tell at a glance what is/isn't free without some effort. I understand that Amazon is trying to sell content, but offering Prime video as a selling feature, and then making it incredibly challenging to find isn't the way to build user loyalty.Update: after reading this review, Amazon attempted to call me, and then sent a follow up email. The email is pasted below:Hello,Tried giving you a ring but wasnt able to get a hold of you, after reading your review figured I would give you a heads that what your looking for will be coming sorry for the wait though.With a free software update being delivered to you this Spring, you will be able to browse several categories of Prime content, including, but not limited to: Top Prime TV, Top Prime Movies, Prime TV for Kids, Prime Movies for Kids, Prime TV by Genre, and Prime Movies by Genre.HBO GO will become available on Amazon Fire TV later this year. HBO GO is HBO's authenticated streaming service offering subscribers instant access to over 1,700 titles online including every episode of new and classic HBO series, as well as HBO original films, miniseries, sports, documentaries, specials and a wide selection of blockbuster movies.In addition, classic HBO programming will also soon be available on Amazon Prime Instant Video.Thanks for using Amazon Fire TV.Best regards,Brandon H
love it but you mix everything come on ! Very ____ when looking all seem to be pay like 90 % of the time what good is to me a member?Same waste of time surfing that I hate YOU found what looks good and NO cost you when they said free  LOL
Have Amazon MP3 as my cloud music library, and this cannot access it.  It can access Pandora.  This is not ready, so I should return it.  Voice is cool, but only if you want to search Amazon, Netflix and Sho.  No HBO, Starz, FX, AMC, NBC, so missing the hot channels.  I won't recommend it now, but can see the engine is in place to be the standard - so to speak.
Does not work that well with my DSL connection. Also ask me to purchase the movies and other items. That was not mentioned when I was reading about it or when Mr. Busey was describing it on the Amazon commercial ad.I would like to return them. Only opened and tried one of them.I am current using Direct TV only because of the Bundle option and that is not a very good combination as there is really nothing to watch of interest except local and national news.Just not pleased with the product.
Audio is very tinny and I use closed captioned to understand some things. I never use closed captioned on anything else. I am hoping maybe an update will fix this someday.
Interface is confusing at best and app selection is limited. It was really fast but that's pretty useless without much to watch.. I think I'm gonna get a roku 3.
I used this device to replace my aging power-hungry PS3, mainly for watching content from Netflix, Amazon Prime, and my router's media share.The device is unobtrusive, with a nice muted power LED.  And the remote feels solid in the hand with a nice texture.  The buttons are relatively well placed as well.But the software needs a lot of work:- You can't control it using your TV's remote through HDMI like you could with the PS3, so you end up with an extra remote lying around.- There's no way to put apps on the home screen, so my favourite media player for Android can't show up.  Instead I have to dig 3 menus deep to find it.- The interface doesn't animate very well at all.  Movement is choppy, and the Netflix app looks like something from the late 90s.- The voice search feature, while a cool idea, is useless because it mixes up paid and unpaid Amazon content, and doesn't search Netflix.
It's a nice looking product, but right out of the box, it seemed to take forever to set up. It kept logging me out of my Netflix account.  When I was watching a show on Netflix, it would change the aspect ratio to some weird stretched view. There is no way to single out free prime movies v. the paid ones. I think I will just stick with my Roku 3, which seems to be very smooth, and much easier to navigate, plus you gotta love the headset that you can use with the Roku 3. Its really nice to watch a show and not wake people up.
Easy to use and set up.  Has great potential.  However, the content is weak compared to Roku and Apple.  The only reason I'm keeping Fire TV is because I am a Prime member.  Content from CNBC and Fox Business would be nice -  to compliment the already included Bloomberg Stock Market TV.  I already have Netflix DVD.  Amazon should work on getting more recent movies and TV shows in their system - in a timely manner.  I have to wait too long on Netflix.
New Edit:I must say how utterly rubbish the parental control feature is.  Once enabled with a PIN, the PIN is validated ONLINE!I lost network connectivity on the unit, and in order to get into Network Settings panel, you guessed it, I must provide valid PIN.PIN cannot be validated because there is no network connectivity -> Pls try again later.Really?  I hope someone gets shot in the kneecap.--I use Plex at home.  The Fire TV native "home screen" is heavily borrowed from Plex, so the familiarity is there.The Plex App is the Google Android version.  FireTV reports its DLNA version as Android 4.2.2.When using Plex for high bitrate MKV playback (Bluray backups) over  wired ethernet, forcing Direct Play in the Plex profile and making Plex Server use DLNA to transfer the MKV file makes the FireTV not work at all.When using the Android profile, but using "Maximum Quality" setting (making Plex transcoder use the -vcodec copy  flag) makes the FireTV bog on a frame and unable to playback reliably.When using the highest bitrate available (20Mbps 1080p) , the Plex transcoder uses the flags:-vcodec libx264 -crf 18 -maxrate 20000k  and playback is flawless.Despite enabling DD+ in both Fire TV and  Plex audio profile, I am unable to get anything like AC3, DTS, DD+ to work on my setup.By comparison, I also use the Plex app for Samsung SmartTV, and I am able to playback MKV natively with full audio and codec support.As long as FireTV is unable to do native MKV playback, it'll be a 2 star product.
Not what I expected. Most applications need some sort payed product to view. Such as prime,Netflix,or your local cable.
If you are tied to the Amazon ecosystem this box is for you.  The interface is primarily geared towards watching content from Amazon and not just Prime.  This is really focused on purchasing or renting Amazon content.ProsSearch by voice works very wellCrisp clean text and images for the menu and other contentEasy setup (although didn't get my timezone correct, EDT)Starts streaming Amazon content quicklyConsInterface is not friendly to an owners content, only towards buying/renting. Requires many clicks to get to the content you want.Home button doesn't display your owned content, except in the "recent" menuRemote is touchy, difficult to move forward and backwards in menus or movies without going past the contentIf you don't buy solely from Amazon, stick with a Roku 3Search only works for Amazon content. If you are in another app, say Plex or YouTube, search will take you out of the app and provide results outside of the the app you are in.I would recommend you stay with a Roku if you ware not tied to Amazon only content.  The menu is easier to navigate and you can readily see your content.
I was looking forward to this device because I use my Amazon Prime benefits pretty extensively; the movies, TV, books, music and 2day shipping. However, once I got it hooked up I quickly realized that movies and TV is all it does (well you can add games apps but I don't get into those so this review doesn't address games at all). Don't get me wrong, the picture quality is great, the digital audio works very well and the voice search is very fast and really cool. The problem is that that's all it does. Its an Amazon device and I can't browse Prime content on it like I can the Roku. The Fire TV comes with optical digital audio but I can't stream any of my Amazon music with it and keep in mind I'm writing this at the same time Amazon released Prime Music without any plans to access it with the fire TV. I can however, install the Amazon cloud player on the Roku!?!? The Netflix app is also better on the Roku. Listen, if we're going to pay more for an Amazon device then we should be able to access more Amazon features through it than on another device. What about shopping, music, our books and why doesn't it communicate with the kindle fire? The only feature that's supposed to work with the Kindle fire is flinging movies and TV to the Fire TV, and that doesn't work all the time. A stationary Amazon device that connects to your TV and audio system, interactively talks to your other Amazon devices and lets you access your Amazon account and all its services is a great idea; call me when that product hits the market.
Fast piece of hardware, but menu is confusing or takes time to get used to it, selection of movies on Amazon is confusing also - I suspect it has a lot to do with loosing so much space on the left with the men&eacute;e and having large icons on the screen . In particular year of release and actors are found immediately, need to adjust your eyes and search!The worse part to me is that there are not many apps of interest, even compared to Apple TV. Tokugawa is of course in another category for thisThey probably will have more apps as time goes, but for the time being I am disappointed.
I bought the Fire TV the day it was launched and I intended to use it for media streaming and games for my 7 yr old. If the gaming is going to be one of the reasons you buy this, please buy something else. Problem is that apart from 4-5 games, rest of the game in the available catalog are for tablets and phones and that creates huge problems. The games are optimized for touch controls and do not translate well to controller based control systems so much so that you cannot even quit some games or advance through levels. My son has been so frustrated over these issues, that this silly box is not worth the aggravation. Media streaming works as advertized but there are other more mature options from Roku and Apple available. I am a loyal Amazon subscriber but this product was not very well thought out...especially the greedy decision by Amazon to sell incompatible games in the app store.
Very disappointed in this product.  It would not connect to Netflix, even after resetting.  Sending it back.  We had one of the original Rokus, and wanted to upgrade to something more powerful.  This one looked good by description.  It works great if all you use is Amazon Prime Streaming.
I connected the Fire TV to one of my HDMI inputs on my audio processor and it did not work. I could get neither sound nor picture. The input worked perfectly with my Apple TV and Roku so I know the input worked correctly. Based on this I returned the unit to Amazon who promptly refunded my money. Amazon are always good about this sort of thing.Since the device provided no new features that I do not already have, I did not request another unit. I had purchased this unit purely to investigate the new Amazon Fire TV. I believe that Amazon have some early teething troubles that need to be sorted out. I have purchased a number of Kindles from Amazon and they have worked flawlessly so I think this may be a one off. I may try it again later but for the moment I enjoy Amazon videos via my Roku which works perfectly, for the moment.
NOTE 6/1/2014: Originally I had given this 4 stars back in April, but after waiting and waiting for it to improve, I've changed it to 2 stars.Finally there is a sub-$100 set-top-box (STB) that is powerful enough to play HD video and support flashy applications (to include games that rival previous generation consoles).  The specifications are great from a performance standpoint. It boots up very quickly.  It is low power (&lt;10w normally) and the quality to my HD projector at 1920x1080 is superb.APPS: When and if the Fire TV App Store has started to get more content I will come back and upgrade my review.  Right now it's pretty slim aside from the essentials in streaming (Plex, NetFlix, etc.).  It is possible to install standard Android applications (apk files) via the Developer mode.  I have been able to setup TeamViewer, Firefox (Aurora), XBMC, and a few other applications without too many issues. These applications are not made for FireTV so some buttons might not work, and the cursor shows a big circle instead of an arrow.UPDATE 6/1/2014: Not much has improved as far as Apps availability in the official Amazon store.  Updates are infrequent.  Netflix still has a weak interface.  Plex is available, but you have to setup your own server and it's not free.  It still doesn't integrate voice search with other applications.  It rarely shows content aside from Amazon on the main Home screen.DEVICE COMPATIBILITY: It natively supported all of my wireless (not bluetooth) mice and keyboards.  I did not get a gamepad, but I do not see why it wouldn't be difficult to provide other input devices (certified for FireTV) in the future. It did not detect my USB storage devices (flash drive and USB hard drive) but I presume this will be working at some point given the device only has 8GB of space (which could hold only a handful of games and/or a few hours of synced HD content).UPDATE 6/1/2014: No compatibility with Flash devices still.  Almost ran out of space installing GTA San Andreas before finding out I need a gamepad to even run the application.AESTHETICS AND FEEL: The box is small, light, and nondescript. I like the simplicity of the remote; however I wish it was designed differently as I continually press the Home button instead of Play given their proximity (which then exits my current program and returns me to the main Home screen).  I think this should be removed as accidental button pressing in some applications does not give any warning -- and instead just exits and/or closes entirely.  Better application support for the Home button might solve this non-issue.UPDATE 6/1/2014:  The Home button's location on the remote has become a major annoyance now.  Applications have to be specially developed to have a custom action for the Home button, or else when you press it the application closes and returns you to the main screen by default.  Depending on the application, you might lose all of your progress or it might just be running in the background.OVERALL:  I am not going to return it.  I had just purchased a Roku 3 when the FireTV came out, and chose to return the Roku 3 in favor of the FireTV.  The Roku 3 has better app support, but it is not as fast and developer-friendly as the FireTV.  The FireTV has greater potential in the long run because porting existing Android applications is possible without considerable effort.UPDATE 6/1/2014:  At this point I'm pretty disappointed with how Amazon has handled it post-release.  I was hoping that the application store would grow much more than it has.  It sounds like Amazon's "walled garden" approach has turned off developers from getting anything new or exciting on the FireTV vs. other Android or Roku devices.  It is very good at playing Amazon Prime content or a few decent games and applications... but that's about it. I wish I had kept the Roku now... or waited a little longer for the Android TV to come out.
If all you want to do is watch video purchased from Amazon, it's probably a pretty decent machine. But if you want to use the voice search to pull up Netflix (like most people), you're SOL. If you're in the Netflix app and you do a voice search for a movie, it hijacks you out of Netlfix and brings you to Amazon Movies instead. Let me repeat. Instead of showing you the version of the movie that you can watch for free with your Netflix subscription, they try to trick you into paying to watch the same movie through their competing service. This is utter nonsense. And, arguably, false advertising.
Liked the size and features this device offered, but the performance was very inconsistent and after three weeks, it stopped working.  I found the user interface to be clunky and not intuitive.
Love the concept - easy to use - beautiful display BUT - after using it for 3 weeks - 21 days , I got a notice from my cable provider - I am currently at 287GB of data usage and well over my cap. I live alone - work 5 days a week and watch limited tv. I had never come close to my cap before the Fire TV. They claim an issue with the screensaver is causing the issue - perhaps. All I know is since using the Fire for 3 weeks - I have gone from minimum data usage to almost 40Gb over my limit. My Fire TV is currently unplugged and going back to the Roku. Hopefully, they can fix this issue - I had planned on buying several more - so glad I did not. Also, my son went over his limit 2 days ago - once again, he had never come close to his cap either. The issue is most definitely the Fire TV. Both of us got the units within a week of each other. Neither had ever had a problem and if you search Amazon Fire TV data usage - you will see many threads and others with these issues. My advice - hold off purchasing and see if they can correct this. If they do - it's a great purchase. If they cannot - it's a data hog and prepare to have your data capped or limited. They say that the mosaic screensaver is the culprit - I never changed the defaults and my unit displays only the slideshow screensaver.Good luck to you!
When it works, it works great but if the box is not positioned just right, we get a ton of pauses during a movie to &#34;reload&#34; the system.
We have had the product now since April 7, 2014. The biggest problem we have had during ownership is that about every 45 days of use it won't play any TV or movies on any service including Amazon Prime and Netflix. Support has you to first clear the application data. If after that does not work support has you to reset the device to factory defaults. So the first time this happened the clearing app data worked and the second time it happened it did not work and we had to reset it. Now, after a clear data you must reconfigure the application again to work. After a reset of the device you must run through the entire one hour of setup. Where is downloads its update, you connect it to your network, you register the device... all that. Ya it very painful.Besides that major major defect it also needs significant improvement is the parental controls. There is only one option for parental controls as of April 10, 2014 and that is to turn on password protection. What this does is to make it so anytime anyone wants to watch something or play a game you must enter the password. So, basically anytime you want to do anything on Fire TV when parental controls is turned on you must enter the password. Parental controls need to have many more customizable options before they will be useful.The only other issues that came up was during the installation process. Out of the box the product connected to our fastest in home WiFi hot spot automatically (5GHz). However it immediately downloaded an update. Right after the update was done it would no longer see the fast WiFi and instead would only see the slower one (2.4GHz). Rescanning for the networks would not find the 5GHz. I called support and they told me to pull the power cord on their Fire TV, wait 25 seconds and put power cord back into the Amazon Fire TV. After that it saw the 5GHz network just fine. So the setup is a little clunky, requiring a hard reset for the WiFi to be fully functional.
(updated 2 weeks in)  This is interesting, and I expect Amazon will bring rate limiting to the system before long:  I rented and watched a Prime paid movie the other night.  I didn't think playback was too terrible, though it did need to buffer a few times.  They just refunded my payment for the rental.  Those refunds are going to cost them over the long run as customers with broadband at the lower end of the speed metrics buy the boxes and then buy content.Received the Fire on Thursday, unboxed it and set it up Friday night.A lot of what it does, it does really well.  I wanted a single device that would let me view local content, Netflix and Amazon video.  All of this is possible to do, which is great.  Being able to sideload apps is very nice as well, since it means I can have the box read my files off the NAS for itself..  By enabling a PIN to block accidental purchases I get a filter of sorts to assist with sorting Prime benefits from stuff I must pay for.Sound output's pretty good even before I have a DAC to run the signal through.  It's rather frustrating, though, to be so unsure what format audio is coming off the box.  So far I've only once had a few mismatches between the audio format and the television, but not knowing for sure whether it's trying to output a digital or an analog stream is too bad.  A couple of LEDs on the front would be nice, one illuminated for analog, the other for digital, and taking their cue not from the OS itself but from the HDMI and toslink chips directly.Amazon needs to have a way to get customer-loaded apps to display in the carousel.  Until they do, installing Lama along with the apps you prefer lets you bind your app to the launch of another app you're not interested in - but which you downloaded from Amazon, and thus has a place in the carousel.But then, the bandwidth issue.  Left to its own devices, Amazon video will cheerfully take 100% of your broadband connection.  If you're on a DSL line, as I am, it's a headache.My Netflix account is locked to the lowest possible bitrate setting.  But Netflix via the Fire grabs all available bandwidth, which Netflix via my tablet or my Western Digital box does not.Fine, I looked on the device settings page via the Amazon website for a way to set a system preference there.No such luck.My DSL terminates through a router that supports an untrust-trust policing bandwidth on a per-internal-IP-address basis.  Enabling that and limiting bandwidth to the box at 1.2 mbps lets me use the Fire TV and also lets others in the house get work done.But until Amazon sets something up that permits people to do this with the device itself, I suspect a lot of folks are going to be fairly unhappy.If you know what you're getting and why  and Amazon video is one of the sources you want access to, this is an excellent system.I wouldn't dream of recommending it for most people, though.
I keep getting messages...on prime error is &#34;Player Error&#34;Netfix is iffy, lately I get the message to try a different title, however I get this message on every title on netflix.I tried the 20 second reboot, but that dosent help
The UI is better than the rest of the pack, but the voice search only works for Amazon content (of which I have none) and not for any of the other streaming services supported by FireTV. I feel I was misled as the advertising (video and product description) failed to mention that explicitly.And speaking of voice search that &#34;actually works&#34; - it doesn't always; many times it missed some of what I said probably due to the fact that you have to hold down the button the whole time. Different from Siri and for an apple user like me it is difficult to switch that muscle memory I have for speaking to a device. I'm returning FireTV and am bummed because I was very hopeful this would be THE device to use.
The problem with Fire TV is content.  80% of what we wanted to watch was unavailable, even though it shows pictures of the movies on the menu.  What is available tends toward the recent and purile.  Plenty of American Pie 12.  The thing itself works well and is elegantly designed, but the lack of available content makes it almost useless.  Also, remember you're paying $100 for Jeff Bezos to have a direct channel into your living room for whatever mediocre content he wants you to rent.  You're better off using the public library.
I'm not the primary Prime member so the voice search was of little value though it did work somewhat with Hulu. What I found most annoying was that when searching/selecting for TV content that the most recent shows would require scanning through many older episodes and it's near the beginning of the year.I returned the Fire TV and will wait but will likely get another Roku 3.
Pros:-Great device in terms of the physical components (device is much thinner and smaller than anticipated; remote feels great)-Programming has never been so steady (meaning no issues with streaming or programs stopping in the middle for buffering)-I am convinced the images look crisper on the same tv-Incredibly easy set up (instruction manual is very brief for a reason). It took longer to take the cellophane off the battery than it did to plug in the cables and set up the deviceCons:-This is a big one - it is very difficult to identify Amazon Prime vs content you need to pay for (meaning content from HBO, Netflix, videos you need to pay for, etc.).  I used to play my Amazon Prime videos on our Playstation and Amazon Prime content was much more readily identifiable. Now, the menu options are arrayed so that you can purchase the video first and only if you press the 4th icon &#34;more options&#34; can you find out if the content is indeed free for viewing if you're an Amazon Prime member. If my explanation is confusing, it's because selecting Amazon Prime videos is confusing.  Much more confusing than it has to be. For those with the device they will know exactly what I mean.That's my only con and a big enough one that I will definitely be returning the Fire TV device. We signed up for Amazon Prime to replace Netflix and I can't/won't watch TV being concerned that I may inadvertently pay for programming I had no intention of paying for. This device makes watching programs you pay for 10 times easier than watching Amazon Prime &#34;free&#34; programming.I have to admit, this is the only time I've been disappointed in Amazon. I used to be a huge fan of Amazon's but not only will I be returning the device but I will make sure to let others know to steer clear of this device.Amazon is risking losing some loyal customers with the way the selection for the videos are arrayed.  I've always thought of Amazon as a really competent and efficient company that really does care to deliver the best value and service to their customers. This device makes it abundantly clear that this is actually a company that will engage in a practice to actually confuse and mislead their customers to make more money.I was torn between two stars and one star but I'll go with two stars because as mentioned previously the device itself is stellar.
To me it seems like the product isn't quite finished yet (I guess that's what you get for being an early-adopter). The interface is ok - the voice seems to be a bit gimmicky, though it definitely works. It doesn't seem to do the 'consolidated search' that it promises, where it will refer you to paid episodes of a TV series that are free through the Hulu application, or even sometimes via Prime (I see what you did there, Amazon). It occasionally glitches running through my Bose sound system (which is a hub for my HDMI inputs), and generally seems to be more flakey than watching streaming video through either my Roku or Xbox One. If this will be your only device for streaming TV, then maybe you will like it - if it's not, I don't think you will be impressed or even think it was a worthwhile purchase. I was hoping for more evolution through updates months after the product released, but it seems to be getting left on the shelves while they focus on their phone ...
The user interface leaves a lot to be desired first and foremost. Nothing is customizable, and searching through the Amazon Prime/Instant Video library is tedious unless you already know what you're looking for. The voice recognition feature does not work with searching Netflix, Hulu Plus, etc. It only searches within Amazon's ecosystem. Apps like Netflix and Hulu Plus constantly crash, and running YouTube is horrendously slow. I thought I could overlook the lack of HBO GO given the fact that Showtime Anytime would be available, but being a Directv customer, I do not have access to this app. I'm sure in a year from now, after many software updates this device will reach its full potential, but until then I'll stick with my Roku 3.
First the positives:  The unit is definitely solid.  It is a strong box compared to my Roku3 and it is pretty sleek.  Additionally, setting it up (other than Showtime) was a breeze, and the issue with Showtime is more related to Showtime itself which can be difficult sometimes.  It is very cool that Amazon preloads your account info so my Amazon Prime info was already loaded, this small thing is something that shows Amazon knows how to please the customer.  Also I have Amazon Prime so I assume I have more access than many others (I have Hulu Plus and Netflix as well - a movie junkie).Now the BIG minus.  Why in the world would you have a USB port and simply not turn it on?  I like to move my movies from my laptop to a USB drive because it keeps my computer from getting filled.  I can put maybe 20 movies on a flash and back it all up on an external drive so I have all my movies, pictures, videos) saved and backed up without destroying the storage on my laptop.  I then watch movies (or used to) on my Roku3. In fact, I had hoped that I would not need to convert everything to MP4 because I assumed with such a robust system and processor it would not be as picky as the Roku on what formats were accepted.  So I packed up my old Roku and spent a good couple of hours setting up all my accounts just like I wanted.  I then put my flash drive into the new Fire TV and low and behold...nothing.  I tried to access the photos and was told I needed to upload any photos to the cloud.  I tried to find an App to access the drive and found out the USB port is nothing more than holder for your flash drives you can put them there for safe keeping until you boot up your Roku.I realize that streaming is the way of the future...but seriously.  Unlike those that knocked the system for not having HBO, I knew what I was getting.  I verified the apps I wanted and checked to verify it does have a &#34;USB 2.0&#34; port.  It seems a little disingenuous to state you have a USB 2.0 port but when you purchase the system you find out that the &#34;USB 2.0&#34; port is not actually a functioning item, it simply is a hole.  Very tempted to return...undecided at this time.
I'm a Soldier stationed in South Korea. I bought the Fire TV on the day it was released, which was a week before I left for Korea. I bought it thinking that I would be able to utilize my Amazon Prime account and stream movies while I was in Korea for a year, but, it doesn't work outside of the U.S.! Now it's nothing more than a fancy paperweight on my desk. Had I known that before I purchased it, I never would have wasted my money!
I have tried several times today to download the software update. I keep getting a message saying download unsuccessful. However, I did contact Amazon Fire tech support about this issue. If the problem isn't resolved by the end of this week, I will repack item and return it. Just beware of this issue.
not thrilled with it. the voice option is super touchy and more often than not, we end up using the slower search where you have to type letter by letter.  It also doesnt offer Vudu which the Roku does.  We've gone back to the Roku which was less expensive to begin with and gives us many more 'channels' than Amazon Fire. Our Amazon Fire now sits in the unused electronics box and its not even completely paid for yet.
I had intended to use this for Netflix and other subscription services which I already have.  While it's possible to do this, the voice interface does not work with these services, it only returns results from Amazon instant video, most of which must be purchased.  I was willing to give Amazon video a try, since I'd heard that a lot of content was included with my Prime membership.  It turns out that I couldn't find one single thing, except for very few shows actually produced by Amazon, that was available without an additional charge.  Even searching the web for free movies on Amazon Prime, I found that all of the results had since ceased to be free.What's even more irritating, however, is that along with the Amazon-only search results, you also see a "more ways to watch" button, implying that it will tell you whether the content is available through another service.  In reality, "more ways to watch" consistently neglects to show you results from other services, such as Netflix, even when they are available!  This is blatantly misleading, an obvious attempt to defraud consumers into purchasing content that they already have access to.  It's insulting.Moreover, the overall performance and interface experience are disappointing.  Non-amazon sources such as Netflix and Hulu Plus are apps, and their interfaces are not as sleek or consistent as the primary one.  Also, while some reviews claim that you will spend less time waiting for videos to load, my experience has been the opposite.  On several occasions, I've had Netflix videos become riddled with frequent, seemingly endless interruptions for buffering, and then gone to my computer and had the same video available immediately and without interruption.In short, Fire TV is little more than a portal for purchasing content, a la carte, from Amazon.  If that's what Amazon is going for, this device should be provided at no charge, since one could easily rack up $100 in video purchases a month or two.  The hardware itself seems to have potential (though I'm no expert in this), but the interface is currently mediocre.  I'm a returning the Fire TV and will order either Roku or Chromecast.
Please note if you are looking forward to using the watchESPN app, 'live' sports events are shown with a 1-2 minute delay.  Hugely annoying to say the least.
What a disappointment. I figured I would be able to access the Prime free movies. I should have known better. They are mixed through pay movies, to hard to find. Yes you can access Netflix and others, but not by voice.
I understand Amazon wants to get these into houses so they can extend their services and brand, but limiting the screen mirroring to Amazon Tablets, limiting it to Amazon's own app store, and not launching with key software like HBOGo is not great for the customer.The hardware on this device is pretty great, but when you compare it to the OUYA which is shipping for the same price or less on similar hardware, it tells me that the Fire TV could've easily launched at the -SAME- price it is right now but included the controller.Give customers the Google Play store, give them a controller, support non-device specific Miracast, and get HBOGo approved for the device, and you have a Roku/AppleTV killer. Until then, this is just a device full of compromises, in a market full of devices that have compromises.
I was very excited to get the Amazon TV. Already have a Apple TV and a Roku. I was looking to potentially ditch the Roku and replace it with the Amazon TV. However, when i got the TV and tried it, it didn't work. I had numerous interactions with Amazon customer service and it was a horrible experience. First time I was disappointed with Amazon. The Apple TV worked out of the box, Roku worked out of the box but Amazon TV won't. If you have a older HDTV, beware of this...Call up custmer service and ask them if your TV is compatible.
Does the Fire stream local content, e.g. acting as a DLNA client, mount nfs and smb shares and play back from NAS? No. Split-screen? No. Emulators? No. XBMC? No. Yes it does Plex, but if you ever tried Plex - it's quite messy. The Fire TV box doesn't seem to be able to play direct from network folders, but relies on other media server software.However you can sideload apps:1.First go into settings>developer and enable dev mode so you can sideload.2.Install ADB. It's in the Android SDK, but that's 500MB, so get it from here: forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=25889793.If you used the download I linked, you can use adb from anywhere (otherwise you'll need to find where adb is and open the command line from there).4.Connect your FireTV and PC to the same network, and get the IP of the FireTV. To do this go to settings>about>network and write down the IP.5.On your PC, open up command prompt and type these three commandsadb kill-serveradb start-serveradb connect &lt;firetv ip>6.If all goes well, it should say something likeconnected to &lt;firetv ip>:55557.Now you can do adb stuff. To install an app, just typeadb install C:\path\to\app.apk8.Depending on the size of the apk it may be just a second that it takes to copy and install, or it may take a few minutes. But it should say success if it worked. If not, it'll tell you why.9.To access the apps, go into settings>applications and scroll through the list to find what you sideloaded.Then things get better, you can play all media types, emulators, and XBMC. The emulators run well and it also supports many by sideloading. This is gonna do gangbusters. My reasoning is because it is hard to get an Android device specifically for all aspects of HTPC.However, with Amazon's apparent war against the android community, not only can you not access google content (apps, movies, music, etc) from Kindles or Fire TV but Amazon also seems to be trying to block their own prime movies from being viewed on android devices.Here's the thing, The Amazon Fire TV Is actually Kind Of A Mess. Search is still a major issue, and so is the general availability of shows, music and movies. I'm not just talking about HBO Go here; I'm talking about how Fire connects to non-mobile devices. And Split-screen isn't an option for multiplayer-supported Fire TV games. If Google releases a Chromecast Pro that is like the Fire Box and supports Google Play, then would there be any reason to buy this? No....  readwrite.com/2014/04/04/amazon-fire-tv-review-hands-on-impressions
Its know better when Roku and cost $20.00 more,For the voice it only works when it hear the name said five times.Then every pick is a pay one.It is easy to use but same for Roku.Next its cost $20 to pick something to pay for.I ask for Bad Ass movie and on Netfix it was free and on Amazon you pay.
I was extremely excited when I got this unit but  VERY disappointed after using it for the first time.Good:-Nice graphic user interface-Fast internet speed/ processing-The voice feature is kind of cool and pretty accurateAbility to watch amazon prime. But I could have just connected my laptop to the TVNow the bad: (which I was extremely disappointed)-The product just launched this week and when I received it and turned on for the first time, it had to do an software update already. Took a long time.-It feels like you have to pay for every little video on there!!! The amazon prime movies section was OK and free to watch with my amazon prime account. But when you go to the Amazon Prime TV section it charges for every video OR it makes it confusing and difficult to find the amazon prime button to watch the video for free.- YouTube is not preloaded on it. Only Amazon's software. You have to download the app. Com'on Amazon...- the voice search feature doesn't work for YouTube- not much free content to watch and the pay stuff is pretty priceyAmazon Really??? You are charging 3x the price of Googles Chrome cast and you don't think we as consumers would have higher expectations? Let me repeat that again. You are charging 3x the price!Some suggestions for Amazon to improve:-you need more free content or even Amazon fire TV exclusive content- you created the Amazon 1-click but you completely forgot your clicks in this unit.... and quit hiding the free stuff-zero social media on this unit- more apps please- you really need to lower the price on this product. I feel raped for buying this thing 3x the price of my Chromecast-aside from being able to watch Prime, which the Roku can do too, what else is unique about this unit? You do realize Chrome cast allows you to browse the internet with your TV too... but amazon fire TV doesn't even have this small feature... so what is unique about your unit that you charge 3x the price?
I bought this item for my bedroom and was surprised when they didn't include VUDU (like most new Blu-Ray DVD Player offer with the internet apps) It was easy to install but I notice when playing amazon and netflick action movies seem choppy, I even used a wired Ethernet cable (will add a switch/router to see if that helps). But my main gripe is when using the voice search for movies, it only searches amazon movies (and mostly the ones you have to pay for), I have to select recently added to amazon prime for free movies. Not having VUDU is a downer, also because I use my Ultra-Violet account to upload my Blu-Ray DVD's. I would have sent it back, but my return window expired. I would purchase a Blu-Ray DVD player with internet apps (VUDU) before buying this.
I LOVE Amazon, and though I already have two Rokus, a Chromecast, and various tablets, I was so excited to hear about the Fire TV that I bought it on day 1.While playback was mostly smooth, apart from a few connection problems, I returned it because I could not stand the user interface: Sitting in front of a large TV and only seeing one title at a time,  when browsing for content, is a big waste of my time and patience. I am not half blind, I can handle more than one cover  at a time! To make matters worse, when you reach the last title in a row, it doesn't automatically jump back to the first. Oh no, you have to scroll all the way back.One.By.One!Search is fine when the remote understands you, but when it doesn't, you have one long line of letters from a to z ... One line. For real, Amazon?! What were you thinking? At least give me a keypad!Of course, then there is the fact that voice search is only available for Amazon content, that Netflix is listed  amongst other apps (the Roku has a better way to display providers side by side, which is understandable, but not user friendly), that only Prime content is not searchable yet, that the content and app categories are organized in a very bad way, and that there is no web browser, which I was kind of hoping for, being that the box is based on Android. Also, I was hoping that apps would be added very quickly, but that was not the case at all. In the month that I had it, I didn't see a single new app I would have wanted. A ton of channels I have on the Roku are not (yet?) available.I may try it again next year, but for now, I ended up always using my Roku and never my Fire TV, so it did not make sense to keep it.Have I mentioned that I don't like the interface?
Due to the &#34;Multiplayer&#34; entitled image with those two people playing a racing game against each other, each one holding such a controller, I bought two of these. I then installed Asphalt 8: Airborne, the first racing game you get prominently offered by the Appstore on the Fire TV.It took me quite a while to understand that this game, and as a matter of fact, THE VAST MAJORITY of Android games, just can be used with two controllers on the same physical device. This seems to be the big difference to a real game console like a PlayStation or Xbox.I've contacted Amazon Support and asked for a racing game with can be played with two (or more) controllers on the Fire TV. They replied as follows:&#8211;&#8211;&#8211;&#8222;The Fire TV device allows the customer to pair up to 4 game controllers with the device. How each individual app handles multiple controllers and if they allow local multiplayer is up to the app developer.According to the detail page, this app supports &#34;Multiplayer: Online VS.&#34;, it does not say that it supports local multiplayer. Online multiplayer means that each player must be playing on their own device and then they can join the same online instance to race.If the you search for &#34;Local Multiplayer&#34; in the Amazon Appstore, a list of several games that support this feature will come up. There may be more games that support local multiplayer, but it is up to the developer to advertise whether their game supports it in the application description. Most games that support local multiplayer will say so in the description.&#8220;&#8211;&#8211;&#8211;Now do a search for &#34;local multiplayer&#34; in Games on your Fire TV. How many results do you get? Approx. a dozen. (Free) racing games? One, the outdated Asphalt 6, which I yet have to check whether it works with two of these game controllers.In my opinion the wording &#34;Multiplayer&#34; is clearly false advertising, as the vast majority of Android Games are single player (local), or if multiplayer, then only network based (LAN or WAN).
Just a note that this controller is huge compared to other game controllers.  Think of the size of the pre-S Xbox controller.I have average hands.  This controller was designed for people who can palm a basketball in one hand.The hand grips are quite wide wedges so it feels very bulky and due to the size, the DPAD placement and triggers all feel like a bit of a reach for me.If you're cannot palm a basketball with one hand or have kids that might want to play games on your Fire TV, you may want to consider a third party controller as there are several Android gamepads that work and hopefully more coming in the near future.The ideal situation for me would be if the Fire TV supported the PS3 or PS4 controllers (which use bluetooth) or made a smaller version with a much better ergonomic fit for small to average hands.-------------------Update: After trying several hours of gaming with the controller, I've noticed a couple other gripes.  The weight is very heavy -- enough to actually cause "fatigue" in your hands while playing games.  The game "fatigue" may also be in part due to the somewhat slipperyness of the huge wedges where you grip as well.  Anyhow, my wrists felt sore after a couple play sessions of around an hour each.  Also, I wish they would have used the softer / more premium feeling material that backs the remote and the FireTV case itself on the grips for the controller.  I've still left my two star rating but I feel that even two stars is fairly generous for this controller after using it for a while.I've notice that most of the other negative reviews for the controller mention the bulk (either weight or size as well).  I'm a verified owner and I want the Fire TV to succeed.  However, I think that it needs a controller with better ergonomics to capture the casual game market -- especially in a household shared with children.  At the current time, I would suggest you save $40 by not purchasing this controller.  I haven't used the Nyko Pad but supposedly it's compatible and only half the cost (http://www.amazon.com/Playpad-Android-Bluetooth-PC-Mac-Linux/dp/B0092ZEINO) -- also, there isn't a 5 week backorder delay on it.
Will BYU TV be available?  This is a very important Chanel for all Mormans.  We need it for our conferences.  Please get that access .Bukynin@gmail.com
Don't care for the hand held unit.  Seems slippery to me.  Hard for an older woman to use.  My hands are small.  Having trouble with game setup.  Never used one before.  Will get there in time.  Instructions could be better.
There is nothing inherently wrong with this controller, but it simply is not as good as the ones that come with other consoles. Since the Amazon console can use pretty much any bluetooth controller, I would recommend picking up something a little more gamer friendly.
horrible lag  a waste of money  go out and buy an xbox controller with wireless usb receiver you will be glad you did
The lag time between hitting a button and seeing the desired result onscreen is just too long for this to be an effective game control.
Didn't even open the box after looking at the game choices and prices. Everything is costly unless you are willing to be bored.
I did not like this controller.  The input response is laggy even with the launch title games.  The controller is very large.  I have fairly large hands and this thing still felt bulky.  As for the feel of the controller, I think it feels cheap. Button presses feel flimsy and d-pad does not feel fluid. If I paid $20~$25 my review won't be as negative.  $40 is definitely too steep for this controller.  I am currently using a Xbox360 controller and I think this is much better in quality and design.Conclusion: Definitely not worth $40.
Anyone who has this, also has the Fire TV remote. If this controller felt anything like that, I would totally change my mind. I thought this would feel similar to an Xbox controller due to it's shape, but it is significantly more awkward to hold.
After playing games with so many controllers over the years, it becomes easy to recognize a problem really quickly.The pros:&#8226; was able to quickly and easily link it to the FireTV&#8226; can be used instead of the remote for all functionality&#8226; all the buttons are naturally accessible and the controller was comfortable to hold.THE CONSometimes button presses were not recognized. Depending on the game, this could be a deal breaker.Amazon has hit the ball out of the park with the FireTV. But this controller needs an update before it can be recommended. I am not sure if it is a hardware problem or software. But until it has been resolved, skip this.As an alternative, you can plug an xbox controller to the usb port in the back and that works perfectly. It HAS to be plugged in, you can't use that one wirelessly.
I was expecting a better reaction time from the games but I find myself repetitively pushing the buttons to elicit a reaction from the remote. This technology seems like its from the 1990's. I expected much more from Amazon due to their 'home run' with the kindle software. And like a fool, I bought 2 remotes.... SMDH....... I'm sorry, but THEY ARE JUST NOT READY!
This controller feels cheap & bulky.  It seems to have slop in the buttons & is way wider than it should be.I'd use an old xbox controller over this one.
The controller is just fine but is basically useless if the Amazon Fire TV would quit buffering all there apps.
Well made, but my unit has some serious lag between it and the Fire box!  will be sending unit back  (yes, I did swap put the batteries)  for what Amazon charges and the wait to get it.... I would expect a LOT more for the money and a unit that works properly!!!
Horrible D-pad.Overall it feels somewhat like an xbox controller, only bulkier to hold. Would have ben fine paying about $30 for it as it is wireless, but overall it feels like a $20 3rd party controller with mushy buttons and big dead zones.Probably could have given up 3 stars if it supported the voice search and could completely replace my remote.Very disappointed.
I am not a gamer but wanted to try my hand at some action. There doesn't seem to be much to get started with. Just options to purchase more games or capabilities within games.
EDIT: (4/17/14) I sent the controller back to Amazon today. Just too many issues, especially for the cost.ORIGINAL REVIEW:As an owner of an Xbox 360, Xbox One, PS3, PS4, Wii U and Ouya I feel I know a bit about how a game controller should work. Unfortunately, the Fire Game controller just doesn't compare, especially for the price. Amazon has a ton of resources and had years to work on this device, yet it doesn't show. This unit feels like an early prototype, similar to the Ouya controller. It's bulky, there's input lag on many of the games, thumbsticks appear to have dead zones (or are just unresponsive) and the d-pad is simply atrocious. These are all similar issues I had with the Ouya controller, but at least that unit came from a start-up company. What's Amazon's excuse? The Fire controller is almost as expensive as a PS4 or Xbox One controller, yet can't begin to compare in design or functionality. I would certainly advise shoppers to wait for a new version of the Fire controller to ship in the future or maybe look for third party alternatives.On a final note, I must reiterate how bad the d-pad is. Basically unusable in every game I played and useless for browsing menus. The d-pad itself gets one star and the rest of the controller barely deserves three stars.
Save your money and use another  controller the Xbox wired controller works well also the Xbox 360 wireless controller works with the 360 PC dongle.  I would say its worth 29 maybe and that's pushing it, also really not games.
The controller feels good in your hand, but the D-Pad is awful, and the analog sticks have too much deadzone, a calibration app would be great. For games that need the D-Pad, I use my Ouya controller.The D-pad has a long and clunky travel... the exact opposite of what a good D-Pad should be.
This controller is incredibly huge and bulky. My hands are not small and I find it very cumbersome to use.  I have PS3 controllers and they are light weight and very easy to use. I found it very difficult to play any game with this controller and the response with the Fire TV was very slow. May send it back.
I believe this product could work well, if we knew how to use it.  The tiny folded directions do not indicate usage with games.  When online with the Amazon games, we do not know where, how to use the controller.More help would be nice.
I am only writing this review based on the feedback from my children. They say it is cheap feeling compared to their other game controllers. The buttons are loose, not as responsive and accurate as what they are used to experiencing on our xbox. Because the controller is such a disappointment, they stopped playing games on the Amazon fire box and have reverted back to xbox. Seems like a fail to me.
Pros: It's a great dealCons: You are stuck with the absolute cheapest Kindle Fire HDX possible with no chance to upgrade.  Which gives me the feeling that either the Fire TV isn't selling too well, or everyone is jumping on the higher end 7&#34; Fire HDX or moving up to 8.9&#34;
I received an email on 5/31 for the sale price of $249 for this product. I really like the idea, but wanted time to think about the purchase and review my finances. I come back 6 days later to make the purchase and the price is hiked to $328. Yes, the original email said it was a limited time offer, but not how limited. I'm very disappointed and will not buy at the $328 price.
I've been suffering with an original Kindle Fire for all this time, it's always over-full, and there's no way I would purchase the &#34;smallest&#34; replacement Fire product.  Why wouldn't you let people spend a few extra bucks and still get a bundling discount?  'Cause we'll buy 'em separately at full price anyway?  'Wanna bet?
If you read, this Kindle is the one  &#34;with Special Offers&#34;  which means it's loaded with ADs and stuff that you cannot remove when it's on the lock screen.  NO THANKS.