After several weeks, I finally have this operational.  I have a 50&#34;HD TV with a Sony surround sound system.  The TV doesn't have any speakers so I had to get additonal cables and an adapter to make it all work.  Other then that it was easy to install :)
As general rule good.  Set up was easy. I really like that if you pause a movie it has a screen save that comes on.  The one thing I wish it had was HBO Go out of the box (hope an update loads it on there soon).  The voice search really does work.  Very interesting lash up with my Fire HDX (wish it could be made to be a remote screen for the Fire).  For me, worth the $100.
As I write this I have been round and round with tech support to discuss a no audio out issue with the unit. Works fine one day, not the next. I brought it in to work to return it and was told by tech support that I need to go through troubleshooting steps on the phone with them. Now I have to bring it home and call again. To do what I've probably done 2-3 times already.Again, nice unit - if yours works. Mine has issues and tech support/RMA process sucks. I expected better of Amazon.
Before I criticize it I'll preface this by saying it does work well and I'm glad I bought it however there are some obvious UI features missing that drive me crazy. 1. There needs to be an actual separate listing for prime content. I don't care if it's a main category or sub category but as it stands it's impossible to see a full listing of prime content. Considering I'm fairly confident 90% of the people who bought this bought it so they could easily watch prime content,  it's kind of ridiculous that there's no way to see all the prime content. That in and of itself is why I gave it three stars. 2. I need to be able to rearrange the tiles based on my preference instead of just in order of how I add content or the most recent thing I watched. I get that they want me to use the voice search and that's all fine and good until a person has more than ten things in thier watchlist. I don't have all 50 something movies and tv shows added to my watchlist memorized......so that makes for a lot of right clicking......which brings up the third point. 3. It's a minor gripe but once it reaches the end of a selection it should just automatically loop back to the beginning. I relaize I can just push the actual back button.......but this is such a obvious little feature that should be in place.
Can't search across content providers, which limits the value of the technology. Overall interface is glitzy, but low density -- not sure it's the best trade off. Like the overall speed of the device.
During the set up the remote had trouble staying paired to the Fire TV, so I had to watch the intro video twice.  Also, there is an intro video that you can't skip, which is pretty obnoxious.The user interface doesn't seem as intuitive as Roku's to me, however it is extremely responsive, which was a major issue with the Roku 1/2/Stick.It's currently missing a lot of the channels that Roku has, including HBO Go, which is very important to many people (myself included).For the price, I would suggest the Roku 3.  It's slightly cheaper and has a better channel selection, however it isn't as slick and smooth as the Fire's interface.
Easy setup, great user interfaces.Had sound issues, solved in-menu with the help desk and turning my tv off and on again!still cant play netflix.  netflix.com says &#34;we are having issues streaming with some devices&#34;  not a solution, and Amazon aslo does not know what the problem is..my review will go up to 5 stars when its fixed as Netflix is our main viewing, the HULU and Amazon prime.
First of all, Amazon Fire TV is a fantastic idea.  It is generally pretty easy to set up and use.  This review will be edited to five starts when we can access ALL of our Amazon content, including music.  My other strong suggestion is that Amazon allow for more individualized menus, similar to that of the Kindle Fire.
First opened the product, the unit looks very nice and feels very solid.  Remote looks very simple and easy to use (although that clicking sound annoys me a bit).  The power cord seems a little frail but I'm sure it'll be ok.  I connected the the Fire TV via HDMI and decided I would connect it wirelessly.  Big mistake.  I must have spent a couple of hours trying to get this thing to update multiple times only to tell me that internet connection is slow and that the update has stopped.  It instructed me to unplug and plug the power, but that didn't seem to resolve the issue.  Weirdest part is that the Fire TV is only 25-30 feet away from my wireless router and I have tons of devices at home that are using wireless and they don't have issues with connectivity performance.  After getting frustrated with the update process, I decided to just hook it up wired instead.  Voila!  The Fire TV looks great once it is up and running.  Menus are clear, voice recognition is great, navigation through the applications/movies/etc. are a breeze.  It seems laid out beautifully.  My only concern with the Fire TV is that it automatically recognized who I was.  It seems the device when connected to Amazon must be linked to my Amazon account.  I don't recall entering my Amazon credentials to the unit.  Luckily for me, the package was delivered to my address but if the product was delivered to someone else's address and it was opened, they can easily hook this up and use my account.  I'm a bit concerned about that.Other than the wireless issue, I think I am pretty happy with the Fire TV.  My only hope is that Amazon fix the wireless issue as I am not the only one reporting this.
Good, but it needs time, features and additional compatibility.  What is on it works well. Content is a bit limited, with some of the most desirable parts &#34;coming soon&#34; (MLB.tv, mobile app, etc). Successful media playback through Plex can be hit or miss...still trying to figure that one out; audio sometimes plays, sometimes doesn't.The addition of games is great, and has a lot of potential. Need more premium and Fire-TV-optimized content to really feel like a decent game console replacement. It will never be an Xbox or PS, but for the casual gamer it has great promise.The interface is speedy and never really hangs up.Voice search works well, but is useless until it can search across ALL services, not just Amazon content.
Have extra money around.  Buy it.  Replacement for Smart TV, not needed.  Lot more watching options and faster streaming a big plus.  Excellent with Prime Membership.  Drawback a lot of TV shows you have to pay for.
Have to enter Flixter login and password every time you exit and reenter to view movies which is a long slow process. That's the only negative I have.
I am not sure if spending 99 dollars and then still having to pay for movies, and old ones that have been out 20-30 years. the search feature is good, it does find your searches, but then you need to pay to see them, unless it's in prime .
I bought it because I didn't see the fine print about MLB.TV only &#34;coming soon&#34; and not already available. My kids and I enjoy the interface, but it'd be nice to--just once--find some free content on there. Every show is $2-3.If you're a movie watcher, it's great. If you think it's going to replace all the shows you watch on cable...that's still a long ways out IMO.
If you enjoy Amazon Instant Video and want a Roku-type device for your home. This is a great option. The major bummer that I found with the device is, unlike AppleTV, it requires you use a third party app to view your media server. Because of this, I did sell it off after a month of owning it.
I have a question for anyone who has used Fire TV. Is the show Homeland on Showtime available to watch free if you are a Prime customer?
I have been a mostly happy Roku user for 4+ years now. I started with the XDS model, which was their top of the line with dual band Wi-Fi, Ethernet, 1080p output, and optical audio output. Later, I added a Roku XD player in the basement, but that never got much use and it got sold. A few months ago, I &#34;upgraded&#34; to the Roku 3 because it promised improved performance. I liked the XDS, but frankly it was slow to navigate, the GUI was awkward, and it took a long time to spool video initially or if signal was dropped. Roku 3 improved the general GUI navigation speed and vastly improved the Wi-Fi connection issues. But they took away the optical audio output. Now, if you're one who has the latest receiver with HDMI inputs, this might not bother you too much. Me, it bothered, because my older discrete audio preamp/processor lacks HDMI inputs, and the only way to get digital audio for Dolby 5.1 into the prepro is via coax or optical audio outputs from the source.So when I first saw Amazon Fire TV, I thought it looked nice. But, other than the Roku 3's lack of audio output (it IS annoying that I cannot stream a 1080p movie with surround sound from this new &#34;top of the line&#34; product), and the fact that I keep losing video sync with the Roku 3 and have to pull the HDMI cable and sometimes the power cable to get everything to work again (yeah, 3 times in the past week). Well, I was happy-ish with the Roku 3 but was going to pass on Amazon Fire TV until the next gen, after all I just bought the Roku 3.WHAT? Kindle Fire TV has optical audio out? And better hardware specs? Yeah, I had to try it. There's always Ebay for the Roku 3, if the Fire TV is as good a performer on the A/V rack as it looks on paper ... or for the Fire TV if it just doesn't measure up.I'm sorry, I can't add any comparison to Apple TV. I have not used the Apple product. I think even without that comparison, this is still a decent evaluation of the Fire TV device.So let's have a go at it then, folks; here's what I have found after a weekend of extensive use of the new Kindle Fire TV. First, I'll give you pros and cons of Fire TV. Then some wins and losses for Roku 3 and for Fire TV. Last I provide a general summary.Fire TV PROS:Some great hardware specs: 2x the RAM of other leading players, dedicated Adrena 320 graphics processor, quad core main processor ... this box has the specs of a mid-high end smartphone. But specs are just numbers and words. Does Fire TV live up to the spec hype? Well, it's fast. Navigating the GUI is fast, bootup is about 30 seconds (and about 45 for Roku 3). It's not going to blow your mind, but it's not going to annoy you by making you wait too long for much of anything.Optical Audio Output: Even if you do not need or use this output, it's a definite plus for the box to have it. It's a selling point if, some day in the future, you decide to upgrade to the future next-gen Fire TV.Dolby Digital Plus: I can't personally take advantage of it, but it's always good to have a device with the latest audio and video standards. Dolby Digital Plus gives you that, with the ability to utilize 7.1-channel audio if you have 7.1 speakers hanging around your place.Voice search: If you have ever had to input a title via a 4-way navigator and pecking out each letter, you will quickly understand the Power and Magic of being able to speak the title you want to search for. And how does it work? Well, frankly, it actually took me about 5 minutes to get it to work. At first I pushed the button and let go. Fail. Then I noticed it said to push the button and hold it down and speak. I pushed it and held it down for 2 seconds and let go and spoke. Fail. Then I finally got it. I have to hold it down THE WHOLE TIME while I'm speaking. It will then think about my words for a moment, then display them. But does it search then? Oh, no, it does not. Then I have to click &#34;OK&#34; which isn't really labelled, it's in the middle of the navigation circle. (So 1940s. So counter-intuitive.) THEN it will search. Win on Voice search; lose on awkward implementation.Worked without a hiccup: It does work without any glitches that I experienced. No dropped HDMI sync. No lost WiFi. Just viewing happiness. Any product should work, so that's not a Fire TV win per se ... it's a win over Roku 3 though, which for me, often loses HDMI sync.CONS:Where's my water ... er ... apps?: Well, don't expect to be able to connect to the Play store and start loading up your Fire TV with all your favorite Android games and apps. In fact, don't expect to load the games and apps you've already bought from Amazon App Store. For me, though I've bought (or scored for free) dozens of games and apps from Amazon, only 2 lonely games out of the lot showed up on my Fire. TV. Now, it's possible that your Kindle Fire apps will all show up; can't confirm that for you since I have a Nexus 7 not a Kindle Fire. I think it kind of sucks that my games don't show up on the Fire TV, and hopefully enough users will complain about this to get Amazon to make them available to us. And how about all my audio stored in Amazon's Cloud? ... my MP3's and CD/digital content? Sure would be nice to be able to stream that to my hifi system.Apps (think Channels) availability: This is clearly the biggest weakness of the Fire TV product. It becomes readily apparent that there is merely a fraction of the number of channels available on Roku. The major ones are mostly there, but to me, the attraction of a product like Roku is that it makes enough content available to make cutting the cord a clear possibility. With Roku, it is. With Fire TV, well, I suppose it could be, if you want to pay for everything you watch - even items that may be free elsewhere. Make no mistake. Fire TV is about selling you content from Amazon, just as Kindle Fire and Kindle are about selling you content on those devices. There are a few, but not many free apps, and currently some major channels like HBO Go are missing. I don't think it is useful to list all the differences, as within a few weeks, information like this will be outdated. Both products will add, and occasionally lose channels. Let it suffice to say, a LOT of Roku channels are not available on Kindle. (It kind of reminds me of Apple's foray into online environments many years ago. Eworld. Anyone else remember that? It was like wandering around in a vast, empty hall, or like on Nostromo, where no one could hear you scream. But I digress.) It's not just that channels available on Roku aren't here, it's just that there aren't that many channels AT ALL here. Amazon says 100+ games are now available with thousands coming. Darned if I can find 100 games. And we'll see how the thousands coming thing goes. You don't get a &#34;plus&#34; for vapor, and you don't get one for &#34;we make you pay for everything, even what's free on Google Play.&#34;Some so-so hardware specs: WiFi doesn't include 802.11ac. With the other higher-end specs in the hardware design, not including 802.11ac is a bit of a surprise. My router is 802.11n, but I'm sure some of you would like to see 802.11ac in this product. USB is version 2.0. Come on Amazon, USB 3.0 has been out for a couple of years now.No headphone jack on the remote: If you don't have one now, you might not realize how handy that can be. Partner wants to snooze? No problem. Plug your favorite buds into the remote and go into silent mode. And not have to read lips.Push, push, push the Amazon content: Not &#34;push&#34; as in send downstream. Push as in ram their paid content down your throat. At every turn in the GUI, you are prompted and suggested to buy something from Amazon. Give it a rest. It's just annoying. That doesn't happen with Roku ... yeah there is paid content, but it's not crammed down your throat. Also see below under Confusing GUI for how paid Amazon content is pushed when the same thing is available on a different non-Amazon channel (that you've likely already paid for).Confusing GUI: The User Interface is a bit confusing. I was talking earlier about channel availability. Actually you don't have channels on Fire TV (forget everything you've ever known about using tv for the past 70 years and do things OUR way!). Now your channels are apps. And so are your games. And TV shows and movies aren't apps, they're in their own categories. I think these must be Amazon-revenued movies and TV, as opposed to the ones you can watch on Netflix or Hulu Plus. Like TV series ... search for &#34;Orange is the New Black&#34; and your search result only brings you Amazon's paid offering, not the Netflix one (even if you're subscribed to Netflix). Also, under the Home menu, there are also selections for movies, TV, games, etc. Very similar selections are at the top menu level (same as Home). Why the same thing in different places? Crap, don't make me work this hard for entertainment. I work hard enough at work. Entertainment is supposed to be fun, not puzzling, repetitive, and illogical. It's like a GUI that they let Marketing design, not engineers. Engineers give us logic. Marketing gives us multiple ways to buy stuff.Fire TV Wins:Hardware Specs: A class above the others. The entrails of a medium to high range smartphone. Not all that it could be, but heads above the others. It makes navigating the GUI VERY fast.Optional gaming controller: If those games turn out to be worthwhile, having a real game controller to interface with them is a nice advantage. While the Roku 3 features a motion-sensitive remote, it does not have the familiar controller layout. (Well, if you turn it on its side, it does kind of resemble the old Nintendo Wii controller a little ... but not a full-fledged gaming controller, nope.) Still, for an &#34;optional&#34; controller, it becomes readily apparent that many of the games require it.Pretty screensavers: Amazon loads up some lovely photos for your screensaver. Which is the least important place to score a win over the competition.ROKU Wins:Better remote options (plural): Headphone jack. Motion sensitive remote. True, I can't talk to it, but I can still talk to the cats. And I can install a Roku remote app on my phone or tablet and easily type in the item I'm searching for. While Fire TV remote is slimmer and has that nice Nexus 5-like grippy rubber feel, and fewer buttons, it feels like there are too few buttons, and the other cool stuff isn't there.Content. As in, more channels: In essentially every area other than games, Roku spanks the Fire TV currently on channel availability. Roku content is richer, deeper, and far, far more varied. The difference is significant, make no mistake.Search across multiple channels: A top-level search box lets you enter the name of a program or movie you want to watch, and the Roku returns a list of channels providing the content. Sweet. You can pick the lower cost alternative ... you can actually SEE lower cost alternatives.The channels are built in: With Roku, all the channels are there in the Channel Store. Just click and it's added. All the channels are stored in the software. With Fire TV, you have to download the ones you want. And watch that 5 GB melt, melt away like cellulite on a late night commercial.Arranging the channels. I don't want them to appear in the order I added them, nor even by how often I use them. I want to decide which ones I see first. I want an area where I control what I see, my personal channel area. (Elsewhere, I have to live with the ones Amazon is pushing me to buy appearing first, in the middle, and when you're not paying attention, oopsie, there too! It's everywhere, that paid content!)Ties with Fire TV and Roku 3:Both Roku 3 and Fire TV have Ethernet, both have dual band WiFi, both have Ethernet ports. Both have 1080p and HDMI-only output. BOTH boxes let you throw content to them in various manners.Video start: Amazon says it's immediate. I found the wait time to be about 3-5 seconds. Roku vastly improved their &#34;spool&#34; time (i.e., they decreased the wait) with their latest generation, I generally only wait about 4 seconds or so for the show to start. Not game changing. Pretty much the same as the competition there.Conclusion:Fire TV is not a Roku killer, nor even a GAME CHANGER!!!!!!! It is a good product with some clear weaknesses and a few hits. Its wins include very good hardware specs and performance to match, good audio support, voice search (that needs some refinement in implementation), the intended functionality to be both a media player and game machine, and a competitive price with other top of line media devices. Fire TV's weaknesses include much less content than Roku, especially free content; lack of transportability for your purchased Android apps (from the Amazon app store); no access to your Amazon Cloud audio content; a confusing GUI design; weak, barebones remote; and a none-too-subtle tendency to cram Amazon content down your data pipe in every possible way.Is Fire TV worth buying? Bottom line. Not unless you have a very specific need for some unique feature or option (for me, it was the optical audio output). Otherwise, these boxes are all about the content. Where the content is clearly thinner and weaker, what is the advantage? Now, perhaps in 3 -6 months, Amazon will provide more channels. Perhaps they never will, just more games to sell you. Maybe they are making it look like they are competing with Roku and Apple TV, but are really just getting the box placed wherever they can by dangling shiny specs before your eyes, but with no plan to ever truly make the device equal to the very capable Roku product. I don't know. I think that's a clear possibility though.So is my Roku 3 going on Ebay? Fortunately, I have extra HDMI ports on the TV. No, I'm not selling the Roku yet. I would miss all those channels that Roku has that Fire TV does not. So I'll live with 2 boxes for the time being. Maybe Fire TV will acquire more free fun channels. Or maybe I'll find that I just don't care about that optical audio output enough to keep the Fire TV. Time alone will tell.
I just connected the Fire TV unit a few hours ago.  I think I'm going to like it.  I would have rated it 6 stars and a supernova if it could buffer or stream content to a USB hard drive.  I live in the wilderness overlooking a national park so my internet connection does not approach warp speed.  It regularly tests out between 1.6 and 1.8 Mbps.  I've only tried to watch one episode of Star Trek, and it stopped every few minutes to buffer, while my previous streaming device (Panasonic Blu-Ray player) would play the same content from Amazon Prime without interruption...same wired hookup.  In a perfect universe, anything added to my Watch List would automatically load via the USB port onto an external hard drive so that it could be watched without interruption...allowing the Fire TV to become a Fire DVR.  Pausing the show does not help much because the video does not buffer significantly...definitely not like content from YouTube or Vimeo does on a computer.One note:  an hour after I turned the TV off, the Fire TV still seemed to be pulling significant bandwidth.  I went back in and disabled the screensaver, which seemed to cure the problem.  Maybe it was downloading an update.Please Jeff, issue a firmware update that will make it possible to add Watch List programs to an external drive for those of us who can't stream HD.  I would much rather wait an hour or two for a program to load than be interrupted every few minutes by the little spinning circle.  Even increasing the available memory for buffering would help considerably for those of us who boldly live where no one has connected before.
I like Amazon Fire TV a lot, but I can't yet give it a five-star rating since MLB.TV isn't yet available. I got Fire TV in order to ditch cable, but I need the ability to watch baseball to do so.
I like it. The kids love it. I give it a 4 because I personally haven't used it that much yet after 1 month, and I think Amazon will definitely add more features. Then it will be a 5.Update 6/6/2014:After using this for a month, I'm disappointed in how the Prime offerings seem to work. For example, my wife was excited to find the Mystery Science Theater 3000 series available for viewing with our Prime membership. After she watched half a dozen or so episodes, ALL episodes are now pay to view. Not really surprising. For a while I've noticed amazon jacks the price on stuff I want to purchase when shopping on their site if I view it enough times before deciding to purchase. Hoping that the stuff available to prime customers is cyclic so the previously free MST3K movies will be free again sometime. Otherwise I'm sure my wife will insist on me purchasing some of them which is, I'm sure, part of Amazons game plan. As a stock holder, it makes sense business wise, from a customer perspective, it stinks.
I like that I now have access to sooo many tv shows and movies. But the parental controls are lacking there aren't any gradations. It's either you have it or you don't and I don't like that.  I would love to be able to set it for non-prime shows or rated R programs so that my kids cannot make unauthorized purchases or watch in-appropriate shows.Also I feel like more categorization is needed of their programming. Like Comedy, Horror, Drama etc. and also a Prime Only area where nothing has to be bought.
I like the device but concerned about the &#34;apps&#34; that are available. As a HD Homerun owner I found out that I can't install an Android App that runs on my phone and tablet! Rather disappointing.I also dislike the tight level of control they exert over what apps I can put on the device. The search also doesn't go against all possible places, like Netflix and Hulu. This too is disappointing.
I like the Fire, but it needs more development . The user interface could be improved. Not a bad start though.
I like the Fire, my wife isn't quite as enthusiastic.It is sometimes difficult to find a show to watch, it is very slick if you know exactly what you are looking for, not so much if you are just browsing.The television ads are EXTREMELY misleading - I am a prime member (have been for years) and my wife saw the ad that talked about all the movies/shows that are available for prime members - the inaccurate implication being that they are included with your prime membership - NOT true.A SMALL subset of the movies/shows are included/free with your annual membership, the vast majority are rather high cost rentals.  Sad to say, if you are interested in watching a couple of movies per month, there is a very good chance that a Netflix subscription is going to be a better deal.
I'm a tech nerd, and set up of this was simple. Watched a movie (Usual Suspects) to see how it worked, and did not get it in 5.1 Dolby Surround. Best I could get was Pro Logic, even though the movie streams in HD. Yes, I used HDMI, so that's not the issue. Anyway, didn't think I would have to start figuring this out so soon.
I purchased Fire TV because I really enjoy Amazon Instant Video and would prefer not to mirror from my iPad via Apple TV because then I can't use my iPad at the same time. Fire TV allows me watch and play. HOWEVER I cannot see HBO GO because it is not available.  Nor can I see Showtime because, while my cable provider allows me to watch content on my iPad, yet it does not allow me to see it on Fire TV.  WHY NOT???  Apple TV allows me to stream Amazon, watch HBO GO from an onscreen app AND stream Showtime from my iPad.  Voice  search is nice, gaming would be nice if I did that, but I don't.  It is easy to access without having to use an Input button to switch to fire from cable or DVD, but you cannot switch back without using the input button.Maybe the planned update will address all of this, but why release when the product is not quite ready?  If not, I'll give it  to my mom for Mother's Day and get another Apple TV for me.
I purchased the Amazon Fire TV for my wife as a Mother's Day gift. Overall we both really like and enjoy it, but there are a few things we really would like to see in the future hopefully. I think they would help round the box out and make it more user friendly to everyone interested.First the pros:-The box seems pretty zippy and responsive. I can't compare to Apple TV or Roku because I have never used them, but it seems to flow through everything quickly and easily.-The voice searching works great. I love using this...it beats spending 5 minutes typing out a movie or show name.-It looks great. I like the sleek, clean, black look of it. The weight of it also feels good...its feels like a quality part.-Decent selection of apps for our personal taste. We mainly watch shows and movies, so between Prime, Netflix, and Crackle, I think we will be pretty well covered.Cons:-Searching can be frustrating and cumbersome. I understand that since this IS an Amazon unit, it is going to have some bias towards Amazon, but this can make things pretty annoying. Let me elaborate. If I were to search Amazon for the movie &#34;The Hangover&#34; it will come up with no issue. However, &#34;The Hangover&#34; is not available free from prime.There is an option that states &#34;More ways to watch.&#34; If you click on this you will have the options to buy or rent the movie. But, what if &#34;The Hangover&#34; is available on Netflix? You won't know UNLESS you go look at Netflix. I think Amazon makes this difficult for you, because you won't feel like searching Netflix and will just buy or rent it through Amazon. This would be a much better unit if when searched, it was cross referenced with ALL subscribed apps to find all viewing options...rather than guiding you into a direction to buy strictly from Amazon. I want to spend more time streaming and less time searching.-No capabilites for searching only Prime. Again with searching...we bought an AMAZON box and are paying for AMAZON prime...however from what I can see, there is no way to browse ONLY free Prime shows and movies. You can search all movies and shows of AMAZON, but not all of them are prime...this means more options are coming up for renting or buying. Please consider configuring an area on the unit that is stricly Prime to make searching more user friendly.So far those are the two major downfalls I have come across that frustrate me. When I turn the Fire TV on, I want to be quick and to the point. I bought the unit to help me stream the FREE media that Amazon provides to me with Prime...but I feel like they are pushing more to try and get you to pay for shows and movies. Must be some sort of marketing scheme. Hopefully they hop on board with making things more USER (aka customer) FRIENDLY, and not so much Amazon Profits...ha
I purchased the Fire TV for three reasons:1.  It can run plex2.  To try and roll up other streaming services (Netflix, Amazon Prime, etc) in one device.3.  Very nice hardware specifications compared to other streaming devices.While the hardware itself has turned out to very nice and high quality, unfortunately the Fire TV needs a lot of work on the software side.Plex:I'm coming to Plex on the Fire TV after running Plex on a dedicated HTPC.  Plex on the Fire TV is somewhat comparable, but it relies on the codecs that the Fire TV natively supports to play media.  Unfortunately, the Fire TV doesn't play nearly has many formats as Plex on an HTPC is, so in many cases, audio and video has to be transcoded by the Plex server to be displayed on the Fire TV, which can introduce problems.Other streaming services:Netflix, while functional on the Fire TV is old and not the &#34;normal&#34; Netflix experience that is widely available elsewhere.  While the Fire TV offers easy access to Amazon Prime streaming services, all the Amazon video content is jammed together in most situations, and just browsing through Prime streaming content is more difficult than on say, the Xbox 360.  Supposedly this is being worked on, but the date to fix that has come and gone, so I don't have a ton of faith in Amazon keeping this device up to date.I really wanted to love the Fire TV, but I suspect it's going to get returned, and I'll go back to an Xbox 360 for streaming services, and an HTPC for Plex. :(
I really like it and it's a great and fast device.One thing only must be fixed which is the ability to play media from usb sticks or usb disks. I have many big usb disks and when I connect them to ftv nothing is happening.
I really wanted to love this product because I'm an Amazon fan girl. However, I was left a little disappointed.The good:It's a great streaming machine to watch your Netflix, Hulu, and other subscriptions.The Bad:I have been using my PS3, so I already had that capability. Nothing new here, so if you are streaming from something already, I don't recommend wasting your money just yet.the good:Prime members get free movies and TV showsThe bad:The content available is low-quality and not even worth watching most of the time. They also try to hook you by giving you 1 season for free and then have to pay for the second.
I think I will like it when I get use to it and can operate it to it's capacity. Maybe I can get rid of the some of the unwatched channels on my TV.
It's pretty obvious that this thing is geared toward people who have high speed cable internet.  I live in a rural area that does knot have kable available.  I have a lot of movies and music on hard drives, but I do knot see anywhere in the description if one could play these via the USB port on this device, or for what else the USB port might be useful.  Sure wish they woul have put that in the description.
It works great with my Amazon Prime, but not so well with Netflix. I have been unable to watch a movie without constant interruptions and finally getting the following message. &#34; We are having trouble playing this title right now. Please try again later, or try another title&#34;. Switching over to Netflix on my computer, it continues to stream without interruption. Obviously, it has some issues to be corrected.
I've had almost every generation of Roku that is out there, currently owning a Roku 3 and a Roku 2 XS in addition to my Fire TV.  The main complain I've had about my Roku's is the slow user interface, which the Roku 3 has gone a long way to solve.  Being a big Kindle and Kindle Fire fan I was pretty hyped about getting the Fire TV and got one day one.  It's been a few weeks now and I've gone back and forth from the Fire  TV to the Roku, mainly watching streaming TV, and I have to say I'm more prone to use my Roku than the Fire TV.  While the Fire TV is fast, very fast, it still has some growing to do.  Was hoping to see some rapid software upgrades, but if they've come, I haven't noticed them.  Most things work pretty well, but the interface is just a bit klunkier and I get random long (as in minute+) pauses at random when it transits from doing things like initially streaming something, or going to a commercial on Hulu+.The Fire TV definitely works much better on Amazon stuff, like Amazon Prime.  But with other services, esp. Hulu, it doesn't seem as nice.  Whereas Hulu has a rich interface that will tell me exactly where I can watch something and for how much, even if I don't subscribe, finding things on the FireTV is definitely geared only towards Amazon Prime.  For instance, want to find where you can watch an old TV show or movie?  On the Roku main menu you go to &#34;Search&#34; and put in what you want.  While your &#34;typing&#34; it in, its showing off to the right all the matches so far.  Once you see what you want over there just use the controller to select it and off to the right it will tell you where to find it, such as Amazon Prime, Hulu, Netflix, Vudu or whatever.  Roku also lists the price there, so you can choose the best alternative for you.I'd also have to use the &#34;Dad&#34; test on it.  My Dad took right to the Roku UI, and while the Fire TV is somewhat close, I still think he would get a bit lost in it.This device is nice, its definitely FAST, but it definitely needs a few revisions of software being done.  I also think it really needs to be vendor agnostic and promote EVERY channel like Roku does, not just Amazon branded ones.  Roku definitely has some competition on their hands with this though.Now to gaming.  I've not been impressed with the few games I've tried on the Roku, and I'd have to say the same with what I've tried so far on the FireTV too, but I haven't tried many.  One in particular, &#34;Minion Rush&#34; is pretty downright horrid, it really needs a tilt screen and the accommodations they made to make it run on the FireTV are inexcusable in terms of how it plays.  I'm all for more of my devices playing more of my games, but only when they do it well and this one was bad...  Have yet to hook up the controller and play other games more suited to it.  Will try and update review then.
I've had the Fire TV for just over a week now. I bought it to replace an old Roku unit that failed. And all I can say is that the Fire TV  is ok. I haven't seen any benefits from the higher performance processor and more memory as compared to the Roku 3. I have both. My experience is that the Fire TV doesn't load any faster than Roku or stop to buffer data any less. And I have a 26Mbs broadband connection.  The picture and sound are great, but not any better than Roku. The unit feels very solid, more so than Roku. Since I am a Prime subscriber the unit came preprogrammed for my account, so it was very easy to get going. Just plug it in and go.I find the menu system rather confusing. The Roku menu system is much more logical and intuitive to me. On Roku, all the application tiles stay in the same place. On the Fire, the tiles move as you watch stuff. So, let's say you start with the NetFilx tile as first, then go and watch 3-different TV programs. When you come back to the Home menu, the Netflix tile is now listed in the 4th position with your 3-TV programs listed first. What the???  Why are video tiles mixed with application tiles? Makes no sense to me.And try finding Prime videos. They're buried in the menu system and you have to pay attention when you select a video because it's not easy to determine if it's Prime or not. I've even found videos that say they are Prime, but when you select them there is a price for watching. I find it very confusing.I'm considering returning the unit and getting another Roku.
I went to Best Buy and spent a good bit of time playing with the demo, and also asking the very cute (female) Amazon rep many questions.  In general, it's a good start for this device, but Amazon has several improvements to make.1.  The main thing is the voice feature, which is supposedly a main hallmark.  Problem is it will only work with Amazon content, and maybe Hulu Plus.  I said &#34;Gary Busey&#34;, and several of his movies popped up, then there was this option to see content from other sources, but only Hulu Plus showed up.  The rep explained that Amazon will need to work with other providers (Netflix, Crackle) and I guess get permission for the voice to work with their &#34;apps&#34;.  This is a definite turn off.  Now whether the rep was correct or not, I don't know, but she said she was hired by Amazon to demonstrate the Fire and other devices.2.  The interface is fine, but it's nothing to write home about.  The unit defaults to Amazon content and you have to go to &#34;Apps&#34; to see other providers, which that's not the end of the world, but again, it shows it's biased to Amazon.  If you don't have Amazon Prime, well, you have to go to the apps section.3.  I tried the Crackle app, and found that I prefer the Roku interface much more.  Also found out that the Amazon remote's &#34;return&#34; or &#34;back&#34; button doesn't work with Crackle, so if you're previewing a movie and want to go back one step, it won't do it.4.  As far as aesthetics, the box, well... is a box.  The remote was good size, felt good in the hand, and is aesthetically pleasing.So really, if you buy this device, you need to have Prime.  If I decide to get Prime (for entertainment and shipping), I will most likely buy the Fire, but for now, I'll wait to see if the voice feature is expanded.  After playing with the device for a good while, my final verdict was &#34;Hmmm, I'll think about it&#34;.
Just spent the last five hours trying to get my new Fire TV and Bose speaker system to play nice. They don't. Can get visuals, but audio is not compatible. My next step it to try and Optical Audio cord (????) - got that info from an Amazon tech rep and he was great. So was the Bose tech rep. who ended up saying that the Fire TV was too new for them to have any troubleshooting info. Both reps were polite, funny, nice and I kept 'em on the phone for like an hour each.Anyway, buyer beware...
Most of the movies that I want to watch are not available. Sound and picture quality are good for the most part. I would love it if more movies and TV shows are added. I know that this is a new concept and more time is needed for improvement. So far better than some of the competitors.
not as good as i thought it woud be, some times hard to navigate thru the screen on and off kind of hard to do
not enough prime movies and TV shows. I can pay for movies and TV shows on any other streaming device.
Not sure yet on this thing.  If you have a smart TV and Prime, it doesn't seem to offermuch more... will give it some time to get more stuff on it, then see if I really like it or not
Not very impressed with it though.  When I stream Netflix, the picture locks up and the audio keeps playing. Eventually the picture unfreezes, but it is very annoying as it happens frequently.  I should have bought another ROKU.
Overall Fire tv does pretty well. It serves the purpose that it was made for. However it does not mirror on my Samsung tv through my kindle fire HDX. I have to power off the amazon fire tv first to get it to mirror. Their support tried helping but to no avail. I exchanged the fire tv and the new one does the same thing. For this reason I'm disappointed in the product.
Rated thusly because it is advertised as thousands of pictures at disposal.  True, but many, and usually the ones most desired, are available at a cost from a few dollars to twenty.  Glad to have it, but disappointed as well.
Responsiveness: I'm speaking of navigation responsiveness. It's marginally better than Roku 3. I attribute this to the extra memory and processing power of the Fire.Apps: Currently, the app community is fledgling.  There's only a handful of apps including a few games, a few streaming services (like Netflix and Hulu).Interface: If you stream a lot from Amazon, like me, the interface will grow on you.  The voice recognition helps when searching the Amazon database but it won't help you with Netflix or other streaming services - at least not that I have discovered.  For other services, like Netflix, the Fire's interface treats them like lower cast citizens.  They're apps in the traditional sense - like watching Netflix on your iPad.  The interface is designed to be an interface to Amazon's streaming service.  Everything else is just an app.For this, I like Roku's agnostic interface a little better.Streaming.  I got the Fire because I was hoping the HD streaming from Amazon would be better.  I no longer get drops in HD, but I get a lot of pauses, hops back, and screens of static.  In general, I would say the streaming (perhaps due to better buffering) is a bit better on the Fire than it is on Roku3 - I'm not sure it's enough to warrant dropping $100 on the Fire.Remote: The remote is fairly simple to operate.  It has a built in microphone for the voice recognition, aside from that, it's a pretty basic, clean remote that reminds me of the Roku3's remote.  Having said that, I really miss the Roku3's remote headphone jack.  At first I didn't think I would use the headphone jack but when the wife is asleep or when I want to watch TV without competing with other things going on, it was really nice to use the Roku3's headphone jack.  The ear buds work really well too.  So, for this, I have to say the Roku3's remote is better. I haven't found too many reasons to use the Fire's voice recognition because I'm not always on Amazon. I like Netflix and for that, the voice recognition of Fire is only marginally useful.In summary, (for me!) I found the headphone jack of Roku3 a feature that I value much more than I anticipated.  For this reason,  I may end up going back Roku3.  If you haven't used the Roku3 and you do a lot of streaming from Amazon, then I think this is a good streamer to get and I would recommend it. You may also have a good alternative to the headphone jack feature that Roku3 provides.  The extra horsepower of the Fire is nice but the benefits, so far, seem marginal.
Still figuring out HOW TO sort filter for FREE PRIME content! $99 box + $99 Prime membership but search ( voice commands cool) for&#34;how I met your mother&#34; and there is a per episode charge???  I can watch reruns ON-DEMAND on VERIZON FIOS for FREE!???  My KINDLE FIRE shows Prime content so I'll keep trying.Still playing with my new toy. Maybe I missed a settings.....voice controls r cool!
Super easy to use and operate! I want to give 5 stars but I continue to have two major issues.  One (the biggest) netflix won't play the selected item. It connects and processes fine for about 3 seconds - then an error appears to try again later; pick a different show. Two - SOUND! The sound blanks out in every show regardless of source, every 5 seconds (I timed it). UGH!  I looked for an update and couldn't find anything. I thought this problem had been fixed.  Does anyone have any ideas?
Super fast but lacks a good interactive format and access to the extensive sites offered by Roku.  I am hoping upgrades will follow and make the interface easier to use.
The ad's look cool, and it does work more or less as advertised, although a little slower than advertised, but here's the real rub. Mainly it's a sales gimmick, when you access your kindle movie library you get movies and TV shows thrown in that you don't own. You cannot access your own apps and games, you cannot access your own music etc. It is a neat idea and with some work would be a really cool product but, right now it is basically a sales gimmick. The voice command feature is neat but not always helpful. I would still Recommend this product but with the hope that in the future it will be more for the customer and less for pushing items and sale.
The Amazon Fire TV was very good and for the most part it delivered what it said it would stream to my tv. I did not enjoy it as much as I might have because I was looking for access to the broadcast channels....2,4,6, etc. and I never found them in any of the apps that I looked at. A sales rep (never should have trusted a sales rep) told me that I would receive the broadcast channels. All in all though Amazon Fire delivered what the advertisements said it would, just not what a sales rep said it would.
The espn app was a major reason I got this.  I have apple tv in the living room and now the fire tv in bedroom.  The quality on the espn app is perfect on the appletv, but very poor on the firetv.  I hope this is something they can change through an update, but will have to wait for that.  Everything else with the fire tv is awesome, video quality on everything else is great and the games are fun too, search feature works great.  The only other thing that could be improved is more customization on the layout of the home screen.  I like the apple tv and roku layouts much better.  If I had to do it over I would just by another apple tv and play video games on something else.
The functionality is amazing and worth every penny!However, we use it a lot less than we thought because we watch Netflix as much or more than Amazon movies and this does not even search and display these titles (it should be able to search all third party content it's signed into).  Secondly, it's almost under-handed how they try to mix the paid and Prime content together in a way that is very hard to distinguish.  Prime should be displayed totally separately of have &#34;Prime&#34; stamped on it prominently.If these two problems were corrected then I would give it 5 stars easy and consider it up there with smart phone levels of paradigm breaking....
The last thing I want to do is pay $100 for a device, and then have to pay more for content. That is exactly the situation with AFTV. There is Hulu Plus for current TV shows, and Netflix for current films. Both require paid subscriptions. There is a lot of free content on the web, but AFTV doesn't provide access to it (not even Hulu &#34;minus&#34;). My kids seem to like the (limited) free games. It will be used primarily for that purpose, and the occasional &#34;free&#34; Amazon Prime movie. It will not inspire me to unplug my Directv.
There are still some bugs.  The sound does not come on every time.  I have to unplus Fire Tv and replug it in.  You really need to be an Amazon Prime customer to get full benefit of FireTV or not worth it.  On sound, I called tech support and they could not help me.  Told me maybe a fix will come from Amazon but was not sure.  Told me maybe try another tv set (yeah, right - that's easy to replace).  Also, when I put on Pandora the screen saver setting plays through once then the screen goes black.  It should just keep repeating and there are no additional picture libraries.  I like to have music playing in the house all day while I work from home and I thought that would be nice to have with accompanying screen saver but it goes black so I just play off laptop and bluetooth audio system with pandora.  I am still considering returning although I am past 60 days now and not sure Amazon will take back.  I dropped NetFlix and still use RedBox plus my ATT UVerse & HBO subscription mostly.
The  voice  part  did not work good  and  it would not  pick up closed caption as was promised  but  it  worked  great  .
The voice search feature is excellent, really works well, however, it only works on the Amazon Prime content. It's not yet supported by other apps such as Netflix. The other gripe is that it doesn't currently play music from Amazon's Cloud Player, which puts it well behind Apple which integrates the music player very well. As to content, Prime is very limited, most of the stuff is very old or not free. Which means you'll want to be using Netflix, but as stated above, it's not as smooth to use with voice search, and there's no remote phone app to help as with Apple TV. It's a good start, a little like the Kindle Fire in its initial version, with some nice features, but it needs several more iterations before it will really be worth it.
The voice search feature is nice.  However, it only allows you to stream hulu if you have a paid subscription to it.  I can stream hulu from my computer and use my tv as a second screen.  Why doesnt this allow you to do that?  A lot of the features are cool, but not executed as well as they could be.  The unit is small and easy to install which is a plus.  It hasnt frozen while streaming yet and the image quality and speed is far superior to netflix.  Netflix froze all the time in my house for the short period when we had it.  I was never able to watch anything without that happening.  The amazon prime library is getting a lot better and there are a lot of good options to watch for free.  However, this has a long way to go before it is a viable replacement to cable/FIOS/Direct TV.
The voice search really should search within all the apps that are offered. It only searches though the amazon catalog.
This purchase is for my grandchildren & husband, as far as I can tell they like it so that makes me happy.
This thing is amazing. its like a collectors edition cd case. its silent and hardly noticeable. voice search even works with my accent.The menu is slicker than a greasy snake on speed in a chicken house. I mean its almost comical how nicely the menu, a cornucopia of images and section tiles, runs.The issue is thus : Netflix and hulu and essentially every other service built into it wont work here. netflix will let me watch any trailer, flawlessly, quickly and in hd. it will also let me play any movie for 3 seconds. Apparently i can bypass this with a vpn, but i have a fritzbox so am stuck.It would be nice if it had the ability to pair with any old 360/ps3 controllers. Apparently you can with the windows version that has the usb dongle.
Tool does not perform as expected.  After ordering the tool had to wait a long time for delivery.Tool was sent registered mail from China.  It required a trip to the post office to sign for it.
Typical android based apps not responding and just closes.  Please add a restart command feature on the next update.  I have to physically go to the unit and unplug and plug the power cord and it needs to be restarted and I have to do this a few times a day.
Unless you've got a Kindle Fire, it's just not worth the extra money above what a Roku costs.  Not enough video apps.
We had a Chromecast and liked it EXCEPT for the poor connectivity with our WiFi system and clumsy controls So, we grabbed the Amazon Fire when it hit the market. The good news is that it has much better connectivity and the system is super easy to use. The speech recognition is pretty cool if you are in a quiet room. It has all the movies we could want and you can use HULU and REDBOX if you need MORE movies.Where the Fire falls short compared to the Chromecast is in streaming ANY website... We like CBS, NBC and the odd cooking site but we can't stream The Blacklist, Elementary, or Person of Interest or some other shows that aren't on the Amazon site.Friends have Apple TV and ROKU. priced about the same as Fire but not nearly as cool as AMAZON PRIME.We sure wish we had a web browser option.So, Overall, We like it...
We live out in the country and thought the continual freezing was because of our internet connection.  But then we hooked our laptop up directly to our TV and the netflix and huluplus freezing/reloading problems stopped.  We re-hooked up Amazon Fire and again experienced freezing problems.  Shows had to reload every few minutes which is extremely frustrating!  We decided to return it.  I think it will be a great product when they get the glitches out.
When I first saw the Amazon Fire TV advertised, I was incredibly excited. I had been looking for a solution to my Sonos sound bar/ projector home theater system. The Fire TV comes with an optical audio out which plugs directly into the Sonos bar and what I was most excited about was the USB drive.....Turns out the USB drive doesn't actually work. So I cant plug it into the box and stream anything off of it, its essentially a useless port. Had I known that I probably would've stuck with the WD TV box that I was using despite its horrible operating system.Im still holding out hope that amazon will push an update to the box that allows the USB drive to be used like the Roku 3, I personally recommend the Roku 3 to anyone who is considering buying this box, keep in mind that the Roku 3 doesn't have an optical audio out port.
While I am always a fan of Amazon, the Fire TV is not quite where it needs to be yet. Of course it is just getting started, but it is seriously lacking on the applications available. Also, the voice search only works to search on IMDB so if you don't have Amazon Prime or Hulu it's not very beneficial. I bought my parents a Roku about two years ago, and they have really enjoyed it. At this rate I'm not really sure there could ever be much a difference between the two if you are just using it to watch movies, tv and listen to music. I am not much of a gamer so I haven't purchased the game controller yet, so I'm sure if you are a gamer it may alter how you feel about it. I went ahead and purchased it, because I'm sure down the road the price will increase.
Wish this thing came with instructions on how to use it!  We bought it so we could watch movies at home at no charge.....good idea maybe but seems most movies are not free at all !  Netflix is much easier to navigate around on their site and I confess to watching it more than fuss with Amazon Fire,
Worked flawlessly out of the box while setting it up.  The one big issue I have is that some times while watching shows on Hulu the show pauses and then you hear sound but the picture is frozen.  You have to go out and come back and resume your show.  My internet connection is FIOS 50 MBPs download, so its not the connection.  I've tried both wireless and hard wired, same result.  I have three of these boxes, and even if only one is being watched it will freeze.  Hoping they put out an upgrade to the firmware to correct the issue.
OK. BUT. Where is You Tube????You tube has many many old TV shows and other entertainment. I had to buy a ROKU 3 to get Netflix and You tube. BUT, Roku 3 costs $100. It also has a UHF remote which allows you to control the programming from a distance.Roku 1 can provide the same as this Amazon fire for $59.What does Amazon fire offer better than ROKU?
It would appear that the Amazon Fire is a nice unit, but you can get the streaming video for less with a smart Blu Ray player and get the player as a bonus.
I don't own one but was wondering if it has the ability to stream live TV? I think in the quest for digital media boxes, that is the most important thing to me.Just wondering, is it better than XBMC free download? On my mac I watch any program, live sports, movies, hulu, youtube, thousands of channels from around the globe, you name it, for free in HD. No subscriptions no hidden fees, easy to run.
The facts:(1)  Fire costs $65 more than Chromecast.(2)  For apps that actually matter, Fire and Chromecast have basically the same app support.(2a) Fire has Showtime and WatchESPN, Chromecast has HBO... I see this as draw... If you're using this with your home TV, then you'll likely just use the OnDemand feature thru your cable provider.  That said, WatchESPN is a cool thing to have, but HBO has better shows that Showtime. Also, I can guarantee you that WatchESPN will have full Chromecast w/in the next 6 months.(2b)  Let's be real, people mainly use these devices for apps not available thru cable/dish (Netflix, YouTube, AmazonVid).  AmazonVid as it stands, is a second-rate product.  I have Prime and I still NEVER watch it.  Netflix is the prize possession for any of these devices...and all of them have it.(3)  Speach recognition... cool, but totally unnecessary.  If it doesn't work perfectly 99% of the time, it's worthless.  Since I'm a betting man, I'll bet it doesn't.(4)  Fire uses a standalone remote; Chromecast utilizes the smartphone you already own.(5)  Preloading shows you're likley to watch is a nice feature, but waiting 5 seconds for the Chromecast to load a show isn't even approaching inconvenience levels - frankly, I don't even notice.(6)  Both play video in full 1080p HD(7)  Games... who cares?!  If you're buying this for games you should probably just get an iPad instead.(8)  Chromecast will be rolling-out support for casting the Chrome browser from your iPad shortly... as it stands you can cast your Chrome browser from your computer to you TV.  You cannot do this at all with Fire.(9)  Set-up / Start-up couldn't be easier with the Chromecast.  Plug it into your TV, download the app, run it one time to sync the internet and you're done... for good.  You can even take it out and plug it into a new TV and it will work instantly.So... do any of the 'advantages' of the Fire outweigh the cost difference?  You be the judge, but to me it's a pretty clear NO.
JUST RECIEVED THIS ITEM AND ITS ALL NEW TO ME, ONE MAIN CONCERN MY FAMILY AND I HAVE IS THEIRS NO CHRISTIAN TV NETWORKS LIKE GETV, I HAVE SENT AMAZON THIS ISSUE TO SEE IF IT AND OTHER CHRISTIAN NETWORKS CAN BE ADDED, NOIT SURE IF THEY WILL RESPOND ARE EVEN CONCERND BUT AT LEAST I TRIED, I ALSO ASKED AMAZON WHY DOES ONE GET A $ CREDIT TO A MP3 ACCOUNT WHEN ONE ORDERS MOVIES WHEN ONE DOESNT EVEN USE MP3, AGAIN I ASKED AMAZON WHY NOT JUST ALLOW THOSE WHO DONT USE MP3 TRANSFER THAT $ AMOUNT INTO A MOVIE ACCOUNT TO BE OF WORTH, ALL IN ALL WE WILL TRY FIRE TV AND HOPEFULLY HERE FROM AMAZON ON OUR ISSUES BEFORE OUR 30 DAY TRIAL ENDS
Disappointed. It comes late in the day, I have the evening to myself, and after plugging it and getting it ready I find the remote doesn't have any batteries and I don't have any batteries of that type. It doesn't work without the remote. For $99 it seems like that should have been included.
Amazon Fire is better suited for younger generation and the many ways they're using technology everyday. For someone older 67yrs. it could be good, but a person must have a high speed or broadband internet connection for it to be useful. Dennis H.
Amazon offered me a free 30 day trial of the Amazon Fire Tv which I gladly accepted because I seen the commericals on Tv and I was a little curious about the product. When I got the product it was easy to setup. But the navigation through the prime video is confusing with the fact that you cannot separate the prime content with the paid content and the voice search is a little hit and miss for me. It sometimes doesn't work for me, I don't know if it's me but either way this product doesn't give me enough to make me want to pay the $99 so unfortunately I'll have to return it.  At least it gives me 30 more days of Amazon Prime so if your amazon prime expired, you can try the free trial of amazon tv if they offer it to you. I'm glad that amazon actually gave a free trial for an electronic product when other companies wouldn't even try so props to amazon.
Asking to purchase too much.  Just need a connection to stream, not purchase shows that just aired.
Bought Fire in April. Love it when it works. When watching Netflix though it reloads multiple in one show. It's like it's constantly rebuffering.  So frustrating. Right now trying to watch &#34;Orange...&#34; and it has reloaded about every 3-5 min. Holy Cow Amazon...work the bugs out before you roll it out to the public!
clear picture. my 3 year old son liked to watch all the time...but if wifi is slow, it will pick up slow also...
Eh. It's ok. Think I'll get the roku for the other rooms. May return it. It's nice but you're very limited.
Fast but tries too hard to force Amazon content down your throat. I thought the search would be marvelous, but unfortunately doesn't search all your subscriptions and only gives you back Amazon results.Why would I pay to watch a movie on Amazon if it's included in Netflix or Hulu or another one of my paid streaming services?I miss the Roku and the universal search.
getting it figured out.
Good, just doesn't. Work like I thought it would
Got Fire installed (easy) and all Amazon video was down, service outage. Another service outage yesterday. That's 2 in 1 week.No Aereo. Good. Not great.
Graphics are really nice and the system seems to be user friendly. I thought it came with complimentary Hulu Plus, but it didn't.  It's pretty much the same as apple tv (which I already have) so it didn't make sense to keep it.
Great device ... Works great but needs more apps as of now ( which I hear are coming )
Great on the free stuff, too much pay for, and too expensive, considering payment to use in the first place up the cost and make everything free.
I also have an apple tv so I do have something to compare with. I like the voice search. However the hand search is not as easy to navagate as Apple. In fact Apple is far more easy to use. The user part for Netflix is stupid. Apple is much better. I will keep it becouse I like to watch movies and netflix just is not adding new movies fast enough. I also do not like the u tube app. It does not have a history. You have a good product, but it need some tweeking.
I bought this device over the weekend and I'm probably going to return it...I have an old laptop that I have connected to my TV, so I watch Amazon Prime, HBO, AMC, NBC etc already on my TV. The reason for this purchase was to make watching these shows easier....not quite what happened.1. TMI...I don't really care what's on pay for service movies like netfix, hulu + etc. I should be able to filter them out of my searches.2. They do have have may TV programs (like AMC, ABC, NBC etc) but these are FREE on the the web, but you have to pay on Amazon Fire TV.  So if you missed an episode of madmen.. you can watch it for free on your PC, but you have top pay on Amazon Fire TV.Oh well...I guess I expected more from Amazon.
I bought this to watch and hear the many concert and music files I have on my C drive. I have a &#34;smart&#34; TV but its performance is less than satisfactory in playing my files wirelessly. I thought the FTV would help. But so far I am trying to figure out how to use Plex and several other s/w programs to accomplish this. Still working on it part time as I work out of town. Maybe this weekend it will work and I will update this review.
I ditched the cable TV subscription-cost too much and too many commercials.  Instead, I used Netflix, which kinda stinks in the quality programming category, but at least has no ads.  Then I got Amazon Prime which has many choice not on Netflix.  So when I saw this box, I bought it.  It said I would get AP, Netflix, ESPN and a bunch of other things. At lest those were the big picture claims at the time of the product launch.  And, i liked the Gary Busey ad about voice control.  So here is the reality.  Voice control is flawless (unless you have an unusual accent - my New Zealand born exchange student says it doesn't work well for him.)  With my family's standard American English, it never misses a beat, BUT it ONLY works with Amazon Prime.  Anything else requires the old hunt and click.  Not what I expected.  Next, I figured you would have to have a Netflix account or Hulu or whatever else you want to watch, but I figured Amazon had made a deal with ESPN so you could watch some of their programing through the box.  Not so.  It  appears to require you to have a cable TV subscription. Again this was not made clear in the initial offering materials.That said, is it worth it?  Yeah, I guess it is better than the blinking rip-off that cable TV has become. It works well, movie streaming is good quality, but it isn't anything you can't do with an iPad or computer.  That's it.  It is worth 3 stars unless you are a cable customer, then maybe 4 stars, but then why would you want it.
I do plan to check back in and provide additional scores and comments. I truely thought I was getting to elliminate the infomercials I pay for when I purchased cable TV - It kills me each month to write a check and there isn't anything on the cable TV channel but rerunts and infomercials for that I should receive a sample of everything.I am not a movie addict - occiasionally I rent a movie, I am not one ofr watchin series - I just like to occiaisionally sit and watch a good movie, NOt much of game player - I see where that would be 100 % great on here -Still checking other options out - I loved the music channels  -The price is great and I am gaining knowledge in all it provides yet I really purchased it ti get ride of cable and I am not able to.My bad for not fully understanding  but it wasn't my expectation
If you are only using this device for Amazon prime tv than it is great.  If you are looking for a universal set top media box that works equally well with Netflix, Hulu and Prime as well as other streaming services I would suggest the Roku 3 which has a much better interface for crossing multiple platforms.
I have a lot of music, videos, TV shows and movies stored on my computer.  I am very impressed with this unit, except for the fact that it is NOT DLNA compatible.  I cannot access the media on my computer.  I can with my bluray player and my PS3, with no problem
I have had a lot of rokus, the latest being roku3 but they don't last long. My last 2 roku3s died on me within a year of one another. They operate very warm and I suspect that is the problem. I have been using a chromecast device which I control with my samsung galaxy 3 phone of late and I like it as I can turn on the TV and connect with Netflix with a Netflix app. and scroll through the content. The Amazon Fire is fine for watching Amazon content but I prefer Netflix.The much touted voice search does not work on Netflix. I did not like the idea that you have to use your tv remote to turn on the TV and then set it to the right hdmi input first, in order to watch content. If you want more content then go for Roku or Fire but if you are like me and only watch Netflix then get a chromecast at a 1/3 or the price. I have not really explored apps that can be used for chromecast so cannot  comment on more content. The Rokus were good while they lasted and cannot comment on how the Fire will hold up. I tried the Fire before sending it back. I prefered the simpler to use Chromecast using my cell phone. The Fire is reviewed much more in depth in other reviews on the subject.
I have had my Amazon Fire for 5 days now and here is my **Pro** and **Con** List:**Pros**: + + Very slick / Nice Packing / Voice Recognition works well with Amazon (not other apps) / VERY Fast / Does not reset over and over like Roku Products / Some good apps like Hulu and Weather 4 Us I had on Roku**Cons**: - - Shockingly !! - No App for me to get to my Amazon Music (Yet ??) :-(  / Some TV Speakers are nortoriously bad - like my Samsung HD / **No way**  to simply plug in my old quality Marantz Amplifier and Speakers ... all they support is &#34;Optical Audio&#34; what only Optical Audio .. no adapters etc... ? All I can do now is stream Pandora via my aweful speakers... so it's back and forth from my Roku (music quality Audio) to my Slick Amazon Fire TV (lousy audio). I am shocked in their rush to get this out Amazon Amazon in their wisdom did not think of these two important key areas of Multi Media / TV enjoyment !!OK for me the jury is still out - OK Amazon - Let's see if you correct these two product BIG shortcomings (# 1 No access to MY music and no external connectivity to my Amplifier (via an adapter)) One Minor Issue - No Acorn App for us who love Brittish TV.
I love my Amazon site. I basically do all my shopping on Amazon. I was thrilled when I received my Amazon Fire TV. I've been using it so much that I have considered buying more and canceling my cable service. Well, today just goes to show that you should never get too excited. I haven't been able to watch anything on the set yet. I'm very frustrated and I'm hoping this is a one time issue.
i'm not a huge fan.  The Amazon Fire TV was relatively easy to set up and to use, but he picture quality is poor.  Although, I changed the settings it picture is dull and dark.  I was expecting it to have a clear, sharp picture as a smart TV does.
I'm not sure who's &#34;fault&#34; it is, but I bought this little device the first day it was available.  I was/am impressed with it's overall performance, and how quick it feels.  I also have this in the basement and the remote works upstairs in the great room. I have issues with Roku 3's &#34;wifi direct&#34; remote making the distance.The main issue revolves around the lack of full audio (surround) support in the Plex application.  If you browse the forums, some people blame Amazon, others blame plex.  I honestly don't car, I'm just very sad that this thing is SO close to being a great box, but without quality audio I'm forced to use my old trusty Boxee Box for home movies.I really want to love this box, but in its current form I just can't.  If/when the audio gets fixed my review will go up drastically but until then the best I can do is hand out 3 stars.
I mostly use the Fire now to watch Netflix as all the shows that Amazon offers are expensive. They cost more than watching them on Comcast. Comcast has a feature where I can list free movies. I have not found a way through voice command or menu option to find free movies easily. Also I have connected a CAT-6 cable as movies freeze/pause with the wireless option.
I'm usually a big proponent of what Amazon does. We do not have cable, so I use Amazon to augment our antenna with shows I can't get. For that it works really well. Amazon offered a free 30 day trial of the Fire TV, so I ordered one. I have a PS3 with the Amazon app connected to our main TV, so this box would pull double duty for the bedroom and patio. My current set up for that area of the house is an HDMI cable that I hook into my laptop to run on either TV as a second monitor.The box was considerably smaller than I thought it would be, maybe the size of a double CD case. It was fairly easy to set up, though the video was annoying. Maybe helpful for your parents or someone with no technological ability. Connecting to the wireless network was easy enough, staying connected is another matter. I have a wireless repeater in the bedroom to cover the back of the house and the yard. All my other devices have no problem staying on this signal, and the repeater is 4 feet away from the Fire TV, producint a &#34;very good&#34; signal rating. But every time it &#34;sleeps&#34; (there is no off button btw) and wakes up, it says it's &#34;connected with problems&#34;. Whatever that means. I have to tell it to forget the network, rejoin it, and reenter the password. That buys me 10 minutes maybe before it's &#34;connected with problems&#34; again. The Amazon solution is to unplug your router or the Fire TV (again, there is no power button), and I'm not doing that every single time I use this device. I have connected the Fire TV to the repeater via ethernet cable, but this doesn't provide any better results. I guess I could unplug the repeater or run a 50ft ethernet cable under the house to the Fire TV, but to me this is too much of a hassle to deal with when I can just plug in my laptop to the TV and get better results. YMMV, but this is what I encountered.I was also under the impression that MLB TV would be available for use. Well, not exactly. It's supposed to be available &#34;later this year&#34; (I asked for a more specific time frame but they wouldn't give me one). We are less than a month from the All Star break, so there's not a lot of &#34;later this year&#34; left.I would like this device to be useful, but with these constant connection problems, limited apps, and no power button, it's not worth it to me right now. I'm going to return it and wait for football season to see if things have improved.
I really like the UI and the speed compared to my Roku, but having no way to browse Prime content is a huge pain.
I thought when I bought the Fire TV to replace my Roku LT that I'd be getting all or most of the TV and music apps that I currently have, maybe even some of the magazine and newspaper apps.  But, no, not by a long shot.  The number of channels that I've given up by disconnecting my Roku LT is staggering.  Yes, there are games.  But I didn't buy the Fire TV as a gaming machine.I'm willing to hang in there, waiting for Amazon to upgrade their apps so they work on the Fire TV.  I see there's a problem with Kindle Fire HD apps upgrading to the Kindle Fire HDX.  Not happy about that, but patience is a virtue, and more are becoming HDX friendly.  So some problem with apps upgrading to Fire TV is forgivable.  Not for long though.  Amazon, you need to get to work.  This is ridiculous.On the other hand, Fire TV is fast and efficient.  There's lots of storage space.  Voice search is great...just wish I could search Netflix, too.  On the whole, this is a good machine.So, hardware A-.  Software D+.Update: May 23, 2014Amazon Fire TV is winning me over completely.  The speed of the hardware and ease of Voice Search is outweighing the lack of apps.  And now that old seasons of HBO are available to Prime members, well, this is good.So, when Voice Search becomes available across all apps, the hardware score will become A+.  Because Amazon is moving quickly to add valuable apps, with PBS, ABC and Disney in the works, the software score is now B.BTW I would still like the Vudu app on Fire TV even though Flixster also has my Ultraviolet movies.  There are 5 movies which show up on Vudu which don't show up on Flixster.  All of these are Disney movies which allowed me to choose whether I wanted the digital copies on Vudu or iTunes.  I chose Vudu, thinking I'd have more flexibility.  So, I can watch these movies on my Blu-ray player, Windows 7 computer, and my Android tablet.  And yes, my old Roku.  But not on my Fire TV, Kindle HDX, Surface or Windows Phone.  Bummer!  How spoiled I became so quickly.  What is this world coming to?
It is a good product, however the search functions suck and the app interfaces need to be revamp for ease of use.
It's a good start and I love the seamless integration with my prime account but the lack of apps and even fewer channels offered makes it clear that Amazon has a long way to go to make themselves stand out in this field. I'm excited for updates to come along.
It's okay.  I just dd not find it to be what I needed to meet my needs.  Most of the movies I wanted to watch I had to pay rental.  I cannot afford that.  It was worth a try but not for me.  It also left a vast world of things out there for my 10 and 13-yr old granddaughters to stumble into.  I can't watch them 24-7.
It was easy to set up. I am not totally satisfied with choice of free movies with prime. My children use it all the time for games and tv shows. I do not own any similar products such as apple tv, so I am unable to compare it to what else is out there.
It works Ok except I frequently have to unplug HDMI cable and reconnect to restore audio. Once on, it stays on until next time I start it up. Amazon videos are better to navigate than with Amazon app on my Google TV Box.
I've been using the Amazon Fire TV since day one. I've been noticing the &#34;Buffering error&#34; message during playback while watching from the Prime Video Service. You have to go back into the previously played section to continue where it ended. I've sideloaded various apk's including XBMC . Some work well depending on the controls. But there is another critical problem with the AFTv , memory. Only 4gb available and  no usb support for adding more. This could possibly kill an otherwise good media streamer. So if the Amazon software engineers would update the software to fix the error message, usb support, and media playback the Amazon Fire TV would then be a BEAST!
I want to tell you that I am a big fan of Amazon and buy quite a bit for my Kindle, am a Prime Member and always shop the Amazon site first when I want to buy something. This review is not exactly a good one - but it is true - and hopefully someone in management will read it and consider what I'm saying. I am pretty savvy with tech stuff, but this device required help and if there had been written instructions that came with it, my initial experience with Fire TV would have been easier and happier.First, once you've decided to purchase this device, it is almost impossible to figure out what you need to buy WITH it. I finally discovered that I would need an HDMI cable, but that was buried somewhere and I only found the info by chance.Second, when I got it, there was no manual. The device isn't exactly plug and play. I did not understand how my current cable box and now this new device could be used on the same TV. I had to call support and although the tech was very nice and patient, if there had been written directions about multiple input ports and how to choose a secondary input and then find the secondary input to plug the Fire into and then how to go back and forth between different inputs, it would have been much easier and I wouldn't have had to bother the technical people.Third, when you try to use the voice commands, nowhere are you told to push the button. Maybe this is obvious to some people but not to me. Then when I finally got it to respond, every time I answered YES, the machine would ask, &#34;Did you say ASS?&#34;. It was very frustrating. And then there is no manual to tell you how to select what film/video you want to watch once you get the voice to finally find what you are seeking. It just keeps repeating that it is thinking and there is no SELECT command.Fourth, trying to make the captioning work is a nightmare. It keeps turning itself off as you re-set what kind of captions you want and what size and color. The captions should become the default and stay on permanently,as frankly, if the user sets the captions for one show, they are going to want to see the captions during every film.Finally, the really startling and aggravating thing happened this morning when Amazon offered to SELL me a manual for the Fire TV. A written manual or atleast a really good FREE online manual should be made available. The color pictures and marketing pages about the Fire TV do not give constructive help. I was really disappointed when Amazon tried to sell me a guide for their own device. Thanks. .
I was excited when I learned about &#34;Fire&#34;.  I like the new technology where you can search by voice without needing to type your search request.My problem is that I do not know all of the names of the movies or even the actors that I may want to see, making it difficult to find a show to watch.  The &#34;list&#34; brings up a lot of shows that are of no interest to me.  In ROKU, I can rate the program in Netflix or Pandora and the streaming source brings me additional programs similar to the programs that I may also like.Amazon Prime needs to work in a similar manner, without logging into Netflix or Pandora (I already have these services through ROKU and do not want to sign-up again through &#34;Fire&#34;.  After Amazon Prime updates the &#34;Fire&#34; device to work like ROKU, it will be a better system then it is at this time, and then it will be worth the $99.00 + the Prime fees.
I would give five stars if you could just view prime content with genres. It is a disappointment to try to search for something, voice search is great if you already know the name of a movie.
Just got it a few days ago, really quickly, and I am not even a Prime member. Love the voice feature!
Nice device but it has a way to go if going to compete against Roku - no enough contents yet. See little value on the voice activated part, should have gone toward contents instead
No ones mentioned it compared to Boxee, which is my streamer of choice mainly due to the amount of local content it'll play, I've yet to see anyone mention anything but plex? I'm not going to try it unless it streams local media (-all types-)!out of the box
Not enough content is offered with the Prime Membership to be a true value.  Didn't have NHL and MLB connections.....the contect prices have to come WAY down to be a value.
Overall the device is ok but I would prefer if all video selections from different services (i.e., Netflix, Amazon Prime) were integrated into one selection area.  It seems like a waste of time to have to search each service to see if they have the movie, tv show, etc....  My other observation is that I find the Amazon Prime, service to be an expensive option to rent videos.  I am already am an Amazon Prime member so it does not seem appropriate that I should have to pay once again to rent a video, show, etc.Generally speaking all recent movies or tv shows require the user to pay a charge/fee.  In general my perception of Amazon Prime instant video service is that it is a ripoff.  I doubt that is the perception Jeff Bezos is striving for.  My suggestion is to use the Amazon Fire TV to watch shows from Netflix and not Amazon Prime Instant Video Service.  My suggestion to Amazon is to rework the business model.  The costs associated with using your service is excessive and under no circumstances would I recommend it.
Returned it before I used it. I learned that you can get Amazon Instant Video on PS3 or XBox 360, of which I had both.
Setup was easy. I had it connected and running fast. As most other users, I did not like the fact that you cannot search Prime membership only movies. I read someone had used the search button to say for example: &#34;Prime romantic comedies&#34;. Well, I tried similar searches with different versions of the position of the words and all it did was yield results that have the word &#34;prime&#34; in the movie or sometimes the description of the movie. So it did not work for me.Why did I give it 3 stars? After using it for a little while I decided to setup up parental controls and a pin number so that my kids do not accidentally buy anything. Some time after setting up the pin number I went into the network settings, and it caused it to disconnect from the internet. Well, it asked me for my pin number while I was in that part of the menu. I provided it and it asked for it again. It was stuck on the screen asking for pin number and saying that there is no internet connection. This is a major glitch for amazon fire. It appears that if you lose connection and you have parental controls setup it will ask you for a pin number continuously just so you can try to get back to the internet. However, the pin number is not stored on the device and it actually needs internet to have it verified so you are stuck in an endless cycle. You cannot do anything when this happens. There is no manual hard reset on the fire and soft reset is nothing but unplugging it for 30 seconds. It did not help with anything. A way to reset the fire to factory setting without needing the menu is needed. You cannot go into the menu and reset it either unless you are able to connect the fire tv with internet with the optical cable (wired connection). Then the pin can be verified and you can remove the stupid parental controls so you can reset to factory settings. I had to do that and not happy about it. I was lucky my cable internet modem was close by and I could connect the fire tv wired to internet. I can imagine some people might not be so lucky and have their tv way far away from the modem if this were to happen to them. Overall, I can see the value in it, but this glitch with the verification of the pin and impossibility to do anything if a pin is created and you don't have internet will leave you disappointed.
Some of it great fetures do not work in other countries. Be aware!
SOMETIMES I CAN NOT GET IT TO READ OR PLAY WHAT I WANT.  LITTLE FRUSTRATING.  WISHED I HAD AN EASY WAY TO CONTACT YOU GUYS
Still have to buy all my content - Prime, Hulu Plus, and Netflix
Technologically, it is wonderful. easy to use. However, it did not meet my expectations due to the limited availability of things to watch without added expense.
The box, and voice recognition are great-- no complaints with the actual item.  We feel let down by the lack of decent free Amazon Prime options.  It is also difficult to find these free Amazon Prime programs, however, you can search for them on the Amazon's website and save stuff to your watchlist.
The Fire is awesome and I love having Netflix included on it... My only issue is the remote, when you press any of the buttons there is annoying clicking sound, and if my wife is asleep, I am clicking to find a show or rewind etc, the darn clicking is so loud it wakes her... Seriously! None of my other remotes make this noise, why would you want to make a soft small stealthy remote, that clicks loud enough to bother someone???
The Good1. Size - very nice, compact2. Picture/Sound - HDMI out, so picture and sound are as good as the TV you connect it to3. Price - $100 is a great deal for the &#34;feature set&#34; the FireTV has compared to the others in this nicheThe Bad1. The product documentation DOES NOT TELL YOU what services are supported by what Cable/Broadband/Dish providers you might have. Example: The SHOWTIME app does not include COMCAST customers, even though they might be SHO subscribers. Therefore, if you buy this thinking you can watch your favorite SHO programs, check with your provider to see if they are among the few that work with the FireTV2. As others have mentioned - WE ARE PRIME MEMBERS - don't put us in a corner with Baby. Put our option Front and Center, because we're already paying you for the privilege of that status.3. Menu layouts could be better
The hardware specs are nice and user interface is snappy. But lack of HBO2GO and the fact the hardware costs around $25 more than what I can pick up a Roku 3 on sale makes it only 3 stars for me. Maybe down the road or when more apps become available it might be worth it but until that happens I would say save your money and get a Roku 3.
the microphone search only seems to work for amazon prime subscription items not youtube or netflix which was sort of the whole point of buying it.
The search works great with Amazon, but not Netflix or the other apps.  I was thinking it would.  And not once have I ever searched for a movie/show and it was included with Amazon Prime.  I am fairly disappointed with Amazon right now.
The size of the unit is nice . Although apps are limited to the pre-installed ones. Would be better if you could add/delete to your own likings...  amazon prime n instant video is ok. ...
The streaming works great.The search voice recognition also works great, however the search results (whether using voice or text search) bring in all sorts of random items in addition to missing some of this items you would expect to be included.Also, no web browser and no YouTube, so I still have to use my tablet in addition to this.It's worth the price if you want to stream Prime, Netflix Hulu since the streaming works so well. It looks like the box is enhancing the picture with increased local contrast and a non-linear color curve in comparison to broadcast signals, but it's tastefully done so not a problem despite having no control over it other than your TV.The last thing that was painful was that there appears to be no way to edit a wireless LAN connection once set up. So if you manually set up the connection and make a mistake, you have to delete the profile and start over. The auto-recognition failed so I had to do it manually.
The voice search works great.Set up was very easy.The remote is very small and easy to misplace.To use it you need very good internet service.
THEY DONT EXPLAIN IN THE AD THAT THE VOICE CONTROL ONLY WORKS WITH AMAZON PRIME. I AM VERY DISAPPOINTED  BAD
This is a great product. Setup was simple, somewhat fast, and navigation is excellent. Search works great, but that's where my biggest complaint is, and where I see the biggest oversight by Amazon.Search (voice or text) ONLY searches Amazon content.  Netflix, Hulu, and even my own video server are not included in the searches.  So if looking for a specific movie or show that may be free on one of the other services, it only shows me the Amazon content, not the free content or content on other sources. If this not an oversight, then Amazon is doing it for purely business purposes, and soon enough I'm sure there will be a competitor without this limitation.  If Amazon does not have this fixed by then, I'll probably switch.Until then, it's clean, easy, and convenience as a media content viewer.
This really deserves 3.5 stars at this point. This device has a lot potential and I am fully integrated with all Amazon products but there are several little tweaks that should be done and this device would be awesome. First the layout of the menu is clumsy. Second of all it seems like this should be a no brainer but being about to move videos that are bought from Amazon around on the menu in the order you would like would make the experience much more enjoyable. Example being if you start buying a series such as Lord of the rings and you buy all the ones already out then you have to wait a long time for the next one well it will be stored no where near the others maybe I'm just OCD but I like all series kept together and with Amazon you can't. Get rid of the carousel look and upgrade it. With Amazon music and HBO go missing at least for now it should only get 3.5 stars and when it gets them and if they would change the setup a little this product would be far better than the roku. The search feature works great and the device is fast and gives a great picture.
Utilized free trial to try amazon fire.  We loved small size of box and easy use of system however after about 3 weeks the remote stopped working.  We tried all troubleshooting suggestions but still didnt work so sent back
worked super super fantastic for 2 weeks.  Now cannot get it work.  definte 5 stars when working, 0 stars right now.  average out to 3 stars.
Would be really great if it didn't just keep taking you back to the Amazon Prime site when you 'ask' it to search...it won't search every app, like Netflix, etc. Anyway I couldn't make it do that- called and asked for help and they didn't seem to know what I was asking or couldn't figure out how to do it either --- Had a really hard time getting it set up because you have to register it with the email account that has the Prime membership in the household  - so if you have more than one member of your household and you buy this with your Amazon account you have to unregister it and then register it with the email in the household that has the Prime.  Kinda crazy I think.  I don't use the voice search because it will only search Amazon Prime and most of the free shows I watch are on Netflix but it won't search every app you have... should have stuck with another Roku.
If it had a dvr I would consider buying it, but won't, may reconsider I have 2 Ruko's that work fine.
I am not great with tech. So if this question sounds stupid, I'm sorry.If I have fire TV do I still need DIRECTV? Can I still have DirecTV or do I just use fire TV for all the TV I need?Thanks.
Amazon statement misstates the availability of Bloomberg TV on Roku. I've been watching Bloomberg TV live on Roku for many months. It is impossible for someone at Amazon not to know this. So it's a material misdtatement and It's reasonable to wonder how many more misstatements there are like that.  I really don'te see the dvantage of this defive of the much less expensive Roku. SO I'd stick with Roku. If you really think you need this don't be rushed into it. Wait until June when the fust clears and the real truth comes out.
A couple things.  Get more apps guys, Roku is killing you and it isn't close.  the voice activation doesn't work very well, i don't ever use it.  the operating system looks dated, but it is fast.  I gave it an honest go, but Roku is better hands down.  I will try the fire TV again when they get more apps.
add headphone jack and you will really beat ROKU.  add headphone jack and you will really beat ROKU. PLEASE ADD HEADPHONE JACK.
Amazon has to add support for all apps within voice search. Some reviewers act like the voice search is &#34;good&#34; it's not good. It's GREAT. The voice search is the one thing that means the difference between spending a minute or more trying to get what you're looking for or having it play within 2 seconds of me starting my search. I hate wasting time. However, I'm giving a whopping minus 2 stars because the voice search feature only browses amazon content and vevo if you're looking for music. This is unacceptable. Amazon probably does this to get you to buy something from them, however if I know that a particular series is on netflix I want ot watch I'm not going to buy it from Amazon just because that's the only thing that pops up. Even if I don't know I'm still going to check all my other subscriptions before I make a purchase. If I want on demand content I'm going to get it from Amazon anyway, because typically they are cheaper. I don't see why they decided to do this. Anyway 2 stars get's taken away because of this. Otherwise this device is perfect and an amazing invention comparative to other streamers (mainly Roku). This thing beats out Roku by a long shot.
Because they are Amazon and want to proprietorially restrict their Equipment. The have left out those programs that allow you to redeem your movies through VUDU, Or Flixster. So if you are invested in other programs don't invest in Amazon Fire.It's the same game with Apple TV. The want your redeeming. Rather, you go through alternative means. I would have left Apple Tv and Roku. If the offered VUDU. Too bad.
Being an Amazon Prime fanatic and always buying everything on Amazon I had resisted Apple TV and Google Chrome and Roku waiting for Amazon to bring out its TV product. I have to say I was somewhat underwhelmed. The inability to connect my phone or tablet to it was disappointing as well as not having HBO was also a downer. I used it to show a TV program to my grandson but beyond that I have really not used it much. We will obviously use it for Amazon Prime movies and TV shows but not for our own content as uploading pictures and videos to the Amazon Cloud is painful and the device takes forever to buffer home video despite a cable modem connection that is lightening fast for our computers, not so much for Fire.
Does not have the channels that I watch, other vendor product meets my needs.
First, I love Amazon and it's products.  I purchased an Apple TV for the sole reason that it was one of the few devices that would provide HBO GO.  When I saw this Fire TV, I thought &#34;Amazon has done it again&#34;...I thought it was funny that in the list of comparable devices, Fire TV was the ONLY one that didn't have HBO GO, which is what I primarily use the Apple TV for.  I'm sure it has to do with licensing or something of the sort, but I thought it even funnier when you notice that the Fire tablets do have the app.  The puzzle isn't fitting.  I may invest when they fix this issue.
Great if all you want Is amazon prime, netflix, and hulu content. Only about 25 channels and only 3 or 4 free that are worth watching. No PBS, History, or any other learning channels. It does have Smithsonian. It is fast and voice search is awsome but only for amazon content.
I am getting ready to move for school. Will Amazon Fire TV work in Malta?Thanks for the assistance and advice in advance!
I bought this to replace my Apple TV - especially to add Plex for my video library - and get Prime instant video.I am really disappointed because the Netflix app seems very limited compared to my Apple TV.  On Apple TV I can search by genre and many other means - but not with the Fire TV Netflix app.  It's extremely limited.It is also very difficult to search through Prime movies for instant viewing.  The offerings are limited and the pay movies are mixed in. It's frustrating to look through Prime movies.  I wish they could just allow you to scroll through all Prime Instant available movies.  I guess I just assumed it would be like this -The Plex app is fantastic, and that is the saving grace of the Fire TV. I hope they can update the Netflix and the Prime offerings, because I don't have a need to search by Actor/Actress/Title if I don't know what I'm going to watch!  I'm just looking for something that captures my attention.So in the end i will have to use both my Apple TV and the Fire TV box until Fire TV can get their act together with the Netflix and Prime applications.
I enjoyed the product, but it was too expensive compared to Google Chromecast.  It also duplicates a lot of things that are already on a smart TV if you have 1(I do)
I got Amazon fire tv because the smart tv I had bought a few days earlier couldn't pick up the wireless signal from my bedroom to the living room although my kindle fire could. I was amazed but a tad confused on how mixed up everything was. I have Netflix and Amazon Prime. The voice response was a kick until I said Orange is the new Black. It picked it up but when I clicked on it I was taken to a show called Addiction. Said something about a cast member from Orange is the new black. Like the fool I am i said it again and got the same thing and clicked on it. Now I am billed 1.95 or  8 for a 19 minute show I don't even want to see and will dispute. I thought I had a pin for purchase but I guess I have to put it in again to stop this. I think the lists of shows is a real big problem. I never could get it to pull up Orange is the new black so have to watch it on my computer. I want to be able to stop all non Amazon prime shows and only see Netflix that I don't have to pay extra for. If I can do it on my computer, I should be able to do it on the tv. Please reprogram this part. I am 73 so too much technology and I am lost.
I love the HBO documentaries. How come no HBO????? This must be some kind of financial issue for Amazon but I am not 100% happy for that reason.
I'm semi impressed with the device but my biggest issue is the prime content. Unfortunately shows that I have watched for free on my Prime account are now offered only at a cost. Super disappointing Amazon!
It took two tries and one shut down and reset to get the device to update properly but it finally did. Spent an evening fiddling with it and found it to be a bit confusing to use. The voice search feature seems to work well.  Not sure what I expected but I have all these apps on my TV and besides the gaming, which I didn't purchase it for anyway, no real advantage. Id return it but don't want to take the restocking hit so it will go on a shelf. BTW, there is no off button and its not clear how to turn it off. Turns out, you just leave it alone and it goes to sleep. Dont care for that.
I was curious about the Fire and I will say this, if you do not have a streaming device yet (Roku, AppleTV, Game Console) the Fire could be the right purchase for you.I currently have Tivo, Apple TV, and Game Consoles that all do pretty much the same thing, so it really doesn't bring anything new to the party.  I might change my tune when the game controller is released.  I think there is a HUUUUGE potential there, but trying to play games with the remote is fairly awkward right now.Overall speed and picture quality is good, sound is good.It's worth a look, but don't expect anything earth-shattering, at least not yet.
Loved the basic concepts of the Fire, but after telling people (who were watching me set it up) how so many movies were &#34;Prime&#34; and therefore free, was embarassed to see that some huge amount of offerings were not &#34;free&#34;. I'd echo the suggestion/request to have a feature that let's you view &#34;Prime&#34; offerings only and or $1.99 offerings only.Also was amazed to see that recent episodes of TV series cost $2.99? How does that make any sense when you could have recorded the same episode for ZERO cost? One of the main reasons I purchased this was to avoid needing to record shows.Also was very upset by the need to pay $40 (40% of the unit cost) to buy a non-included HDMI cable. Couldn't they include at least a short, basic cable and charged a bit more?
Many others have already documented the narrow focus of the voice searching to Amazon products.  This not quite as annoying to me as the lack of any support whatsoever for the USB port.  This is inexcusable from a company like Amazon whose attention to detail includes a survey on how I liked the packaging of the product!  However, as the title of this review implies, the hardware is very good.  The device is very responsive for all the services I care to use - Amazon / Prime Instant Video, Netflix, Pandora.  However, I was very disappointed when I tried to use the WatchESPN app.  The list of service providers didn't even include Charter Communications!  I'm not sure who left it out - Amazon or ESPN - but the device is Amazon branded and they are responsible for the final testing of all software and hardware - the buck stops with them.  There are several other small software glitches that I'm not going to detail here.  All together it points to a rushed rollout to me.  I'll reconsider raising my rating to a 4 or 5 if the revision 1.1 software is delivered quickly and resolves these issues. Right now, the Fire TV is the second string device behind my WD TV Live which does everything well but lacks Amazon / Prime Instant Video.
not enough free movies and tv programs
Plenty of show's for men & teens. No show's for wife and daughter. Short on family show's and music. Need Fox & CNN BBC News too! More new run movie and tv show's. Fire has potential to wipe our competition with a little tweeting! Go for it!
Ran into problems with Wi-Fi.  Amazon said it was the cable company.Cable company said I'd have to add additional equipment to boost thesignal.  Not willing to do that.
slower to use on Netflix than the  Roku it replaces.  hard to read movie tittles on smaller screens than my Roku, I have to get up very close to the tv to read.  many features I don't care about. I think I will go back to roku.
The Amazon Fire TV unit it well built.  You can tell it is good quality.  However, to tell you the truth the voice control does not beat out the other customary controls and back ground visuals that the other streamer units have.For the price, I paid for the quality of the unit's manufacturing and possibly the voice control.  Although, I will not pick this unit for a second streamer in the house.I only write this because I truly enjoy Amazon and I give you the benefit of the doubt it would be a superior unit to what was on the market.  This is the only reason I am filling out this form.  I believe Amazon cares about its feedback and its customers.Issues.1.  You can't tell where you've been in a series or where you want to go.2.  Game controller is not user friendly3.  Sometimes automation's anticipation is bad judgment.We plan on keeping our Fire however and continue with Amazon its not a deal breaker.  However, it is now 1 of 3 things we cautiously will purchase.1.  Perfumes2.  Large items requiring shipment to Hawaii3.  New products by Amazon (caution not refusal) .V/R John C Veverka
The device works fine, but the reason I bought it was the audio search ability. I now find that the audio search does not work when you are using Netflix. Therefore the device is no better than the ROKU I had.
The little buttons hard to figure out but familiarity clues you in on remote. Seems to work great as long as you know how to operate.
There is not enough content, not even Amazon Music.  The search function is faulty, it will list movies for an actor that he never appeared in and leave out ones that he were in.  Also it will list a TV show an actor was on, but not the episodes.  Also there is little cross content search.
This is a really neat way to view movies. The down side to it is you have to pay for all the movies and most of them are old viewings.
Well for starters it's okay , the features are great ,like the voice command and the game controller (sold separately) but you don't get the real amazon app store you get some things, like apps that you would get on your DVD player.I would not recommend buying this product in tell they tweak it some more boring, boring...And actually I would give it a 2 1/2 just because the features but for the unit it self not!
Wow, the picture clarity is great!  WARNING TO NETFLIX USERS -- Use the devices back button to exit Netflix or it will NOT work the next time you want to watch Netflix.Gaming is pretty good, but I am VERY DISAPPOINTED that the games will NOT WORK if you are not connected to the internet.  Even though the games are completely downloaded and installed, they will not work without an internet connection!  Amazon, please fix this!
content that draws more attention in this type of equipment are the movies, and I was surprised when I realized that most, almost the entire contents of amazon prime is restricted only to usa.
I bought the Fire TV primarily to provide an easy way to stream Amazon Prime free video and buy movies/tv from Amazon. In the past we have done this using a laptop.TL;DR: It works well for finding and playing Amazon content. For Netflix, it is terrible. Not only won't it find the netflix content via voice search, but the content itself stutters when streaming.As an experiment, I watched the first episode of MadMen from Netflix using the Fire TV and then the second episode using the Apple TV, again via Netflix. Apple streamed the episode perfectly. Fire TV stuttered and often degraded down to almost standard definition. Start times were also worse.Maybe this is a netflix implementation issue, but as a user of he box, it hardly matters who is responsible.On the other hand, if you buy a movie from Amazon, it streams brilliantly.We have 75 megabit/second Verizon FIOS.Another consideration if you are considering this purchase and already have an Apple TV, the price differential between Amazon and Apple has largely disappeared. Used to be that Amazon would charge you a buck less for a movie than Apple and a few bucks less to buy a TV series. Now the pricing seems to be the same. So no real reason to switch away from the Apple TV.The free Amazon catalog is really no better than the free Netflix catalog. That is, neither is great if you are over the age of 15.The Apple TV is a superior product  if you are just looking to buy content a la carte and get access to HBO go and Netflix. Yes, I know the Apple TV has less memory and less processing power, but frankly, it streams netflix without glitches, so that is good enough. I don't spend that much time scrolling left and right in the menu screens to care if Amazon can do that a little faster.I have no opinion of the Fire as gaming console. I don't play games and my 11 yr old finds our PS 3 to be completely adequate.The feels like another Amazon 1.0. Good enough for now but expect it to get much better in the future. I really can't recommend this product, especially if you own an iPhone to control your Apple TV. The built in remote for the Apple TV is a bit primitive.
IF WHEN i returned it because the remote did not work [and have been waiting for another never received it,this may be a good product but i cant say because i cant get a replacement! but don't no why!
I have used all sorts of devices: Windows Media Center PC, Raspberry Pi with XBMC, Roku, Apple TV, Chromecast, Samsung Smart TV and now the Amazon Fire TV.If you want to watch Netflix & Hulu, any of these devices will be just fine. Beyond that your mileage will vary.Of all the solutions I've used, Roku is still my favorite because of content options. XBMC had a lot of plugins but required using my phone as remote and it was too confusing for my wife.I think this device has potential if Amazon can manage to get more apps. First day I tried it I had to swap it out for Roku so I could get Mormon Channel or BYU TV. If I could install Android apps I think this device would be even better.Next up, I think I'm going to buy the G-Box so I can get back on XBMC (lots of content plugins) and install android apps. I really want to watch CBS shows and as I understand the only way to stream CBS shows right now is online or with an Android app.
I'm sure Fire TV is as good as Apple TV, etc. The problem is with me. There is very little quality programming available in general. So although there is a lot to choose from, when you filter out all the garbage that's available, there was very little left to justify the expense.
I purchased as I do use Amazon Prime a lot and the purported technology that improved Amazon Prime streaming appealed to me.I did not see a difference. Plus Amazon has not signed up a lot of other content providers I like.The remove is small and not back lit as many are not these days even though you media room is dark.These &#34;3rd Party&#34; streamers are something I really see no use for. My LG TV in my Master Bedroom has it built in and controls all my other components and streaming options (including Amazon Prime) but again the remote is not back lit!My old TV Samsung which is now in the family room runs via a Sony Blue Ray.Me, I put my money into higher technology modems and routers and upgraded speed from my cable provider. Doesn't cost much to get TVs with built in streaming these days. Almost the standard.
I was expecting something as good as Roku and that didnt happen, returned to Best Buy, maybe try again someday.
Many TVs and BD players as well as most media streamers support DLNA, why not the Fire TV ? This is a deal breaker.Until Amazon adds DLNA support to play media from a NAS or server there is no way I am going to get one.
Sadly with such a limited supply of Apps at this time is why I only gave Fire TV  3 stars.Now if you have never used Playon then this box will be great you simply will not know what you are missing.This device runs on Android OS and yet they DO NOT ALLOW allow you to use the Google Play app store if they did this thing would rock and roll.It also does not offer any web browser either boo hiss.The quality of video was fantastic, the audio is too, and it is blazing fast especially on Amazon Prime video, they should also have allowed you to shop Amazon from the main screen that also would have been a real plus..Compared to Roku for sound and video hands down Fire Tv wins, but there is that app problem.No matter how great the picture, or the sound without sufficient apps it is just not worth a 99 bucks.You have currently 4 or so streaming choices  Amazon, Netflix, Hulu Plus, and one or two other I do not remember they were not in my opinion worth the load. Playon is currently NOT available that sucks folks big time.Now it plays games and that is another feature younger folks will love, there are many games on the Amazon App page, but I do not play games.However I did load the Zombie game they offer the graphics were not too bad but game play was very poor indeed you walk and run forward and turn right and left to duck the zombies and pick up items you earn such as guns. The turns are very limited I removed the game right away after I checked it out.I had also ordered the Game controller they offer at the same time I ordered the Fire Tv but by the 2nd day after the Fire Tv arrived it still had not shipped so I cancelled the order.The Zombie game most likely would have been better with the game controller.My wife and I have 4 Roku in the house, and apps are in no short supply for them.So the Fire Tv  became a redundant device and was returned back to Amazon.On the day Playon and other significant streaming Apps are available for the Fire Tv I will gladly purchase Fire Tv from Amazon because that will make this little box simply awesome.Now if you write Java code for Android then this box is your playground, it offers an easy side load ability.I do write code in several languages but since I do not write in Java or Visual C++ which is much like Java so I am not in the App writing world for Android,yeah I know I am a programming dinosaur.
Set up was really easy, basically a plug and play.  The response was very good.  I wish it had an off button though because once it has gone to sleep it usually has a hard time re-opening Netflix.  Actually have to unplug the box to reset it to get it to load Netflix.I am thinking of returning this for a smart Blue Ray Player.  I have Amazon Prime but watch very little video since everything I want to watch costs extra!  I order so much from Amazon they certainly are not making money on me!  I can get the same usage from a slightly cheaper Blue Ray and also use it to play Blue Ray versus using the Fire TV.
Thanks for letting me know if works in Mexico since its supposed to be better than Chromecastand I'd love to watch Amazone prime TV series
THE FIRE BOX WORKS GREAT NO PROBLEMS. THE REMOTE CONTROL RAN OUT OF BATTERY LIFE AFTER LESS THAN A WEEK ! I HOPE THIS NOT SOMETHING THAT IS ON GOING PERHAPS JUST BAD BATTERYS ! BY THE WAY THE UNIT CAME WITH AMAZON BATTERYS ! AND SO DID THE GAME CONTROLLER !
The organization of apps and channels is awkward and doesn't seem like it'll hold up well if a lot of them are added.  Very possible for future software updates to fix this.Out of the box experience was mixed.  I love that it came pre-configured for my Amazon account.  Hooking it up to the LCD TV (720p) in my family room resulted in a Amazon logo, then a blank screen.  I had to hook it up to a 1080p tv to manually configure it for 720p and move it back to the family room.  The menu, apps, and games all work fine, but no streaming video will play on my 720p tv, only on a 1080p tv...despite the Fire TV being configured for 720p.The inability to restrict searched to Prime-only content is annoying.  My PS3 is a better Prime Instant Video experience than this box...but this is also one of the things that I think Amazon could very easily change in the future with a software update.Overall, very much a first gen product...I'd recommend holding off until the software has matured.
the product I was hoping to get would be a lot more savvy; it seems to be really unstable. It does not allow me to get asa many channels as my current set up with the Roku XS; or I haven't quite figured it out yet.I will keep trying to work with it. If no joy after a week, will stick to my Roku!I ordered the an additional Roku, stick, at the same time and that is amazing. The clarity; the stations I love!I will not be discouraged for the price, i was expecting a little more.
This is a first look opinion.  I just got and set up my Amazon Fire TV yesterday.  As a streaming TV provider it is presently very weak.  It can't do anything of any consequence that Roku can't do.  I've heard rumors that HBO GO is in the works.  This is something they should work to get done as quickly as possible.  Offering SHOWTIME ANYTIME is a poor substitute.  Especially for those of us whose cable providers don't support SHOWTIME G...I mean ANYTIME.  I do like the interface.  I can also access HBO GO through my Kindle Fire HDX and mirror it on my TV, which is something.  They should also do more to separate games from tv/movie apps.  The games are ok so far, and I got the Game Controller so I have access to several games of all different types but you may need to open this up to outside developers in order to have the kind of services needed to make us forget our Roku boxes.Update 4/7/2014No doubt about it.  Am missing much of Roku content.  Still, I'm impressed by some aspects.  Games are mostly lame.  Tried looking up a movie about artist Frank Frazetta using voice interface, and it was a no go.  After I looked it up the old fashioned way, found I could find it with voice if I put in Painting with Fire.  Frank Frazetta came back with Frank Fries Letters Frank Frozen better.  So voice will probably be limited.  I was able to locate director Jean Rollins by Americanizing his name to Gene Rawlins.  This voice input will be a challenge.
Trying to figure out how to get it to work.  No directions included to make it work with my t.v.  Frustrated.
We have enjoyed the Fire, am planning to go satelite free in the future and this item could come in handy. When we have used it, we enjoyed it.  Haven't had it long enough to tell a whole lot about it, the reason for the 3 stars.
Where is Spotify? Where is YouTube? Where is Slingbox? Where is Amazon mp3 for goodness sakes?! There are some key content apps missing on fireTV. Maybe I missed it, but I didn't see an &#34;app store&#34; where I could go and download / purchase more apps. That implies I have to wait for firmware refreshes, and we all know that is at the whim of the product managers at Amazon.It is otherwise a great OTT box with fast load times. Gaming will definitely differentiate from other boxes out there. I agree with the posts from those with hearing disabilities - should have CC from Day 1.Folks at Amazon rushed this one out the door though, and it should have more content availability, especially now that most home systems are integrated (TV w/ sound system). Voice search needs to be applicable to music and inputting text, not just finding video content.
worked fine at first...now I can't get any movies...what the hells up?
amazon blew this one not as many apps as other streaming players and the voice only works on amazon video not other apps like hulu plus and netflix like i was told....very disappointed with product wouldnt recommend buying this
Fast hardware and smooth controls. However I am deducting 2 stars for transforming into a paper weight if the device does not have an internet connection.
I can't really rate it because it won't work on the TV I bought it for.  This TV doesn't have the port needed to allow the TV Fire to work.  I'll have to return it unless my grandson can use it.
I didn't like the idea that only Amazon is on the voice activation.  Would love it if it would have a free with prime search separate from all searches. And it does cut out more then my wireless blue ray which is right next to this wireless device. But it does work and I wont return so I will give it the 3 stars as its okay mainly because it is easy.
Just got it and have no problems setting it up and running. definitely a much superior media player than Roku and any other out there in the market. But lack of apps, i got more apps on my Sony blue ray dvd player and Roku.
The amount of apps available for this on release is pretty lack-luster.  If they were really serious about it being an open product, they'd allow access to the google play store.  The way things are accessed from the home screen is not as smooth nor as efficient as a Roku 3.  The voice search works well.  If it gives you problems after an update, reboot the device.  I think it will improve, but as of now it only gets 3 stars.
The controller that I ordered with my Amazon fire TV is not working and no directions were sent with the controller.
...to make a good first impression!I ordered Fire TV (against all my lifetime experiences with first day introductions) the day Amazon announced it.  Two days later it arrived on time, well packaged.Configuration of the unit was as advertised and uneventful.  Power-up was where things went south.I never expected a brand-new, just announced, just made available product would have to (apparently) download Encyclopaedia Brittanica, Tolstoy's &#34;War and Peace&#34; and the collected works of Joseph Conrad BEFORE I could even see if the stupid thing worked! (A 40 minute download for a software &#34;update&#34; on a brand new unit? Seriously?)And I was not pleased that it took several jump-starts of plugging and unplugging to finally get all the initial hiccups out.But it does work, and the picture quality and fast buffer are a vast improvement over my previous streaming configuration (Wi-Fi adapter into Blu-Ray  player into our HDTV HDMI port)We've watched movies for the last couple of nights and have been generally pleased.  We bought it for streaming movies and having the option of switching movie vendors (that I didn't have with the Blu-Ray player).  So my observations are limited to movie streaming and don't address (or care) about gaming, music, apps, et. al.My &#34;nits&#34; for Amazon:1. When you deliver the unit, make sure it's firmware is up to date.2. In follow-on models, permit operator direct control of power (provide a power switch).3. In firmware updates, include a search listing  for ALL Prime eligible videos, not just the &#34;Recently Added to Prime&#34; section.4. In firmware updates, restore the &#34;genre search&#34; mode (Action, Drama, Classic, Documentary, etc.)In summary, it does (so far) pretty much what we wanted it to do and allowed me to clean out some of the excess wiring and units required for my old configuration.Having said that, we will be exercising the system thoroughly in the weeks ahead and will not hesitate to return it within the 30 day  clock if it disappoints.
We are thinking of purchasing this item but I have extreme limitations with dexterity.  I can not hold onto the remote someone must set it on my wheelchair tray so that I can poke the buttons with my thumb.  The way this is shaped; with out extensive modification to make it stable; someone else will have to push the buttons for me so that I can speak to do a search.  I like the features of the box and what it comes with but the controller looks like it will be very difficult to use.  The star rating is meaningless for this review as on one count I would give it a 4 or 5 (I want to buy it)  but the controller looks like it would get a 1 or even 0. So I gave it an ok
Agree with the reviews of it being a nice box, but no HBO Go is a deal killer for me.
I bought this device primarily to watch prime member video on my big screen.  Installation was seamless and the picture is great.  Unfortunately they chose to use blue tooth connectivity and that means the remote is not compatible with my Harmony 900 universal remote.  Not the best situation.  It seems as though Amazon could have cut a deal with Apple to add their functionality to Apple TV.  A device I already have.
I bought this to replace a Roku which was outdated so I could watch WWE network, but it turns out this doesn't get the WWE app. as I had read it would. When i asked a rep why I couldn't find the app, he explained that this was a common request but Amazon does not offer the app after all. So this is just another device that I did not really need. Probably works great as advertised but I am wondering why some reviews said it would get the WWE network when it doesn't. ------ confused and disappointed.
I like everything about it, but no HBO GO is a big loss compared to my Roku. Retured it for a new Roku.
It's ok but I cannot get certain apps that I just to get with my roku.  ,,,like the pbs app that I really enjoy
This is awesome spec wise but I really felt they should have included the HDMI pass through. Amazon could have used that to match what your watching to video recommendations and the avg person could have used it so they wouldnt have to swap sources on the tv all the time. Since the logitech box is not made anymore I was really hoping they would have done that,
well, honestly, I can't say much about it because I don't have one.  However,  the advertising for sure impelled me to become a quick believer and buy one, right on the spot. I am thinking, this streamer seems so unique and can offer me huge benefits. This is wonderful. But then, I started to think- how different is this one  from the others, the long list of streamers.  The advertising it is saying it is - may be it  is. I don't know.What about then  the Blue ray Discs/DVD Players?  what are the benefits from getting those instead? At least , they have the option to place a disc and are a lot less than $100, now. But, they are bulky and  can't  play games. The Amazon Fire TV does. you just need to buy the controller and there you have your PS2,3,4...or whatever for a lot less price.Sorry, I am taking your time with my rambling  but I just don't know what to get, yet.
The interface is VERY snappy and easy to follow, but the roku does it better because you can play local files. This (as of release) does not allow playing local MKV files. It has a usb port so why not?  I have a roku 3 and I tried this out and I cannot recommend it over the roku 3.
Amazon should have done something special for Prime members with Fire TV. Should have been more clear about what else would be needed for set up. Initial set up instructions are a bit lacking. Used the one HDMI connection on my TV and disconnected my Google Chromecast to do it. NOW my TV has no sound on the cable source. I had to use the one HDMI connection for my cable box in order to watch linear TV with sound. So now I have no Fire TV and no Chromecast because Fire TV upset the balance and limits my source connections. But initially it worked great including voice (although using the remote for typing is a chore). Looks like I need to start all over to figure this out. Should have waited for a few more folks to vet this out first. Excited about this but... Chromecast was easier and didn't upset the ecosystem of my entertainment sources.
As an Amazon Prime subscriber, I was hoping I'd able to watch ALL of Amazon's content for free on this device, but I was still asked to pay for a lot of movies and TV shows. If I didn't already have a streaming device, the Fire TV would be fine, but I don't get anything new from what I already have.
Had a bedframe that was way too short, these were the cost effective alternative. They raised the bed but could be a little smaller footprint wise
Well... I'm looking at the specs and still trying to understand what really separates this... Why not pay the same price for all the same features AND a blu Ray player?  What am I missing?
I was hoping to move away from the roku.Both I cannot find HBO GO on the channel list.Showtime is there.... I do not subscribe to showtime.Anyway, Game of thrones now shows up as pay episodes.This is a serious mistake.When the wife sees this, it may be going back to Amazon.
1) I found it totally annoying that I was unable to skip through the introduction tour.  I'm a tech guy.  This isn't my first streaming player.  Just let me skip the tour.  I'm not watching it anyway.2) No apparent way to limit the search to just Amazon prime videos unless I go to the Amazon web site.  With all of the available content, I have little interest in purchasing anything beyond what I can watch for free.3) No apparent way (remember I'm a tech guy!) to organize the watch list content.  I'd be happy just to be able to sort it by show title so that all of the Dr. Who would be together, and it wouldn't be so annoying to look for the first season of Fringe.4) No way to attach this to a hotel network that requires you to log in after connecting to a wireless network.  I'd thought that this would make the ultimate box to travel with, as where ever I was in the world I could still watch things that I found interesting.  All I need is an embedded web client that works without having to talk to the Amazon mothership!None of the above are game stoppers, over all I really like the device.
I have a Ps4, and Xbox One, a current gen Apple TV, an ipad air, and an iphone 5sWhat does this give me that I don't already have? My Apple TV can stream anything I want. I can open amazon video on my ipad and airplay to my tv via my apple TV... EVERYTHING this box does, I can already doI guess it'd be useful for:people who don't have an xbox or a playstation (cuz if you do, you can play all the games this thing can and watch all the video stuff this thing can)The only reason I have an apple TV is that an apple TV required to play back apple protected content... however, you can get around this issue with amazon with airplay. So you don't need anything amazon to watch amazon video on your TV using pure apple devices.... and since an Xbox or PS can play amazon video... I come back to.. what's the point of this device?... only answer: unless you don't have a gaming console, and don't have apple content to play
it's advertised that you get a lot more TV stations and movies for free then you actually do basically you're paying $100 so you can watch Netflix and Hulu and pay for movies that you guys provide and that's pretty much it very disappointed if I could take it back I would
I will not be making a purchase of this product until Spotify is available.  How can you launch a product like this without one of the largest music services? Blows my mind
UPDATE TO THIS REVIEW:After the review below, I contacted Amazon. Apparently, they are releasing an update this spring that will allow you to search Prime content by genre and a couple of other ways to search Prime. So, I'm still on the fence.Original review below:I bought the Fire TV in order to watch content that I already pay for as an Amazon Prime member. It SUCKS for that purpose. There is no way to separate Prime searches from searches of on demand paid content. So you have to sort through about 25 pay option for every little nugget of Prime. I'll quote one of the other reviews:"I only have one gripe. As far as I can tell, there's no way to limit the list of movies and tv shows to what is available for Amazon Prime members. This makes it very inconvenient to find things that are free to watch. There are some categories that are limited to Prime (Most Popular on Prime, For Kids on Prime) I want to be able to just see what's available for Prime or at least be able to see by category what's available for Prime. I'm sure this isn't an oversight. I suspect Amazon wants to force us to look at everything and be tempted to buy/rent things but if they really want to compete with Netflix, they'll understand that we pay for our Prime membership to be able to watch free movies conveniently. A workaround is to do your searching on the web and then search specifically on the device."
Not available to vuduWould be amazind if applications on the smartphones or other tablets are availiable to mirror other devices to the TV
i would have bought it if it had hbo go, but it didn't. too bad. maybe in the future they will add it.
I only have satellite internet where I live, and I need to make use of specific hours of the day (12am to 5am) to download my content.  I need a box with storage and the ability to schedule when content is downloaded...
I AM RECENT CORD CUTTER AND TRYING TO DEVELOP MY MEDIA CENTER . I HAVE GOTTEN ROKU 3 (SPECTACULAR) ZAAP TV ( GREAT ) AND DIGITAL TUNER BOXES WITH BUILT N DVR CAPACITIES.WELL HAVING LEARNED  AND USED ALL THESE , I WOULD LOVE TO BUY AMAZON FIRE TV BUT I WANT IT TO HAVE A BUILT IN DIGITAL TUNER , DVR CAPACITIES
I'm not one to normally post about an item I don't use. But another Box to attach to you TV - Please.OK, so besides the games, what's the game changer ?If you have Prime you should get this free or 50% off the price.There is too many box's doing similar or the same out there.
My kindle fire HDX download digital books and app with no problems,But when I try to purchase and download MUSIC,I am toldthat where I live (TRINIDAD and TOBAGO) my country is not within the ZONE and the downloading will not be executed. As suchI am wondering if the Amazon Fire TV will work re the ZONE matter.Edward.
I can Browser the net, with Chrome google, Explorer or Firefox, Like Google TV? or not? wait for you response!
If I see HBOGo come on the list for apps I will purchase this device. Looks like a nifty device.
After spending one evening with Fire TV, I have the following opinions:What I like:  1) very quick and responsive device and 2) voice searching is quick and works wellWhat I don't like:  1) no subtitle/closed caption for movies 2) Amazon Prime videos are not in a category by themselves 3) voice searching seems to be usable only for Amazon's videos 3) Netflix app has very unfriendly user feel (e.g., hard to find where to search for movies and voice searching does NOT work with Netflix videos 4) TuneIn Radio app's searching interface is not intuitive and is confusing.I have the first gen. Apple TV and Roku streaming device.  I also have Sony PS3 game console and a Panasonic Blu-ray DVD play that also can play Netflix videos, etc.  Fire TV is a lot faster than the other older streaming devices.I'll update my review when we receive gamer controllers.
Amazon usually sells really great products, however I am a little disappointed with the Fire TV. I purchased the Amazon product from a local store so I am not sure if buying it from Amazon directly would have made a difference in the quality of the product. I own a televison that does not have the Amazon App installed so I could not stream Prime Movies or TV. The Fire works perfect for using Prime (movies, games, TV, etc.) but the voice command on the Fire TV is horrible! If you have seen the commercial with Gary Busey screaming at the remote (and he can't get it to work) you pretty much have a visual of what I am talking about. I gave the Amazon Fire TV a three rating because of the voice command feature, otherwise the product works great.
Arrived fast, installed quickly and pretty painless adding it to my smart phones and computers. The voice activated thing is OK but not the reason why I bought it. After talking to Netfilx and Amazon, neither were able to explain why I can connect to everything else but not Netflix. It's small and could be made very portable. It's better than Chromecast with the remote.Still testing the waters and not unhappy at all, I just think more updates are in order.
Been a Roku user for years and I guess I miss my old menu.The Amazon has many good features (as advertised) so the 3 stars is not because of what it does well, its what it can't do that the Roku can.1. Choice of "Other" channels is VERY VERY LIMITED and THAT really leaves me regretting the purchase! Oh you can get Netflix (got it) but with Roku there are Hundreds of other channels to tune in - The Amazon Fire has 6 categories: Entertainment has 42 choices (Seems good) many are stupid things like fish tanks, fire places, and rainy day screen - Sad really,  finance has 6 choices, Games/Music 6 each, News/Magazines total 6 and Sports has 6 choices - and most stuff is not free, not even a Weather station. Their arrogance to think we are satisfied watching only their channel is obvious.2. To get anything other than Amazon you actually "Download" the station/game/app into the Amazon Box *hence the 500 gig commercial for Amazon's Fire TV. humm that means it can get full - Roku does not "get full"3. The Menus are oddly grouped and separated: My watchlist has TV and Movies all in the same list THAT IS REALLY ANNOYING! In Roku TV is separate from Movies making it that much faster and easier to browse. There is a TV section that has a Subsection called: My TV but the TV shows I put in my "Watch List" don't show-up there. IT's just odd - it's NOT conducive to user friendliness.4. You can't see "All Prime" (you can in Roku) You can't break the Prime movies into genera, if you go to "Movies > then "Genres" section you can see only movie titles of that type however only 1 or 2 and some No Prime movies will be listed ONLY movies to BUY - greedy, very very greedy! And, each genre only has 140/150 choices - doesn't that seem a bit weak considering they have tens of Thousands of titles?5. WHAT is Gooda. The microphone works perfect - you just need to know what you want already - DOES not follow commands like "Browse Action movies in Prime" or "My  TV watchlist" or "Go to Netflix"  Now that would be something to write home about. Finding a movie title is no big deal my "Dictionary" app on my phone can find any word and define it in a couple seconds too.b. because it is an Amazon product it has a "Photo" choice in the main menu: any Pic uploaded to amazon cloud via ipad or a-like device, *Kindle Fire is automatically connected, can be viewed on your TVc. IT STREAMS THE MOVIES in Excellent fashion - no complaints there, very nice quality HD is awesome I have a Sony Bravia 47" 720/1080i TV)d. The Box is very Small (cool) - but it gets HOT (scary) - where's the ventilation (weird) - makes me worrye.  ScreenSaver images show up if movie is paused or just sitting stagnant in menus too long - The photos are amazingly beautiful... and new ones keep showing up - I've actually just sat and watched them scroll by zooming and panning as they go - WHERE's the setting to make it do that on command? and stay there?????? IT fades to black after 5 minutesf. Games - Yup it has games - really just another revenue stream for Amazon, Most games have fees and will force you to buy their game controler - there are a few that your remote can control and are free So its not a complete disappointment. I will never buy a game controller so I can't comment on the quality of any thing except the free game I downloaded - Its fun and addictive Yup its a game.2 StarsQuality Workmanship (1) Streaming Movies (2 & 3)  humm I can't find a 3rd reason to giveForm & Function (No),  Price (No - new Roku is same),  Works as Advertized (No)
can't use it.  Internet service (Hughes Net)  too slow
Easy instalation, great performance. Somehow I miss amazon recommendation to help me find content. Still, very &#34;internet&#34; / app oriented... It suppose to be TV (leanback mode)
Everything that offers, TV, movies, etc. you have to subscribe to services like  Netflix, so if you already have Netflix, basically there is little use for it. Can't access facebook, the downloading of apps is restricted, it will not give you the access to all the apps created.It froze the second time I used it, disconnected the unit and nothing, had to leave it alone and the next day was working again. I've had a better experience with a borrowed iTV from apple.
Feels just like Apple TV, Roku, Xbox--they all seem to offer the same stuff. Good price, easy to use but again nothing special
Fire TV is my fourth try at a streaming device. Obviously if I'm on my third one the first two had problems.Try 1: Smart DVD Player - closed captions don't work with streaming, interface is clunky and slow.Try 2: Google Chrome - doesn't work with Amazon Prime.Try 3: Roku Streaming Stick - worked great at first, closed captions, Prime and Netflix work. After two weeks Netflix freezes the system.Try 4: Fire TV - No closed captions on Prime. No way to restart system without unplugging.I'm trying to decide if I should keep both the Roku and the Fire so I can have a combination of Netflix and Prime, but it seems silly that I should need two devices that do the same thing.Another detraction from both the Fire and Roku is that they need external power. A plus for the Chrome was that it drew power from the TV. Neither have a restart button either which would be helpful for network freezes.I have done trouble shooting for all devices and can't get the above problems fixed.I suppose I will wait for the next streaming device to be released and hope that it actually does what it is supposed to.
Great product. Definitely fastest in the market.We need more apps. I got this device hoping I could put MLB.tv and various other services on it. I read that these would be provided 'eventually' and made the poor decision in thinking that, since they were mentioned, they would be completed relatively soon. I've yet to see any progress on the Fire TV app store.
I am a huge Amazon fan and have been a Prime subscriber for years (and will stay for the $99 a year rate increase).  I ordered the Fire TV on the first day it was launched and there were 0 reviews.  Now 2 days later, there are over 500 reviews!  The reviews are &#34;excellent&#34; and cover most pros and cons of the product.  My review is strictly about the Parent Control Software.  I also own the 1st generation 8.9&#34; Kindle Fire HD, which my kids are always using to watch Prime Instant Videos, so I thought I get the new Fire TV for their TV in the office and I can get my Kindle HD back (they also borrow my Nexus 7).  Set up of the FIre TV was simple and easy along with the quick software update (via my 30mg cable wifi, I suspect some of the issues other reviewers had were related to their slower wifi connection, streaming HD video requires a minimum of 15mgs).  Anyway, I turned on the Parental Control in Settings (put in my passcode) so my kids can't order a bunch of paid programming (also turned off 1 click buying on my Kindle HD), which I thought was a great feature of the Fire TV for my intended use.  At first when I the visited the Home screen, I saw basically a bunch of paid content displayed but figured out how to get the Prime content to show.  Just do either a text or voice search via the remote and then select &#34;Prime Instant Videos&#34;, now the Prime Video content is displayed.  However, every free Prime Video show / movie I selected (test run), it required my passcode to watch it.  That defeats the purpose of limiting my kids (7 & 12 year olds) to watch only the free programming if they need my passcode for each video viewing.  They are smart computer literate kids who will figure out to how to go to Settings to enter the same passcode to turn off Parental Control.  I believe I understood the Parental Control instructions, which basically stated Parental Control will limit / stop your children from ordering paid programming.  A parent can't be expected to be present for all of the short Prime Videos viewing (Sponge Bob SP is a favorite) and then have to tell the kids to close their eyes while the parent enters the passcode for the next viewing.  I do realize this is a brand new 1st gen product and some bugs need to be worked out.  Thank you Amazon for providing a firmware fix ASAP so I can start using it for the kids - then I will bump my review to 4 stars.  I guess I have 30 days to return it if I am dissatisfied.
I am pleased with the remote control, it is small and simple to operate. I have learned how to do searches that give good end results after trial and error. The voice search is effective if you ask the right questions. My only disappointment is that there are so many aps or movies etc. that have a fee. I wish there was more free entertainment available with the prime membership.All in all, it is a good product.
I bought this to replace a Roku 2.Pros:- Very nice design and the remote feels solid in hand.- Ease of use- Image qualityCons:- Lighting fluctuates while watching Prime shows- No HBO GO- Showtime Anytime does not include DirecTV- Locked down USB port means that you can't play any local media (something the Roku 2 can do)- No clear definition of &#34;Prime Included&#34; library so it makes it difficult to find.All in all, it seems to me that Amazon jumped the gun on releasing this product before they had key deals in place that would make this a true contender.I LOVE Amazon and will continue to support them with my Prime membership but this only reminds me why I skipped buying the Kindle Fire Tablet.
I can't log in.  It does not bring up a keyboard on the screen to log in.  I went to Amazon help and could not find an answer to this or any procedure to go through.  One day I will spend more timeon this.  I can connect to Netflix direct via the TV set now, so have been using this connection besides HBO, etc.
I decided to try the Amazon Fire TV becasue Amazon offered a free 30 day trial.  I currently own a Roku XD and WD TV Live.  The Roku is the best device I've tried (haven't tried Apple TV so I can't speak to it) an the only reason I own a WD TV Live is it can access local Windows shares to grab content off of a PC instead of having to use PLEX or some other similar device.  Anyway on to the Amazon Fire TV:There is nothing wrong with the device it's just not as good as the Roku I have so I feel safe in assuming it will not match up with the newer Roku 3.  It will not access local network shares so it doesn't have the functionality I'm looking for to replace the WD TV Live.As far as how it differs from the Roku, the interfaces are less user friendly.  Although the content as far as TV, movies, included in prime or pay are broken out it's not as easy to deal with as it is with the Roku Amazon app (I realize I may just be resistent to change but it's far easier to stay in the Included in Prime world without accidentally leaving on the Roku then it is on the Amazon Fire TV).  This I could get over if there were other features making it better then the Roku.Amazon is trying to differentiate this from the Roku and other like devices based on the voice search.  The big problem here is it only searches Amazon Prime content.  The Roku on the other hand, although not voice activated, will search all available streaming sites it knows about for the content you are looking for and clearly identify where you can find it.  The Amazon Fire TV's search missed the mark even farther when it returned a show I searched for and reported it would cost $1.99 to watch when the show was actually included with Amazon Prime.  All in all, unless you really like talking to your appliances the voice search feature is subpar.  It hears you just fine and picks up the words you say great but the results it returns are limited and somewhat flawed.I won't comment on games because I didn't try that portion out.  There are plenty of other better devices to game on and I thought it was silly when the Roku started promoting it could play games too.I will give the device 3 stars because it does what they claim and works OK.  However if you are going to spend $99 on a streaming device I would go with the Roku 3.  It has significantly more channels (though this really doesn't matter because most would only appeal to a very small subset of users) and it's remote comes with a headphone jack instead of a microphone.  If you have kids or other house mates that go to bed before you this is much more useful then being able to talk to your tv.All in all I have to say I was disappointed not to like this device.  Hopefully in a few updates they can fix the Amazon Prime interface and add other features to allow them to compete with the Roku, or go the other way and keep it as is and drop the price in half.
If you are new to streaming, and you just want to stream amazon prime or netflix items, this is perfect for you.  If you have a roku or other device you will be very underwelmed.1. No amazon music app, Really they say it is coming I have it on my roku??????2.  A very limited number of other apps.3.  A very small amount of games, and most do not work or work correctly on the fire tv.4.  the voice search works well, but because it only works on amazon, most of the time I forget it is their.5.  No kindle app?? Audio books?I love amazon,  I do 90% of my shoping with them, and rave to my friends about the service. I am sorry to say this is the first time I regret ordering something with the amazon name on it.
I got this since I have been a prime member for years and figured it might be worthwhile and possibly even allow us to cut the cable completely.  It has many nice features, but does not stand out.The good:- Very nice looking.- Construction seems solid.- Came already setup to my Amazon account.The bad- Interface is not that great.  Functional, but nothing outstanding.- Voice search is nice, but only finds Amazon stuff with no way to limit it to Prime (free) items.- Voice search will not look through Netflix or other sources.I had great hopes for this when I got it, but it seems quite similar to the Roku 3 HD I already have.  I would not buy it again, though I will give it another shot with the controller that just came in the mail.  I don't expect the game play to have a significant impact on the score here.  It is rather meh overall.Failure to provide searching for free content across providers is understandable, but means it is not really worth purchasing.  I am still giving in 3 stars since it is quite functional, compact and nice to look at, but it did not have the functionality I expected.
I have Amazon Prime and purchased this to take advantage of the movies on my HDTV.I was disappointed that it was only a content provider and I could not access the Internet.I noticed the new Fire HDX can do that. I just purchased my Kindle Fire HD and I don't want to spend $219 for the HDX.I resented the fact that I had to pay to watch the same shows on HGTV that I can watch free on the Internet.In particular, We enjoy watching shows on HGTV, in particular, the Property Brothers.I paid $3.50 to watch a segment on Fire TV that I could have watched for free on HGTV on the Internet.Perhaps, for the money, I would have been better off buying a Laptop and plugging it into my TV.
I just received my Fire TV, I ve been playing and downloading games for my children, in that sense its great! But the huge problem is that when I tryed to access Amazon Instant Video I receive a message telling me that it has geographical restrictions (Im outside US), so I can download movies and shows only from Netflix, and have no access to You Tube, (it should be possible, since there is a lot of content in You Tube to entertain. So basically I can only buy and download games. watch crackle (that I dont know why only offer me 13 movies to watch when I connect trough Fire TV, and a lot if I use my home computer). I will keep it hoping to get something more in the future but, Im dissapointed because Im not able to use Prime in my location.
I like the small design and the voice remote.  But the  all the other apps and station's are too pricey for me.  I didn't do any research before I made my purchase.
I love the speed but they need to make it easier to turn off apps and an option to turn fire tv off. It stayed on for an hour after i turned off the tv because an app was on.  Also amazon you have to have vudu on fire tv, flixsters non hd playback is a deal breaker if i had knowledge of this i would have bought roku.
I'm trying to cut the cable cord as far as TV watching goes; the free apps are for older  or very different shows...to see any new things you have to buy a service (like hulu plus,netflix,etc.) I was hoping for something I could get NBC,ABC, etc, or regular Hulu. On the plus side the picture is great, shows load very quickly without annoying buffering and the apps that are free do have a lot of content. The instructions for use are very limited other than connect it, turn it on and let it go. Hoping with added channels it proves to be worth the expense, but not ready to cut the cable cord with this device at this time.
Initially it seems easy to use, but. let's be real - what is it that we don't like.  1.  movies are easier to locate on a kindle then use voice command ( which works great) to add movies to your Watch a List .2.  the movies you would like to watch with Prime for free turn out to be most are avail only for an add'l fee.  3.I thought we could listen to music already purchased on Amazon Cloud - you can't.  4.  Often when watching Direct TV, the TV will go to the Fire TV screen - a real nuisance .  After using for a. weekend, I haven't bothered with it.  My main reason for purchasing was for movies and music -
I picked mine up from Best Buy because I didn't want to wait the extra days for shipping.I have been playing with it for three days now and I am impressed how fast it is. Everything opens in an instant. Voice search works really well. Picture quality from Netflix and Amazon Prime Video is very good. I can't tell a difference from my other devices.Plex app works well is a very nice feature to have for us that use it sometimes.Today I installed a custom XBMC Frodo and it's working okay. It doesn't do the HD Audio formats but the final realease of 13.0 Gotham is supposed to have hardware acceleration for Android and it should do HD Audio. It does pass thru the legacy DTS and Dolby Digital formats. You need a wired connection to play full blu-ray rips.One thing that is disappointing is the lack of apps. There is only a few of them. Amazon should have included more apps for those people that are going to keep this device in stock form.You can side load apps that are not available in the app store but is a pain in the neck process if you use a Windows based PC or device. You have to go through so many steps and downloads.If you have an Android device then it's pretty easy. I used my Samsung Galaxy S4 phone to install XBMC in the Fire TV.I give this 3.5 out of 5 stars right now but only because of the ability to sideload apps and the good hardware. Otherwise I would have given it a two star rating.I will update this review as more stuff is added in the future and the functionality of XBMC once the full stable release of 13.0 Gotham gets here.*update 4/19*I took one star off because in its current state, does not do anything more than the other boxes do (don't care about games). I also discovered that the ethernet port is not a gigabit port. This is a major disappointment for me.
I REALLY wanted to like this player. I've been waiting for a streaming box to rule them all.... I'm still waiting. If you only use Amazon for your streaming needs, this box is for you. If you use Plex, Netflix, Hulu and others, you may want to keep looking. The Amazon stuff works amazing, everything else is still a little sketchy. I returned it.I've owned two AppleTVs, 2 WDTVs, and a few other streamers... still waiting on the one to rule them all.
I received the Amazon Fire TV and set it up pretty easily. The small footprint is nice and I like the way that if your an Amazon Prime member that it is already set up for you. Now the thing I do not like is the lack of applications. I am sure they are coming soon but Amazon does not have all the EpixHD movies just some of them.. I do not think EpixHD will come out with an app for Amazon mainly because they already have an agreement in place.
I recently purchased the Amazon fire TV to replace my Logitech Google TV. I am unimpressed. The system works OK much like other units out there, roku, DVD players, smart TVs and the like. Don't think that a lot of thought was given to the unit to be complete solution.I ordered a game controller and will see if it is worth it as a gaming system.My advice is not to buy it yet. Wait to see what kind of apps are developed for it and if amazon will additional features such as a keyboard and webcam.
It does the trick for Netflix and Amazon Prime, but I would like to have more choices much like Apple TV. The gaming option is ok, but too many add ons get pricey. If I had to do it all over again, I would have gotten a second AppleTV.
I tried it for few days and then returned it as it doesn't have what I wanted, keeping in mind that I have Logitech Review (Google TV)Lets start with pros first:1. Voice search is really good.2. easy to setup.3. Easy to operate.Cons, reasons due to which I returned them back:1. There is no browser (really a big down for me)2. There is no key board, even though it has very good voice search but keyboard is keyboard and voice search can not beat. Specifically like login to any account (userid/pwd), setting up the system, etc it really gets frustrating.3. Not good support for DLNA/Network media play.4. Limited apps
It runs so much faster then the other two. The only thing I notice well you are watching a show it freezes a lot. So amazon if you can work on that. And also when you voice search it should search Netflix and Hulu to not just your stuff. Because I still buy a lot of movies from you. So don't be so greedy.
It's a neat little box. The voice search is a cool idea, and works great. I have a problem with the sound. Using a HDMI cable for both sound and picture, I get this horrible feedback. So I used an optical cable for sound and the feedback issues went away. I'm also not impressed with their selection of apps. I need Spotify and Vudu. Those two apps are where my music and movies are. Roku has them and pretty much every other device has them. I'm making use of the 30 day free trail Amazon offered Prime Members. I'm not sure yet if I'll keep it.
its like having the netflix or any other online video streaming service but its one time other you pay monthly subscription
I've been playing around with this for the past 3 days and, for the most part, I like it.Coming from a Roku XDS, it's amazing just how fast the hardware is. The UI is fast. Every app, including YouTube, runs like butter. No weird crashes or lock ups. BUT, it has one thing that none of Roku's or the VIZIO Co-Star ever had; it &#34;blinks&#34; every 7-10 seconds no matter what I do.  I'm going to try a new HMDI cable tomorrow, which I shouldn't have to do, since all of my other devices work just fine with the existing cable.  If the new cable does the trick, then I'll update this review.  If it doesn't then they are both going back to Amazon.
I was fortunate to receive this Amazon Fire TV through a special 30 day trial offered by Amazon.  The box and remote look and feel great.  I was very excited to try it in our home.  We are heavy Roku and Plex users.  First thing I did was to purchase the Plex app through the Amazon Fire TV's app store.  I will not review the Plex app here, since its not a product developed by Amazon, but I can say that it worked fairly well, most of the time.  The Plex app seemed to cause the Fire TV to lock up at least 2-3 per week, and the only way to resolve the issue was to unplug power from the Fire TV and plug it back in.  The voice control on the remote was cool, but it was not something I used at all.  Voice control did not work within the Plex app.  In my household we are also Harmony remote users.  I was disappointed that I was unable to get my Harmony 650 to be able to control the Fire TV.  Overall, I think the Fire TV is ok, but it just did not fit my household needs.  Thank you Amazon for allowing me to test your box, maybe future updates will resolve the issues I had.
I was offered the chance to try out Amazon Fire for 30 days, cost free. After 30 days, I returned it to Amazon. The interface is a breeze to use and I loved the simplicity of setting up Amazon Fire. Also, the remote and the voice control are great. BUT... the streaming quality was not the best. I get a better picture for Amazon Prime through my Blu-ray player, and the quality of Netflix was worse than a VCR. I'm sure these problems will be resolved soon, at which point I may consider buying Amazon Fire. Until then, I'll stick with my Blu-ray player.
My rating would go all the way up to 5 stars if it were easy to browse Prime content only.  I have the same issue with ROKU.  I've been a Prime member for years and consider it a great service, but the confused mixing of Prime content with paid content borders on bait and switch.
My wife wanted this for the voice search feature. Turns out the voice search only works on Amazon. If you're in Netflix, for example, and conduct a voice search, you're redirected to Amazon. However, it's a huge improvement for searching compared to the normal Amazon search function, which is poor. I haven't done any objective testing, but subjectively, the streaming function does seem to work better through this device than through the blu-ray players we've been using for streaming video: it seemed smoother and faster (based on the consistently high resolution stream).
Nice design, slim profile, blue tooth remote works well.  The voice search is nice but it only returns Amazaon listings which is a HUGE dissappointment.  I like the overall interface for Amazon streaming, with some noteable execeptions, one of which is there does seem to be a a rather overt attempt at getting you to spend more money than you need to by only displaying HD rental prices upfront.  If you want to rent in SD for a dollar or two less you have to navigate your way to &#34;More Ways to Watch&#34;  which is irritating.  Nice recommendations for programming based on your watching and others who watch similar programs.  The interface for Netflix is not so great - very small title icons - illegible, really.  Netflx is also defaulted to an autoplay mode for episodes which (on my set) loads the programs in a bad aspect ratio that cannot be adjusted, so all the text graphics are half off the screen.  There's no issue like this playing each episode from the main menu.  The programs do load quickly as stated.  Overall, a bit a buyers remorse but not enough to return or sell it off right away, but I'm not ditching the Roku box yet, I'll see how the software upgrades go for a bit.
no DNLA, fail, menu are confusing, locked to amazon, unless you do 10 more steps on every selection..voice search, useless..games.. :( need a lot of work, has promise.
No lie -- this is a really neat product.  As others have stated, I found that the microphone/voice search feature works really well.  Navigating through the menus is intuitive & does not require reading a lengthy manual.  Amazon has a decent selection of TV shows & movies from being a prime member however I would look at this device as being a platform for the participating companies (& of course Amazon) to make & have you spend more money.This can be both good & bad -- good in the sense that consumers do not have to pay for features/add-ons that they do not want or need but bad in that it is easy to be 'nickel & dime'd' and not realize how much you're actually spending.  Most, if not all of the participating partners require a paid subscription in order to utilize their service on this device -- netflix, espn, hulu plus, etc., which don't get me wrong, is perfectly understandable.  But a lot of effort has NOT been put forth in making that known to the consumer.. or at least not when I purchased the unit.So I guess that makes me either a sucker or someone who likes to try out new technologies.. or both.  At any rate, I still watch broadcast TV most of the time & will say this is a nice thing to have available when nothing good is on TV.  I will keep it & say it is a cool product... I just wouldn't rush out to buy it b/c I feel reasonably certain that they will be coming out with a new & improved version & this one will be all over amazon & craigslist for $25!
Not surprisingly Amazon has optimized the user experience and speed for their own video offerings, so if your primary source for this type of entertainment is Amazon Prime, this is what you want.  But be aware there are some things missing - Amazon Cloud Player for example, but Roku does have this.  And some things seem arbitrarily speed limited - Netflix never seems to be able to stream HD over this device, but is almost always HD on our 3 Roku boxes.  So, unless you are always and forever an Amazon Prime only member, I recommend Roku over Amazon Fire TV.
not too impressed with your device. you dont keep up with your prime members watchlist and try to charge for free videos. gonna keep it one more day and if i cant rectify this its coming back.
OK, I got sold on this by watching Gary Busey talk to the box. The ad needs a printed disclaimer that the voice does not work on all searchable media. It was the first thing I tried when I powered it up and it came live after the lengthy update process. Tried a half dozen voice searches, worked flawlessly. I am excited. I popped over to YouTube, as voice search there was something I wanted badly, and it is gonna be awesome...or not. YouTube did not recognize voice and I was back to hunt and peck remote, or use my phone or tablet to type...but no voice search. Undaunted, I installed both Hulu Plus and Netflix and logged in to both. Voice search still just for Amazon content...I am officially pissed off, and I feel lied to. I was perfectly happy with my Apple TV, and your promise of the voice search made me order it. The interface and streaming performance speed and reliability are better on my Apple TV, the only thing I like is your remote being bluetooth. Also having a power brick when the smaller Apple TV did not is a clumsy step backwards.Apple TV offers me better performance, and complete integration with all Apple devices in the house. Airplay allows one button to play content from iPhone, iPad or Mac to a designated Apple TV.Bottom line Amazon, if you tell me that voice search will soon work with YouTube and Hulu and Netflix, I will wait, as it is a very slick and accurate feature on your material. If your answer is no, I am sending it back.
Pros:  fast, great design, flawless video.Cons: Lack of apps.  HBOGO and MAXGO are 2 apps i use on a regular basis and not available here.  When it comes to apps its very immature and not even in the same LEAGUE as Roku.  Voice is a nice gadget but only focused on Amazon.  Amazon: here's a hint, not every movement on this appliance should be geared to spending money on Amazon!Bottom line: def not worth rushing out to purchase.  Once they boost their apps and it becomes more mature I would purchase.  No value for being an early adopter .
Put this through it's paces with my friend who purchased it.  Smooth clean interface, very responsive and no playback lag.  If only it had the ability to play my content it would replace my aging Media Center PC.Not being able to play our home movies and pics makes it a no go though.  Hopefully Amazon will correct this deficiency soon.
The box is super easy to configure, the video quality is excellent and very fast.  The search recommendations are a little limited.  It seems too hard to get to Netflix.
The only dissapointing thing is that I cannot download Apps to my Amazon Fire TV such as Drama Fever.  MBC is okay and so is Hulu Plus except that you have to pay a monthly membership which I do not want to do since I pay for Drama Fever.
The picture quality is great and plays high definition media well.  My biggest letdown is that it is currently not capable of passing through high definition audio such as DTS-MSTR or TRUE-HD.
The setup was freaky easy. Since I ordered it via my Amazon account it was already registered to me, so no logging in by hunting and pecking to type in userid and password. Searching for a TV/Movie was super cool using the voice activated search. I would give it 5 stars except for the picture quality. I tried watching one of my fav TV shows ... not HD quality. I then installed the Netflix app and tried watching another one of my favs. The quality was not HD as I had expected. I then switched over to Apple TV and watched the same program ... beautiful HD! So...... Amazon, please address the picture quality.
Thinking that Amazon would approach the streaming TV / Video market with the same disruptive panache as when they introduced the first Kindle - light years ahead of the competition - and when they first introduced &#34;Prime&#34;  I jumped early and bought the Amazon Fire TV unit. It simply is not a very good product in its current incarnation.  Klunky search capacity is quite limited, voice search is neat but I'd rather have a substantive search across all available platforms than the IntraMural search that lands you at the feet of Amazon Sales, rather than a free source for the same video (Netflix, etc).  The apps are extremely limited and if you are an NFL or MLB fan...forget about it. Nothing other than &#34;MLB at bat&#34; which i can use on my IPhone with less hassle and why would I sit and watch it on the big screen? MLB TV is an alleged promised carrot but why wasn't it available at launch? For a group that did their other disruptive forays quite well - this is a miss (as it stands). Makes one wonder why they rushed to market. Roku is broader and better. Fire TV may never catch up at this pace.  I wouldn't spend the money again until they proved they'd actually put together that unique market disrupting package that their loyal sycophants deserve for $99.
This box did exactly what is advertised.  However, voice search only works for Amazon content.  So, if you are in Netflix and do voice search, it takes you out of Netflix and back to Amazon.  We did not like this.  Ease of use was okay, not great.  We have an older Roku system that works better for us in all the channels we watch.  We are not gamers so this aspect of the fire tv was not important.We used the system about 2 1/2 weeks just to give it all a fair chance.  We sent back Fire TV and using Roku again and much happier.Amazon is great for customer service and returns. Give them five stars
This is is just written as a word to the already wise.  AMAZON FIRE TV requres a direct HDMI connection from the unit to the TV. Previously I had been enjoying a hookup with my Kindle Fire HD to my older HD TV. I was using a HDMI2AV converter from my Kindle Fire( which required a Mini HDMI  connection). The converter to the  red/white/yellow  input required by my TV worked great, Great picture.. Movies looked great. Sounded Good.  I ordered the Amazon Fire TV unit thinking I would use a similar converter connection to my TV. Just received it and the setup did not work. Called  Amazon Help about it  and they told me that although adaptors work great  for that type of connection with the Kindle Fire HD, it Does Not work for the FIRE TV.  I do not have issues with the Fire TV, just wanted to send out a warning to save someone from having to return like I will.
Tired of constantly removing crappy recommended movies from the lists, same old crap keeps coming back.I am not likely to buy or rent instant videos anymore, I'll just use it for other purposes.
Voice search is fun and accurate. We have used it everyday since we purchased it so it is cool. When we search for things it all costs money. Gone in 60 seconds a 14 year old movie is 2.99 SD 3.99 HD. Kind of a slap in the face when we pay for prime membership, pay for Hulu, pay for cable TV. So primarily we are looking for free not pay. Search for shows that we watch for free on cable TV and they want 2.99 an episode. We were not expecting so much pay per view.
We bought the Fire TV to more easily watch Amazon content on our HDTV.  Until now, we've been hooking up our laptop to the TV and suffering with clunky cords, lousy volume control, forgetting to shut off the laptop screensaver, etc.  The Fire TV makes watching streaming videos from Amazon a breeze.  We definitely enjoy the voice-search technology and it works very well.  Navigating the Fire TV device overall is very intuitive.  Set-up was a snap.On the downside, the content is somewhat lacking; we are looking forward to the HBO offerings at the end of this month. My kids are disappointed that the games they have on their Kindle Fires cannot be played on the TV without purchasing the extra game controller.  The streaming music feature and photo-viewing is nothing fancy; I've been able to do that perfectly well on our laptop, phones and tablets.Overall, it makes additional content available to us for viewing on our TV -- as opposed to a smaller screen -- which is nice when we want it.  I believe in the three weeks we've owned the Fire TV we've used it twice.
We own this and an Apple TV. I wanted to step outside our usual Apple environment, so know My preconceptions of a set top box come from Apple.The menus are a little awkward at first, but not too bad. The settings menu is oddly useless and unintuitive.The biggest problem is that it is obviously set up to try and dupe people into buying Amazon content. There is NO way to keep paid content separate from &#34;free for prime members&#34; content in their videos. This has me considering dropping the product entirely. I don't like having to triple check that I am not about to buy something every time I want to watch something, and I shouldn't have to populate my watchlist from a computer to be &#34;safe.&#34; It should be separate, period.Even things marked prime make you wonder, especially if you have parental controls on (which requires password entry for pretty much everything).The availability of apps and the selection of videos on prime are good, and the design of the unit and remote are good; however, it gets dinged two stars for the obvious trap of buying content when you didn't want it.
Works fine as did Roku - maybe it just me, but raising your cost of rentals seems to offset the value. Prime seems to only have old, old movies and TV series, for the most part.
After playing around with the Fire TV for a few weeks I have to say it does great with video streaming. However the lack of storage becomes evident once you install a few of the games that will work with the game controller. These games are too large for the limited amount of space given to you. Once again a company misleads consumers with a stated HD space that is no where near what is stated after they install all their bloat ware! If amazon adds support for adding more memory via the USB I will def add another star.
Disappointed that MLB TV is not an app on Amazon Fire TV.  I have used Roku for years because I live in the middle of Wisconsin and cannot get other teams than the Brewers on Dish TV.When will MLB TV be an app available for Fire?  If this will not change soon, I'll be returning Fire and continue to use Roku.
Easy to set up, easy to use. It needs HBO Go. It could at least have a web browser option, so that I can access it without having to hook my laptop back up to the tv. I'd give it five stars in a heartbeat, but I'm not paying extra to watch Game of Thrones when HBO Go is an option. Add that, and I'll change my review.
I bought this thinking I would be ahead of the technology curve.  Not so.  Difficult for me to figure out how to install it.  I was also going to use this in place of Comcast but really limited choices.  Too lazy to return it but will use it for Amazon prime selections.
I got my Fire TV yesterday; setup was a breeze, nice instructional, animated setup video (for the 2 minutes of it that I watched). Simple, standard connecting to house WIFI, absolutely no issues.Big downer when started browsing app options. While they do have ShowTime Anytime app, there was no HBO Go (what the heck!). And then, as Sting sung, a humiliating kick in the crotch, when I attempted to login to the ShowTime Anytime app, they only have a small selection of cable providers and Directv is **not** one of them. So, I can't even use the ShowTime Anytime app and will have to continue watching those shoes on my laptop computer. Bummer!On the up side, when I watched an episode of "House of Cards", I used the fast forward and rewind options on the remote. YES !! This is the best interface I've seen: 3 speeds and it shows not only thumbnails of the current frame, but both previous and upcoming thumbnails too. Kind of hard to describe but an awesome, intuitive and very effective FF/REW interface.Once HBO Go and Directv are supported, this is will be a 5 star rating.
I have another streaming unit which does everything that I want it to do. I bought the Amazon Fire TV as I thought that it would do everything my other unit does. The USB connection is a question as to what it does. I would like to be able to stream my own videos through a thumb drive which this apparently does not do. I do like the dual band wifi. The video and audio output is really nice. The interface is hard to navigate through.
I like it and would have given it 4 or 5 stars, but I can't use it in my current home entertainment setup because it requires an HDMI hook-up and I'm all out of available HDMI ports. I sure wish it was connectable through WIFI instead.
I like my Amazon Fire TV, but for some reason if I use the Voice Search feature and the result is not available in Amazon, and I select &#34;More ways to Watch&#34;, I get options for Hulu Plus (when applicable), but not for Netflix (even when the title is available there).  This is a major reason I bought this product is to have voice search access to movies and tv shows from multiple sources.  I have searched and searched for an answer, but cannot find any solution on the website nor any phone number to call nor any email address to write.  This was my only alternative to try to get an answer.  Otherwise, I very much like the Fire TV.  I got it for my parents to also use because they are somewhat technologically challenged and typing in search term using the remote can be very difficult.
I purchased this and a Roku as part of my cord-cutting initiative.I like what this box does in terms of playing video, etc.  But... what most surprises me is the fact that I can't access my Amazon MP3 player.  It offers Pandora, et al but seems to only want you to see your Prime videos (with very little file management) and your photos, also not very user friendly.  Interesting that the non-Amazon apps are much more friendly than access to my Prime Cloud, especially when I want to listen to music.  The Roku offers a much better interface app for my Amazon Cloud Player, etc. Add to that the Roku allows you to plug headphones directly into the remote and you have a winner hands down.  Sorry Amazon.  I'm going to leave the Fire Box hooked up but frankly won't use it that much... but I'm hopeful they improve the capabilities.
I purchased this item to be able to stream movies and tv shows from Netflix, and Amazon, seems everything I want to view there is a cost to view it.  I was under the understanding that Netflix stream were included in membership with them, but that is not the case.  Tried to watch a few things and all I get it about the cast or making of the program/movie.
It came and was kinda finicky getting connected to our router and then downloading its upgrade.  Eventually, plugging and unplugging it, it connected.Up front--I couldn't care less about the games so I can't rate that part.We have Rokus so compared to those the remote just feels right in your hand and the voice recognition works great.The picture looks super, and I feel like I have access to a ton of stuff on DVDS so for entertainment, sitting on the couch I think it would be great.  However, I want local news, up to date weather, business reporting in real time at my desk and that I can't find.  I originally thought some of this could be corrected by Aereo, but, unlike Roku 3, it doesn't support Aereo (yet, I guess).  So I knocked off 2 stars.  It can't replace real TV yet. As for sending it back--I will hold on to it for its potential and move it to a TV near a couch.
i think that you should send the book on how to get the best use from Amazon Fire to my kindle for free.  THE book or something like it should be free
It's okay. Not worth it for me to spend $100 to only watch Netflix and listen to iHeartRadio. I can get my Netflix on another device I already have. Also, Amazon Fire TV never turns off. It's always idle. It just goes into sleep mode. This wasn't my cup of tea and I'm just not impressed by it. I'm returning the item. Too bad I have to pay for the return shipping too -- a $7 loss for me and a waste of my time.
I was super excited when this box was announced, i love amazon prime video and lamented the lack of access to it on the other boxes i've owned.  (i've owned a lot of them and generally settle back on the appletv).The good: this thing is fast, it's open to an extent, it's got an app store, it's got access to netflix and prime video..  AND you can install xbmc on it. did i mention it's fast?the bad: it's totally unfinished, the netflix interface sucks, the plex interface sucks, there are tonnes of slowdowns, searching amazon media is lame.  it's just using old googletv apps and they're obviously old. amazon didn't do enough to get involved with the companies making the apps that they touted as great on the firetv.  the remote is neat but annoying, don't leave it on the couch next to you because your cat, your kid, your spouse, your book or anything else anywhere near your remote with press fast forward.the UGLY UGLY ANNOYING AWFUL:  5 MINUTE UNSKIPPABLE VIDEO TO USE THE PRODUCT.  wtf.  i had to factory rest and apparently it's the norm because all of my friends who own the firetv have had to do it at least once. also,  it really is obviously not finished.so, while this a fantastic streaming box. it's got a lot of problems and probably shouldn't have been released for a few months.  if apple comes out with an app store for the appletv, we'll be going back to that.
Just got mine delivered yesterday, easy to setup.Pros:1. Very snappy performance, very, very snappy2. In app experience very similar to Roku/Other Streamer channels3. Don't get why people so upset about no HBO GO. HBO Go requires a cable subscription right? Isn't the point to cut the cord?4. Voice search but also a con, see belowCons:1. Very annoying intro video/sales pitch that you can't skip2. Do not like navigation interface - dual vertical nav column is not entirely intuitive and makes TV look busy.3. Voice search, while it works, is currently ONLY limited to Amazon content in my experience so far (I have Netflix, Hulu, and Plex channels/apps installed), so if you search for something that for example is on Netflix (as part of subscription) and Amazon, only shows Amazon content. This also stinks if you use Plex, b/c Roku universal search works across everything including your content (i.e. Plex).
movies are to expensive, number of apps not what I expected, technically the unit works well, but after the prime membership costs and the movie rental costs I'm very disappointed. cheaper for me to go to Redbox and rent a movie...... Also why do my apps on the kindle HDX not sync to the fire TV?
My FireTV replaced my 30 ft HDMI cable from my PC as my living room media center. I like the FireTV but the honeymoon period is fading fast. I am hoping for more content and developer support soon. I only really use PLEX with runs great. I have oficially switched from XBMC to PLEX in my house and it seems to work just fine.
Not as good as the Ruko 3, nothing but a money pit and a cash cow for amazon, slower than Ruko 3 I had, not as many apps, it would be nice if there was a free movie app. you have to go thru many selections to find free movies and then selections are rather limited. also no internet browser. At least the Google Chromcast could stream my laptop to TV which made it easy to watch my home movies. All-in-all the amazon Fire TV is not as good as the Ruko 3, the Microphone function worked great, But I don't use it that much, easier to scroll thru the apps with the remote
Set up was awesome...and EASY.Literally did everything by itself except for me putting in my network password.It is FAST loading too. Way faster than my Roku by far.But the voice search is awesome...but only very limited.The interface to find movies is terribly set up and laid out....and if you don't shell out the $99 for Amazon Prime...there is nothing on there for free basically.I am disappointed as I am an Amazon fan and expected more from them.
The system works very well, but it appears the they fixed the problem with other set top boxes by limiting the capabilities.  It is very easy to use for the technically challenged and it doesn't have all the little glitches other set-top boxes have.  It plays prime content like a dream.  The last two stars are for the lack of basic apps to make it a smart home appliance. The lack of a basic browser is a serious limitation. This may be a legal issue rather than engineering as companies only need to recompile there existing kindle fire with the fire-tv SDK and test.  Maybe the number of apps will increase in a few months.If you want to be able to watch prime content, skype to family, check the weather, then share a face book post with everyone, you are better off paying a extra couple of hundred and buying a MS media PC and struggling through 8.1.
The unit works great as far as I can tell, Tried to watch a movie the other night and it would not work. Tried to watch a television program and it still would not play.Havn't tried since. The movie and television selections seem to be limited unless you purchase or rent each movie or episode. Will be testing Netflix and Google next
This device is technically superior to other similar devices, but really lacks in available content.  HBO GO is not available, and other available apps are slim compared to Roku.  I hope Amazon has plans to beef up the available offerings.
voice recognition only works on Amazon apps movies and TV shows. Sometimes the voice recognition doesn't work or miss spell's the word or words of a movie and shows no results. Its missing other content like national news that is available on roku 2.  It's ok and the voice feature is nice and might save you a little time, but in the end I think Roku 2 is a much better, especially considering it's half the price.
Was not impressed with the picture quality of both movies and TV selections.  Was disappointed in the fact that there was a separate subscription price attached for the movies and TV shows even though I am a Prime member (and that Amazon does not disclose these prices prior to purchasing) ... thought Prime would have given me a bigger bang for my buck.  Decided to return it ... for me, not all that it's cracked up to be.  Also, the install took a half hour!  When I plugged it in, a screen informed me that it needed to download the newest software ... wouldn't you think it would come that way?  My HD cable signal also was screwed up and didn't come back until I disconnected the HD Fire.
We have several ROKUs as well as some Blu-Ray players offering streaming.  Amazon Fire TV is one of several options in this house.The bad news:The voice search is very cool--but it appears to only work for Amazon content.  For Netflix, which we also stream because it contains more content included at no additional cost than Amazon Prime--is still manual.  But, if I didn't have this device, I'd be searching manually for Netflix items as well as Amazon so I guess that's better.  My hope is that Amazon rewards us for taking a risk right out of the shoot with the release of this product and does not think we'll buy another one to get voice search for Netflix; but a firmware update is in order.The good news:Fire TV sets up quickly--and because we're Prime customers--we didn't have to do ANYTHING to get set up for our account with Amazon...it arrived ready to go as soon as we put the device on the network--didn't expect that.  Has an intuitive and clean interface that looks great.  Initial loads of movies, etc. are much faster.  And the picture is crystal clear HD with great sound.Overall, we're ok with it--but Amazon needs to fix the integration with other streaming services with the voice search.  I'm sure there was concern about loss of market, but if Amazon offers a great product and plenty of content, it won't lose any more customers with this device than all the other streaming devices out there.
Worked just like advertised but I just wasn't that happy with its features and returned it
Would be 5-star with HBO GO....super misleading as the box actually shows multiple HBO shows...Amazon and Netflix work very well. The remote feels high quality, but is so small I'm sure I will lose it multiple times between cushions.
There are two things that this box needs to do to replace my Roku 3:1. Unified Search across all the providers.  When I put in Iron Man 3 in my Roku 3 search, it shows me all the providers - Netflix, Amazon, etc where Iron Man 3 is available.  Sometimes, it shows "free with subscription" for Netflix so I don't have to pay for it.2. A head phone jack on the remote for my earbuds that turns my earbuds into a wireless headset so I can watch TV at night without waking the kids.  I love this about my Roku 3.
Amazon Fire TV: Thoughts So FarPros:1) Fast Searching and Watching. Everything loads up nice and quick.2) Thumbnails of the shows/movies are a nice feature.3) Voice search mostly works well.4) Some random shows available for free through apps.Cons:1) Non-intuitive app controls, depending on the app.In the Vevo app, sometimes Back will take you out of the video you're in, sometimes not (requiring you to hit Home and go back in the app to change videos).Or in iHeartRadio, hitting pause and back to exit the app works, until you hit play in another app, and then you unpause iHeartRadio and you're playing your music/movie from another app.In Pandora, selecting certain choices from one part of the app, like Start New Station, doesn&#8217;t work at all, and you have to find the same choice somewhere else in the app to make it work.2) I can&#8217;t emphasize enough how frustrating it is when the app navigation doesn&#8217;t work. It's a mess and needs to be standardized across all apps.3) There&#8217;s a USB connection that does&#8230; nothing. Yet. Hopefully there will eventually be some way to search an attached USB drive, for an easy way to access music, movies, and photos.So, yeah, I early adopted it and now I need to deal with its troubled youth, but I&#8217;m still surprised at how buggy it feels. If I only watched Amazon Instant Video on it, the experience would probably be fine. But I could already do that on my PS3, so that&#8217;s nothing special. They need to fix the rest of the experience or the Fire TV is going to go &#60;&#60;puts on sunglasses&#62;&#62; up in flames.
Because I don't want this review to be a trasher, let me say that there are some really awesome things about the Amazon Fire TV. The tiny footprint is amazing. There are plenty of options for TV (though the HBO Go omission is critical) and internet video. I love the way YouTube syncs with my other devices. Voice search is a great idea, because remote text input sucks.Sadly, that can't make up for the poor search experience. First of all, that voice search only works on Amazon content - no Netflix, YouTube, Hulu, etc. To search in any of your other channels, which is where I spend all my time, it's back to the remote control to enter one letter at a time.Let's say you're okay with that and don't mind sticking to videos in Amazon's library. Well, they've decided not to make it clear in their search results whether something is including free with a Prime membership or pay-to-play, so you have to go an extra step to see if you can watch.Lastly, there's no way to get any of your content to it. If I want to watch a video from another website, I'm out of luck until they make an app for it. If I have a movie on my hard drive I want to watch, too bad. The USB port does not allow you to bring in files from a flash drive. I've decided to return this and purchase an Apple TV so I can use it as a second monitor in Mavericks and to mirror my iPad.So for me, there's lots of good ideas at work with the Fire TV, but it's making me work too hard to find content and make my own experience.
But they fell short. No fox news no CBS news. No weather. I want a box to cut the cord. Now I use both roku and amazon fire. The fire is great for amazon interestsRoku is assume for everything else. But roku is slow and sluggish. My hope is amazon actually reads this and adds better apps. Also the way u view apps sucks. They should have taken a look at the roku.
I bought this in hopes of watching cable news but it did not offer anything I was interested in seeing. No conservative broadcasts.
I choose this rating as I assumed there would be many free movies and TV series to watch. It seems that everything I choose has a cost. The free items are intermixed with the for charge items. They need to have them separated so you don't waste time looking for viewing only to find out it has a charge. Very disappointed in this feature. Even many of the documentaries have a charge and the old movies as well. Many of these I can watch on Netflix for free or on utube. They need to have more options for free viewing.
I find the app for Prime on the Roku and Xbox to be much easier to use. Also not having an IR sensor so i can use my Harmony remote sucks too. The Prime content is mixed in with the Pay extra content so finding a show to watch sucks at best , hope they fix that soon or i might return it and buy another Roku.
I liked the features on the Amazon Fire but was unable to get The Blaze... that stopped me right there.  I do not want to have a lot of little boxes connected to see the Programs I want.  I want just one box that delivers the shows I want and as the best I can tell The Rokou.  Will just keep reading reviews...
I liked the speed and if you usually buy Amazon content then it's a no brainer it's awesome. I personally dont want to limit myself to Amazon only and if amazon continues to nickel and dime you on tv shows I will just not watch as much tv.  I prefer the Roku because it gives you a better way to display other channels. the Fire seems like it only wants prime members and pay per view content.
I think so highly of Amazon products that perhaps I did not do my homework. The # 1 gripe that I have is the number of apps that are available. #2 Not being able to turn it off. #3 The voice command only works with the Amazon app. The Amazon and Neflix apps are great, the others I can do without. Where is HBOGO, PBS, MLB, Disney. C'mom AMAzon, I'm waiting....
I've owned the Roku as well as the Amazon Fire. They are very similar and offer basically the same features. I liked how Amazon Fire had the audio search however I have learned it is pretty useless. You can only search Amazon database. For example, I might search for Kitchen Nightmares. It will list all the episodes on Amazon which you can purchase and most is not free even with Amazon Prime. It does not search the other apps like hulu or Netflix for episodes. On top of that, I usually have to repeat myself several times before it recognizes what I'm saying. As for Amazon Prime, probably the only beneficial thing about it is that it comes with free shipping. Most of Amazon Prime moives and tv shows are  offered on Hulu and Netflix. I already have a subscription to both. So, why should I pay an extra $99 month? I don't see the benefit for me since I don't purchase too many items with costly shipping online throughout the year. It's alright.
No ability to stream all of your music from your computer unless you sign up for paid Amazon cloud service for $24.99/yr.!May be returning it.
Seems like most of the movies are needed to be either rented or bought which costs more money.It was easy to hook up.
So the headline feature, the one that is supposed to separate this box from all the others, is the audio search feature.  However, it gives me back mainly Amazon Instant Video results and occasionally some Hulu Plus search results but no Netflix results.  I have Netflix and I don't have Hulu Plus.  Also, the Amazon Instant Video results are not marked as such -- looks like you are supposed to just assume that's what it is by default.  The product description should make it clear that this won't search Netflix; the existing product description is seriously misleading, in my opinion.Otherwise it seems like a perfectly adequate media streaming box, but kind of overpriced.  Roku 3 has a similar cost and has a headphone jack in the remote control as its headline feature.  That headline feature seems to work with all its content providers.
The main reason I gave this 3 stars is because of the tiny remote.  It is so easily lost between sofa cushions or in bed that I glued a sparkly ribbon on it to be able to find it.  I expected more channels and apps. Another reason for the three stars is that it only has 1 HDMI output so if you have an older TV with only 1 HDMI input you can't hook up DVD player without manually switching the cable.  I am looking into a HDMI switch box, if that works the problem would be solved, but it is an added expense. Otherwise it is a super simple set up.  Plug it in, and attach the HDMI cable and that's it!
The product so far performs as expected. Except for one problem:It would not connect to our wifi, or rather it would connect to the router, then say it could not connect to amazon.com, then ask to try again promptly forgetting the network key you just entered, and after the 10th time you know for a fact is correct.The only way I could get it to work initially was via a wired connection and setting that up was not intuitive. Once that was done it downloaded an update and was able to connect the wifi, but having connected to the 5Mhz band it was blank screens. I switched to the 2.4Mhz band, and it was ok, although this is not optimal. If anyone has any advice it would be great. I'll adjust my rating if I can connect to 5Mhz band.Anyway there IS a bug with the setup right now, so unless you have a wired connection you could use, you might run into trouble until they iron out the bugs.My other concern however is HOW did it have my account information without me entering anything? Are they really programming each one before shipment? (that would be very impressive) I have a dynamically assigned IP address so I don't think they could map it that way, although that could conceivably work since I had longed in during this IP lease. Anyway I find this a little disturbing not knowing how they did it. Not as disturbing as the NSA, but disturbing.
this was great when i was able to get this to work. i ended up sending it back because i couldn't get it to connect consistently. I'll probably get it again in the future.
Would like to buy but waiting for HBO Go Please, or other wise will have to buy the Roku 3
This is great.  If it had a Blue-Ray player it would be AWESOME!  Add Blue-Ray it then gets 4 or 5 stars. It also could use some user friendliness or usability upgrades. Miracast would be a much needed add on.
Before I start writing about it, let me tell you that i also own Roku, Chromecast and apple TV. I received it as gift.The Best thing I liked about it the speed and response, it's the fastest one among all the streaming device and have a good design and remote which can do a voice search, got almost all the popular apps. But compare to Roku 3 it lacks lots content. Though I am not a game freak where it has an edge over all other devices. overall, I am liking it but I am missing the feature of mirroring which chromecast and apple tv provide me. Roku remote headphone feature is a killer feature which makes the Voice search of fire tv just a nice to have feature which hardly works on my indian accent. I am still exploring it but till now i am just ok with it and giving 3 rating.
Fire TV Is Good But Still Lacking The Compatibility As Far As Games & Apps As The Kindle Fire HD.My Purpose For Purchasing This Item Was To Be Able To Access ALL of My Apps & Games In My Cloud Directly On My TV But At This Particular Time It Is Not Capable To Do So.I Would Like To See The Fire TV Become Identically Compatible To The Kindle Fire HD Tablet Sp My Children & I Can Play Our Games On Our TV's.I'm a Prime Member So As Far As  Movies & TV Shows I Think It's EXCELLENT! Compatibility To All Apps & Games We Can Use w/Kindle Fire HD Tablets Is What Is Needed To Topple Over ANY & ALL Other Top Tablets.
I bought this because I heard that it would have USB support:&#8220;You know, it has a USB port on it,&#8221; said Larsen. &#8220;So we don&#8217;t have anything specifically to announce there, but it&#8217;s a pretty good idea. You could add a USB stick to it over time.&#8221;I haven't heard anything since this.Either than that, its a solid system and I would give it 5 stars. But until there is support for USB Sticks/external drives, I will give it a 3.
I have tested out Chromecast, Apple TV, Netgear neotv and now this amazon fire tv.  I love Amazon for shipping/ordering stuff/customer support but I think their attempt at making electronics have just fell short for me.  I have owned the kindle fire also and did not like it which is kind of the same deal with this kindle fire tv.  In my personal opinion the features are there it's just the interface I think, something about how everything is laid out and how you have to navigate around (just not feeling it).  I know they are probably trying to stand out from the rest but still it's just a little hard to search and move around on the Fire TV.  What I found odd was even though I am a Prime member and I find a show that is Prime ready, it still ask if I want to buy it for 2.99 +.  I finally figured out that if I just click on the screenshot of the title it will play.  Another thing to think about is you are forced to rent new movies from Amazon only starting at $5.99.  I can rent the same movie from VUDU or M-go on the Roku for $4.99 and the quality looks the same to me.  I know what Amazon is doing here which is smart they want you to rent/buy from them just like Apple TV which is another reason going with Roku is a plus because they give you multiple options.  I think there were just some oversights in the design and I'm sure all this will change with time.  I remember when the Kindle Fire came out everyone was complaining about the layout and they did change that so I'm sure the layout of Fire TV will get a fresh look soon.  One other thing I noticed is if you are searching under top recommendations for Prime TV, you have to click like 3 times to finally get to the movie/show (I think it should load automatically if you click on the picture you see, only makes sense).As for the speed, I cannot see a big difference from my Roku XS box the same buffering is happening so I really think the speed of any box relies on your wifi connection not the specs inside the box.  That was the only reason I tried this box was to give it a shot at speeding up my viewing but it hasn't happened yet.  I will say that if you pause and then playback that reacts quick but the Roku does the same, apple TV does not.  I really didn't try the games out because I am not a gamer so can't review on that, it may be the life saver for this little black box if it takes off.  I attempted to download a racing game but it said it required some add-ons that were like 1800MB and it would have taken forever to download.  I'm sure the more games you put on the device the slower it will get because you will use up all the memory eventually.  The voice search appears to work pretty good and it does recognize what I'm saying even with my southern accent so they did it right in that dept.I have read over and over that HBOgo is not on there and some didn't get it for that reason and some could care less.  I am kind of in the middle I don't watch it all the time but I did find myself last night wanting to watch something on HBOgo and had to postpone because the app wasn't there (guess I could have hooked my Roku back up :)This same thing happened when I bought the Apple TV, I thought I was going to like it but the lack of app support and the fact that it did not perform any better than Roku I just stuck with my trusty Roku which does it all pretty much and just keeps getting better and better.Overall I think the Fire TV will get better with time just like the Chromecast but for the time being I will stick with what seems to be an all around good media player (Roku) and the most bang for the buck.
I like the voice search and speed of this unit.  The things i don't like is that i have to keep uninstalling apps to be able to keep on using this thing.  The fire TV does not even come close to the app selection for watching TV compared to the Roku.  So if you are looking at a TV watching device buy a Roku.
I really like the layout of the interface, the compact size, the ease of the remote but the signal range is terrible. I found that the quailty of the stream was terrible and compared it to my PS4 which is just a foot away and the image clarity was like night and day. I don't know if there will be a software update that can make it better or not. I did switch the default pic quality from auto to 1080p 60htz and it still had terrible picture. I have to have the box practically next to my main wifi box for it to work the way it should. Not sure if its defective or not. I'll have to look into it.I moved it to 3 different rooms and only the room with the main wifi box had a good picture clarity...i'm thinking of returning it within the 30 days.
I thought it would downscale to HDI but not so much. I'm sure it would have been nice, but I had to return it.
Overall, the product does what any other streaming devices does.  My disappointment is with viewing photos.There is no ability to have a random slideshow of all your pictures.There is no ability to have a random slideshow of certain files.When viewing a slideshow of a file, each picture fades into the foreground until you see the complete picture.  I found this to be annoying and would like to have options on how the pictures are viewed on the TV. They could just show the picture and give a 3 or 5 second viewing time option.The device does not recognize photo's on a USB drive so you will need to upload all of your photos to the Amazon Cloud. I understand that Amazon wants to make money on it's Cloud storage but uploading 16k pictures will take some time.Uploading pictures from my computer to the Amazon Cloud takes a VERY long time. It will take me weeks to upload all of my photos.Hopefully they will offer a software update to address the slideshow options.  As to the USB and Amazon Cloud, I expect those issues will not change.
Pros: smooth interface, voice search, easy setup.Cons: no HBO, no trial of prime, no shutdown or power off, says can play games but no controller.Overall: I still prefer the Apple TV for the same price out of the box. I can only hope that with updates or future generations the unit will come with some extras.
The should have HBO to go they have Showtime Anytime, second I order a controller thinking it was available but no not until April 30, so I can' play the game they gave me. No instruction book I can' t  find how to turn it off.
Very disappointed. Difficult install, the screen was flashing on and off. Finally traced the problem to the fire box cable plug. It was intermittent. I had a bunch of cables and finally found one seemed to work.Compared to the Roku the fire has very limited apps. The menu logic is nutty and different.Took forever to update. The network connection (my network is 12Mb and a tlink router that works great) was harder than necessary and limited. I would have liked a fixed IP option. The keyboard that popped up had weird logic. Note: keyboard logic changes with different apps. Drives you nuts.When playing Pandora the music would suddenly do a snap crackle pop and the same for the movies. Netflix worked best of all and the Amazon prime menus were goofy and prime did a lot of flickering probably due to having to reload ( no reload message). You have to real careful with A-prime as it is easy to accidentally order something.The sound search worked great, but only works on Amazon.The unpackaging was a pain in the A**. It was a Chinese puzzle ( I would fire the person that thought it up). The big problem was to figure out how to open the remote to install the batteries without breaking it. Totally illogical. Hint: the cover opens straight up.As for the games only kids and the simple minded, mess with that crap. To me it is a negative. If I want games I will buy a gamer.The screen saver was the best of all, very beautiful pictures.I am going to send it back and get a Roku 3. Pity, it seems like Amazon sent out a buggy box. I would wait about a year than buy it.
While it promises TV; its the older, inane shows that are a waste of time; movie selection seems to be a little better than Netflix.  ESPN is not &#34;real.&#34; Very disappointed in that b/c I bought it for my dad, and the only sport he watches in NASCAR, and he couldn't watch the races. It was all interviews. HULU is a waste of time;  Pandora is on there, so that's nice.  I ended up subscribing to cable TV for him, so Fire didn't meet the need I was hoping for.  If I had known all this, I wouldn't have purchased it.
You have to wait up to 5 minutes before you get volume. The other thing I hate is amazon.com customer service. I dare anyone to try to get a hold amazon customer service is a joke.
Got Apple TV already but still want to give Fire TV a try.Actually like the look and feel of Fire TV. But the look of the main screen is, just like most Android  devices, too busy, not as simple like Apple TV's.Also don't like that you have to subscribe cable/satellite TV service in order to watch ESPN3. The whole point you got an streaming box is that you want to cut the cable/satellite TV service. YOU DON'T WANT TO PAY THE TV SERVICE. Apple TV let you watch ESPN3 without having to subscribe TV service.So I will try Fire TV few more days.  If I still have to subscribe TV service in order to watch ESPN3, very likely i will return Fire TV.
If you integrate spotify, this will make a huge inroad into Apple TV, and Apple's plans to eventually build out their iTunes radio.
I love the concept of the Amazon Fire TV, but when we go to use it to find something we want to watch, we find that we need to pay for it. The only movies/TV that we can find are much older programs, nothing that we would want to watch. Most programs are those that we have already seen or those that we do not want to see. That is the most disappointing part of this....
Was a toss-up between getting Amazon Fire TV or a Roku 3.  Were pretty equal, to me, except Roku lets you use a headset plugged into the remote, and Fire TV gives you voice search in the remote.  Wish I could have BOTH features in one device, but decided I'd probably use voice search more, so went with Fire TV for that reason.  HUGE DISAPPOINTMENT.  Most of my viewing is Netflix and Hulu (not an Amazon Prime member), but Fire TVs voice search ONLY searches Amazon content!Initial set up was relatively easy.  However, it seemed unnecessarily time-consuming with the &#34;searching for updates&#34; and &#34;updating software&#34; downloads.  I purchased this 1 day after its initial release; shouldn't it come with the most up-to-date software being only 1 day old??So far, it's working fine...no complaints there.  Just keep in mind, if you're thinking of buying it, the voice search ONLY searches Amazon content, most of which you have to purchase.
I really love my Chromecast, but it couldn't play Amazon Prime material. My Roku is older and is annoyingly slow and buggy. I hoped this would be a great replacement with some cool features like voice recognition and ASAP. After a few hours with it, it's not all that great. I either hadn't read or didn't realize that the voice search is limited entirely to Amazon Instant material. I tried &#34;30 Rock&#34; after installing the Netflix and Hulu+ apps. It still would only show 30 Rock *for purchase* on Amazon. I did know from the start that the ASAP feature only worked with Amazon material, but it was still only about 50/50 when I pulled up a handful of shows. It's a pretty closed feeling ecosystem for touting how open it supposedly is.There's no argument that it's fast. It whizzes through menus and responds to the bluetooth remote instantly. But I hear the Roku 3 does that as well. I'm not even a casual gamers, so I won't comment on that ability. I'm also not crazy about an external power supply and HDMI cable after not having one for several months.Overall, it's just okay.  It does almost exactly what a Roku does, but with a different interface (which I'm not sure is any better). I'm not nearly as impressed as I was at the Chromecast for $35. I think I'll supplement my Chromecast with the new Roku stick. Same effect, less clutter. I hoped there would be something about the Fire TV that made it feel like 'the next big thing'. There really isn't.
Jeff Bezos, can this device allow my broadcast channels to be accessed? TX Dr. Paul. I did not see a box for questions...How else will you improve w/o/ questions?
After gifting this to a friend and setting it up we had a few issues with updates. Friend didn't want it anymore so I returned it. We will both wait for a later version and HBOgo to hopefully be added. Other than that this could be a great device. We look forward to this getting better.
I have an Apple TV but tried the Fire thinking I could both stream Netflix (all I did on my ATV) and utilize the video portion of my Prime membership.  I sent back the Fire since I couldn't get Dolby Plus to work with my system resulting in stereo instead of surround sound.  This was a deal breaker. When I plug the same HDMI cable into my Apple TV, I get excellent surround sound.  So the Dolby Plus killed it for the Fire.If anyone cares, I plug HDMI cables from my Panasonic SA-BT300 blu-ray player/home theater, my Charter cable box, and my Apple TV into my Panasonic TC-P42UI TV and optical sound out from the TV to my home theater.  The BT300 is clearly rated for Dolby Plus, don't know about the TV.  Anyway, the Apple TV produced surround sound and when I plugged my Fire into the HDMI cable that previously was the ATV and turned on Dolby Plus on the Fire, I got no sound.  I did get stereo when I turned off Dolby Plus.The Netflix app was clunkier on the Fire and produced large subtitles.  The Netflix app on my Apple TV was much easier to navigate and subtitles were more nuanced. Also the video colors were not as realistic on the Fire as on my Apple TV.The Fire was not voice searchable for Netflix titles.  So it was hunt and peck on the Fire whereas on the Apple TV I could type in search titles for Netflix from the iPad Remote app.Physically the Fire looked attractive and the Fire remote worked well.  Probably many of the problems will be fixed in a year or two.Edit -- I went back and realized my SA-BT300 home theater has two optical inputs so I could have run an optical out from the Fire into the second optical in for the BT-300 Home Theater, enabled Dolby Plus over optical and it might have worked.  Already packed up the unit to go back so won't try and the other factors also weighed for sending it back, but for the record the optical out straight to the home theater possibly could have worked.
I really wish it supported dlna... If it did, I'd give it 4 stars.I also wish the voice search worked with Netflix.
Yes it hits the sites my Sony will hit, but the apps tend to demand that I "join" them. I can search Vimeo on my Sony but not on the Amazon app. The voice feature may wow some people, but do I want Amazon having a voice profile on me and my kids?...No, not in this era of privacy encroachment. They claim the more you use it the more they refine it. Guess that means that over time they could reverse the process and sound just like me?  Maybe for a fee they will one day make my unpleasant phone calls?My Sony can surf the net, not so with Amazon TV. All in all it feels too much like an Amazon commercial. Nice picture, though I did have a  problem with rewind. It goes forward in a youtube video just fine but goes to black screen when I try to go backwards to something I missed. I watch a lot of technical "how to" software videos so this is big problem.Update:I've had to reboot the system once to fix an error message that said it could not load videos and one of my programs. I've started cutting power to it when not in use and haven't seen the issue again.I use the Fire with a projector upstairs and the fact that Fire only has one HDMI out means that I can't channel audio separately and must use the projector speaker since most projectors assume the device controller has the audio out. I still have my Sony Blu ray Wifi downstairs and like it better because I can also hit the net and play actual DVD's.
i just bought the amazon fire.it is pay tv in a box.you cannot access the web.you cannot get the regular tv channels unless you want to buy one.i have a samsung tv box which runs rings around this one.advertisement is misleading.apps on this are useless.needs two more usb inputs.amazon has full control of your box on what you are able to access.you will be charged for it.amazon needs to update this box so we can access what we want and not what they want to feed us.this box is a big disappointment.go check out the samsung smart media player.it tunes all digital tv channels.it surfs the web.it receives everything the fire box receives.maybe not all the games,but who cares.now get hot and really update this box.give us free web surfing.
It seemed zippy, but voice search only works with Amazon content... it doesn't search across NetFlix which would've made it genuinely useful. Ultimately it's just another little box - the edge goes to Apple TV for content. All the Prime movies were 90's era time warps.
I was already to buy this, but as with most things I wait week to hear people's reviews. When I found out the voice search didn't work with anything but Amazon prime I decided I would wait. And although I am a casual gamer, and not willing to put out 500 bucks on an Xbox station, I was all looking forward to being able to use this and replaced by Roku 3 and play some games. But I realize Amazon wants to push their products first. So maybe with the second version they will update it all. Also eight gigs of memory it's not enough for anyone is can be loading games on here. And the bump up against the wall really fast.
My first review of FIRE TV blasted the audio search feature. Now it is working perfectly. Not sure how that happened. The simplicity of the remote and the audio search function sets a new standard in the industry. It is truly fantastic. However, nearly all the shows and movies that I checked out I can access via Netflix for FREE. With FIRE TV, it seems like everything is $2.99. I need to spend more time researching this, but my first reaction is disappointment, as I was hoping to replace Netflix, but that ain't happening soon. It may be the most user-friendly system in the world, but if rentals are priced ridiculously high, what good is it. Competitive technology should soon be available to interface with all third party streaming providers. C'mon AMAZON, get your pricing in line like you do with the rest of your business. We pay to be PRIME Members, we pay $100 for your hardware, just be competitive with the rental costs, or I will need to take a pass. Don't let the FIRE go out on this one.
PRO:-- Open source will allow coders to unlock potential a la other Android devices-- Excellent hardware allows for a lot of potential, although it's currently untapped-- A couple interesting features, the ASAP feature is cool, and the speech searching is nice-- Amazon has a lot of money to make this device workCONS:-- Kind of like a reverse Ouya. It focuses more on the streaming and less on the gaming.-- $40 controller additional cost means hardly anyone is going to play these games. Real gamers will just play their gaming consoles. Casual gamers won't care to spend the extra $40. At $140, you have to wonder why a person wouldn't just buy a used PS3 or Xbox and stream with that and play much better games (even if you restrict yourself to cheaper indie titles and PS Plus free titles you'd be way better off).-- Lack of some critical channels, such as HBO GO, Youtube, Spotify, MLB. I would imagine these will get added later, but for now they are lacking.-- Doesn't have one of the best features of the Roku 3, which is the ability to plug in headphones to the remote.-- ASAP only works on Amazon streaming at the moment -- would be a killer feature if it supported Netflix as well.So, when it comes down to it, if they had included the controller or developed a remote that was also a controller, I think you could make a case for this being a better device than the Roku, and even throwing out the games, it has the potential to become a better device than the Roku with the addition of missing channels, and outside potential from community developers who could come up with something special.Until then, though, this is a device that I wouldn't recommend to friends over a Roku, unless they want to take the gamble that this will one day be a better device.
Please add acorn and ear plugs, before I can buy. Then will definitely purchase as I'm always happy with amazon purchases
samsung makes a box that works with some samsung tvs_  except there's searches the internet and brings up multi services/options to find your programming.  it is also has a remote you can talk to_The Samsung SEK-1000 Smart Evolution Kit is future-ready with Samsung's Smart Evolution. Unique to Samsung, the Smart Evolution Kit completely reengineers your TV without having to replace it. Now you can renew your TV with the latest technology in terms of performance, content and features, ensuring your TV remains cutting-edge.Smart Evolution brings you S Recommendation with Voice Interaction. It lets you discover more of the TV you love by suggesting what's new to watch based on what you like. It intelligently learns your preferences, so the more you watch, the smarter it gets. All you need to do is ask your TV to find you something to watch. It will respond to your natural voice and instantly search Live TV, video on demand services and apps to recommend TV and online content tailored to you. Now you'll always know what's on without the need to look for it._ how ez would it be for amazon to include these services in software update ??  samsung box is also quad core and 1.5gb ramhow many more gadgets do we need to buy amazon media.  amazon could have made this better and didn't.
The hardware specs look great!!  But I have to question this &#34;made for music&#34; thing.....  How can it be &#34;made for music&#34; without a Spotify app??Won't consider this device until it does....
I won't purchase this without access to HBO Go.  All the other units have that option.  I use HBO Go quite a bit and would love to be able to stream it to my TV.  Amazon needs to work this out.
Amazon Instant Video is not Enough. What Else Can Amazon Fire TV do?A Video Streamer should access video content from every source available &#8211; including over-the-air broadcasting. The user interface should allow for easy searching and navigation. And the player should put your hard earned dollar first, by prioritizing content options based on price. Most importantly a set top box allow you to enjoy free broadcast TV, with a DVR, and should always route users towards the most cost effective way to enjoy their favorite shows and movies. In short a video streaming device should be a Cable TV Alternative. After my thorough review I found that this box is best used for consuming Amazon content, does not support OTA, and makes zero attempt at providing cost effective options for video consumption. Read my extensive Amazon Fire review here: [...]
I liked it, but returned it when I realized it won't run HBO GO.  When they work out the politics, I'll re-purchase at that time.
This is a neutral three star simply because I'm comparing devices and expressing an opinion.A few weeks ago I bought a Sony BluRay player (from Amazon) so that I could stream Amazon Prime and YouTube along with the ubiquitous NetFlix. Had FireTV been around (or pointed out to me) I would have considered it, but frankly, the BluRay player does more. It's also wireless, it is programmed with software for picking up various streaming video serivces, it has memory, etc. But it cost $89 and it plays many kinds of discs.The software is what seems to make these devices obsolete before the hardware fails, and at least with the BluRay player it will work for that use after the software stops firing (like my 4-year old Samsung BluRay player. The device works, but the software is now kaput).
Can Amazon Fire TV work out of US, like in Asia or Europe it has to be in US to work?
I have not purchased this device yet but it does have favorable specification when compared with other set top boxes. I would however consider it seriously if an app for the PBS network was offered as is true of the Roku 3 which I have.
After owning several Roku's and enjoying the freedom to play video from Vudu, HBOgo, Netflix, Amazon Instant video to name a few; I miss this type of freedom on the Fire TV. That's not to say that in the future Amazon will probably support Vudu, HBOgo and other video content apps its just they are sorely missed upon purchase of this unique system. Which is one reason I deducted a star.The other reason I deducted a star is expandibilty. I don't know maybe its because Amazon streams a lot of copyright media content that they can't put a MicroSD card slot or allow you to plug a hard drive into the USB slot or maybe its something else. They give this stream box a quad core CPU, its own GPU, a pretty good BT gaming controller and show off how great it is at gaming BUT put only 8gb of memory with 5 usable to the customer!! How could they??Asphalt 8 takes up 1.5gigs- I understand trying to keep it under a 100.00. Imagine if Amazon sold their loyal customers versions of the Fire TV to those who enjoy low-moderate gaming with 16gb or 32gbs for 125.00 or 140.00 and the 8gb of course those who really don't game at all. . .Makes to much sense. Or why not just put a microsd slot and allow those customers the choice to maximize their gaming, video and music content. Why marginalize the customer? I am one of those customers who of paid more either a microsd or 32gb of memory.So does speedier content and a cool gaming experience out pace the Roku? Not exactly. What it does is force geeks like myself to hack and jailbreak the OS to give me exactly what I want, exactly what most customers want, a streaming box that fully takes the place of those secondary media options found on most blue ray, along with a push2TV similar to what Netgear has and the freedom to access DLNA systems in your home with the added feature of enjoying average level gaming. That's the ultimate experience.
Bluetooth audio out would make cabling so much neater.The problem in a nutshell:The Screen and the Projector are meant to be far apartBluetooth sound bars are meant to be near the ScreenVideo sources are meant to be near the Projector.But the only way to get audio from the FTV to the soundbar is with a cable (either optical or hdmi)... so instead of having this beautiful setup:IMAGE:  [Projector] >>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> [Screen]SOUND:  [FireTV]  b-l-u-e-t-o-o-t-h  [Soundbar]... I need to do this (ugh):IMAGE:  [Projector] >>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> [Screen]SOUND:  [FireTV]====C==A==B==L==E==S===[Soundbar]I was hoping that a Bluetooth dongle in the FireTV USB port would make the FireTV "pair-able" with the soundbar, but no luck.How can I avoid cabling between the FTV and the Soundbar??
Easy setup and it works okay, but it's no better than my Roku 2.  In fact, I can't seem to find a way to listen to my songs from Amazon, something I can do on my Roku 2 using the Cloud App.  The voice search is nice and the box is sleek, but so far I don't see this as a &#34;game changer.&#34;  I'm a casual user and I only use it for movies, music and TV shows.
Easy to navigateGood with HD streamingNeed to add more Channels.No News Channels; Very Important!Overall Score 65%
Easy to set up initially (plug it in and go), but I immediatetely received a message saying I needed a software update. It started downloading slowly, thenafter 10 mins  it told me it couldn't find the download and I should unplug & plug in the power cord. Unbelievable.  After another 15 mins it said my internet connection was slow (it's not). I plugged the box in to my ethernet cord and software took another 30 mins to download. I was just about ready to start the process for returning the box when it finally finished downloading. After starting and stopping several times I got it to work. Then I had to downlload Netflix, etc. Maybe I've been spoiled with the ease of the AppleTV but this seemed like a long and clunky start process. I was able to watch a show on huluplus without any issues, we'll see how it continues to work.
Got my Fire TV box today.  package looks good, hardware looks good.  Please never ever ever again make a power brick that is short and fat like this which takes up three spot on my power strip!  think people.  set up was easy.  I'm surprised all that curcuitry is in a tight little box with no venting. they don't even put feet on it to provide air passage under it.  we'll see if it heats up with 4 hours of HD.  set up was easy and fast.  I'm running it off a ethernet hardline from my network that is clocked at 24 Mbs downlaod speed. First impressoins are a swift and responsibe menu.Applications.  Ok here is where things get interesting.  Where are the apps.  there is a vast shortage of apps.  I don't see them.  It appears that all the apps they offer are the ones you see above in the marketing sheet.  Of course everyone has thier favorites but here are a few I was hoping to see that are not there:Amazon MP3 - missing, internet browser, facebook, fandango, pulse, slacker radio, twitter, usa today, vudu...all missing.Let me just say something about Flixster.  Since Amazon has not waken up and adobted ultraviolet licensing to allow those of us who purchased DVD's and BluRays from Amazon (or elsewhere) that come with UV digital copy licenses to then be able to watch our licensed digital copy from Amazon instant video...Flixster is our only option here.  On Flixster, one may redeem thier UV license and stream our movies from a Flixster app on many different platforms.  Sounds good right?  Stop.  Amazon has restricted the playback of content from flixster to STANDARD DEFINITION.  I have many MANY movies I am licensed to watch, in high definition, via ultraviolet.  I PAID Amazon for the product that provides me this license.  And yet they will not allow me to watch it in HD.  This is a major FAIL.  My XBox let's me do this as does other streaming devices.  Message to Amazon:  Adopt UV licensing and allow owners of media to pay thier content in the paid-for resolution OR unlock Flixster (pay them whatever it takes!) to allow streaming of our flixster libraries in HD.  I get it. BUY from Amazon.  Fine I can do that.  but do you REALLY think I am going to go back and purchase all those movies again from you to be able to stream them from your cloud service?  no.  That ship has sailed.Need a money maker?  set up a disk-to-digital service to license a UV copy and yeah I'll pay a few bucks to convert my old dvds.Ok, on to performance.  I loaded up Frozen in HD and played it.  Picture was very good.  motion was smooth.  I saw no evidence of stutter or pixelation or lagging.  The hardware on this system seems be very strong.  It's just too bad I can't really enjoy it with the very restricted channel of HD content.  Amazon do something!  For those who wish to stream your UV library in HD I must reccommend going to Roku or AppleTV.
Had to try more than one monitor before it worked.  After downloading and updating the firmware, it goes into this insanely annoying video that you cannot skip through you have to sit through.  Once the box has been through that video once then it worked on other monitors but not before.User interface is a bit blah compared to the competition.  You have to pay for channels that would be free on a roku for example.  Also you have to search for channels they advertise as being supported rather than just have a list of them to choose from.  It has more processing power than the competition but they chose to waste that power on dancing baloney in the UI.So far it simply isnt a roku.  Should get my game controller in the next few days will see if using it for games makes up for its shortcomings...
I am currently starting to use my Amazon Fire TV.  It is fast (I have the WDTV as well which is much slower but read on).  So far it appears to work well with the Amazon Cloud Drive and Amazon content.  I plugged my WD Passport into it and got not response.  Can't find info. anywhere on what the USB port is for.  Maybe someone here can tell me.  Would sure like to play my 2 TB of photos and Personal Videos on the HD through it to my TV.  Appears so far not possible.  They all play perfectly on my WDTV.  That is the only reason for 3 stars.  If it could I would give it 5 stars.  Why put a USB port on it and not inform anyone what it is for.
I bought this the day it was released. I have the Kindle Fire, Kindle Fire HDX, Amazon Cloud Player, Prime, etc... I am fully vested in the Amazon ecosystem, but being honest, the Fire TV has some work ahead of it to equal the Roku. Right now, I find my Roku 2 much more useful. Here are my thoughts ordered by personal priority1. Free Prime shows / movies are intermingled with paid shows / movies. With no ability to fully filter.I get the reason ($$) but as user, this is a deal breaker. When trying to find things to watch for 2 young kids, I can't use this. I find Scooby Doo & they are clamoring for one they never seen & I have to tell them &#34;sorry, this is not free, can't watch it&#34; or rent / buy something each time. Even with items I OWN I am getting results for more stuff to buy. It's extremely frustrating. So 90% of the time, I am using Netflix instead of the native content.2.  Amazon Cloud PlayerThis is in my Roku but not my Amazon Fire TV? Seriously? If it was just for TV, then why have Pandora & I Heart? This bothers me quite a bit since all my music is with Amazon.3. MLB.tv (or HBO.go, etc...)Personally, I watch MLB.tv at night. But the same holds true for all the other popular apps expected from a streaming player - HBO.go, Disney Jr, etc... I'm sure its just a matter of time, but RIGHT NOW, my Roku is more valuable.4. SearchVoice search is good on Amazon, but for all the other apps, you are using the same hunt and peck type search as you are with all the other players in streaming. Thats fine, its standard, but the voice search is much narrower in scope that expected & oversold in the demo.5. No &#34;Start from Beginning&#34; short cut? Less an issue, but still makes it feel incomplete.It is super fast & easy to set up & streams start immediately, etc... Hopefully a software update will knock out my major issues, but I have relegated this to a second room & continue to use my Roku 2 for most of my streaming needs. It has potential, but I feel like it is just not ready to be MY primary device.Others may feel differently, which is fine, but this is my personal opinion & the reasons why I feel that way.
I didn't realize that every show I watched would cost a fee.  I also didn't know that I would not be able to watch anything on my cable channels without disconnecting the Amazon Fire TV.  I liked the voice feature and the hand control was very simple, but I can't afford to pay for every show I watch. The promotion for the Amazon Fire TV should mention that it could cost you quite a bit if you watch a lot of tv, like I  do.
I had hopes although I knew it didn't stream from my Mac iTunes and was disappointed. Free content is hard to find and in many cases you run the chance of clicking on paid content. They shouldn't commingle the two. Worse yet was the biggest cool features which was voice control search versus scrolling broke. There recommendation was to go back to manual scroll and enter to search titles.FAILI am adding to this instead of editing. Oddly enough I was able to get the remote to work by rebooting my wifi and while the Fire TV device itself was accessing the wifi with no problems, the voice command part of the remote wasn't able to. I am holding off returning the device and giving it some more time to see if it recurs.
I have to admit it was the hardware that attracted me to this unit.  I look at the specs for everything, and the comparison to other boxes got me excited about all the stuff I could do with the Fire TV.  I even splurged and got the controller.  I have had the Fire TV from the day it came out so the following does not come lightly or without a lot of use under my belt.  And I am (was) an avid user of Amazon content and love (loved) Amazon as a whole for their business model and the services they provide; so I went into this experience completely biased towards liking the Fire TV.When I got it in the mail I excitedly tore the box open and ran to the TV to hook it up.  I ripped the Roku 3 out and plugged my new toy in.  Set-up was really easy (for most, I understand that this is not always the case) and I was off and running...well, more like crawling really.  The wireless capability on the FireTv isn't really the greatest...I can have full bars over a 50Mbps connection and the shows and movies will still stall out and I get the warning that there must be something wrong with my internet connection.  Odd; so I go off and dutifully check my router and wifi...everything is humming along as fast as possible...so I check the other wifi devices in the vicinity of the Fire TV.  I have an internet TV that has Amazon Prime, Netflix, Hulu Plus, etc. and I have an XBOX, both right next to it.  I check the streaming apps on those and have no problem watching the exact same show; so maybe it was just a hiccup and everything was effected but it's better now.  I go back to the Fire TV and same problem...can't watch shows.This happens off and on with the Fire TV for no apparent reason.  And even when I can watch shows I can only really watch Amazon prime content because Netflix performance is usually in the toilet, and Hulu Plus has a synching issue with the audio where the voices are seconds off from the video.To address the bandwidth problems I thought I would get a media hub with 802.11ac. I tested it, and it is getting about 600Mbps to make sure that I was getting all the speed available from my connection.  I plugged all my hardware into that and most everything was off and running...except, again, the Fire TV.  I can watch streaming content on anything reliably except the Fire TV.So now the only thing I can watch reliably on the unit is Amazon Prime content, although I usually have to stop and start the show 10 times because the audio doesn't come through correctly. The problem continues with all the other streaming apps.  If you can even get to them due to the abysmal menus on the Fire TV...they really are awful.  But then, all menus on anything ever built by Amazon are terrible.  I really believe they need to fire whoever designs their UI.There's plenty more to tell you but I'm out of time right now.  I will continue to update this review.
I love a lot of the features, but finding the free material (not really free since i pay prime fee's every year) was not easy. It does a great job of driving you to towards shows you would like but finding the ones free on prime is nearly impossible. Same for movies, it has a great selection of movies but distinguishing whats free on prime and which one you want to rent is difficult at best. Also they advertise HBO programs yet they dont have an HBO App... I love the App on tablets but the set top box did not meet my expectations
I really like the equipment. It is small and works well. The voice search feature is nice. Could have been a home run. Fire stars.However, not being able to down select to see just prime not so cool. Even the iPad app does that.... So one star for that. Go fix it! Update your software!
I returned the Fire TV after living with it for a month. The voice search was a great feature that worked well. Problem was the Fire constantly lost my wireless network (Apple Airport Base station) and went into a long buffering waits. When I replaced it with the AppleTV that had been there previously, the Apple worked fine.
It is a very nice system and yes the voice search works great! But not half as many apps as the Roku and the parental controls stink! On the fire you either lock out everything or nothing. Really the only think that is good about the Apple TV to me is being able to stream iTunes from an external hard drive, and you can show your iPhone/iPad which is huge and that why our main on is the Apple TV still but I like the Roku usability better and we have that one upstairs.ProsFastVoice searchConsLack of AppsParental controls stinkNo headphones jackNo universal search like Roku
Just had this for a couple of days now and my first impressions are that while the unit looks good (alabite edges are a little to sharp which can be a bit of a 'pain' when trying to push in cables in the back of it).The GUI is a bit clutered compared to the more srteamlined ROKU interface.My main problem with this streamer is that the voice control (which is very accurate) only searches on Amazon Media and not Netflix,  I also could not find an option to search only Amazon Prime Media that come free with the Prime membership.I hope a later software update will solve these issues.Otherwise quality of streaming is excellent - i don't know whether it is because of the streamer itslef or because of the high bandwidth that i have.
Like many of you, I'm sure you tried out Amazon Fire TV with a free trial (if not... you should really, really read the reviews before purchase.)  I felt like setting it up was a breeze (I had my own HDMI cable - does not come with one but they do a good job letting you know that before you order).  I also had my brother kick me off his Prime membership (which only comes with free shipping as a guest) and get a 30-day free trial of Amazon Prime so I could stream videos.  It's ultra small (maybe 4&#34;x4&#34;x0.5&#34;) and can fit most anywhere, and has a responsive remote (voice and touch).  The screen quality is fantastic. However, I was underwhelmed and will be sending it back.Why won't I be keeping it? Here's the short list:1. You should be able to filter out which Prime videos are free to stream vs. the ones you have to buy/rent.2. You should be able to use Amazon Cloud Music player with this.  It is ridiculous that you can't listen to your own music that you bought through Amazon and have loaded to an Amazon Cloud with an Amazon Fire TV player. No, I don't want to use any of the other music apps - I want to listen to my own music. I could give two scoops about being able to see the pictures I have on my Amazon cloud drive (nor did I want to see some of them... sheesh...)  Give me my music.3. Roku has the remote with a headset jack. I LOVE that idea. For so many reasons, that is a huge selling point of the Roku 3 versus this player for me.4. It would be helpful if you already have premium channels (i.e. Showtime, HBO, etc.) that you could connect to their online services (i.e. HBO GO) through this player. I'm not going to pay to watch something that I can watch for free on my regular cable or on my computer.In summation:  to get me to buy this, I would need it to have a remote with an audio jack like the Roku 3, the ability to listen to my Amazon Cloud music, and apps that would access my premium channel websites.  It was fun to play with while it lasted, but it's going to go back until Amazon implements the features I want.
Not sure if understand why Amazon would spend loads of cash to design their own device to do things scores of other devices already do. Plus it's trying to double as a closed source low end gaming device as well. OUYA is already available and its a more open OS. I think they are getting a little too confident.
The device itself is great.  The connection is great, the quality is great, the ease of use is great.  The part I do not like is Amazon Prime.  Not only is the price going up, but it seems like there is not much &#34;free&#34; content any more.  The free movies are mostly outdated.  The good ones are $3.99-5.99 for a 24 hour rental.  Worse off are the television shows.  Many shows that are not in high demand now have a charge of $1.99/episode.  For example, I watched some Military Channel, Travel Channel, and Food Network shows just a month ago for free.  The shows are now $1.99 each.  It almost forces you to join Netflix which makes me wonder if Prime is worth it.
Update 4/11/14 - I've dropped my rating another star because I think the biggest flaw in the FireTv is that it only has 8gb storage - after only a week, my daughter received a message that storage space was low and to free up space. She uninstalled Sev Zero and will probably have to uninstall more games.  If you install Asphalt 8 and amazons own Sev Zero games then you have pretty much used up most of your storage.  And there is no SD slot like the Roku 3 has to let you add space.  Flash storage is so cheap these days, so I really cant even understand why they decided to cripple it this way, if they were wanting people to play games on it.  It should have a minimum 16gb storage and preferably 32gb.  What a disappointment.  I definitely regret investing the $40 on the controller, considering that this is, for the most part crippled for gaming.Original Review:There are already plenty of reviews out there, but I'lll go ahead and throw my two cents worth in.  I bought this for my daughter, who loves her Roku 3 but also likes to play casual games.  I've been looking for a decent replacement since her first gen Wii broke several months back.  The Wii U was never really an option, it was over priced, and to be honest we were getting tired of the whole Wii platform and their lowest in class hardware specs.  The Fire TV fills the void nicely, she can watch her netflix, plex, and hopefully soon Disney channels while also having a nice casual gaming platform.Out of the box, the firetv feels nice - like an apple product nice - everything feels good in the hand and I really like the layout and controls of it.  I also like that it is nice and zippy when browsing or switching from app to app.  My daughter already has a kindle, so this makes for a nice addition - many of the games she already had for the kindle can be played on this.  My favorite cool trick so far with this, is the family game night game titles.  If you play fibber, you scan a qr code at the beginning and then each person types in their fib on their phone and it shows up in the game.  This is a really cool trick that really impresses.  Multiplayer mode on The Game of Life was also a lot of fun, and a great way to play board games on your tv.  I had some concerns ,that maybe this was an overhyped item that wouldn't live up to expectations, but so far I have few regrets.The biggest regret I had, and I suppose I shouldn't be surprised, is how tied in this is to Amazon Prime - sure there are netflix and other movie apps, but menus and categories are all geared to Prime videos and if you are not a Prime subscriber you will have to fork out to buy or rent everything.  This is disappointing, as I registered this to my daughters account but I have the Prime account and I am not about to pay for a prime subscription for each person in my house that may want to watch Amazon Prime videos. And I also don't want to register it on my account, because she has already purchased all her games and music on her own Amazon account thru the years on her Kindle Fire.Amazon - if you are listening, you are blowing it big time but not having a way to let my kids have their own account but still be a part of my prime account!  With google videos, I can add another google account and that content will then show up along with the other accounts content.  Amazon needs to have something similar. They could still limit the number of viewers at one time the way netflix does.  My kids have always had their own amazon accounts because in the early days if I had added them to mine I would have to see all their books, music and games on my kindle.
UPDATE++ 4/6/14After a full 48 hours with this device, I have decided to return it. While I did like the interface and the speed of the device, I was finding that it was locking up several times. The remote was very odd and noisy and overall did not feel like I was getting more value from the Amazon Fire TV over the Roku 3. I decided to return it and hang on to my Roku 3.The main reasons for the return:1. The software does not seem refined and becomes very slow/lagged.2. The product itself seems to have been rushed out. I realize in the tech industry time is money, but this product seems to have been rushed by Amazon without proper testing.3. The remote control was very loud and annoying. I've been using a Roku remote for quite some time and it's whisper quiet. The remote that came with the Amazon Fire TV was very "clicky" and noisy.ORIGINAL REVIEW++ 4/4/14After 24 hours of use, I have come to the conclusion that the Amazon Fire TV will become the best streaming device available IF Amazon stays on top of software updates and continually listens to customer feedback and improves the device. Overall, I am very impressed with the speed of the AFTV. I also have a Roku 3 which I've been very pleased with as well.Pros --Very fast and easy to use interfaceGood app support out of the boxController easy to useSetup took less than 5 minutesCons --As a Prime member, I find I have to choose "other viewing options" on many movies to watch them for free.Noisy remoteOlder Netflix interfaceIf you are in the market for a new streaming device, I would highly recommend looking at the AFTV. It's a very powerful device and the fastest on the market. You can't go wrong with either this or the Roku 3. At this time, the Roku is better supported and has far more channels (apps) to download.I will continue testing my AFTV for the next week and update my review accordingly.
While the graphics and voice search are both amazing there really isn't much you can do. I've had this product for 3 days now using basically non-stop trying to find something that makes this product worth $99. It doesn't do much more than my kindle. The only thing this does that my kindle doesn't is voice search. I basically payed $99 for a bigger projection of my kindle.Lets talk features;Amazon Prime; If you don't have Amazon Prime or are never getting it in the future DO NOT buy this device. if you don't have Prime all you can do is play games, the good games need the $40 controller, listen to music and certain apps. I use the music feature when I want to fall asleep, I could easily use my radio but I'm trying to get my money's worth.Photos/Videos; you can upload pictures and videos you've taken to show family and friends on a bigger screen. I find this feature useless, I can see why people would use it I just have no use for it.Games; Games are okay but without the controller (which is an extra $40) They're not as simple to get the hang of.My mom bought this for me as a gift so I'm not trying to complain too much but if I had payed for it myself I would have sent it back the second day!
who has (for a lack of a better description) bent over backwards to help us in various situations and ALWAYS been truly more than fair to resolve concerns, we are a bit dissatisfied with the Fire TV since we have come to expect the absolute best from Amazon.  Setup was super easy and fast, then the problems popped up.  First, our service provider is Metrocast in Southern Maryland, not necessarily the most up-to-date. Two days after set-up, our wi-fi laptops and printer received no signals. Numerous calls to tech support at Metrocast with resets, etc. got us going, albeit for only minutes or a couple of hours.  Until this morning, after another frustrating hour of resets, etc.  the Aha light came on and I disconnected the Fire TV and all is well. In order to use the Fire TV, we had disconnected the newish Roku 3 and the Chromecast. The Fire TV intrigued us with its voice search, what a wonderful idea from punching in each letter of a title. I also forgot to mention, that when Fire TV and the rest was working, Netflix didn't and appeared as a grey screen (despite working when first out of the box).....So, if tech support reads this, please try to address these issues without cookie-cutter replies. We are using a Motorola SB 6580 (router built in).  Thank you.
None of your reviews are helpful you non verified buyers. If you were verified you would have a logo. So quit judging a product you don't own.Where do you find a box with voice to text? Not Roku, not Apple TV, not Google TV (except Asus's Cube).Yeah, it's built for prime and I don't like the searches go to paid shows that don't have a subscription.It's faster, it has VTT, Eth, dual band WiFi, and most all you need. Quad core Snapdragon is top of the line for games, 2GB is much bigger than competitors, and CNet says it's a big leap forward compared to the Apple TV. Boxes from Roku 1 and Apple TV 1 had the same issue with App developers, some are late on day one but it will come.If you below to a business that has a competitive product or you don't own the product then DO NOT REVIEW IT.The only valid reviews are 'icon' amazon verified purchase and 1 day shipping = very few ppl.If you want to play android games this system specs out has the highest guts/internals.BTW, I'm giving it a five star to off set one out of 100 reviewers 1 star review that don't have it and write pricky reviews to complain on a product they don't own.The deal breaker for me is this::: Voice Search only pulls up Amazon content.....well that BLOWS BIG TIME. Seriously if you want content you have to search everything!! Bad game to play Amazon, when I search my DirecTV guide I see everything and not just OH LET'S SHOP JUST AMAZON.
Great Interface, Great voice search, Big fan of Amazon, Big Fan of cutting the cord on my cable company...But missing two key components to run my living room!
I am sure this is a good product, but everything I want to watch costs. And nothing is cheap. Redbox is cheaper and most of this is free on Netflix. My grandson enjoyes the games.
I currently own (and use) AppleTV, Roku 3, Roku 2, Roku Streaming Stick, ChromeCast, and several other boxes.My two main go to units are the 1) Roku 3 and 2) Apple TV.The Apple TV has a nice polish that Roku doesn't have but Apple has you locked into iTunes and they're fixed pricing structure.Roku 3 replaces iTunes with Vudu, Amazon Video, Flixster, M-Go, Target and any number of (mainly UltraViolet) services which allows you the flexibility to choose where you want to buy or rent your content and where you want to play it. Cheaper to buy it on M-Go but you prefer to play it in Vudu, if it's UltraViolet no problem.Roku also supports Dolby Digital 7.1 and 3D which Apple TV doesn't.The Fire TV gives you, what &#34;I&#34; feel is a much smoother, faster, and more polished interface than Roku or especially Apple TV. Though both Apple TV and Roku are probably more &#34;grandma&#34; friendly as Fire TV is a big flashy as well.While Fire also includes NetFlix and Hulu+ like Apple TV or Roku and obviously Amazon video like Roku it doesn't include Vudu, M-Go, or any other UltraViolet service &#34;except&#34; for Flixster. For some reason Flxister is really stripped down and almost archaic. After selecting a movie it runs through all these command line scripts letting you know what it's doing in the background, little of which makes any sense. Also even though while selecting most of the movies shows HD as available after selecting most every time I got an error message saying that HD was not available at this time. Often like what happens when you try and watch a movie on some web streamers. And the SD was REALLY bad.There appears to be 7.1 in the Fire TV specs but I couldn't find any material, unlike Vudu where there is even a collection of all the 7.1 material. Likewise Fire also doesn't mention 3D support. The Hardware seems capable so perhaps this will come later but not for now.For someone that doesn't have any UltraViolet or iTunes movies and will be doing all their viewing through Amazon, Hulu+ and Netflix I would say it's a great box. If the flash doesn't mean anything to you then you could get something that displays the content in a similar quality and works &#34;about&#34; as well. Perhaps not as pretty but easier. Those boxes like Roku 2, or Roku Streaming Stick (HDMI version), or even Roku 3 (best choice if on sale) can be found for less than Fire TV. As low as $40 in some cases. Even Amazon has had the Apple TV on sale for around $80 delivered.If you already have something no need to jump ship. If you need something and want access to the digital copies from Blu-Ray or DVD then this is not for you (right now). If you want something with a 1000 (mostly useless) channels but is cheap and easy to use and has similar picture quality again not for you.Amazon makes a decent effort out the gate. It was probably a bit rushed. It could have included a little more and perhaps been priced a little cheaper (ESPECIALLY the controllers, WAY to much money for what they are).Something to WATCH and WAIT I think.
Need more third party apps -- esp. TWC, HBO Go, Dishworld. Seems responsive, voices search does not work outside Amazon streaming
That is a problem then with the Amazon TV.  My theater room and other systems use RCA (analog) or component hook ups.  I have a ROKU that provides an AV phone jack that lets me run it on any device that has an RCA input.  Since ROKU has the same apps and movies on Amazon and Netflic I don't see the copyright issue?  I still like the Amazon TV but don't like the fact that an RCA connection does not work.
The hardware is great, once it has more apps like mlb.tv, I'm sure it will have most of the important ones a year from now, then it will be a 5 star device.
The only reasons I would recommend this device over a Blu-ray player are:1) You don't want a Blu-ray player2) You want to play games for your phone on your TVIt steams video, but so do most Blu-ray players these days, even the inexpensive ones.It has voice recognition, but that is not reason enough to buy this device.In the end, I wish I had gone with an inexpensive Blu-ray player that would stream video as well. I don't need to play games for my phone on my TV.
Unless Amazon and Kindle gets the international region limits removed having Prime Instant Video is a Zero benefit to you, even certain apps advertised carry same limitations so as a buyer by cautious about this. Therefore I myself didn't invest in having one the product looks good, I wish all the US users a thumbs up and say too you enjoy.
When i got my tv it started acting up, losing wofi connections n stuff but then i seek for support and after that it runs fine....Storage is a big issue right now I am already full with the availble storage with only intial application n it doesnot support external storage from usb or hard drive.....that suck! Please fix it....Other then that work great! But yaa u will need higher internet speed atleast more then 15mbps...otherwise using fire tv will be stressful.....
As on the corver, Fire TV medium sized compact palm, can transfer content from a lot of apps and other sites that offer but I can not access to Youtube (I dont know how to connect???). Fire TV features the ability to search by voice, support more games and play on TV with export standard audio Dolby Digital Plus.I also difficult to install other apps from android althought I know that it base on android. At least, I want to access google.com but can not???Other apps, it has a lot of apps that can to show file, music... but we have to pay more money, it does not free????I think that Amazon need to improve so many things, Google.com & Youtube should include inside and can use
Plugged it in and it flashes between orange and white but never displays anything on the screen. Now I get to deal with the return fun.UPDATE! Was able to get it back up after restarting the unit a few times. We will see how it goes.
Works great and is very fast but you cannot mirror your iPhone or iPad to the device like you can with AppleTV. They really need to fix this!
Would likely be 5 stars -- but the best function of this device (voice search) doesn't let you search on anything other than amazon content.I'm relegated to spelling out letters with my remote for netflix and other apps.Fix the voice search, let me index netflix/plex/hulu and return results with it, and you have a killer app.Right now, it's 'just another' media player.
1) remote is bluetooth not IR - it means that you can't use your universal/logitech harmony remote with it...2) can't access your music/playlists on Amazon?! there's no app for it :-)
First off, the batteries that came with it were dead. Secondly, the system had to update when it first stated up. Thirdly, Amazon Prime has so little free material it's ridiculous. So many popular shows and movies cost to watch it's ridiculous.That all being said, the picture quality is leaps and bounds above the Wii my family was using for Amazon Prime. Having other apps is nice as well, but without more free content Amazon Prime and $99 for this device is rather steep.
I was excited about the idea of having easy access to amazon prime videos.  However - I don't like having to pay $2.99 just to watch one episode of a tv show. It seemed everything I search for was not free with the prime membership.  The voice search function is great, except it only works with amazon and not Netflix.  The product connected easy and was working great until the next day as there is no power button on the product the sound would not work on my surround sound system, I could hear the chime if I tried to search.  I did check the settings and had it set correctly to push the sound through the HDMI cord. I tried unplugging and turning everything off...and I got frustrated and returned this product.
Sadly, Amazon released their FireTV months before they should have.  Compared to devices like the Roku, Amazon's app selection is pitifully small, nor do they offer anything exclusive that you can't get on other (much cheaper) box top sets.Is speed better?  Yes it is, but not by the huge amount that you would think. On average, the FireTV starts movies/shows about 3 to 5 seconds faster than my Roku does.  That's not a lot of time saving for a device that costs twice as much.I do like the games on here better than the games on my Roku, but games take a LONG time to load - so there's a trade off with that as well.Ideally, Amazon should have waited six months and had a much huger selection of apps before they released this to the public. After three weeks of owning my Fire, Amazon hasn't added new apps the way I hoped they would. The Roku releases dozens of new apps per month, but it looks like the Fire is going to be more like the XBox One or PS4 - releasing only one or two apps in that period.So, technology-wise, there's nothing wrong with this product - but there ARE better options out there for the consumer.  There's nothing really new or innovative (the voice command thing isn't as impressive as Amazon would have you think - and it doesn't work on Netflix) here.
But it is slower the the Roku 3 and sometimes leaves the movie I am watching and the reloads it for no good reason at all.  It is not my router connection, either.  It has something to do with the Amazon Fire TV unit.  As I have a Roku 3, and it loads very fast and never stops to reload the streaming video I am watching.And the selection of apps you can have with this unit are very limited:  Amazon Instant Video, Netflix, Hulu, Vudu and Crackle which shows commercials (I hate commercials).  I can not even listen to the music that I purchased from Amazon, that is loaded on my Amazon MP3 Cloud Player, as that is not an option!I am really wondering and thinking about sending this unit back and the remote I bought with it and just getting another Roku 3 or another Smart TV, in the future.  I have had the unit for a week, now, and I am not impressed with it, at all.
Two missing feature really annoyed me to death with the release of the Fire TV. One of those feature and it a no brainer was the ability to shut down. I mean what is the reason for forcing us to have to get up and unplug just to shut down. Not to mention the plug in the back is very solid, it connect very good and tight, actually making it hard to unplug. Sure you can just leave it alone  and it will go into stand by mode, but why? Why do I have to wait, why can't I just shut down when I'm done using it. Many time I press the speak button thinking that the shut down button. Amazon may have money rolling deep in their pockets, but I'm just an average joe working a slave job for very little and electricity ain't cheap. I shouldn't be force to leave something on draining electricity and raising the cost of my bill. Even if it a measly extra $5, it still a raise in my electricity bill.The second missing feature is the ability to use external memories. Sure they tease us about it in the upcoming feature but I honestly think they just really don't want to add that feature in. Kinda like the ps4 and it ability to capture footage with a game capture system. Just like Amazon who was quoted saying "We have a usb in the back don't we" when ask why they didn't let us use external memories. I think they are just hoping we forget about it. In Amazon case they want us to use their digital services. Buying movies and music from them. Instead of the abilities to bring in our own. What is the problem you ask, they have the right to do what they want with their system right? Sure if it doesn't affected me in a negative way. What do I mean by that you ask?Well this system only give you 8gb of memories. You would think that would be enough since android apps are small right. Well I only had this system for about two week and I'm already struggling with memories issues. I only install 2 big games and a bunch of streaming movies apps. Those game are Modern Combat 4 and Asphalt 8 plus a bunch of apps. Now I get an annoying pop up asking me to free up space. it appear and lock up everything until I do. It happen when I'm watching a movie and when I cancel it, it reappear over and over until I do free up space. Pretty much I had to uninstall Asphalt 8 since it was the free game out of the two games. This wouldn't be a problem if they didn't even offer those game in the first place. They were big games, I'm sure Amazon knew this, but I guess they wanted to impress us with Fire Tv graphic capabilities. Which lag at times I might add for those games.As for the streaming itself, so far I had no problem with it. Everything work as it should , I don't have hbo go to begin with so I don't care for it like other reviewers on here. My main streaming is Netflix and it work as it should. Now had I've been able to use the speak button and actually look for Netflix stuff, it would of been so much better. In reality it only work on Amazon services which is understandable but I wish they had made it clear on their part. So don't expect to think you can search with your voice in Netflix. It just going to take you to Amazon movie services. I also wish you can browse for prime movies and not just see the newest uploaded. I still find myself on my computer looking at the Amazon prime video section adding movies to my watchlist and going to the Fire TV to watch it. I shouldn't have to do this, I don't just want to watch the newest prime upload. If there is a prime browsing section, they sure made it hard to find.I find myself trying very hard to not accidentally buy or rent a movie. Since everything is so mix in together. Not like here on the computer where it all in section. At least on the ps3 version they have a prime section that you go into, and even than they still listed prime in big letter so you know it a prime movie so it free to stream as long as you have amazon prime of course. It gotten to the point where I don't even let the little ones touch the remote in fear that they might buy something. I don't turn on parental control since I'm the one mostly using it, but sometime you just take your eyes away for that split 2nd and next thing you know Frozen is being played on the tv. This is why they only get to watch Netflix and only on Netflix is where they get to hold the remote. Sorry Amazon you mess up on that part also.Hopefully they take our reviews into account and maybe hopefully on the next update add in these feature I mention as well as others that people mention that will do the system good.
Disappointed that the usb port is on the back and not the side or front.  Tried to use, like the Roku, to play movie on a flash drive without success.  Couldn't even find it and impossible to get at the usb port when it is installed under the tv and all the wires back there.  Couldn't link to media stored on the network.  Waiting for more firmware updates...
First let me say that I do own a Roku XR (one of the older original models) as well as an Apple TV (brand new edition).I had purchased the Apple TV thinking I would replace the Roku I had in the bedroom and then purchased the Amazon Fire TV to replace the Roku in my family room. I thought I could try out the Apple and Amazon models.Here's what I found:1)  Strong points the Amazon has over the other two?  None.2)  Number of apps (channels) available goes to Roku hands down.Worst for app selection...Amazon.  Of course if you only watch the big ones like Netflix, Hulu, Crackle or children's channels it won't bother you.3)  Worst for layout and ease of navigation...Amazon.4)  Voice search on Amazon....eh no biggie don't get excited.5)  Remote buttons hardest to use because of size....Apple.6)  Apple and Roku both take a few seconds to load up, Amazon loads instantly.7)  Layout of content presentation for Netflex is awkward on Amazon.8)  Free movies available (included in the monthly fee for Roku although not current in the theater movies) goes hands down to Roku.9)  Current movies (in or just out of theaters) available to purchase or rent goes to Apple with the largest selection. Roku streaming does not offer current movies to rent or purchase.  Amazon has a very limited selection.10)  Music from your I-tunes account is only available with Apple TV.  In fact anything in your I-tunes account can be shown or heard on Apple TV....and you can sync all of your Apple products like I-phone, I-pad, I-pod and Apple TV.  This is really nice to have available.11)  Quality of picture is very good on both Amazon and Apple.  Since my Roku is an old model I will excuse the poorer quality picture.  It just isn't sharp like the others even with HDMI and an HD TV.Summary:  if I had to choose today between the three, Amazon Fire TV would be my last choice.I would certainly choose the Apple for syncing ability, excellent picture quality, current movie choices, and good navigation.I would probably also choose a newer model of Roku (just to upgrade the old one I have) for the sheer volume of streaming choices all included in the monthly fee of about $8 and use both boxes.Amazon Fire TV just doesn't offer anything special except voice search and that is just not exciting.Would I recommend Amazon's Fire TV?  No.
If/When the voice search function works in Netflix, I'll be ordering one.  Until then, while the speed and smoothness is appealing, I can't justify buying one.
I purchased this unit for its' ability to access Amazon Prime. I also have a Apple TV box that, which I am very pleased with, but it cannot access Prime.The unit is indeed fast. It loads and runs programs better than any I have seen.My first disappointment was discovering that it outputs video as 8 bit RGB only. I would have expected YCbCr 422 or 444.My second was that the remote does not offer IR in addition to bluetooth connection. It is an issue with me as I use a control system for my theater and with IR control, I could integrate the Fire TV into my controller. A simple box to TV hookup it will be fine. But, integrating it into a theater system is problematic!The voice command did not impress me. Each time it required me to confirm what I said...not like the instant jump portrayed in the commercials.I have a problem with the Dolby Digital Plus output over HDMI or Optical. My A/V processor will not output 7.1 audio from its 5.1 input. In fact it sends my processor into mute. I must put my processor into bypass to output only 5.1 to match the input. I believe this may be a processor issue, however, my Apple TV box does not create the same issue.The apps that are integrated are adequate, but not overwhelming. As a DirecTv subscriber, I cannot us the Showtime Anytime app as DirecTv in not on the list of providers.I am going to return the unit.
My Fire TV is only 2 days old and I'm somewhat disappointed. Granted it has voice application but it lacks the amount of Apps that I find in my low cost Roku. I'm sick to death of all these children's Apps. Seniors like to explore and expand their horizons (&#34;it's not over till it's over&#34;). On my Roku there were Apps for learning a foreign language such as Italian or Arabic. Why isn't there more educational tools on this application. I love playing games like Trivial Pursuit or word puzzles. No such animal on the Fire TV - just more of the same old same old but at a higher price when you factor in the extra bucks for the HTM cable. And by the way I did have to type in my email address  and a password to get Netflix etc. on the Fire TV.
The device is just as competent as my AppleTV 1.  However, my Apple TV 1 can control the volume of its output.I understand the FireTV remote is bluetooth.  My Vizio TV also has a Bluetooth remote.  I don't know why the FireTV remote can't have the up/down sections of the ring button control my TV volume.  This is a bummer, a major missed opportunity, and forcing me to keep two remotes on the coffee table will be a constant source of irritation when comparing it to the AppleTV.
Wish it supported more video formats like MKV, avi and others like WDTV. Until its start supporting more video formats i wont be getting it and will be force to be stuck with my wdtv.
Nothing here that you can't already do with your kindle. Less quality in both picture and sound than through a direct hdmi cable. This technology has a long way to go. If you want to compare, try Pandora on this and then use a direct cable connect. A whole world of difference. Plus, if you're watching a video by yourself, why do you need this? The kindle screen and headphones can't be beat.
Well, I went ahead a purchased my Amazon Fire TV even though it didn't have HBO GO.  I thought well at least it has ShowtimeAnytime.  But, to my great disappointment when I tried to register my Showtime account it didn't work because I have Directv.  I guess they do not have a deal for streaming Showtime with Directv.  U-Verse yes, Directv no!  The unit is good other than the lack of streaming HBO & Showtime.  It is very fast and the picture is excellent.  I just hope they add more apps in the near future.
I was so excited!  The way that its described I thought for sure it would be just as good or better than my Roku 2, boy was I sadly mistaken.  I cant get the WWE NETWORK and that is an app I pay for monthly so that is a must have.  When I first plugged it in it was making strange static noises on my tv, but then straightened out when the menu came up.  That is really my only problem with it.  The voice search was pretty cool, and I had no problem with Hulu and Netflix, but if they do not pick up WWE I am returning this.
I was very interested in purchasing the Amazon Fire TV until I called Amazon to find out how many Apps the Voice Control worked with. Their answer: Amazon only. That's only one of all the Apps listed. The description gives the impression that it works with all of them. I think I'll wait until they figure out how to make it work with the others. When they figure that out, I'll definitely buy one - maybe two.
Can't play movies from local USB Drive.Most games can't play without game controller (another $40).  This makes the unit cost $140.No HBO GoNo third party app install (not really big deal to me.. yet)
I absolutely love Amazon as a company however I feel the Amazon Fire TV fell short.One of the major features they marketed was the voice search feature. Which works very well for Amazon Prime On-Demand / Amazon Prime Free movies. It does not work inside other applications like Youtube, Plex, Netflix, etc.Technology wise, the Amazon Fire TV packs a punch and is quick. It looks great, is smooth, and has a fairly organized user interface. The only part I have to complain about is its lack of DTS audio and AC3 support.The remote is excellent, feels good in your hand, isn't large but also isn't so small you'd lose it.Overall, the Amazon Fire TV is a good streaming box, competes well with the Roku devices but could really dominate if Amazon continues to improve the features through software updates and fixing the Voice search to work inside each application.
It's the little things...I have to say, prime music from my tv was a selling point for me. However,Prime Music doesn't play from Amazon Fire tv. How can that be when it's an Amazon product and I play my prime music on most any other device?  Ok, that's a downer and perhaps at some point Amazon will get around to making it available. Before anyone gets around to telling me what's written and where let me point out that in their advertising Amazon states one can listen to their Amazon music from Amazon Fire tv. I don't expect to have to read the fine print to find out that Amazon was referring only to the music I've purchased.In my home we have more than one Amazon account. However, the Amazon Fire TV does not allow for access to another amazon account. This is a problem in that we cannot switch accounts and watch movies we've payed for on the other account. And no, I do not see the answer as purchasing another Amazon Fire tv device and plugging and unplugging every time we want to watch a movie on the other person's account.Netflix is also glitchy at times.I do like the ease of plug and watch.However, that is overshadowed at this point by the major points above. At this point, I'm not sure I would recommend this to a friend or family member.
I was an early adopter of Apple-TV, and now own 3.  Since the Apple TV has been on the market for several years now, I was expecting the brand new Fire TV to be better in every way.Bottom line - it's not.  In some areas it's not even close.1. Netflix - this is why I bought the Apple TV in the first place.  Compared to the Apple, the FireTV downloads a little faster, and films look a little better (1080p).  But, compared to the Apple TV, the Fire's interface for Netflix is woefully primitive.  Looks more like the Netflix app on a kindle, which is where I bet they ported the software from.  Very hard to search, find your queue.  For Netflix I still use my Apple TV.2. Prime - this is very good.  Lots of films and TV shows included with a reasonably priced subscription.  Excellent picture quality and HD sound.  To me this is by far the best feature on the Fire TV.  This they did right.3. Voice search - this is also very good, works quickly and is usually quite accurate.  Far faster than typing.  Downside is that it only works within Amazon world.  I.e. you can't voice search on Netflix.  That's a real shame, would have been a great feature.4.  Music - this is the biggest disadvantage of the Fire TV.  Using my Apple TV I can stream my entire library of almost 900 albums to any TV / stereo in my house.  Smoothly and easily.  With very good sound quality.  Amazon has a cloud player app for the iphone which is fairly equivalent and works well, but NOT for the Fire TV.  Why not?  That would seem to me to be a no-brainer.  For me this is HUGE negative as I often use the Apple TV's to play MY music.  Not to stream borrowed music from Pandora or I heart radio....5.  Paid Films - watching films from the Apple store on Apple TV is fairly seamless.  So is the Fire.  There's no real advantage to either device that I can see - the small increase in picture quality on the Fire TV is balanced by an interesting pricing conundrum.  That is, on Amazon once you find a film (or browse) you might have to pay.  Or not.  There is no easy way to search for free / Prime content.  With the Apple TV when I'm willing to pay or looking for a recent film I use the apple store, when I'm looking for free I use Netflix.  There's also no rhyme or reason to film rental pricing on Amazon, some very old films cost $5.99 to rent, while some recent films are $0.99 or free.6.  Shopping - Why the heck can't you shop with the Fire TV?  To me that seems like another huge blunder.  I can shop from Amazon using my iPhone, but they couldn't write a shopping app for this whiz-bang new device?  Like the omission of the cloud-player, that's a big mistake in my opinion.7.  Streaming Photos from phone - the Apple TV does this amazingly well, and it's hugely fun to see and share large-screen versions of your photos.  Could not figure out how to make the Fire TV do this.  Another huge downside.  I suspect you can upload them to the Amazon cloud, but streaming directly from phone to TV is really a nice feature in Apple world.8.  Overall - the Fire TV is nice device, and a reasonable competitor to the Apple TV and Roku.  But honestly, if you've got an iPhone and / or an iTunes library I think you'd be happier with an Apple TV.  If you're more interested in streaming old TV episodes or playing Pandora, then the Fire TV is fine.  With some new apps (better Netflix interface, shopping, wireless photo-streaming, cloud-player) The fire TV could wind up being better eventually.  But it's not quite there yet.  At all.
This was very easy to install but after that I was disappointed about how many of the movies and TV shows that you had to pay for.  I thought there would be more shows that would be free. Even things like old TV shows like Bonanza.  The setup is very easy.
Couple of things caught my eye on this new device.  Voice activated search: finally an improved way to find your programming , yes!  The ability to mirror from my tablet to my TV, yes! The ASAP feature, no more buffering? Yes! That would be awesome!  Finally the quad processor  and more memory  is a step up. These are the reasons I bought the Fire TV.EDITED COMMENTS: After receiving and using the Fire TV: Disappointed :(  , voice activation works, yes, finally got mirroring to work. Its is faster, granted, no problems whatsoever playing Amazon content, Netflix movies took a bit longer to load but played fine. The lack of a broader spectrum of apps is disappointing, I hope that improves. Until Amazon gets the number of channels i use on Roku, I'm keeping my Roku 2 for now. Luckily, both units use the same cords so easy enough to unplug one and plug in the other if I want to watch content on the Roku. Seems the Roku is staying number one for now, but keeping the the Fire as I am sure Amazon will add more content with customers demanding it.Bottom line, great for Amazon movies and TV, games: meh, I dont play them and they look very childish, lol. Replaces my Roku? not quite. Better than Apple TV? I dont know, never owned one. Sorry Amazon, three stars for just OK. More content, more content, more content. Need to catch up with Roku, lol
I bought this mostly to use as a video streaming device and also for some lightweight video gaming.  Firstly, I do like this device for streaming Amazon videos.  I also enjoy some of the games, though they're mostly simple games ported over from android phones/tablets.  The Fire TV launched with a broad selection of game titles though.  I would rate it 5 stars, but I have a few complaints about how the OS works, the limited features, and how software/media is organized.The video quality for the HD content has been pretty good, and I haven't seen any issues with video lag or buffering.  Browsing for content is a pain though.  The search interface is entirely through the remote control microphone and voice recognition.  The search can quickly find specific video titles, actors, apps, games, etc.  However, it can't handle anything but simple searches.  For example, I found myself wanting to browse through action movies that are free on prime, but my attempts at just viewing 'prime videos' came up short.  I even tried searches such as "prime videos" and "prime movies", but the majority of content it found weren't prime.  When I searched for "prime movies" for example, 3 of the first 5 movies displayed weren't prime.  When I tried searching for "prime tv", the top result was the Showtime app.  Despite how simple the search is, the Voice Recognition for the search feature was pretty fast and accurate.The way installed apps are organized and display could use some work too.  I keep longing for a home screen with a list of my installed apps.  That's another place where I think the Kindle Fire does a better job, but to be fair that's probably a good use for the Fire TV's Voice Search function.  Maybe I'll get over the missing home screen if I get more accustomed to using Voice Search.  The lack of a web browser is also kind of frustrating, since this seems like a place where Amazon's Silk web browser could shine.  Quickly voice searching for stuff on google, and dictating emails would be nifty features.  I'd also like the ability to search for and stream videos, music, and other content available on Windows or UPnP shares in my home network.  Perhaps in a future software update?The device itself is pretty small, which is nice.  It's about the size of a square drink coaster, and less than an inch high.  The communication with the remote control is not through infrared like TV remotes.  I really like that it doesn't use infrared since I can hide the Fire TV device in a cabinet and don't need line of sight to use the remote.  The Included remote isn't very fancy, and doesn't have an accelerometer or anything.  I was expecting the remote to work like wii's remote, but it is more similar to a CD player remote.  I do like the tactile feeback on the remote, and the solid feeling 'click' of the buttons.  The remote uses 2 included AAA batteries.  The add-on Game Controller works great for me.  I've read some reviews about there not being a 'dead zone' or something, but I've had no problems with it.  The Game Controller works over bluetooth so I even use it with my Android phone.  Unfortunately, the Game Controller doesn't work with my older Kindle Fire HD.It's helpful to remember that the device doesn't come with an HDMI cable, so you'll need to buy one if you don't have an extra.  It requires a standard/full size HDMI cable, which was disappointing since I had an extra mini HDMI cable on hand for use with the Kindle Fire.  I'd like to see Amazon pick some standards across their devices and make them all similar.  Use Silk on all devices, use the same HDMI cable on all devices, allow all devices to use the game controller, etc.  Having to buy different accessories and apps for similar devices is kind of a pain.All in all, I like the device.  Some features could stand to be improved, but I think this is a great first attempt at a TV streaming device.  I'm sure it'll continue to get better with future software versions and apps.
I chose three stars because the Fire TV can be very good but it still needs to mature a little more. I like the features and applications available. The GUI is easy to use and pretty intuitive.There are just a couple things I have found so far that seem to be bugs which when fixed will deserve a star or two. One issue I have found is with the Dolby surround. Sometimes my audio will stop working and the Fire TV requires a reboot. This has happened a couple times but overall it seems to work correctly, maybe a problem with an app. The second issue I have noticed is also audio related. There seems to be some kind of high pitch sound when watching videos. It happens during louder scenes on movies etc. I do not notice this on my Roku or Xbox attached to the same sound system.Overall I like it but will probably stick with my Roku 3 until Amazon has had time to fix the bugs.
I decided to &#34;cut the cable&#34; after believing all of the claims of Hulu Plus having &#34;day old shows&#34; and Amazons vast library of &#34;free&#34; programming.  Other reviews can explain better than I regarding the workings of the Amazon Fire system.  I will say it was easy to set up and the voice system works amazingly well. The pictures are clear, etc.My disappointment (and it is a big one) is the numerous additional fees. I do not watch a lot of contemporary programming but I do like the guy shows: Fast N Loud, Pawn Stars, Dual Survivor, etc.  Anything remotely current requires an additional $1.99 or $3.99 PER EPISODE.  Amazon will &#34;additional fee&#34; you to death and any savings realized from dumping the cable company can be eaten up easily.The hype would lead one to think there would be more free programming than limited episodes of really &#34;old&#34; stuff or &#34;B&#34; series programs which did not make the grade.  HuluPlus is even a bigger disappointment, but that is for another review.
I go this and a roku.Yes, the roku is now less powerful and has less games (oh noes!).But... the amazon is more powerful for same price.Why roku wins?  In-remote headphone jack.  We have a huge entertainment system.  If I want to watch a BA movie and not wake up the house, I simply plug in the headset.  Instantly my 7.1 shuts off and the sound is in my earbuds.If Amazon had this, it would be the winner.  If they update to add this, they will dominate.  Until then, this is a great bachelor device.  If  you've got people living with you, the Roku wins.Amazon Voice search is a little wonky.... you can search for Netflix movies, Vudu movies etc that you already own or have a subscription to, and it points you to Amazon to buy a new copy!  YAY!
I needed a replacement for my aging Roku XDS. I thought I would give Fire TV a try. The box was easy to set up and get onto my network. I'm not really an ala carte movie renter. I prefer to pay a monthly fee and get access to a lot of content. As such, I prefer Netflix and Amazon Prime videos to Amazon Instant Videos. So I didn't really get a lot of benefit from always being in the Amazon Instant Video &#34;App&#34; because I was always having to load up the Netflix app.The voice search was nice and fairly accurate, but it seemed to only search Amazon for movies. Case in point; I searched for &#34;Breaking Bad&#34;, something I knew to be on both Amazon and Netflix. I expected to be told that it was on both. Instead, I was directed to the pay-per-episode on Amazon even though the entire series was on Netflix.The Roku 3, which I purchased when I sent back the Fire TV will report hits on both Amazon and Netflix.
Set up was easy, seems to work quite well. BUT the inability to search for AMAZON PRIME videos is a major drawback. I imagine amazon can probably address this issue with a software update. My guess is that amazon wants to tempt you into buying more content on a pay to view basis. Whether amazon does or does not address this issue will spell out their intentions for amazon 'tv'
The Roku has both support for your music purchased from Amazon through the Cloud Player and a remote app that allows you to control the device through your Kindle Fire.  This device has neither.The curious absence of both features makes this device less integrated with the Amazon ecosystem than the Roku.The remote doesn't use IR, so you can't control the device with your universal remote.The ability to "fling" videos from your Kindle Fire is only supported on the HDX devices.  I have a generation one Kindle Fire and will be swapping my new Fire TV out for my old Roku until Amazon publishes a remote control app and adds a cloud music player.The video content loads faster and buffers a bit less (which really wasn't a problem with my Roku).  Overall, I'd still rather wait 10 seconds for content to load and be able to control the device with my universal remote or my Kindle Fire.The search feature works great but only for Amazon content.Bottom line:  I own nearly every streaming device ever made (PS3, Xbox, Streamium, Netgear EVO, Roku, Roku XS, Google TV) The content display is indistinguishable from the ROKU and not quite as sharp as the PS3.  I bought this device assuming there would be better integration with Amazon's ecosystem (because that's what I'm committed to).  I hope they get to that.
This was fairly easy to set up despite rather poor and skimpy instructions. The voice search feature has not worked at all. It never finds what I ask  it to find even though all I ask of it is to search in the prime movies. The wireless connection does not remain connected even though it registers a strong signal  It often disconnects.On the plus side I was able to watch a prime movie. By pure luck I was able to turn on subtitles as well. Nothing quite as good as watching a movie and being able to read what the sound is saying as well.Based on the quality of this product I feel that it is overpriced. I will keep it with the hope that future downloadable upgrades will be forthcoming to improve this Fire TV  to at least the level of the latest Roku and more. I have been an Amazon shopper for years and have faith in their ability to produce a quality product.
&#34;Amazon Fire TV is a tiny box you connect to your HDTV.&#34;Well, yes; maybe except for those two itty bitty tiny dongles: Chromecast & Roku.  On top of their own small size each of the dongles uses USB power access, so all disappears behind the TV.  This is form factor nirvana.I have not seen a power supply the size of the FireTV power supply size since my Lionel train set from the '60s.  We are not trying to replace the DirectTV Set Top Box the size of a 55 Buick with a streaming media player that has a power supply the size of a 55 Desoto.
I have had this box for almost one week. The only thing that works is Pandora and IHeartRadio and the screen saver with Cloud. I can watch movie trailers but when I go to watch anything I either get a blue screen or black screen with everything but the picture. I have tried wireless and direct connect. I have reset moden/cable. I have plugged and unplugged and even received a second Fire TV with no luck. I have high speed internet at 30 Mpbb and a Vizio HDMI/HDTV - tech support has been working with me and says everything looks ok from their end and they assure me my computer has nothing to do with this box. I am at my wits end here and hope they can figure out what is happening. Tried a new HDMI (cheaper one) and I got a brief glimpse of a movie until it when blue again. This is insane!!!!
It only recognizes voice for amazon prime.  They should have been more open about it. Otherwise it appears to play well
I was really hoping this would search across Amazon, Netflix, and Hulu. Unfortunately, it doesn't.As mentioned in other reviews, the rest is great. It's fast, voice search actually works, and it's very simple to set up. For me, however, search not working across the three major providers is a deal breaker. I don't want to open three different apps to see if the show I want to watch is in any of them.Once this gets sorted, I plan on getting rid of cable TV. Sadly, it seems I need to stick with cable for a bit longer. Amazon Fire TV is not yet intuitive enough for my whole family to use it.
So I received my new Fire TV yesterday afternoon and was excited to start using a streaming box. I own a Panasonic Plasma HDTV with the Viera Smart Apps, a PS3 & and Xbox360. I also use an AppleTV at the office that I'm signed in with using all my streaming services and I've also played around with a Roku (which I really like).  Although streaming content is relatively simple with all these devices, I feel it leaves a lot more to be desired besides pumping out streaming content. Enter the Amazon Fire TV. Here's where the Fire TV stands out from the rest that I liked and that's the Voice Search capabilities. It's also the single most feature that needs improvement as well. I really enjoyed searching for content using my voice as apposed to entering it in with text. It's simple and effective. I even had my kids give it a run and it recognized what they were looking for too. If Amazon is trying to go up against Apple TV and their supposed &#34;walled garden&#34; then they need to open up the voice search capabilities similar in functionality to a Roku. Allow the user to search for content across ALL apps including Netflix and not just Prime content. Perhaps this was a business decision and a poor one in my opinion. Also, no HBO Go out the gate? You do know that Games of Thrones Season 4 is about to begin do you Amazon? I'm sure not everyone is an HBO subscriber but there are plenty of people out there borrowing their buddies logins to watch HBO programming. Come on Amazon, you guys get onboard with this please? Playing games on the Fire TV seems like an interesting concept that I'm sure will mature over time. I had my son playing the Minion Rush game which was fun on the big screen. He's 5 and got the hand of using the remote as a controller pretty quickly. Eventually I'll probably shell out for the game controller down the road as more games become available but for now I'm more than content with my PS3/Xbox360 gaming investment. The design of the box is pretty clean and simple, I like it as well as it having built-in LAN capabilities. I always plug in using wired ethernet. I've got the Fire TV connected directly into my home theater receiver via HDMI for 5.1 surround sound audio which is then going HDMI out directly to my plasma. If the Fire TV is going to be GREAT then I feel two things need to be added. First, allow the voice search to work with all the apps like Netflix & Hulu Plus and second, GET HBO GO!!! Hopefully Amazon will listen to its faithful customers and get this in an update soon enough.
The Fire TV is good, but unfortunately, it's not great. There are several other reviews that go over the features, so I won't belabor those points. However, I do want to make a few observations and offer my own subjective experience with it. For reference, I use Roku 3, Roku 2, AppleTV, and a Mac Mini regularly. The great news is that you no longer need a Mac Mini to get great HTPC features, so we consumers are already posting a win. Nowadays, a sub $100 box does stuff that cost me $800 a few years ago.1. The box itself is sleek and the remote control feels nice. Easy setup.2. Image quality: Very bright, but feels "over-sharpened". It looks a little artificial. Over several weeks, I've gotten used to it and it doesn't glare quite as much at me anymore, but I still prefer the image created by the Roku 3 and AppleTV. I don't know if this is a decoding issue that can be fixed with software update or if it'sa hardware decoder issue that is fixed. Again, this is subjective. Some people may like it -- just like some people like "bass" in their earphones, or prefer the "Vivid" setting on their TV.3. Remote Control: Feels good, looks good, but Amazon put all the work into the voice feature and didn't add "skip back / replay" button which is annoying. I read somewhere today that you can double tap the rewind button for that. I haven't tried it, but it's seems a little annoying to me even if it works like that. Except the directional circle and the center OK button, the remote doesn't feel intuitive to me.4. Performance: This is where I hoped that this box would excel since it has a quad-core processor, etc. But using PLEX and some MKV files, it has actually choked on a few of my files! I put this box head to head with the Roku 3, using wired ethernet and wireless ethernet. On a few movies, the Fire TV would stop and stutter, whereas the Roku 3 played them just fine. The box is faster with menus, but on actual playback performance, it was actually worse in some cases.5. Interface: Basically, clunky and cumbersome navigation. Also, it feels like the interface was designed for a 1024px screen and you're viewing on an 800px screen.Clarification:  the reason it appears this way is that there is negative space on the left side and on the top if the screen. Meanwhile the icons bleed off the right side and bottom of the screen, and the icons are cut-off. It's like a web browser was shifted off the screen down and to the right.That may not bother many people, but for me it's visually unpleasing.6. Audio options: Doesn't do DTS, where as the Roku 3 does. With Roku 3, you do need an AV Receiver with HDMI input to get the DTS. If you have an older receiver, you won't get 5.1 surround with Roku 3. The FireTV has an optical out for older receivers.WORTH NOTING: Regarding Dolby Digital Plus, the Amazon comparison chart says that Roku 3 does NOT support DD+. HOWEVER, in my experience, my Roku 3 DOES SUPPORT DD+ via Netflix and presumably other sources.If DTS is important to you, you'll want to get the Roku 3.7. Netflix - interface is not as nice as the one on Roku 3.8. Plex - Plex interface is newer, but not sure I like it better. Even though I keep calibrating the Plex, it never actually works and some part of the left edge of my screen doesn't show an image.8. Moir&eacute; effect - Several of the screen saver images produce a moir&eacute; effect during the Ken Burns animation (zooming and panning). The images are gorgeous, but as the pan/zoom effect is going on, you can see "waves". My guess is that the software or hardware algorithms aren't very good. In either case, by now the technology to pan and zoom is ubiquitous on any platform and this kind of effect should not be happening.Summary: Overall, the Amazon box is a nice addition to what's out there and elevates the game from a hardware standpoint. However, the software leaves much to be desired. Despite the better hardware, I surprisingly experienced performance issues in comparison to identical content on a Roku 3. (Glitchy playback, moir&eacute; effect on zoom/pan). Remote control could be more intuitive. Sound options aren't as good. Interface is kludgy.I do not think it is the Game Changer that I hoped it was based on the other review, but I do actually like the box and I'm hopeful that it gets better with software updates. But it is not significantly better or faster than Roku 3 or Apple TV. The menus are faster, it's fun to use something new, but beyond that, the experience with the other boxes is better. Importantly, there's nothing about the box that is bad.Update: My wife likes the interface on FireTV better than the Roku, but I think she is swayed by the gorgeous screensaver :)
This is another ho- hum streaming box. The voice search is a nice feature, but it only works for the proprietary Amazon apps. My biggest disappointment  is that there is no access to the Amazon Cloud player. Perhaps Amazon will correct this with a future update. I regret the purchase. It is more digital clutter that will go unused.
This has to be the softest, best feeling remote I've ever held. It's coated in a soft-touch rubber coating but is still extremely light in the hand. I do wish, that for $99, Amazon included an HDMI cable.Functionality is decent, but only really worth it if you dont have a Smart TV or media player already. Hard to compare this to a Chromecast...as the chromecast doesnt require a power cable and is extremely portable, while the Fire TV certainly is not.
First of all, lets get to a BIG issue. This by NO means is 1080 resolution. I compare direct TV and my Hi-Def DVD player and positively the resolution is not there. What they give you is color saturation that isn't anything like reality, but young kids will love the circus reds and greens etc.Most of us want realism, and what looks like our real world, not so much color that it clearly looks "Phony."Everything looks like the colorized old movies no one likes.All peoples faces are just muted like they have tons of make-up on and no hair on face, everyone looks alike ,blemished or any detail is NOT seen. To see pores or hair stubble or tiny acne scars won't happen with this set-up, and I'm so very disappointed because I LOVE DETAIL and hi-resolution. Instead they use the bandwidth to shove glaring oranges and greens at us as if were in kindergarten.ALSO: I see I now must find a film, one by one and not page by page. I have 415 in my watch-list and MUST scroll through the whole list one at a time to find something. JUST AWFUL!!!The screen print is so small I find it hard to read even on a 50 inch Sony screen at only 15 feet away.It's very fast for sure ,and fairly intuitive. It's as small as two decks of cards and remote can get lost in one hand.If it weren't for added speed I would send this back and am still thinking about it. It does make some older films, especially in b/w look better for sure I see. It has fixed the stop and go problems with even Netflix as well so that's a big plus.It would be so much better to allow us to put films in folders to cut down traffic and time but no such luck. If I didn't own this...that would be fine, and wouldn't miss much at all I'm sorry to say because I used to LOVE Amazon, but lately they are getting like everyone else...forgetting who pays the bills and creates their jobs. A lot of mistakes in customer service in last three months I've noticed and that was never like that before.Bring back the old Amazon please.
This media streamer is only OK. I bought the Fire TV at Best Buy and ended up returning it. The user interface is awful. I have had all three of the major media streamers between my 3 TV's. Amazon Fire TV lacks what Roku 3 and Apple TV have. They both have easy to use navigation but the Amazon Fire TV just is no good. I want a media streamer that my 5 year old son can use for cartoons. He is able to handle the Apple TV (which in my opinion is the easiest to learn of them all) and also the Roku 3 (which is still pretty easy). This device has no pictures until you select exactly what type of thing you are wanting to watch. I really wanted the voice command to work for my son who cannot read yet so that he could just say what he wanted to watch. The problem is A) it only works for Amazon instant video, B) it is not accurate like Siri on the iPhone at figuring out what you are saying C) If I were to say &#34;Spongebob&#34; or something, it brings up all pay and non pay items and you cannot filter it. My son ends up trying to watch pay per view shows and it doesn't work and he freaks out. I would highly recommend either the Roku 3 or Apple TV (my personal favorite). I love Amazon and use there Amazon Prime all the time but I'm kind of disappointed.
Received the Amazon Fire TV box yesterday and set up was as advertised.  Am I keeping it??  Jury is still out on that, can access Netflix and it is faster than the blue-ray player I was using, however I cannot find anything on &#34;Amazon Prime&#34; that does NOT cost me extra $$$$ to watch.  I need to do further research before I decide to keep this little box as I was mistaken as to my Prime benefits!!  So if you are a senior on a fix income you might want to really stop and consider this purchase, especially if you are looking for an inexpensive way to watch movies.
Amazon put an 8GB hard drive on board this device. That's good, but the best set top boxes of the future will need to have some sort of DVR aspect in order to be really competitive with cable company offerings. If you could pause the show you were watching, or record one while watching another one, these aspects of a &#34;streaming video player&#34; would be more useful, almost to the point of essential. By omitting these features, Amazon put its Fire TV in a class with Roku and Chromecast, whereas they could have been in a class of their own.  Even if FireTV is found to be the best in its class, it won't be long before Roku or Chromecast comes out with its own nuances that rival or are better than this device.In other words, what would make me want to ditch my Roku investment for another Roku-like model? The voice activation is not enough in and of itself, for me. The faster processing is a necessary component, but not sufficient to make me ditch my roku.
How hard is it to tell us what services will not be available outside the US?  Seems like a simple task instead of us having to hunt all over to find out.  I like the idea but wont buy right away until I find out the service coverage.
Well this does look cool and having games is a big one up over roku.I have a chromecast and on your chart I have noticed some errors.The chormecast has VOICE SEARCH as its built in to all andriod devices, and the chromecast does have NO LINE OF SITE REMOTE cause your phone or tablet is the remote and you just need to be on the same network not in the same room
Until you add hbo go, you won't be able to compete.  Too bad....I like the idea.  You are almost there!
I would totally get this if it had HBO. I need me some of that there Game of thrones. word
Can this box stream content from my NAS?  Without this functionality, this is worthless to me.  My old XBOX 360 does this, but it's old and loud.  My new XBox One does not.  Anybody know about streaming from a NAS from this device?With this, I'll give it a 5.  Without, a 1.
I have many set top boxes. It's part of my job to have a handle on these things. The setup experience was painless and awesome, especially since they already had it tied to my account. After watching the intro video, I decided to have my wife try out searching by voice. We picked a name that wasn't as easy as &#34;Hugh Jackman&#34; (what they use in the intro video), but something that wasn't unpronounceable either. We picked &#34;Keanue Reeves.&#34; It kept suggesting &#34;Kiana Reeves.&#34; Thinking it was her voice, I tried and got the same results. Not a huge deal.But then I wanted to watch House of Cards, and was shocked to discover that the voice search ONLY searches Amazon's library of content. The Roku 3 will search ALL services to show you which ones are free, and what the prices are of the paid ones. That alone is worth it, plus the Roku 3 has more apps available to it as its been out longer.This is a great box, by all stretches and it will only get better (more apps) since it's based on Android. But with the one big feature limited to only Amazon's library is a huge flaw in my book. Save $5 and get the Roku 3. Plus you don't even have to point the Roku remote - it works on RF.
Amazon Fire TV's voice search is impressive, but so far I give the nod to the Roku 2 (don't own a 3).* Amazon Instant video is better on the Roku 2! When I choose Amazon Instant Video on the Roku 2, one of my sub menus is "Prime Instant Video".  Choose that and there are all sorts of options within Prime. With Fire TV, you choose either TV or Movies, on of the choices is then Recently Added To Prime, but that's it.* Text is bigger on the Roku 2. If you have old eyes, it's a big plus.* The Roku 2 has more channelsI'll give Fire TV the weekend to prove itself, but I have a strong feeling that it's going back.Added:I returned it.  I suspect that there may be compelling reasons to get one in the future, but, as with software, if it's not the first product in a brand new niche, better to wait than get version 1.0.
Fire TV is a very capable device, it does what it should and it does it well. It is just missing some key apps that would allow it to be my only set-top box. Right now I own an Apple TV (2nd Gen), Roku XS and Onlive Microconsole. That is a lot of little boxes taking up way too much room. They all do one thing the others don't, so I keep them all around. Unfortunately, Fire TV doesn't bring anything new to the party so it may get boxed up. The Apple TV allows me to stream my iPhone, the Roku has Aereo and Plex and Onlive lets me play real games. Fire TV needs a killer app or comprehensive functionality to be useful to me. Adding Aereo and OnLive would let me get rid of the Roku and the microconsole. I would still keep the AppleTV since I am in that ecosystem.As it stands the only cool thing is that it works with my OnLive universal controller. That saved me $40 so I am happy about that. Unfortunately, there is only one good game at launch (Sev Zero) and that is not worth keeping this thing around. This device may or may not evolve into something useful but at this point I just don't need it and the Roku Stick or Chromecast are both a lot cheaper and more useful. There is a lot of power under the hood on this thing, but I am not sure what it is for. Good try, but Amazon should have got everyone on board (including HBO Go) before launching.
I found the Firetv easy to install and use and great for searching with the voice search but I thought more movies would be available for free for prime members that were several months old.  I was surprised that some movies that were 10 years old or older were not free but required a fee to watch them.  All the movies that I wanted to watch were available for $4.99 and many were 6 months old or older.  I guess I will continue to use Redbox to see current movies for $1.30.  I hope Amazon will offer more current movies for less money in the future.
I still prefer my Apple TV because of its more extensive content and seamless ability to stream music from iTunes. However, if you're not an Apple consumer and don't care about non-Prime content you should seriously consider Amazon Fire TV. The Amazon Fire is fast and its voice-recognition feature is excellent.
Update to review below:After several reboots and finally a factory reset of the box, I'm able to stream Amazon video now.  I've upgraded my review from 2 to 3 stars.  I'll likely hang onto the box because I think it has potential.Pluses: Fast loading of videos, voice search (for Amazon content), Game controllerNegatives:  Remote that doesn't play nice with universal remotes (yes, I know it's bluetooth, and I knew that going in.  But it would be nice since it has to coexist with all of the other gear), Voice search limited provider usability, limited storage (I expect that with a few games, I'll have to start "managing" the space), limited service providers (I expect more to be added)============================================================================I ordered this on Wednesday, received it on Friday, and have spent about 10 hours with it thus far.  I already own a Roku3, Xbox1, Chromecast, web-connected blu-ray, etc (I'm a gadget junkie).Hook-up was pretty straight-forward, about what I expected.  I'm using a wired network connection.Straight-away the box needed a software update that took about 20 minutes, even over a wired gigabit network.  After that I proceeded to play around with the Fire TV.The interface isn't anything special...how many ways can you display tiles?  The remote is responsive, but I wish I could utilize my Harmony Ultimate with the Fire TV.  I know that the voice search would not be possible with the Harmony.  I'm not basing my review on that...I knew I couldn't when I ordered the Fire TV.I downloaded the car racing game and was a bit surprised to see that it will require a good chunk of the unit's storage capability.  You won't be downloading a lot of game onto this without having to start "managing" the space.The deal-breaker for me is that most of the videos I select (Amazon Prime) are freezing.  I don't mean stuttering, I mean stopped.  Won't play, I often get the studio splash screen and then it will skip a few seconds/minutes into the movie.  Then it stops again.  It will freeze for so long that the screensaver comes on.As I said earlier, I have a Roku3 and Xbox1.  To check that it isn't my network, I attempted to watch a couple of them using those boxes.  I encountered NO problems streaming Amazon Prime content.I wanted to like the Fire TV, but unless this streaming issue is resolved, it's just a paperweight.
WHAT IT IS TODAY:Except for two features (a) Gaming, and (b) Voice-Control, it's a very `me-too' device. On the video side, the Roku 3 can do MUCH more. Pretty much everything else out there...Apple TV, Boxee Box, etc. can do at least as much as the Fire TV can. So net, net - very unimpressive. Now, lets take a look at the new features;(a) Gaming works well. I tried playing a game called `Riptide 2' using the Fire Remote, and it was fun. I can see that this device will definitely appeal to the casual gamer. Additionally, Amazon has created "lists"...which are nothing but curated lists of games for various segments...I saw games for `families', `weekends', etc. On the down-side, the library is extremely limited.(b) Voice-Control is cool, and generally works well. However, for the moment it searches through just Amazon's catalog of videos and games. Thanks to Prime's limited library, most items are paid (rent/buy on Amazon Instant Video). Again, the Fire-TV falls flat, in my opinionWHAT IT CAN BE:Two ways to look at this - (a) as a general consumer, and (b) as a techie(a) As a general consumer, the biggest grouse you are likely to have, is the lack of content. That said, Fire TV is new, and has a pretty decent lineup of apps at launch. In terms of the future, Amazon has released a SDK for developers to port their apps over. So I think it is safe to assume that we are going to see a boatload of apps come over to the Fire TV. Noteworthy is the fact that in the SDK, Amazon has opened up the Voice-Control API to developers. Meaning: in the future, your voice search will give you results from other apps as well. For example - a search for `Harrison Ford' will give you a list of his movies across your installed apps - Amazon, Netflix, Vudu, etc.(b) As a techie, there are no limits. Folks have already rooted their devices to make it do whatever they want it to do...Fire TV now runs XBMC, supports all kind of apps, launchers, etc. Google is your friend (this might not be relevant to the general consumer).I am still undecided about the Fire TV....and in fact, am leaning towards returning it. Couple of reasons:(a) Fire TV doesn't - and has no plans to - support your own content. So there is no way to hook my own music and video collection into the box (unless I hack into it). Amazon touts Plex as a way of doing this. But Plex requires that I keep a `media server' (basically, a PC running the Plex media server software) on 24X7, so that the Fire TV can stream from it. That's a ridiculous solution, especially given that the Roku can play some type of media files with a directly connected hard-drive. Oh and by the way, Roku supports Plex too.(b) I'm not a gamer; Voice-Control seems gimmicky at the moment(c) I already own a Roku (for streaming) and a Boxee Box (for my personal media) that already get me what I wantNet, net, given the number of connected devices I own, any new device needs to EARN a HDMI-port on my TV, and the Fire TV doesn't cut it - for now.UPDATE 4/9----------I ended up returning the Fire TV. As I said earlier in my review, my existing setup gives me more than what the Fire TV offers (for me - the lack of support for personal media is HUGE. I don't want to keep a 'Plex Media Server' running 24X7 just so that I can view my personal content; my 2-year-old Boxee Box plays all of my media - from my portable hard drive - like a champ). I'm sure the Fire TV will grow up to be great; absolutely no doubts about that. But for now, its got a long way to go to even catch up with whats already out there.
How did Amazon leave out there cloud player app. I can not play my music that i have on  Amazon's cloud player on Amazon Fire TV this is crazy
This is a good box for somebody on a budget that wants to get both video streaming and gaming in a cheap solution, but if you want a refined TV experience the fire tv is inferior to Roku in every way other than speed.I own many different internet tv/content streaming devices including an HTPC, Western Digital Live, ROKU 3, 2.......The Fire TV is excellent hardware in almost every way surpassing all other devices in speed.  The only hardware observation I made that was not excellent is the remote.  It is very responsive and the layout is good, but itfeels funny like it was not made for my hand.  I realize that's subjective, but it feels inferior to the roku remote that fits your hand in a comfortable grasp.  The fire tv remote seems too small.  Overall excellent hardware.having had so many of these devices i was expecting the fire tv interface to be buyer-centric & app-centric.  By this I mean an interface that shows you all your apps as a home screen and lots of user settings to make the device behave how you desire and find content, not an interface with an agenda (sell amazon product).  If I hit the home key on my roku3, I quickly get to a nice graphical display of all my apps.  In fire TV you have to hit the home screen, scroll down about four clicks and then enter the apps list.  I also did not see a way to organize this apps list as well and so were talking 5 to 10 clicks to fire up netflix if you have a number of apps.  This might seem like a stupid complaint, but I've already had it the good way with Roku not favoring a particular app as well as the ability or organize as I see fit.  I can quickly do a global app search on roku that blows amazon's search away less the voice (the voice search is excellent just poorly executed in what data it will provide you with).  The roku search will show me the actors and movies I want, and then after I select a title it show me every app that has it with the price including free if it's prime or netflix.instead of putting games on it, or should I say before they spent the time putting games on it, they should have made the search global across all apps.  They should have made good filters for amazon content (I like my roku 3 amazon app more than I like using the fire tv for amazon content!) like show prime only in certain genres.  Amazon does not seem willing to put the labor in to their content library to make a powerful search.  Netflix does a poor job too, but Amazon rents many movies for five bucks a view.
....seems like a bit of a dealbreaker to me. if i wanted a game controller/set top box, i'd go with a good/old 360...seriously. A used 360 + a good deal on an xbox live sub will generally cost less than $150. for not much more bucks, you get a whole lot more bang
It's fast, it's smooth.  It has games.  It has a lot to like.But I like my Chromecast and Apple TV.  And my Tivo too.Because the Amazon Fire is an also ran in so many features already available on my existing devices I have to focus on what is missing for me.-  No HBO Go.  Now if Amazon came out and said it's coming I'd be more understanding.  But it is a glaring omission, and something I do use.-  Voice search only works on Amazon.  HUH?  Isn't that the point of search, to look across all your available assets?When I pay for a device I don't expect the marketing department to put in controls to limit what I can search.  It's just bad form in today's ubiquitous world.  If Amazon wants this to be a device that drives users to their content they should give it away.  Don't make consumers pay for their marketing efforts.Here's the thing.  Tivo lets me search all my assets.  It gives me connectivity to all my assets, including HBO Go.  When I search it tells me what's available on Amazon AND Netflix AND Hulu.  Tivo works invisibly to merge all my services into a single search.Yeah, the voice search is cool, but only when it works with all online media services.  Otherwise it's just a ploy by Amazon.Amazon, you should just buy Tivo and be done with it.  It has what you don't.  You can add the voice search and have a killer product on your hands.Sorry, Amazon, but you jumped the shark on this one.  You aimed too low IMHO.
The Amazon Fire TV device appears to be a great value, but buyers should be aware that it is not the only game in town. For the same price, Apple TV offers superb features and functions with Apple devices (particularly iOS devices, e.g. iPhone, Ipod Touch). Amazon claims Apple TV doesn't support Pandora, but using Airplay from an Apple device casts Pandora to Apple TV.The comparison chart with the Google Chromecast has some misleading facts, as well.- The "Remote with no line of site" can be applied to the Chromecast, because its apps are controlled by iPod or Android device. You select the content, and control playback, with the remote device. Do it from the sofa, across the room, even another room (while on the same wi-fi network as the Chromecast). (I'm doing it with Google Play Music right now, listening to John Barry's score for SOMEWHERE IN TIME.) No need for a dedicated remote for the Chromecast, you already have the remote in your iOS/Android device.- Voice search is supported by the device and app used in conjunction with the Chromecast. You search, select, and play the content from the device, "cast" to the Google Chromecast, and enjoy. Since you can use voice search any number of ways on iOS and Android devices, it is essentially a feature of Chromecast-supported content.- No optical audio out. While technically correct, full HD digital audio  is provided over the Chromecast's HDMI connection. There's no need for additional digital audio unless you are using a TV which does not support HDMI Audio Return or has no separate digital audio out (my Samsung UN40ES6150 offers both).Consider these factors when deciding on the Amazon Fire TV over a Google Chromecast. Personally, I love my Chromecast, for the price it offers great VFM, particularly for a TV without built-in smart apps.This is not meant to be a negative review of the Amazon Fire TV (the number of "unhelpful" votes indicate confusion about this, or shills down-voting any less than stellar review on the site). I am only providing more balanced comparison information for buyers. Is that unhelpful?
I purchased the Amazon Fire TV on the day it was announced.  I received it, and opened it, but never plugged it in.&#34;How can a guy that has never used something post a review?&#34;Glad you asked.I purchased the Amazon Fire TV the moment I saw that it supported PLEX (if any of you have content stored on a NAS or a remote computer that requires streaming, you'll want this).  That was the selling point!  I wasn't too concerned about the lack of HBOGo or the fact that a lot of the channels are duplicates of what is already available from the AppleTV or the Roku3 (I own both).  I was enamored by the amazing hardware specs on the Fire TV and the future potential of the device.  I couldn't say no!&#34;So why didn't you keep it?&#34;I'm getting there.Anyway... I started reading the fine print concerning Showtime Anytime and how it doesn't allow DirecTV subscribers to stream over the FireTV. I also found the Roku3 finally allows HBOGo and Showtime Anytime streaming for DirecTV subscribers.  Not only that, the Roku3 supports PLEX!In the end, I couldn't justify even hooking it up.  The Roku supports everything that the Amazon Fire TV doesn't support, and the AppleTV covers everything else.The Amazon Fire is beautiful in its design and feels like a quality item.  Some have given Amazon flack for going with an external power source over and internal AC to DC converter, but who cares?  What does this have to do with the price of tea in China?  Besides, if the power adapter goes bad on the Amazon Fire TV, you can buy a new adapter!  If the much-coveted internal AC/DC converter in the AppleTV goes bad, you are either buying a new AppleTV or learning how to solder.What's my point?  I'm not sure.  I think I believe that there is room for everyone.  No particular device has gotten it completely correct yet.  If Amazon Fire TV, with it's gaming potential and application support, had the content of the ROKU3, they could have a sure-fire (no pun intended) AppleTV contender.Notice I said &#34;contender&#34;, not &#34;killer&#34;.  Nothing will ever kill the AppleTV. There are entirely too many people who are firmly planted in the Apple ecosystem and no options available to them to transplant their content.I believe, in the end, we will all either adopt one ecosystem or the other, or suffer through the inconvenience (it's absolutely horrible - worse than Rwanda) of having two devices:  one that supports our Apple addiction, and one for everything that Apple loathes (Android, Google, Amazon, etc).At this point, the Roku3 clinches it, for me.In the future though, I'll probably be back to purchase a Fire TV.
How can you have a new streaming TV box without including HBOGO?  I hope this changes soon as the rest of the features do sound promising.
I looked closely at this and compared it to other devices like it. It's very slick and very nice but, really, it doesn't offer much that a dozen other devices don't. The voice search feature seems to be the only actual part of it that is unique - and I think that is great but I question it's usefulness. Time will tell on that.It does offer games and that is great. But the games offered are... they are not going to replace my Xbox any time soon, let's just put it that way.The channels are nice. I guess for some, the inclusion of Bloomberg tv will be a selling point, but not for me. The rest of the channels seem to overlap the dozen or so other devices in the same market - and Roku far exceeds the channel count.Point blank this has nothing that really makes it stand out. Voice, right now, is a gimmick. Games aren't a draw on this device (Not now anyway - that might change). And the channels it can use are far overshadowed by other devices. It's perfectly capable if you don't have a streaming box yet, of course. But there is no reason to toss out your current device if you have one.
Please add Gaiam TV, and I'll buy this in a heartbeat.  I already have an AppleTV, so that is the only thing that would make this worth my while.
i see the answers to everything but this.....I have a ton of movies on my hard drive, will this stream from my PC so i can watch them on my tv? the only reason im looking into this...
I only had this a few hours but it was diffiicuct to set up. Down loaded new software right away, which was strange, since it just came out two days ago. After connecting to the internet to down load the new software it could no longer connect. Finally resolved this. but, the video was jerky. The voice command only works with Amazon videos, not Netflix. Over all if you have a roku or Blu-ray with these features, I would save your money. This device brings nothing to the table.
Let's cut to the chase. Roku 3 let's you search cross platform so you can find where you can get a movie/TV show for the LOWEST price (ie. FREE).I was hoping the voice search could do that. Nope. In fact back in April 2014 there were articles written you soon could search Netflix with the voice search. Still not the case as of Jun. 10th.  Also, you can't even search youtube with the voice function! That would have been a GAME CHANGER!! Imagine if you could voice to text into any dialogue box like on the iPhone? Game/set/Match AMAZON! Missed opportunity.Roku 3 has a better ability to organize your aps too. Is your favorite ap Youtube? Netflix? Amazon? Put them at the top of your home screen! Not the case here. :-(I hope Amazon realizes it is not just competing with Netflix, but also with Roku.  By Giving other video services the cold shoulder it is opening up competitors to its market. They have it cornered on voice searching, but it is only limited to opening aps and searching Amazon video.
So far I really like this box, I've sideloaded HBOGO and XBMC  so along with Netflix my video needs are mostly satisfied. My major gripe is how Amazon has hidden away is free prime video.  Rentals and purchases are right in your face, but there really needs to be a way to browse free Prime video. Give me that and I'll add stars.
The interface and remote are great. Voice search works very well, but like my title says, it's all only useful when staying within Amazon's content.Go to Netflix, or any other app, and you've got nothing more than a roku box at best.Does not offer ANY local playback of any kind. You can use plex, but that requires running a PC at all times. No thanks!Get the voice search across all apps, and make any local file playable (MKV is a must), and I'd be happy!Amazon may bend over for the movie studios, like apple and everyone else, but MKV is a required format these days! Make the fire TV play ANY MKV file, and you'd have a sure fire (no pun intended) hit here.  I do not illegally download anything, ever, but I absolutely do use MKV very frequently. No MKV support means I have to go back to my WD TV and Chromecast. That combo is still the best cord cutter option available.
To illustrate:  The first thing I searched for was 'The Bletchley Circle' mini series.  Voice Search worked perfectly and found the TV show on Amazon.  Cool.  It cost $2/episode.  But Voice Search does not work with Netflix.  Out of curiosity I searched separately on Netflix and found 'Bletchley' for free.  Not cool.So now I must still search, separately, each service (Apple, Netflix, & Amazon) to find the best price.  I am not going to be seduced by Voice Search to pay more to Amazon.So I moved the Fire TV to an old 'dumb' TV in my bedroom to watch Netflix from time to time.  I can access Amazon from my smart TV if I ever want to.The Fire TV box is ok and it is nice that the remote does not require line-of-sight so the box can be placed out of sight.  The power supply 'brick' is a little awkward.  I see little advantage over my AppleTV/smart TV combination.  Voice Search is cool but a deception.  Because erything is included free on Netflix, I am going to start searching there first.  Amazon might get me to try again if they gurantee they will not charge more for a program than any other service.Fire TV has not changed my viewing as I expected.  I am disappointed. I jumbed the gun buying it before the reviews.I am an Amazon Prime member and the FireTV definitely knows it.
Works great technically but I'm disappointed by how much extra it costs for literally anything I actually want to watch.  You could really blow your credit card up if not careful.  I really expected more to be included with my prime membership.  As if I'm going to pay big dollars to watch shows that air on normal TV every day too?? I might find a movie to watch every few months but at this stage I doubt it will get too much use.
I have been playing around with this device for a few days and I have to say that I am impressed with the overall quality. It has a really nice finish to the remote. The quality of the box itself is very good. I think Amazon really took some time to make this box a really professional looking product. I also love the user interface and I find it to be polished as well.I currently own a Roku 3 and for the longest time I have been waiting for the next Roku device. 512 MB of Ram is not enough. I find that the Roku 3 has an interface that is responsive but not fast. The FireTV interface is quick as lightning. The performance blows away the Roku devices. Yes, there are some people that have been complaining about the lack of headset support. If that bothers you, then get a Roku device for your room. That is what I have done with mine. I have put that in my room and the FireTV as a living room device. I find that the Roku company is floating along as if they are waiting to be acquired from someone. They don't push the technical envelope hard enough.So, why not 5 stars? The reason is because of Amazon. They literally get in the way of themselves. They want the benefits of Android without sharing. All of those apps that you purchase from play store have to be purchased AGAIN. They believe in what I call &#34;The Borg Business Model&#34;. They build proprietary devices that interact with their own product lines. That reason is the same reason that I will not buy an Apple product, The Ouya, or Amazon cloud services. No reason when I am already invested in the Google Play store. They are shooting themselves in the foot as they could really push their boxes, tablets, and Prime memberships to a wider audience if they were not so proprietary.Some people also complain about the gaming aspect. Forget it. The FireTV at best will a secondary android gaming device. The only games I will buy on this device are the ones proprietary from Amazon Game studios OR ones that will only work on this device and not on my other android devices.You want an awesome android gaming device? Get an NVidia Shield. It is absolute ridiculousness in the Awesome category. Great android device that has UI Mapper for the controller for games that are touch only. It also operates in console mode hooked directly to your TV.Pros:Great quality of the productNice UIFaster than a RokuWorks great as standalone streaming deviceCons:1 star for &#34;The Borg&#34; Business model and its proprietary services and not utilizing the Google Play store.1 star for stupid things like the coin system. Didn't they learn from Microsoft that its a waste of time to do that nonsense. Just have everything in the local currency. Why display dollars and coins? Stupid.
I was actually really impressed with the price. I owe Amazon some brand loyalty here because I love my kindle.However, I live in Australia with an average Internet speed of 200kbps. We don't have netflix here, can you give me some reasons why I should buy this?
Nice start. I Wish it supported h.265 for future proofing the device, I think we will need to buy next version next year or when it comes out :-)  Netflix for example is starting to stream movies using this feature.  It cuts the bandwidth in half for the same quality or if they want leave the same size but increase quality.  Who knows, maybe amazon might have something up it sleeves, maybe with a future update they will add support for it, if they do it will be thru a software decoder because the current hardware that is inside the firetv doesn't support hardware decoding for HEVC.One other thing that I would change is the ability to search and play movies thru the voice command from Netflix, Currently if it finds a movie from voice command it only gives you the option to buy it or rent from amazon or stream it from prime if its available.  Netflix has tons of more movies that are available for streaming that are not on prime.  Wish it could integrate better with fireTV.  Don't know if this a restriction on amazon's part or if netflix has to update its app.  Most likely its on amazon's part as it would lose money if it gives the option of streaming it from netflix when the user can rent it from amazon.Also I have about 1300 movies in ultraviolet account I wish also that amazon would join the UV association and allow me access to my movies thru their library.
Looked good out of the box.  Packaging was top notch and the device looks really nice.First bad sign.....I ordered this device the day I saw it released.  Received it promptly.  Set it up and it spend 10-15 minutes updating itself.....hmmmmm....first official release and immediately it is playing Microsoft update......I would have expected it to be shipped with the most current firm/soft ware.Watched a movie on it and was very impressed.  Flawless playback.  Very nice.Second bad sign.....interface for entering passwords is screwed up.  Don't get your password wrong, even by one character....you will have to start over.  Tried over and over again to get Pandora to work.....gave up.....which leads to my third bad sign....Third bad sign....Pandora....yes I know my password....I use it on my tablet, my phone and on 3 desktops.....Amazon...first of all I should not have to start over every time I need to correct my password....and two...I know my password.....fix the Pandora app.....gave up after this, don't have the patience for stupid.I will look at other features tomorrow when I have time.....in the mean time, Amazon, let Microsoft ship crap, they are good at that....you stick to sending us good stuff.......you are, or at least were, good at that.....
I was really excited about this device and really wanted to buy it but it lacks the headphone jack in the remote like the Roku has! For those of us that are late night owls and don't want to wake  the rest of the family is pretty important. I'm really surprised that the developers overlooked one simple feature that would've had me abandoning my Roku for the fire. Anyway just writing this review hoping that amazon will see it and will put The headphone jack in the next version, and also just to warn my fellow comrades that really love the headphone feature.
I don't play games and this box doesn't give me access to HBO GO which is what I am looking for in a set-top box.  Why no HBO GO?
Just received mine. Easy set up, my 11 year old did. Quality and speed is perfect. Pandora, Netflix, Amazon Prime, the same old...But what bothers me is that i wont be able to us their Showtime app as it does not support my Cable provider Comcast....
I have devices that are already capable of accessing Youtube, Netflix, Hulu and even amazon video. I'm a little concerned about Amazon's offering, I dislike a product that's tied so closely to the company that's trying to push me content. Do I need to spend $100 on another box that does pretty much the same thing as devices I already own, like my TV and blu ray player?  Do I need voice search?  You may think it's money well spent but I'm betting it won't be long before this is heavily discounted, followed by the 'new improved' version. Unless you're desperate for online content and your TV / DVD / blu ray player are years old, I would say save your money, at least until the price drops.
I'm a longtime Prime member and really wanted to love this box. The setup was SO easy, super simple to navigate through, I even sideloaded a few apps. Although it will do Flixster for your Ultraviolet movies, it will not do Vudu, and with 290+ movies to my name, that's gotta be my dealbreaker.I'll admit that the voice search was very accurate and a fun little toy.
Edited 04/18/14: Sending back the Fire TV - got a Roku 3 instead. For the past several years, I had a Sony media player and thought this Fire TV would be a great upgrade. Ordered my Fire TV a few hours after it went on sale and had great expectations - until I fired it up. First, the elegant and solid box comes like a high priced gem, kudos to design and marketing. Installing and connections are a snap - however, first irritation: the power plug/transformer is so big if you use a power-strip, it will use adjacent slots. Once powered on, it walks you through all the steps. Oddly enough, there is no on/off button, but it seems the unit powers off after a time of non-use (light off). Second irritation: the LED power light has laser pointer quality - it is super bright and rather distracting and cannot be turned off: it is akin of sitting in a movie theater and a person looking at a smartphone 15 rows down(I am hiding my Fire TV behind the center speaker now, good thing the remote works without direct line contact). Interface is great, if a bit clunky in my opinion, the whole thing works fast and picture and sound quality is absolutely great. Third irritation: voice search works like a charm, however, in my experience, this functionality seems to be limited to Amazon content and a few other apps. Pardon me, that is nonsense. Won't be using that one a lot then and keep key-clicking in letters through the remote like in ancient times with Netflix and Pandora and pretty much anything else. Logged into my Pandora, works great. Fourth irritation: in order to stop Pandora one has to navigate through menus to find "quit" instead of having a dedicated icon that stops and closes the app - if you navigate away, the music keeps playing, over instructional Amazon help videos, creating a cacophony of sounds, then you have to navigate to the app which defaults to the play button, then to the menu, then select quit, then confirm you want to quit - not an Amazon app, but if you put it on your product, then these things should be checked.Then, after having skipped trial Amazon Prime, I wanted to give it a try. After searching for the sign up on my Fire TV for 15 minutes, I had to call customer service as once skipped, there is NO way to get the free trial sign-up on your Fire TV. I was directed to go to the website. Then I went into settings and saw something called "Quiet Time." I had no idea what that meant - mute? reduced volume? night time watching? There is no explanation anywhere as to what this is. Had to call customer service: this will mute notifications. Aha - notifications of what? Never mind. Regarding content, I hope there will be more in the future, such as NPR, for example, whose podcasts I dearly miss. Overall, I am underwhelmed and not really a happy camper. If you already have an Apple TV or Roku, save yourself the expense - this one needs major work and upgrades before a solid recommendation is in order.
I am Confused. I purchased this to replace my ROKO as far as streaming content on my TV. So where is my confusion. When I stream content using the ROKO program available in my Prime account are free, but with the Fire TV the same programs have to be purchased. WHY? I found the same thing is true with I stream content from my Prime on my Smart TV. I does not make sense to me. I am Confused. I am a AMAZON Prime Member and the content I stream from my account should be free regardless of how I stream the content.I don't want to stop anybody from purchasing a Fire TV, but this should be a simple fix for Amazon to complete. I just think streaming content should be the same regardless of which device that the content is being streamed on.
Updating review:  Received replacement for below quickly(36 hrs) - plug and play, worked, no problems with updating.  Video quality is great, loading programs quick. Then it goes downhill for me... the selection of TV 'channels' is almost absent - comparing to Roku 3.  Feels like product was released too soon.  Voice search is fun, but limited to Amazon.  I am returning for now and will re-purchase when at least Acorn TV is available.  If you play games - maybe worth it to you....but not for a TV watcher, reminds me of when I was a kid -- you could only get 3 stations and where VERY happy then, but not now.  Upgraded rating from 0(yes I know they don't have it) to 3 based on speed of loading and decreased buffering.Received new Fire TV - 3 days after promised.  Took 10 minutes just to free it from packaging.  Plugged in perfect - no issues, On screen instructions easy simple no issue - except that nothing happened... thinking that something was wrong with my set up -- plugged old Roku back in - working with no problem... tried Fire Again - would not update.  Followed onscreen instructions - nothing So attempted to connect to amazon.com/firetvsupport --- except it directs you to the purchase site AGAIN..  So tried set -up again -- nothing.  Very unhappy - sent a hot e-mail to Amazon - they quickly replied and are sending a replacement...So "Zero" for product so far, "Zero" for support website.... but 5 for Amazon quick response.
The UI is fast for sure. It is sort of a cross between Xbox and Roku, and comes out looking better than both.Voice search, its main differentiating feature, works ONLY with Amazon content, which is a huge limitation. Amazon must know how few people they actually have using amazon video vs. Netflix.Setup is clumsy -- requires typing passwords for Netflix and Amazon, which is annoying on a remote.The lack of an iPhone app to control it also puts it at a disadvantage compared to Roku, AppleTV, TiVo and basically every other TV box.It is decent, but not quite a $99 box on par with Apple and Roku yet.
Hopefully some of this will be fixed in future software updates, but for those looking to buy right away, please read these words of caution.1) There is a Showtime Anytime app but it does NOT work for Comcast customers.  The device/software requires you to register (which makes perfect sense) but Comcast/XFinity is NOT one of the options.  If you are a Comcast customer hoping to watch Showtime Anytime on this device you will NOT be able to do so.  This is something where I think Amazon should be making it very clear this is the case in their advertising.  It's quite misleading to advertise the service, but not make it clear it's only available via certain providers at this time, and for who knows how long.2) I've tried hooking up USB devices with multiple different formatting methods (FAT, NTFS, exFAT on both sticks and HDD), and as far as I can tell, external storage is NOT recognized by this device in any way.  It's possible they're recognized, and there is no app/browsing support at the moment, but it's hard to be sure.  The problem here, if it's a software issue, I have no way to verify that my USB hardware is working properly, and thus whether or not I should return the device.That said, the device does stream well, and Amazon Prime/purchased videos, as well as Youtube video, look fantastic.  I also played Zen Pinball using the supplied remote, and it was playable, but there is some slight button response lag.  I have no idea if this is true for the game controller as well.  I hope not.  However, there was no video lag for the game at all, which is a good sign.I gave 3 stars, because I think it's a bit unfair to slap a 1 star review on something that fundamentally works, but may not be as feature complete as we want it to be.  However, it's pretty shady to advertise features that, as yet, don't seem to work properly. I realize in the land of marketing it seems acceptable to obscure the full truth, but for me it sours my opinion of the company as a whole and I tend to distance myself from that company whenever I can from that point on.  Transparency may not fuel impulse purchases, but it does foster long term loyalty.
The Amazon Fire TV is a great idea that feels rushed to market.  It is a truly compelling and differentiated product in a increasing crowded space.  It has ample power to handle high resolution video and plenty of gaming; which is not some thing I really care about, but some might. And while the Amazon App Store doesn't have a great deal to offer, it's a start and will get better.The Pros:- The design: Clean and simple.  They took a very &#34;Apple&#34; approach to the design of their set top box.  With the included batteries (Amazon Basic, of course) and power cable, all you need is an HDMI cable and you are up and running.- The Remote: I was not sure if this was an item that belonged in the pros or cons section at first (due to the excessive number of button), but the voice command really did differentiate this product.- Amazon Prime: This is a truly great service, and sadly many of my friends/co-worker know nothing about it. We all pay for Netflix too, but with Amazon Prime, you really don't need to.Cons:- The Operating System: I'm sure this entirely subjective, but when I compare the Fire TV OS/interface (Android) with my AppleTV (iOS) it simply isn't even in the same ballpark.  The Fire TV feels more raw and unfinished.  Perhaps even Beta.  I like to watch Bloomberg TV and that app crashes nearly every time I attempt to watch &#34;Live TV.&#34;  The functionality of ESPN and Netflix is not nearly as clean either.  The only app that I have found that looks as it should is the Amazon Prime app (shocker?).- Price: It's rather expensive when compared to other offerings in this space (Apple, Roku, Google, etc.), but it does have superior internal hardware.  This superior hardware is largely in place to support the gaming functionality that is offered through the App Store.  The system doesn't include the requisite controller for the games, that will cost you and additional $40.Conclusion: Amazon has a great first effort on their hands, and I hope that they are continuing to develop this product from the inside.  They have the second best ecosystem available and it will only get better; however, I can't recommend that you purchase the Fire TV as it sits today.
We have nothing against Amazon Fire - we just think that all of the streaming platforms don't offer compelling enough content for our liking but we are probably too picky.  The cost is reasonable (especially when you factor in the free 2-day shipping you get with Prime) but we felt we would have ended up having to pay extra for the actual programming we would prefer to watch.
I have just received the Fire TV unit today.  After looking at what is available - not much diversity in apps.  The Roku has more free options and diversity.  The Fire TV is good if you only use Amazon Prime-Hulu-Plus and Netflix.  Does not have Target Ticket or other competing programing such a M-GO. No PBS - History Channel etc. They also forgot to add the Amazon Cloud Player as an app.  My Roku has that as an option.Right now - if you play a lot of games - the Fire TV is for you.  It does have a ton of Free games.Hopefully they will add more diversity in the Future
This box is nice. I'll do a quick comparison since I own the Apple TV box also. First thing I noticed was the speed. Real fast loading content; especially Amazon content. I also like that I can upload pics and videos right from my Galaxy S4 to the cloud. YouTube app is also better compared to the Apple. Ease of use. You've all heard about the search feature. It works flawlessly except only with Amazon content. Not a big deal for me as it is with others on this board since no one else offers this type of service! The user interface, UI, is very nice and neat. On the Apple TV it seems to take forever, at least 30 seconds at times,  loading a purchased movie. Before you ask, I'm on a 75/25 Fios plan. So it's not my connection. The purchased videos on Fire load within 3 seconds or less. Setup is easy as it comes right out the box for you if you purchase from Amazon. You still have to enter passwords, like all other boxes, if you have Netflix and such. People whining about that; don't know why. And people writing reviews who don't even own it! Whatever!Now for the prime membership angle. I was satisfied with my Apple TV, but I've had prime for sometime and wanted to access my videos in a better way than Smarthub on my Samsung LED. Slow as all hell. Never buy a TV with all that internet stuff built in. These boxes will take the place of that and your TV will be cheaper. Anyway, prime is great if you order from Amazon on a regular basis. I do. With free 2 day shipping and next day shipping for 3.99; you can't beat it. And I noticed with Prime; the movies I get to watch for free are the same that are offered on Netflix. And with Prime, I get to watch TV shows for free that Apple is charging 2.99 to watch. "The Good Wife" for instance is free to watch for the first 4 seasons on prime. Apple wants 2.99 an episode. So if you have a Netflix account, which I used to, you can now cancel it; unless you watch "House of Cards".  They overlap in my opinion. 96$ a year for Netflix, 99$ for Prime; with the shipping bonus. And it used to be 79$. Was that price for years so they extra 20$ wasn't a big deal.I also noticed that some movies are cheaper to purchase on Amazon compared to Apple! Can't remember which, but when I was going through movies yesterday on both devices, some movies were 17.99, but were 19.99 on Apple TV. Also some of the rentals are 3.99-4.99 for a 1 day rental. Some are 5.99 for a 2 day rental. Apple offers only 1 day rentals, and for the higher 5.99 in some cases. DirecTv also does 2 day rentals for 5.99. When I realized this, I know longer rent movies from Apple TV. I wish Amazon would have come out with this box awhile back. I have so many movies purchased through Apple. Any new purchases will be through Fire.Now for the one issue I have with Fire. When you go to rent a movie, it doesn't tell you if it's a 1 or 2 day rental! I know the higher priced movies at 5.99 are 2 day rentals but it doesn't state this anywhere on the screen. I spoke with Amazon tech and they said they'd alert the developers. Also to those crying about it not having this app and not having that app. Relax. Apple has been slowly updating their apps as well. And when I first purchased it; it didn't have nearly the amount of apps it has now. But those complaints came from people who never even purchased the box. Still don't understand that. MLB and NBA were add ons to Apple as the box grew. I'm quite sure Amazon will sign agreements with them. So in closing; I like this box tremendously compared to Apple TV which at the time I purchased it, blew away the competition. Roku, Sony box, etc. Hope this was helpful....One other thing I forgot to mention. When you watch a movie, and then leave it and come back later. It will start from where you left off. But it doesn't give you the option to "start from the beginning" like Apple Tv does. It only says resume! Otherwise you have to rewind the entire movie. Unless you finished watching it. That needs to be updated....Update: 6/14/2014I've had the Fire box since it came out. I noticed this. The sound quality from my Apple TV through the optical out port in my opinion is better than the Fire. I have set my volume at 10 on my 7.1 surround system and played identical movies [X-Men] and when on Fire the sound is lower and so is the bass! Just sounds so much more powerful on the Apple. I only noticed it when I accidentally ordered the same movies on both devices. Apple uses 16 bit encoding; maybe that has something to do with it. I'm not a spec guy. But my ears don't lie. Sound and picture quality are most important to me as I assume others. Also the video quality on Netflix is horrible. Must be 480. It's not HD quality. Switched back to my Apple Tv and it's HD quality. Using FIOS with a 75/25 connection.
I got Amazon fire TV on impulse when a deal was offered bundling it with Kindle Fire HDX.  I should have just updated my old Roku box.  I really really miss Roku's universal search function.  With Fire TV, I have to search Netflix, then search Hulu and Amazon separately... very frustrating.  I do like Fire TV's voice function, and the beautiful screen saver pics that turn my TV into a sort of meditation garden... but I suspect I will be going back to Roku in spite of those nice features.
I bought this item and use it outside US (in south america) and it really isn't thaaaaat cool if you are not in usa. I would love to change system language to spanish and have much more content.Anyway, i can use netflix ok (like in a pc) and with some tricks you can get usa content working (but dont expect it to be in spanish).
Been playing with the system for a few weeks now and feel like I have enough time under my belt to make some comments.1. The hardware is quite capable. Truthfully, the demand from video streaming is adequately handled by less powerful devices, so Amazon really did go the extra mile in the raw power department. That should be of some benefit to the game users although I've only done some minor gaming.2. Setup using WiFi connectivity was fast and stable. That's about all I can give you on this. It's as painless as you can get.3. The UI is functional. I'd like to be able to customize (or dare I say it. pin) most used apps rather than have a recent line. Functionally, it may be the same, but recent mixes the Amazon movies and the Non-Amazon apps into a somewhat haphazard pile.4. The Remote. This is the real winner of the package. In this world of over engineered, complicated, multifunction remotes Amazon has nailed the idea of simplicity. Feel, form, and function are perfect here.  A+ to the designers. Hope they get a bonus.5. Voice Search within it's parameters works. Microsoft could learn quite a bit as the Kinect 2 is less effective than this simple function.6. Content Problems: Here's where the problems start.A. Where's Amazon Cloud Player? That's a common sense addition that should have been part of Day 1.B. HBO Go is also missing. They have plans to add it, but...C. Showtime Anytime. It's here, but they don't have an agreement with my provider (DirecTV) to allow me to sign up. So it's useless beyond the free shows.D. Netflix app is not the most recent, but it's fine.If they can fix these problems, this would be a 5 star product.
I was looking to decrease the cost of my overall cable bill. What I found is once you sign up for services such as Netflix and others you still have to pay more than your monthly subscription to get programing overall not a huge savings  I did like the on demand but not for me at this time
My review of this butts up against a review of the shipping because of certain convenience decisions Amazon makes when shipping this device out.I don't like to have a lot of physical media laying around for my children to attack, so over the last few years I've converted a sizable physical collection to digital.  Now the physical stuff sits safely in boxes and the digital stuff flows over my network.  I've used anything from regular PCs to custom builds to any of the Android based dedicated devices currently on the market.  Most are passable at first and scale fairly poorly as applications become more advanced and the tiny single board sets inside slowly become outclassed.  When I saw the Fire TV I figured the hardware would hopefully meet my modern expectations of a computing device.  In that respect it is brilliantly successful.  The picture is great, the sound is the best I've gotten out of one of these dedicated boxes yet and the UI is perfectly responsive.  That is about where I stop being impressed.  Oh, the remote is nice and magically blue tooth.  Basically it all actually works.Major issue:First off, the shipping.  It comes pre-linked to your account.  I was naive and figured I at least needed some sort of authorization code.  No, as it came configured for me, people were able to order immediately.  A feature that isn't even very helpful as, like most people at this point, I have multiple streaming services.  That pre-configured choice was proved a terrible misstep when it was delivered to the wrong address.  Delivery is not Amazon's fault and I do not hold them at all accountable for the rare shipping issues I've had.  They pay an agent to deliver, as is normal.  What they failed to do was unlink this device when it was mis-delivered.  I know this because two orders were placed after I reported it lost.  I used the email form to report that and was informed that it was likely an accidental purchase as no orders came from any other IP.  It was suggested that I use a pin for 1-click ordering.  Something I do use elsewhere.  Considering these videos were ordered from a device I didn't have, I don't think the support actually did a very thorough job checking the logs, if they checked at all.  Now Amazon support wouldn't know this, but a sizable amount of my time is spent looking at logs and network traffic for a living.  I also have a number of methods on my home network to see what is connected, when, who it's talking to, etc.  I did my due diligence and checked if I was the victim of some absurdly unlikely attack where my shipment went to the wrong house and the receiver got on my home network to order.  This was not the case.  I was refunded the money for these items but my trust in their security practices is severely damaged.Use:As I mentioned, the picture and audio are fine.  I would expect that much as this is no where near a new type of device.  At this point in the game having a decent picture is not worth bonus points.As for the UI, Amazon received some flack for having such an Amazon 'Pay' focused menu, especially when it was missing their music streaming service.  That has been actively addressed as there are now menu entries specifically tailored to the Prime content and the music service of theirs.  When they made these changes side-loaded apps were placed another menu deep, though.  A combination of fear and ego seems to fuel a real limiting effect.  A lot of the power of these Android based devices is lost when providers lock them down too much.  It's an unfortunate oversight.  More menu customization would be very welcome.  As it stands the UI is very responsive but is setup well enough to just not be horrible.  Basically it works as expected but it's not great to use.  I would be impressed in the voice search if it worked more globally and not just for Amazon apps.  If that gets updated I'll tap dance or something.  That would be great to see.  The voice search does work just fine where it functions.The annoyances:These devices always have them.  Especially around launch.  My unit will randomly decide to pause a show over and over again.  Sometimes it will also decide headphones are being plugged in and removed over and over.  I have no clue why.  Nothing changes and I have nothing I could accidentally be plugging in.  I just reset the thing and move on with my life but it is another example of streaming being an inferior experience to physical.Misc:I have plugged in a few USB controllers and they detected right away.  That was neat but I don't really need another game consoles.  I don't have the Amazon controller and there's no way I'd bother with it.
Great hardware,  but content needs to be increased. Picture quality, remote, speed of operation are top flight! Not a gamer but that feature will appeal to many.
Great little device. I works fairly well, but I only rated it 3 stars because of one issue. I have many different wireless devices that connect to my network at home. While my main router is in the basement I have a wireless extension to better reach my whole house. Every device I have has had flawless connection on the top floor. However this is the only device that consistently buffers or stops playing because of &#34;slow&#34; connection. I know this can't be as I have many time ran a connection test with other devices and I get well over the minimum to stream video. I don't know if it's a defective device or a software issue but it gets pretty annoying.
I am very pleased with amazon Fire TV. The only reason I have given it only three stars is becouse when I am playing a game, it often freezes then kicks me to the home screen where I have to start all over.Aside from that annoyance, I have watched movies  with it, am I am very pleased with the quality of the picture, and the choices of viewing I am given. I have had other programs such as Net flicks, and it is also offered with the Fire TV, but I believe I'll stay with the choices Amazon gives me.  Perhaps the rating should be 3.5 stars, but this &#34;glitch&#34; with the gameing function particularly annoys me.