After the excellent experience I've had with my Kindle Fire reader, I jumped on the opportunity to get the Fire TV Box.I was pleased with everything from the shipping to the set-up, I have just a couple of minor quibbles.My Fire TV arrived in two days and was well packaged. My arthritis appreciated the simple-to-open box. The power brick/plug was too large to fit into the space I had for it so I had to get a short extended to fit. I set it up in little time and hooked it into my Samsung 45&#34; 3D TV.It initially had to download updated operating system stuff, which took an alarming amount of time. (I almost rebooted my WI-FI system, but noticed the progress bar creeping slowly along.) Once it booted, I enjoyed the little animated intro, then set out to bring in my Netflix and Pandora accounts. I appreciated the simple layout of the user and password screens.The quality is a cut above Chromecast probably due to the better processor. I'm especially enjoying the screen saver when I'm listening to Pandora. I wish I could get them for my desktop screen saver.I don't do games, so I didn't get the gamer interface. I purchased the HDMI and optical audio cables offered by Amazon and found them to be as excellent as the box.I'm giving it a high 4 stars, actually four and a half, taking points for the long OS download and the awkward power brick.All-in-all, it is a great investment.  I'll write another review after about 6 months to see how the experience holds up in the long term.
A great addition to the prime offering. Great at streaming content without gaps and a smooth clear picture. It is a good investment.
A lot of power for a little box.  Easy to navigate with a ton of extras.  Also enjoy the prime benefits.  Voice recognition is as advertised.  I like it.
Alright after only half a day using Fire TV, really using it,  I will say this: I love it.  I was disappointed initially before I received it because they have already run out of game controllers, and I won't get the amazon controller until next month. The games are actually the real sell for me on this system. So, not receiving the game controller for a month is not so great for a product barely a week out of launch. With someone's suggestion I bought an Ouya (it's bluetooth) and it does work pretty well, but the amazon controller has all the features and the mapping I want.The Good:Interface - simple and user friendlyApps - easy to download and use; all the best apps available (except HBO GO)Games - already lots of free onesPrime features - all of amazon right there for youSetup - very simple and quick, just a breezeVery fast selectlon and loading whatever you are doingThe Bad: (small gripes here)No batteries out of the box ( I know, 2 AAA batteries, but they weren't there)Freezes on a game or two and needs rebootBooting up is a bit slowNot enough games or apps right now ( I know this will change)That's it.  I love this system already. For me, I can play these casual games on my big screen - all so far for free - and navigating the system with apps, movies, games, is just a breeze. I already have a smart TV and I could get these apps already - I wanted the games.  That said, I love using fire better than my smart TV, it's just that easy.Review out.
Although it will not replace my Apple TVs I do like it. I am going to attempt to write an App for it and if I can it will be something I will be recommending to our clients as I was hoping an Apple TV SDK would have open up by now, but alas we are still on hold.
Amazon created a powerful small black box that is the new high end of streaming media players easily beating out Roku, Apple, Sony, et al. in both design and function.The tech specs easily beat out anything else on the market and it shows with its performance.However this high performance media vechicle only comes with limited options in terms of apps (channels for Roku users).The price while higher than the bottom line players, is not really far from the higher end players, so comparing it on price like so many others do is a moot point.Hopefully Amazon will address the apps issue as I really hope to see HBO Go, WWE Network, and a decent Weather app added soon since those are services I use as much as Amazon Video and Netflix.
Amazon Fire has performed as advertised.  It was simple to set up and easy to use.  It would be nice to be able to have volume control but overall I'm very pleased with my purchase.
Amazon fire is a great asset to have if u do not have a smart tv and have a hdmi connection from computer to tv. Only negative thing I have to say isn't with the product itself but the espn now application isn't available in my area and was only reason for the fire.
Amazon Fire is easy to use and the voice command is great.  Issues - a tad expensive and the scroll down lists of available titles gets redundant and a bit bulky to search.
Amazon Fire is Great!!  with the exception of security related to the pass code.With the option for &#34;hide password&#34; selected.  The number entered is still shown on the screen long enough to be read before the &#34;greyed in circle&#34; hides the number.  This needs to get fixed ASAP!The requirement recommended: With &#34;hide password&#34; selected; The unit should not display the number entered just the greyed in circle.
Amazon fire is super easy to install and you can start watching your favorite programs right away. So far I like it
Amazon fire tv has a variety of shows and movies to watch which is great. The only downfall is that you have to pay for each of the newer episodes in order to watch them. The screen saver pictures are gorgeous.
Amazon Fire TV is great and I was happy to get a pay plan for it. I just wish HBO GO was available on this. I know it will be later in the fall, but I wish it was on there when I bought it. What Amazon Fire does offer is awesome. I use Netflix, Hulu Plus, Pandora and Amazon Prime quite a bit on this thing and everything is fast.
Amazon Fire TV is pretty cool, but can only give it 4-stars because I still find it difficult to find Amazon Prime Free content.  Once this feature is improved upon, it is definitely worth buying.
Amazon Fire TV was a great addition to my home theater system.  I have a Samsung Smart 60 inch TV, but was having audio problems when streaming from the smart hub.  No such problems with Fire TV.  It is very fast, sound is great and easy to set up.
Amazon Fire TV, with its quad processor,  is quick to respond.  Much faster than Apple TV which I also have.  The only reason I did not give it five stars is the software.  The software is adequate, but it does not take advantage of the quad processor.  More movies could be displayed on one page for easier access and less scrolling, for example,  and the voice command needs work.  Overall, however, it is a great device!
Amazon Fire TV works right out of the box! I am very pleased and will recommend to others. The price of the chromecast dongle is better. The voice search on Amazon TV is amazing!
Amazon has done it again, they have created a divide that even the least technological person can figure out.  It took me about as long to master it as did my IPad.  However, there are definitely still some kinks that need to be worked out, there always is at the launch of a new product, all software issues mind you.The devise itself I think is great! it virtually disappears next to my TV and the voice capability is AMAZING! Blows Apple's Siri out of the water!My hopes,They need to work on their software a bit, to figure out when it turns off, when it goes to wallpaper and when it turns on, a couple times I have had to unplug it to get it back on (this is the reason for 4 instead of 5 stars).I also see that this has the possibility of being so much bigger (not in size) then it is.  Hopefully people will begin to transition some of their apps, to this platform, like the weather channel, yelp, things like that would be awesome if that could happen, especially .  But that is merely an idea.
And as more apps become available for it I'm sure I'll use it more. We already have one smart Tv and as it goes I can see us loosing this one also to the kids with the games they can play and the library of available apps
A really great product. Just wish there were more of the recent movies and tv shows available on Prime. Great in every other way!
as far as a streaming device is concerned, this works well.  there have been a few hiccups with netflix but those may be a netflix issue.
As long as you dont mind giving up a lot of the shows you love to watch. I bought this as a possible cheaper alternative to the high cost of viewing television. Several of the shows I normally watch can be found and I can view them the day after they normally air but others (most of Syfy, Discovery and a few others) are only viewed on line (which you will still need a listed cable provider to watch) or can be purchased per episode or by season with some seasons only being purchased once all episodes have aired. I have Amazon prime, hulu plus and netflicks along with a few other apps and have to switch between them to watch certain shows, but thats ok I guess.
Basically, Amazon Prime on the TV.  Hopefully there will be more content and enhancements added to make it better.  Easy to navigate and pretty decent amount of content but would like to see more offerings without having to buy them.
Best gadget yet for watching Amazon Prime!  Voice control work just fine.  Only wish it had more real time sports coverage.
Better than  chromecast and the others. What gets me is that I wish I could surf local channels across USA here. There are apps to add for tv like shows but needs to expand choices so as to be worthy of the price and lure sensible people away from cable forever.
bought this so i could use XBMC on it and it works like a charm! i imagine many will come looking for something that can run it and be skepticall about buying these type of boxes (roku, apple tv, etc) but trust me this thing works!i havent used many of the things this box is really meant to do but have tried streaming amazon video on it also and its great!wish the voice recognition worked with more then amazon content but i imagine this would be hard to implement....the remote is sleek and small, i love it... very easy to use. the unit is small which you can conceal very easy. i will be getting more of these eventually when i decide what tv to purchase for my room...
Build quality is superb.This thing is super fast.  Fastest of all the set top boxes.It came setup for my account out of the box.  So cool.
came from a roku box and as such find the browsing menu a bit constrictedotherwise not a single complaint for a very fine product
Checked the comparison chart and the amazon fire Tv was the best choice for me.  Just need to figure out if I can connect to Amazon cloud so that I can access all my music files on there.
Disappointed that Amazon MP3 isn't/wasn't available on launch..  Would like to play MP3s/FLAC from my Amazon MP3 library... (and my own library for that matter..)Also hope for more music service options, like Spotify/Play/SiriusXM ...(That SPDIF port looks tempting)Also no Crunchyroll in HD... (there is a way to sideload Crunchy via ADB but its normal SD)Would like to see a smarter onscreen keyboard.. minuum or something a bit more intelligent/predictive.. the voice input is nice though when its accessible (currently does not work in all apps)I own 2x Rokus, 4 Squeezebox Radios, 2 Chromecasts, a few Chumbys, and I still like the Fire TVs way of doing things better than most of them.. Like to be able to access more of my own content on my home network as well...-J
Easy to connect and simple to use. The only recommendation I would suggest is to add a internet browser to the system to allow internet browsing on your TV. I am new to these systems so I can't provide comparison feedback but so far I am satisfied.
Easy to set up.  Voice recognition is excellent.  Combined with my Prime membership, I've watched many great TV series for free.  Also love the availability and ease of access to movies.  One problem is with the remote:  After just 3 days of use it was not responding.  I had to open the battery compartment and spin the batteries to get it to work again.
Everything is great about the amazon fire, I only wish to get more free movies available for the Fire.  I am sure as things progress that will change.  Even though a lot of the TV shows that cost $$ I can get for free with my Direct TV I am in the transition of trying to reduce the already $900.00 plus a year bill with Direct TV.  Amazon Prime, Hulu Plus and Netflix as a combo is way cheaper per year.  Overall I would recommend this as a great addition with the combination of the others and not as a stand alone only media source.
excelent product , hands down the best set top box out there ,voice search its awesome but saddly doesnt work with netflix
Fantastic device. What would make it perfect for me? Simple; add capability to steam MLB.TV (as many of their competitors have this capability) and lastly, the ability to stream all of your music that is in your Amazon MP3 or Cloud Player. Then it is the perfect device, the one to beat them all!
Fire TV has a great voice-response controller.  This is a great solution to program selection, which otherwise has slow up-down-sideways one-letter-at-a-time tedious typing.We've watched several movies and are delighted with the quality of video and sound.  I haven't quite figured how to search for only free content under my PRIME account, and ended up paying for two movies.  If this persists, it will reduce my delight.I believe we are barely fast enough using our DSL Internet connection, then Wi-Fi wireless bridge across the room to the Fire TV.  I say this because I once saw one of those spiraling circular symbols but it was only at the beginning of a search or something, never in the middle of anything I was viewing.
Fire TV is a small package. Very easy to set-up and operate.  So hardware and interfaces work well. The only disappointment is to still have to pay for recent movies and programming, even as I Prime member. Not ready to pull cable programming just yet.
First, let me state that I think the product is top notch and if my main complaint is corrected (which I am confident it will be) it would move my rating from a 3-star to a 5-star.First, my complaint.  I just decided to ditch the Roku LT for Amazon Prime TV.  The Amazon Channel on Roku made it very easy to limit your browsing to Prime-only content.  I could go to Prime movies and then look at the available movies by genre (e.g. Documentaries that are all free with Amazon Prime).  Amazon has a couple categories like "Top Prime Movies" and "Top Prime Kids Shows", but as far as I can tell, it does not give the user an easy way to look at many different genres through a prime-only filter. The fact that the interface on the Amazon device doesn't have this feature but it is a standard feature on Amazon channels for competitors' devices is mind-blowing.  We watch a lot of Amazon content and the lack of this feature is enough for me to dock it by 2-stars until it is corrected.  The other feature I liked on the Roku was a a search function that could find content across multiple channels (for instance, a show might have one season available on HuluPlus and 3 seasons available on Amazon Prime, but the search would find them all) ***I have found that the Fire TV search function does pull from other channels such as Hulu, so i have raised the review from 3 stars to 4 stars***.  I believe that Amazon's search function and voice commands only search Amazon content.  I am a long-time Amazon fan and prime member, and I am confident that they will correct this eventually (at least the inability to search for prime-only content), but I am shocked at this oversight.That being said, the device is great.  It is sleek and operates lightning fast.  The instant play features with Amazon content are impressive (apparently, it starts buffering shows it thinks you might select while you are browsing, so when you hit play, it starts immediately).  The voice command feature is very easy to use and gives good recommendations if you keep the command fairly general.  The controls are easy to use.  No complaints on the hardwareI think I will be happy with it once they work out the kinks, but this is one of the few Amazon "experiences" I've had where I'm not 100% satisfied yet.  I'm not recommending people avoid the product, but if you use your streaming device for mostly Amazon Prime content, this is unexpectedly not the ideal product for that.
First off, I own 2 Google Chromecasts and 1 Amazon Fire TV along with Comcast digital cable. We first bought our Chromecast's and for $35 it was a bargain to say the least. I don't think the Fire TV is a Chromecast replacement, but rather a different type of experience altogether.The Good=1. The Fire TV's menu is almost instantaneous. There is nearly no delay when flipping through apps and games.2. Games. Yes you get games on the Fire TV, you can play demos for free, some of which are very fun, or you can buy full games such as "You don't know Jack" for $6.99. Also, we like to have 4 people play "You don't know Jack" or "Fibbage" at the same time. You're able to do this by downloading the game's app and then everyone uses their cellphone as a controller for the game!3. Amazon Prime. Yes, if you're a prime member like I am, you finally can use amazon prime with a decent app. I used to have to use my computer or my Vizio TV which was VERY slow. The fire is very quick.The Bad=1. The apps are sometimes confusing. I don't completely blame Amazon for this, but I've always hated using netflix through an app. The fact that they make it too hard to just go to a section like "Horror" or "Comedy" is pretty ridiculous. Amazon Prime is similar, and it can be hard to find free vs. pay videos.2. Everyone's aware of this by now, but the voice search feature. It's seriously amazing, it works nearly perfect. However, it only searches through Amazon Prime and a couple other apps at this point. For instance, if you search for something that you want to watch for free on Netflix, it'll just take you to where you can purchase the movie through amazon.The bottom line=Amazon Fire TV is much better than I'd expected. It's not anything groundbreaking, but Amazon is trying to compete with Google and Apple, so they need to keep up as much as possible. I don't have experience with Apple TV, but I would absolutely recommend the Fire TV for anyone. It's more for fun and entertainment (we use it for parties a lot). Whereas the Chromecast isn't much more than an app provider for people without smart TV's. Do your research and go with what your requirements are. They're 2 different products, but I'm VERY happy with my Fire TV!P.S. if you haven't heard. HBO Go will be available on Fire TV by the end of the year!
First, this is a great addition to viewing TV. It is very easy to set up, the voice recognition works well, and is ridiculously fast compared to my ROKU -- which I spend more time waiting for it to load than watching content. It deserves a 5 Star rating for that.However -- at this time -- there is no way to load the TED Talks app. You can't load it from the Fire TV on-screen interface, and it won't load from &#34;manage your devices&#34; when you download the app from the Amazon app store. Granted, the TED Talk app will load to your Kindle Fire device, but not to your Kindle Fire TV.Amazon customer service says this is a problem in TED's court, not an Amazon issue. That may be the case, but why didn't Amazon talk to TED before launching Fire TV?Although I am glad to be rid of my ROKU, at least I could watch TED talks with it....well, at least when it wasn't loading that is.You will love the Fire TV, just as long as you don't want to watch TED talks. Let's hope the the TED app is available soon! I will be happy to give the star back...
Found myself using more then I thought I would. Would recommend to others.  All those who read this  know this already.
Good stuff. Just what is advertised. All my programs when I want them. I like the voice feature and ease to use. The setup instructions could use a little tweaking.
Great access to wide variety of movies especially as a prime member. Wish you could see network tv shows and sports.
Great for Netflix and Amazon Prime. I wish the remote had numbers on it because the on screen display can be easily mimicked by my child and he could end up buying stuff.
Great picture; voice commands work great.  My only objection is so far, every movie I want to watch is not on the Prime selection list.
Great product. I was up and running with it in about five minuets. Looks great and packaging was well designed. Voice command is outstanding but wish it worked with Netfix and not just prime. When it does I will change my review to five stars.
Great Product, soooo easy to set up and use.The voice search  is always on the money and does away with allthe typing and hunting, but it only points you to Amazon products.
Had this for 2 weeks now and I am very happy with it. For the price of 1 month of my other provider i bought the fire and saved 25 bucks.Very,very,very easy set-up and so far have had no issues with the streaming. Voice search is excellent..Good buy and I have recommended it to everyone else I know.. Drop those satellites and get this box. Well worth the money..
Have only had this for about a week, and it looks very good, but I think you should make the trailers available at the top level for each movie.  Right now, I have to select the film, and the trailer is only one of many purchasing/viewing choices.  We like to check out the trailers before making our choice.
Having been a Prime member for some time and requiring a special device or brand of TV to access this programming made us feel like we were not taking full advantage of the membership. I sprang for the $100 Fire device. I was disappointed at how many movies are not free. Admittedly, I haven't explored the entire library by any means, but did spend a half hour or so after receiving the device looking over programming and saw a great deal of pay-per-view movies. On the plus side, the streaming seems fairly flawless and one can FF and RW easily - more easily than Netflix, IMO. I like the compact size of the device and the remote control is very easy to navigate.
Having said that, a comprehensive selection of apps is necessary to enjoy this device. Well worth the money. Can't wait for upgrades
Hi,I'm a gadget maniac and I own Chromecast, Apple TV and Fire TV. I'm really impressed by Amazon Fire TV. It's definitely my favorite TV device. The UI is very nice and fluid, I like the apps and games available in the marketplace (hopefully Amazon will add Hulu and other video streaming services). But my favorites features are:1. Kindle Fire screen mirroring - I love being able to show my family or to myself whatever I have on my Kindle screen, on a my big TV.2. Second screen support - while you are watching a movie or a serial, the Kindle screen shows a small picture with the name of each actor who appears in the current scene. You know how many time I wonder where I saw him/her before? Now with Kindle and Fire TV I can see right away. Data are pulled from IMDB so you just click the actor image and get the IMDB card - very, very cool and intelligent use of the second screen (I wish this feature will be used by other apps, like sport streaming apps and videogames).The videogame controller is high quality, almost at the same level of Xbox's.So, good job Amazon - keep working on it and you will have a killer device in few months,,,
Hulu freezes all the time, the if you go back out a level then it's hard at time to get back to where you left off and the episode of a TV show will restart from the beginning. and if you use your voice to find the show again, then it won't always let you resume.The voice feature to find a show or movie, is AWESOME!
Husband absolutely loves it!  A new toy for him.  He especially likes the music where he can listen to what he wants to at any time.  Good gift!
I also have a PS3 and chromecast for streaming.  As I have an Amazon Prime account with a kindle fire, I felt it made sense to get this fire tv.  It works well and I also played a few games.  One of the games promoted lets you use the kindle fire hdx as a remote.  Pretty cool stuff.Cannot wait for my back ordered remote control.  I'm a casual gamer and rarely play.  However, this device makes it easy to just pick up a game any time without a lot of effort and time that goes into ps3.  Better than playing it on a tablet.
I am a little disappointed that I have to use three remotes to use this ... one each for the tv, cable, and the fire tv.  Also one of the series I as catching up on over the years, I noticed that last year's shows requested that I pay for each show.  Other than that, it is fine.  Just have to get used to that.  I haven't tried using my kindle or computer with it yet tho.
I am a tech junkie, I have a Roku 3 which I like for its easy navigation. I bought the Fire TV and the picture seems be be better on the Fire TV and had buffering issues on the Roku and have not encountered them on the Fire TV so far. I am not a fan of the remote however the navigation wheel seems like it will not last long. I have PlayOn.tv app on the Roku and found a way to sideload on the Fire TV works well. I have not bought any games yet, but the variety so far seem like something you would buy for a little Nintendo DS. Wish the usb slot would work so if they do get some good games you will need somewhere to store them as I assume they will be large.
I am currently happy with the Amazon Fire.  I just switched from cable to streaming...I also have a Roku...So far it works well, the voice command is a nice feature...I don't love the remote....wish it was lighted...in the dark, always pushing the wrong button...the home and play button are too close together...Home button should be on top of remote...so I push Home instead of play....A LOT and have to start over...otherwise..a good lil streamer
I am delighted with the speed of this unit. I have an older Roku and the Fire TV is much better. I hope that the voice search is expanded to cover other apps. As of today I well pleased with this purchase.
I am still learning how to navigate it, but so far it is great. Saves a lot of time from manually searching for movies.
I am still learning how to use:Pro -Easy to set upStreams alot of apps and plenty more on the wayCons -Voice Search - not able to use well since I have speech impairment.  This feature is great for those that it can understand well.I hope that add a verbal feature to spell out by letter verbally when it does not recognize the word you are trying to say.  This would still be quicker than text search.Amazon Instant Video search - this has a lot of room for improvementFor instance, if you do a text search and get several categories for the same word or similar word beginning, you select one to search further.  However, if you want to go back one step to the list it gave you, you can't you have to start the text search all over again.  Like other have indicated it is easier to use your computer to search.Text search - should simplify choosing of the letters right now you have to go back and forth over the 26 letters to get from n to a etc.  My tv cable search has a simpler box method for alphabet like first row a - e, 2nd row f- etc.  Easier to do text input quicker.
I am very pleased with the increased speed of this device - it is fantastic.I took off one star, though, because it isn't easy to see which material is Prime and which is not.  I would have only taken off 1/2 star if that was an option!
I bought one of these for my girlfriend in May '14 and installed it for her because she was already a Prime subscriber. Very nice looking unit that is packaged in a very nice box so if you are giving it as a present you won't have to package it up any nicer. Setup was extremely easy even though her's was not pre-registered to her Prime account. There is a short tutorial when it starts up and after that it is very easy to use. I researched ahead of time and had also ordered the $6 HDMI cable because it does not come with that. It worked great for her so I ordered one for myself shortly after that because I cancelled cable TV last year and have been living on antenna TV and DVD's. I have been using it fairly often and have had no problems at all. I did buy a new standard DOCSIS 3.0 modem and increased my internet speed quite a bit so I don't know if there are streaming problems at slower speeds or not.I did buy it so I could watch stuff without paying (I am a Prime member) and I can do that, but I do agree with other reviewers that  as Prime subscribers we should be able to search for free Prime content only if desired. I can work through it but it is a pain. I watched my girlfriend's 8 year old boy keep saying &#34;Prime movies&#34; into the remote the other day so he could look for stuff that he could watch since he knows his mother is not going to let him watch anything that costs money. That doesn't work so his 10 year old brother tried and then they just gave up on it so I don't know how much they will end up using it.In summary; if you are a Prime member already, if you spend about $106 dollars you have a lot of free content you can watch but you will have to surf around for it.
I bought the Amazon Fire for my husbands birthday gift. We were very interested in it since we are Prime members but we were skeptical...AppleTV, Roku, even Netflix through our BluRay player aren't really that cool, so how was Amazon Fire different?Plain and Simple, we LOVE the voice search and the ease of purchasing Amazon products with a little click. Its also VERY easy to use the keys on screen to sign in to Pandora etc... Much Much MUCH better, faster usability than AppleTV.I only give it 4 stars because, while Amazon Prime does include a lot of &#34;free&#34; content...its all stuff that no one really wants to watch, unless you're a 13 year old kid. You still have to pay additional service fees to Netflix, HBO etc. so you can't really cancel cable...its not a replacement for anything, its just a cool toy.
I bought the Amazon Fire to replace my Apple TV.  I liked the Apple TV but was not happy the way iTunes would mess with the YouTube videos.  There were videos that I had saved to my favorites that would suddenly disappear from YouTube on my AppleTV but were still available from my Windows based computer.  Also it did not support Amazon Prime.  I am disappointed with the way  Amazon Fire handles YouTube.  There is no way to save a video to my favorites after you have watched it on YouTube.  I had planned to give my Apple TV box to my Brother but now keep it next to the Amazon Fire box and just switch connections so I can use either box depending on what I want to watch.  I hope Amazon will fix this in the future.
I bought this device because I know Amazon makes excellents devices. I can see many things with my Fire TV: I can watch my photos,  videos and play games. The only thing I do not like is I can not enjoy films by streaming because my location outside USA is not ready yet. For this reason I give four stars.
I bought this mostly because it was interesting technically. I wanted to use it mostly to watch Netflix and it works well for that. The one thing I don't like is that it automatically plays the next episode of the series I am watching, but this is probably a feature of Netflix rather than the Fire TV itself. I like the voice search, but it only gets me as far as Netflix.
I brought 1 and it works great so I got another one to try on another TV which has only component inputs and brought a HDMI converter. It does not work with it. It would be a great help if Amazon would list what if any converters would work with the Kindle fire TV.  Also the Kindle Fire TV won't work with all HDMI cables if you plan to use a HDMI Switch.
I can't say much as I was not able to use the full features. I am able to use a Roku without too many issues at slow speeds 2.8 MBS but with the Amazon Fire it buffers WAY too much.. This is really not a knock on Amazon but a caution to those that have slower speeds like mine. Amazon even says it requires a high speed connection.
I chose to give the Fire TV 4 out of 5 stars because it's a great little device.  The unit was very simple to setup (preloaded with all of my info), with a nice small footprint on my entertainment center, and it works flawlessly (especially the sound search, which I initially doubted).  I have both the Amazon Fire and Roku 3 and after a week's extensive use of the Fire TV, I've never experienced any loading delays or buffering issues during a program.  I'm not a gamer, but I've purchased a few and they work fine.  I do have 3 major issues with the Amazon Fire TV which seems to be echoed in many other reviews I've read so far.  1. No access to my Amazon Cloud Music.  2. Sound search is limited to Amazon content only, and  3. I'd like to see a greater selection of video apps (esp. Vudu where I already have some movies stored).  I would certainly recommend the Fire TV to a friend if they had everything attached to Amazon.  I would not if they had movies stored in other accounts to where there is no access, in that case I would recommend the Roku.  More apps and cloud music access would definitely rate 5 stars for me.
I decided to upgrade from my Apple TV (I am a huge Apple fan) to the Amazon Fire TV...What a huge difference. When you decide what you want to watch and press play its starts instantly with NO wait period at all.My apple tv would think for a couple of minutes and sometimes it would just stop playing because it could not keep up.The voice control WORKS... Just say what you are looking for and it pulls it up. It is the first voice control I have ever used that works.Why 4 stars instead of 5. The remote works great but feels cheap in your hand compared to Apple but for me it was well worth the buy especially being a Prime Member. Netflix and Hulu Plus work well through this system as well...
I'd like to see the voice commands work for all the apps. There should be some kind of deals on renting or purchasing movies or shows. Buy one get one half off or free or different specials because you can get movies at red box for $1.20 per movie.
I don't have cable in my room so this is perfect. I love amazon instant video, and that is mainly what I watch. I am not impressed with the offerings of hbo or other cable apps. I am not into Hollywood movies. I really like the fact that you can buy or rent shows right off the box unlike the app where you have to leave and go to the amazon site to make a purchase. For some reason I have trouble accessing crackle but other than that it's great.
I don't understand why it doesn't link to my Amazon Cloud Player for all my music.  not that many free movies on Prime that I like but I could get Netflix and have all I want.  love the link to ESPN.  wondering if they will link to SEC Network when it becomes available this fall.
I enjoy the FIre TV. ITS FAST!  There  have been a few issues and i had to disconnect the power to restart it. would like to see more apps for more content. also would be nice if the voice search function would work with other streaming clients.  havnt played the games so i dont have any comment about that function.
If all you want to do right now is download movies or TV shows, you'll love it. I've only had one instance where the device paused a movie for a few seconds to buffer the stream. If you're looking to use it for games or other apps, I'd wait until there's more available.
I feel like this review will be slightly biased as I am definitely a fan of Amazon!  I love the Fire TV, it works great, I have had it since Mother's Day or so.  A little over a month.  It's amazing.  There are parent controls so my son can only watch what is on Prime and what is for his level.  Made the mistake of not having parent controls on the Kindle and ended up with $70 worth of games and movies.  LOL.  Although I completely enjoy the Fire TV; there are a couple of things that I would do differently when they release the next version.  I would love the option to start a movie at the beginning or resume where I left off and I have not been able to figure that one out.  The other thing is that the unit takes a long time to power down and sometimes it just stays on after I shut off the television.  I own an Apple TV (although I prefer my Amazon Fire TV for many reasons), and this unit powers down very quickly.  For the cost of the unit, definitely worth it to have all your free Prime stuff in there, along with Netflix and all the other TV options.  Love it!
If I'm reviewing just the devices it would be a five.... but as far as the prime services.... I dont like the way they organize seasons of TV shows. The apps available are still lacking.... I purchased mainly because of the deal w hbo
I find the voice search to be less than expected. Its a new product, I am hoping the designers will make it work better.
If you have Amazon Prime a definite plus. I don't have Netflix or any other service, but if they have the quality of Prime this is a real keeper. Crackle is a pleasant surprise also. I would recommend spending some time checking it out. I am very happy with it and the prospects in the future.
If you have an amazon prime membership, or are willing to get one, then this device is great. I received one for a gift, and have been using it for about a week so far. In the past, I have had horrible buffering issues with Amazon Video - however, using the Fire TV, I have not had one issue of this happening yet. I am super happy with the speed of play. The voice to text search is handy, but isn't really all that revolutionary. The amount of shows in the amazon prime catalog is amazing. The kids have tons of spongebob - and I&#34;m currently halfway into watching Alphas. I would highly recommend one if you have prime or are about to get it. If I didn't have a prime membership, I'm not sure this is worth it.
If you have use a Roku  or Apple TV, this does the same thing as those. The search by voice feature is a big plus and I really like the interface. The remote control is genius as it functions well as a game controller for most game and has all the functionality of a remote control. The streaming is fast and high quality. my only complaint is that the voice search function only works for Amazon Prime movies and shows, I would guess they will implement this into Netflix and the other services soon. If not it's a horrible decision.Overview: If your looking for a dedicated streaming box this is the one you want.
If you want a great streaming box this is a good choice. It is better if you are a Amazon Prime member you get more movies and tv shows included . The icons are very big so you can see them far away.  The speed of the device is very fast to move around.Voice search works great on this device. Load time is very fast for video. The device does not take a lot of room on entertainment area.  I am still waiting for hob go and would like vudu too.
I got one this weekend after a few months of debating whether to get an apple tv (as I primarily have apple products). In the end, I determined apple tv was redundant to what I already had set up for my television. Since then I've realized I do a fair amount of my tv watching through Amazon Prime, so when this came out I did a comparison and went ahead and took the plunge. So far I am very pleased with it. I like the set up, it's fast and works well with my less than optimal internet setup. The voice command option is fantastic- I've tried to use the one with my Kinect on my xbox 360 and it really wasn't worth it. The only things I feel like it is missing are MLBtv and HBOgo, which is why I have it at four stars instead of five. I hope those are eventually added.
I got this since we were trying to do away with Dish. So far we have been watching old tv series and it's been going fine. But we haven't tried other things.
I had a log on issue, and Amazon was a help. Somehow my wi-fi password was off by one letter and I didn't realize it had changed. I had to whip the egg off my face. Once I fixed the operator error, the unit connected and is operating. I'm not that conversant with all the available streaming products, but this does the job for me and I am happy that it does come with Amazon Prime.
I had trouble with the installation, with help from Amazon we reversed the cable and it worked. Love the voice activation.Don't like paying for movies I have on DVD.
I have Apple TV (the first generation hardware, latest firmware).  The biggest differences between Apple TV and Fire TV are;- pretty much no video buffering and it starts right away, no stopping in the middle.  This is great.- there are tons of free movies with Amazon Prime membership.  On Apple TV, there is no free movie.- Apple TV has iTunes Radio and also my own library.  Fire TV is with no music for now.  I'm sure it's coming in the near future.- never tried Apps for Games yet on Fire TV.  I will.- remote is easy to use (except rewinding and fast forwarding of video) on Fire TV.  &#34;Home button&#34; is great, something not on Apple TV.
I have a smart tv but decided to add the kindle fire because I wanted the super HD quality where possible. It's true, not only do I get super HD quality, but I like the ease of using the kindle fire remote and it's features with exception of the voice activation feature.  When I use the voice activated feature, it will only pull up movies and TV shows that are available for rent or purchase. The voice activation will not look for movies in Netflick or Amazon Prime, unless I'm doing something wrong. So, for me the voice activation is useless. I also have a Apple TV.  I love the Apple TV equally as well, but Apple doesn't have amazon prime streaming.
I have been watching old &#34;24&#34; shows and old Star Trek Voyager from Amazon Prime.  The voice search works only on that from what I have gathered from other comments.  The unit is really small and I like that since it is hardly noticeable setting by the TV. I expect that Amazon will add other apps in the future.  Personally I'm waiting for someone to add some faith-based programming and family programming.  I had subscribed to Sky Angel network which carried around 60 different channels thru streaming.  Unfortunately they went out of business.  Someone else would be smart to pick up this type of service and gain some subscribers who are not big fans of all of the &#34;modern&#34; TV junk.
I have had my Fire TV for about a week now.  The image is stunning! Nice to use the 1080P for TV.... It is fast and easy to find what i want to watch and I am loving the games.  I have mostly used it for the gaming this week and I also bought the Amazon Bluetooth Controller which I give 5 starts if you are a gamer.ONE THING NEEDS TO BE UPDATED! As of right now the USB port is useless.  Being a gamer and having only 5 games on my Fire TV the storage is already maxed out! I paid for a couple of the games so I can not delete anymore or download anymore. I clicked on the contact me option and I was called within a min! The customer service guy said I am not the only one with the problem.  They need to send an update so my 16GB thumb drive will be recognized and I can add more games.  After this update is corrected it will be a 5 star item that you must have!!
I haven't tried all the features yet but what I have tried was just as advertised.  Set up was amazingly easy.  I wish that I could use my Kindle HD for the second screen but all I see is that it supports only the HDX.  The only real problem I found was with the voice system on the remote.  I said the title of a movie and I did see the correct movie on the screen however not one of the options available allowed me to see the movie I already owned without buying or renting it.  I was able to get to my purchased copy the old fashioned way.
I have owned many different media streaming products.  I currently am using 2 Roku(s), a Google TV, A chrome tv, and a smart TV. In addition, I used to use a netgear 2000.The Amazon Fire TV arrived yesterday.  the packaging was very nice but simple.  I immediately noticed the quality of the Fire TV during the unboxing - it does seem to be very well made. The unit is very thin which means you can put it almost anywhere. Also, the unit actually is heavier than it looks, which is nice because that means it will not slide off of your entertainment center if you have anything plugged into it. The unit has a LAN connection on the back, as well as HDMI, optical, and what seems to be a 3.5 mm jack.  The remote reminded me a lot of an Apple TV unit with the round interface button and the overall look of the remote.Connection was very easy, and it came right on. The menus are laid out well and very easy to navigate through. Surprisingly, the unit was already setup to my amazon prime, so there was no setup required for that part.  It appears that the unit is running on android, which is awesome - that would explain why there are android games available to play on the unit (you can purchase a game controller separately).The voice search works great.  I was able to find everything quickly.  In addition, this unit does include YouTube - Roku does not.The only thing that I did not like about the Amazon Fire TV is that many of the TV shows are not free, and I do have a prime account, so that is annoying, and I took away a star for that.  Also, no HDMI cable comes with the unit, but that is not a huge sticking point.All in all it is a nicer unit than the Roku and probably even with Apple TV (I say that because you can mirror your ipad through an apple TV to your TV which gives it some cred.).
I have quite a few streaming devices:  two Apple TV boxes, one with 720P and one with 1080P; a Roku Box, last generation, with 1080P; and now the Amazon Fire TV, obviously with 1080P.  Hey, is anyone going to have 4K support anytime soon?  Well, stay tuned I suppose.Anyways, it surely is a bummer that you need so many different devices such as these, but since I'm mildly cheap, I don't want to get nickled-and-dimed every month by Netflix.  So, when I dumped their service about a year ago, I already had Amazon Prime which I use for so-called "free" movies, which aren't truly free and you already know why.  For first-run movies, I often rent from Apple.  At least until this point, I thought that the video from them was the cleanest and smoothest.  But the new Fire surely gives Apple a run for their money.This box is really good.  Find it on your doorstep, open it up, plug it in, and voila!  It already knows who you are and configures it for you and your Amazon account.  You don't even have to log in.  Now, that is a very nice little feature, something that even Apple doesn't do, or at least didn't do with their machines, in the past.Of course, there's always good and bad with everything, and I would imagine that there may be a potential minor security issue with this feature.  Let's say that the UPS driver doesn't deliver your new Amazon Fire, but rather pops it in his trunk and takes it home.  He then plugs it in -- after stealing other people's stuff the rest of the day -- and the device thinks that it's you, logging implicitly into your account, and bingo!  He gets free movies for awhile while you're still waiting for that delivery, looking at your watch every few minutes.  I'm sure that this is possible, unless of course the fine developers at Amazon were smart enough to track your usual IP addresses and flag a box plugged into another network.  (My guess:  probably not, since most people have dynamic IPs through their ISPs, and those IP addresses can and may change at any time.)The UI on this device is really nice, probably nicer than the modified iOS UI on the Apple TV.  But I have found one issue with this machine, an issue that, if it does exist -- I've seen it multiple times so I believe that it is -- it should be able to be fixed with an upcoming firmware update.Most of the devices on my network are plugged in through Ethernet -- I have gigabit throughout the house, with a port in almost every room -- and the Fire is no exception.  And most of the devices use DHCP, since configuration is easiest that way.  Sure, I have a few devices that have static IPs, but they would be the exception.  Anyways, I believe that, with DHCP, the standards say something like:  "If the DHCP server reboots, and the clients do not, the DHCP server should try to reissue a temporary IP license to as many devices as possible with the same previous IP addresses."  I believe this is correct based upon behavior that I've seen with most clients.However, if you reboot your DHCP server -- which I do fairly often, along with the rest of my networking equipment -- this device does not get the same IP address.  As a matter of fact, it loses network connection entirely, and you must reboot it to get back on the Internet!  And peeking through the menus, for the life of me, I cannot fine a "reboot" menuitem anywhere.  What does this mean?  Well, if I reboot my network equipment, I also need to unplug this device from the wall and plug it back in.  Ugh.Like I said, I've seen this happen at least two or three times so it must be a bug.  For this reason, I'm kicking my score down to four.  But it might be a five if this issue is fixed in an update as the video looks really good on this box, much better than my Roku.  And probably at least as good as my Apple TV.
I have really enjoyed using the Fire TV. It's fast and full of interesting features, save one, I subscribe to Hulu Plus and Netflix. Fire TV is able to search Hulu Plus but cannot search Netflix. This drawback is significant for me. I hope that very soon the search capability of the unit will be upgraded in order to include Netflix. Besides this deficiency, Fire TV is a winner.
I have three streaming players in addition to a blue ray disc player that will stream also. SO here is my take on the Amazon Fire TV:Likes:It is very easy to use and set up.Love the interface.Love voice search.I like being able to find inexpensive games to play and have something other remote play with.Love the updatability of it. They can continue to improve and expand it.It is fairly fast.Dislikes:Wish I could play items off my media server from it. Need to add app for streaming your own videos and make it as easy as the rest of interface.More content (I know it will be forth coming)Overall, I would definitely recommend buying one.
I have to say I really like the ease of use of the Amazon Fire.  It was very easy to set up and works wonderfully.
I have to say that this is by far the best streaming device out there (especially if you are a prime member).I own a roku, apple tv and WHD streamer and I have to say Fire TV is the best one yet.The fire tv is faster at loading content, and is nice over all.Gaming is a very nice addition, you can play the tablet games on the big screen with a controller and and is great.One draw back to this is that once you have downloaded a few maybe 6 apps or games you need to delete one to download another. This is true for games like modern combat 4 and the like. very big games. wish they can open up the usb port to allow for more storage space.I am a happy customer though.
I have tried several of these streaming devices and found this one much easier to set up than the others. I also appreciated being able to simply say what I wanted and have it appear.My only problem with it is that so far there seems to be a charge for everything I have inquired about. I am wondering whether there is any free content available for this service or whether I am going to be running up a bill for every movie, TV show, etc. I watch.
I have tried several set top boxes (Roku, Apple TV, Google TV, PS3, and Chromecast) this is the first one that I feel has met all my needs. It is responsive easy to setup and has fantastic integration with Amazon Prime (naturally). The only think that has stopped it from being a five star device is the Netflix app (frequent crashes) and a lack of apps.
I have two other streaming boxes-- a TV and a Blu-Ray player. This box is by far the fastest of the three. It quickly loads the apps and content appears quickly on the screen. I really have no complaints about the box and it's workings. But I am not planning on keeping it. I have Amazon Prime and Netflix and am totally underwhelmed by the offerings from both services. If I was made of money I would keep it for it's ease and convenience but I am not willing to spend the money just to have a better experience streaming an occasional video to my TV.And one other thing-- there is no off switch. Sure it turns off after a while but when I am done with it I'd like to turn it off or at least put it in standby.
I just got it yesterday, but so far I really like it.It's easy to setup and very easy to navigate.
I just wish I could get some the apps I love. Not sure why it will not let me downloadany app.
I like a lot of things about the Fire Tv unit, It was easy to set up and use.I just wish it had recording capabilities, and there is to much &#34;for sale&#34; movies and TV.The instructions are a little lacking.
I like it. It was easy to hook up and pretty simple to use. I have no complaints so far.
I like it very much and it looks very tiny and elegant; however, I can't figure out how to enter my passwords for Pandora, Hulu, Netflix, etc... what am I doing wrong? I know it must be simple because nobody has addressed this problem, so it must just be me.Can someone please tell me? I only saw the onscreen keyboard when I entered my Wireless pass code, but not when I have to log in to my other stations.
I like my Fire TV because it gives me access to my Amazon movies, TV shows, games and movies. It needs more channels and I hope that comes with time. The downside to it is that I don't have ANY pics or music in the Amazon ecosystem. I really just watch movies, watch videos (Vevo) and TV shows on it. I'm waiting on the controller to come out so my kids (and I) can play games it. I need more in the Amazon ecosystem to take full advantage of it.
I like the device itself, especially the voice command feature. There are lots of movies to choose from but I am disappointed with howmany of them are not free,being that I am a prime member.
I like the new Fire, but I was disappointed not to be able to get ESPN. I use DirecTV and they aren't one of the providers that subscribe to it. I like not having to use another device to get to Prime TV, Netflix, and Pandora and I have discovered a couple of others that I hadn't used before. Boy, it was easy to hook up and set up, too.
I like the number of channels that shipped pn first open but was dissapointed with how the voice search didn't find things in most of the chanels.  For example, Twit netcasts in tunein or you tube. Channels.
I like this device a lot. Easy to use. Very solid remote just the right size. Buttons are nicely stiff. Let's me use my prime subscription to it highest use.
I love amazon fire! It's user friendly and offers lots of shows with amazon prime. I also watch my Netflix on there, rent movies, listen to pandora and go on YouTube.  The remote it poor quality though.
I love being able to stream Hulu, Netflix and Amazon Prime  shows and movies on my TV. Happy with my purchase.
I love being an Amazon Prime member but before this product, I was never able to make full use of my membership benefits (i.e., the free movies and TV shows).  The Amazon Fire TV changed all that and I am very happy Amazon released this product.  Now I get so many great TV shows (even if some are a season behind) and movies that there is no way I could watch them all.  There are many shows that I was always reluctant to buy (I have an Apple TV as well, which I like a lot too) but many are actually available on Amazon Prime for free.Now why would I only give this product 4 stars?  Simply put, I don't like the user interface.  Like I previously stated, I have the Apple TV and the user interface is smooth, easy to navigate, and easy to look at.  I don't like the interface of the Amazon Fire TV as much.  I do like how it breaks down Prime shows versus other shows that have to be paid for.  However, it could use more of the Apple model for sorting options even further.With that being said, the voice searching option is terrific and if you know specifically what you are looking for, works tremendously.The remote is very user friendly and easy to use.  The setup was a piece of cake.  The quality of streaming is HD and on par with the Apple TV.Overall, I highly recommend this product and if they work on the user interface, it will get 5 stars.
I loved the fact that I could watch TV and so many movies when my schedule permitted.  And for the cost of only wireless internet instead of the like, $200 my friends spend on tv, internet and phone.  I dove right on the Amazon TV bandwagon.  I would have given it 5 stars if there were some kind of clock on the tv or home screen like there is on my kindle.  I watch episode after episode some times and lose track of time...no clock, it sucks.  I also wish I could jump from episode to episode with one click like I can on my kindle instead of backing all the way out.  Hey amazon guys...work on that.
I love it and the performance of Amazon Fire TV is incredible, but it needs more services.  Right now you basically can choose from Amazon, Netflix, and Hulu for content and the rest is very minimal.  Those services work great and look great when viewed using Fire TV, don't get me wrong, but there is a lot more out there when compared to the Roku for example.
I love it!  It is worth every penny. It takes my flat screen to a smart tv. Even my kids love. We r a fire family!
I love it! My only complaint is that there is not a &#34;start over&#34; option. It always picks up where you left off. If you come back to a movie that is rolling the credits, you have to rewind it to the beginning to start it over. I called customer service and was told they are working on an update for this but that was two months ago and I have not seen anything yet. Otherwise, I love it. And the voice option is super handy!
I love it so far.It is in it's earliest stages and i do antipicipate more to come.Wish more older classics was on  Prime but i
I love love live it. The Nerflix ap could work better but otherwise so far it's amazing!  The quality is superb.
I love my Fire TV unit. It does everything as advertised, was very easy to set up and works like a charm. BUT... I am one of those who dropped my subscription to cable TV years ago (for the normal reason), but still enjoy sports. Fire TV advertises access to, among other things, Watch ESPN. I was so excited to gain access to the ESPN channels that I neglected to read the fine print. It specifies that one must have access to cable TV first in order to watch Watch ESPN. Bummer... Otherwise, I am very happy with my Amazon Fire TV.
I love the concept and the information provided  about the dosage.  Now when I use the regular doses in my other dogs if any is left in the vial I put it in the vial provided by this company. Any little drop helps and this product can be expensive when you have multiple dogs.
I love the hardware on this thing. If they get HBO Go at some point in the future I'd raise the raiting to 5 stars. I do wish it had an earphone plug on the remote, but guess you can't have everything.
I love the remote! The speech search feature works wells in Amazon which is all I need. The selection is fine for us.
I love the unit, it is small and powerful! The biggest downfall to me is it needs and on and off button either on the remote or on the box, it takes up to three to five minutes to turn off after you switch back to regular tv.  No problem the light just continues to flash then goes off.However I did install a HDMI switch and it works great. Now I can  use my Blue Ray Player and Fire TV with no problem! I do like the choices on the Fire TV, I think Netflix is clearer , I am a Prime Member also. That give you more choices on video too. I would recommend this to anyone who wants to have more choices and a very clear picture.
I love the voice search but I don't recall reading that it only works on Amazon Prime.  You are back to the good old search for the letter and enter on Netflix.My biggest beef is really more for Prime than Fire TV.  When you find something you want to watch you have to make at least 2 clicks to find out if it is free or not.  Why can't that be front and center? It does open your search capabilities only to find out that there is not as much &#34;good stuff&#34; for free on Prime as Netflix.It was extremely easy to setup.  From box to watching in about 5 minutes.  Very intuitive and a no brainer. The device itself is good looking and very Apple-like. The remote is responsive and has a good feel. I love that Fire TV is app friendly with other services such as Plex, Netflix, Crackle, etc.I would and have recommended it to others.
I love this little thing. It is a little pricey up front, but once you get it, it is worth it.all your shows in one place. I had netflix, but did the math and prime is cheaperover a year  and has almost the same shows and movies, plus the addedbonus of the free shipping, books and now music. Games are great. The onlything I would change, would be to separate the prime movies and shows fromthe ones you have to pay to view. Really that is a Amazon Prime thing and nota fire tv. WiFi signal is great, and My Hulu has stopped freezing as much as it was.I have only had it 2 months, so we will see how long it lasts!
I'm actively looking to &#34;ditch the dish&#34; and not have cable as we transition to internet TV. I had already purchased Chromecast and now I bought the Amazon Fire TV. Now, I can watch all the Prime streaming shows on my TV.If the show is in HD it is outstanding but not all Prime shows are HD. I have a few more months on my Dish contract and when I get close to the end I'll be subscribing to internet TV providers and we'll see how Amazon Fire TV works with them.I had one issue after setting up my Dish remote to control my Bose Solo, I no longer had sound on Amazon TV. I went to the &#34;help&#34; screen on AFTV and there was an option to have Amazon call me. I clicked on it and immediately my phone rang with a customer service rep who helped me get the sound back on. That was impressive.So far, I'm impressed and I would recommend.
I'm having trouble getting sound on some movies, Alpha House is one.  I keep getting continuous dot sound almost like the letter E in morse code.  There are a few more that I can't recall names of movies.
I'm still getting use to using it. I'm liking it so far especially the voice interaction which is amazing. I'm thinking about buying another one for my parents.
Installed and set-up in 3 minutes.  Nothing special required, your Amazon Prime account info is preloaded.  Great RF remote does not need line-of-sight to work.
I own all the brands except Apple TV and the video quality looks to me to be better than even my Roku 3. It is a lot faster in its response time too.
I own two Ruku's and two Apple TVs.  I love the speed of the Fire but wish the voice recognition would work across all program services, like Netflix. I also wish there were more program options, like the PBS program on Apple.  I really like how a TV series plays the next show automatically without manual intervention.
I purchased an Amazon Fire TV for myself and my mother, both to primarily have easy access to the Plex app and also Netflix. She has an Amazon Prime account but I do not, so she will make more use of the Fire TV's other features than I will. My main reasons for not giving 5 stars are that it doesnt come with an HDMI cable. I mean seriously, would it have cost Amazon that much to add one of their own brand cables, which retails for like $3.99? Also, although I am hoping against hope on this one, it is a shame that the voice search only works on the Prime parts of the device, not Netflix or any other apps. Perhaps in a future software update they will make the voice search available to other apps. Other than those two gripes, which I knew about both before I purchased, the Fire TV does exactly what it is supposed to, and is super fast.
I purchased the Amazon Fire TV so I could watch movies and tv shows that I had missed and so far we are enjoying the different programs.  It took a little time to get it hooked up because I have an older TV and did not understand what I needed to do.  Had my grandson come over and it did not take him long to get it going for me.
I purchased this as a mother's day present for my grandmother, who frequently uses her Prime account and my Netflix account to stream shows/movies. She's a die-hard Amazon fan, loves her Kindle Fire so I thought this would be perfect for her.For the most part, this is true. She's not tech savvy, so I was hoping the voice search would be a useful tool for her. To some extent it is but it would be so much more useful if it searched outside of Amazon's offerings.The fact that the Prime Videos are not separated have also been a source of confusion. I advised my grandmother to just bypass that and voice search for Netflix and type in what she wants and since then she's been binge watching Breaking Bad. =)
I purchased this to put in my living room, so that I could move my Roku to the bedroom. The voice search is great but it does not seem to offer as many channels as my Roku does.
I quit gaming and the only reason i still had my ps4 was to watch Netflix and crunchy roll so now i am thrilled that amazon released this media box its affordable and its extremely fast the only reason i gave it four stars was because it didn't have hbo and crunchy roll and I'm a HUGE anime fan so i was sad to see these apps not available hopefully they add hbo and crunchy roll because if they do that would be amazing if you watch netflix or hulu and like to casual game then this is perfect for you
I really like Amazon Fire TV.  The one thing I would like is to be able to listen to music I have purchased from Amazon music app. Otherwise, I am really enjoying it.
I really like the Amazon Fire TV.  However, I  still have not been able to get the Hulu account to download properly.  Also when accessing Amazon Prime, there is no filter to tell you which movies are free and which ones are not.
I really like the way the menu is organized. The remote works very well. I'm getting good HD signal consistently with no buffering. This is what I was waiting for!
I really like this device. It's very quick and extremely easy to set up....I've have no issues. This little box is especially useful for those who are prime members or if you view Amazon materials. The apps for netflix and hulu and youtube are very good also.One nice feature for things like hulu and youtube (haven't tried netflix) is that you can pair the FireTV apps to a tablet or even a laptop (I used android tablet and chromebook), allowing you to be on your computer or tablet, identify content on hulu or youtube, and then click a label on computer/tablet to have it immediately play on your TV through the FireTV (like with chromecast). Of course you can also just use to FireTV apps also...so both work!The voice search works extremely well for Amazon content and it is supposed to extend to some apps I believe (but not to things like youtube or vimeo unfortunately). For things like youtube, you still have to click through individual letters if you want to do a search....a very clumsy method used by others as well.With the voice search limitations at present, you still have to use the click letter method to spell show names or videos in some of the apps. Amazon needs to make a change to this quickly IMO. If google does come out with their own box and it has voice search across apps (They already do speech to text pretty well with their own search engine as well as Google Now), I think it could hurt sale of other TV boxes. Amazon needs to identify a method to allow apps to use either the Amazon search engine or simply to allow apps to use Amazon speech to text in other app search boxes. This would be a boon for Amazon IMO....no more hunt and peck letter by letter to spell a word...just say it! Please, please, please Amazon....consider this in a future upgrade because I think people would drop Roku and Apple boxes faster than a space capsule entering earth's atmosphere.
I really love having the Amazon Fire TV. I am planning to buy a unit for each TV in our home. I hope they will add more movies to the free Prime category and do better than Netflix. Not dropping Netflix til they beef up that offering some more and add more NEW RELEASES to the options. And thumbs UP for having Pandora too!
I really love it.  It's so much nicer than my old Roku box.  MUCH better remote.  When I pick it up and push the button it automatically comes on and has been changed from cable T.V. to the Fire for Netflix movies or games and Amazon Prime if you have it.  No grabbing the Other remote to change the input.  It's real worth the money.
I recently got this because of my three year old daughter.  We originally purchased DVDs for her to watch in her room on her dvd player but after a month of use the dvds would be so scratched they wouldn't play. we started buying digital DVD on amazon and letting her watch them in the main living room this obviously prevented the adults from enjoying some down time ;) She is three so we have a non-internet enabled TV in her room (for parental control on what she watches and accesses - hence no cable connection)  So when I heard about this device I immediately purchased it. Un-boxing and setup took less than 15 minutes and was a breeze to get running. The controls are intuitive and easy to understand and the visual menus let my daughter see and pick what she wants to watch.That said I only have one Con about the device - Parental control.  When I setup the device it asks if you want to enable parental control in the form of a pin (if you already have one setup with your linked account it uses that one)  the problem I have is that once parental control is enabled it is required to watch ANYTHING even already purchased content.  I cannot say prompt for pin only on PG or higher rated content or to purchase content so when my daughter goes to our movie library and selects Dora the explorer to watch I have to enter the pin for every episode she wants to watch. I am pretty sure this is a bug or maybe I don't understand how to configure it differently but it is definitely a pain in the but to run to the device every 30 minutes to input a code for the next episode of a children's cartoon.Other than that I love this device.
it doesn't support Aereo yetit doesn't support Charter cable for hbo go and espn livei have a roku 3 and was hoping to have a seamless replacementbut it doesn't have all the apps in place yeti also think the navigation could be better
It has a usb port,but can not play vob formats. It should, because WD does, and I want to play my mp3 songs that I bought from amazon,but it has no app for that; they say it's coming soon.The talk part works with the amazon videos , but not on the other apps , which it should; just like the smart phones do.Amazon , should hire better programmer's
I think it is not as good unless you have prime to go with it. Prime should be discounted if you get Fire also.
i think its great.  one problem was that it didn't work.  the next day until now it has worked flawlessly.
I think the Fire TV is great! After hooking it up, it took about 10 minutes to download the software and install. There is no way around the annoying tutorial video. It's long and needs to have an option to skip. DO NOT hit the back button because it will make you watch the whole thing over again...no fast forwarding allowed! My amazon account was already pre-programmed in so I didn't have to enter any usernames, passwords, or the 5 digit prime pin #.Once you make it through the video, it loads fast. I normally watch prime videos through the PS3 or have a bulky 25ft hdmi hooked up from my laptop to the TV in our bedroom. The load time never seemed long but after using the Fire TV, the Fire TV loads at least 2 times faster. The picture looks great. The box is tiny!The only reason why I'm not giving it 5 stars is because of the tutorial video and the search. The voice search is great when it comes to recognizing what I'm saying. It hasn't mistaken what I've said yet. It's just some of the results seem wrong or unorganized. I tried different searches- more vague or more detailed - of the same show (Dr Who, Season 7, Part 1). When I was specific and said exactly what it is named on Amazon, I ended up not even getting Dr Who as a search result. After messing with it for 10-15 minutes, it was just easier to go on my computer and add the season to my watch list so I could select it.Overall, I'm very happy with it and would recommend it to everyone.
I thought the factory stock was crap, bought this and I am much happier with the gun.  Everything fit my youth 410 Rossini.
It is a nice product..easy to set up (couldnt be easier)..It is size of a cd case (maybe a tad bigger but not much)..so it fits very well wherever you choose to put it..the voice search really works fantastic..that is a rare thing with voice searches..so a huge plus..Also Netflix and YouTube works even better and faster on this then it does online and on my lg blu ray player..so much better exsperiance on here..Great too coz here you get subtitles on netflix (good for me coz i am hard of hearing)..but there are a few &#34;buts&#34; that has to be mentioned (which is why 4 stars).. #1 : if you think there are a lot of free things on this you will be sadly mistaken..for example an ad i seen said that &#34;Hulu&#34; was a free movie service..but it costs $7.99 a month to use it..so that is NOT a free service..it may be worth it but is not free as stated.. #2 it will be hard to find any free movies.,games most of ones that are free are ones that most people would have never heard of..all of the rest have a charge..and when it comes to tv shows i have not found any free ones..so once again if you want this thinking it has a lot a free stuff to help you save money it doesnt work that way.. # 3 there is no way to turn this machine off..there is no power button..it will &#34;go to sleep&#34; within 30 minutes after no use in that amount of time..never heard of a machine that has no power button..so if you want it off then and there you will have to unplug it and whenever you want to use it plugit back in..this is a huge mistake on the usually great Amazon.com  but in the long run if you have the money to spend for whatever movie tv show game and feature you want then this is a great and compact gadget..but if you are on a tight budget this would break you if used all that you would want to..
It is somewhat better than other tv media device. I have had them all. Amazon fire downloads right away. The voice activate does not recognize my voice commands even if I slowly enunciate correctly. It gives mixed message signal like you have no internet connection, your battery is low which I think refers to the remote or the internet download is low. It only state this on the amazon prime app and not Netflix app which works really well.
It is unbelievably easy to set up. Once I connected to my wifi it played an annoying little video and then we were good to go. We watched Barnyard with the kids on our new Sony HDTV and wow were we blown away. I couldn't believe that we were watching a downloaded movie. The picture rivals that of a DVD and the sound through my receiver was excellent. The content available free leavesa lot to be desired but I ddidn't want to pay for yet another cable box just to watch a movie now and then. The kids got the hang of it and are already playing games with it. Good job Amazon!  I'm impressed. The best experience I've ever had with a new electronic device!
it's a quality is excellent much better than cablemuch better PlayStation threelove the surround sound. That is great,
It's been great so far with a few comments.  I'd rather have the option of turning the unit off instead of waiting the 30 minutes or unplugging it.  I'm not sure if it's higher or lower performance than other equipment connected to the router as it drops the connection more than others.
It's good for the $100 price tag. I wish the buffer was bigger, like 1GB or something so that I wouldn't have to wait for movies to buffer. Amazon should allow me to &#34;queue&#34; shows sequentially and have them reside on a local HDD.  Maybe allow an SD card slot so I can install memory for these type things.  Oh well.  It's $100.
it's great, it does what netflix does and more.  Wish i could get local channels live with it,  Maybe it will happen soon.
It's like replacing your computer monitor with your TV. All the same features but a bigger screen. I love it!
It's pretty cool, but the only advantage over a Roku is the voice search. Plus Roku has the small HDMI sticks which are great for TVs you move around, like the one bring out next to my hot tub.
It took about three minutes to set up. It works well and does exactly what it was designed to do.  The one time that I had poor reception on a movie that I paid to rent Amazon processed a refund without me having to ask for it.  I love it.
I used it to replace a Roku unit that I moved to another TV. The only thing I do not like about it is after watching a show such as Family guy it will automatically start playing the next show in like 15 seconds. with my Roku I just turned the TV off,  but with amazon fire I have to hit the home button because if not the next show will be playing. Other than that I think it works great.
I've been an diehard AppleTV fan for a couple of years now. I don't have cable or the tiny satellite dishes, I do get over-the-air (which I'm very happy with). I just recently replaced my old 300 lbs. tv with a new one and figured I'd also get the Amazon Fire TV. It's great! Gary Busey was right the voice search feature is the best! The speed in which this thing returns search results is amazing. The speed that TV shows or movies you want to watch start up is like, FIRE! Pun intended. I really don't think you'll be disappointed in this. Just remember to order an HDMI cable when you order the Amazon Fire TV because it doesn't come with one.
I've been playing around with the Amazon Fire TV for over a week now and I'm pretty impressed. I had Netflix on my smart tv but it was so slow that I didn't even use it. I didn't know if it was the wireless router or what.Plugging in my AFTV wasn't as easy as they claim because the picture didn't come on the TV (HDMI cable was loose), the remote didn't conncect (don't know why but I rebooted AFTV and it worked), and it wouldn't connect to my wireless network (I have a wireless extender and after I disconnected this AFTV connected and I rebooted the extender and everything was fine).As far as the speed, it's pretty impressive. Everything plays right away. The Netflix on my TV sometimes would take 5 min to play something. The speed alone is a reason to buy AFTV,The games seen pretty cool. I ordered a remote controller but they are on back order so I haven't played a lot of them. Again they load right away though.I really like having Pandora and IHeart Radio on AFTV as I can play them through my surround sound. They also load right away.I have two major complaints - First, Amazon Prime does not have it's on search category or grouping. Searching for free movies is a pain sometims. Second, the number of movies and TV available to Amazon Prime seems low. I do have a Netflix account so it's not a huge problem.I also feel that AFTV is new and they will come out with a bigger and better version in three months...For $100 I think that it is worth the price.
I've been using Amazon FireTV regularly and found it easy to use and voice function is great when looking for different things that you have seen.  Would be nice to have more variety eg. showtime, starz, HBO.
I've been using the Fire TV for a few weeks now; previously, I've used my Sony Blu-ray player to stream Netflix or Amazon Prime material. The Fire TV works excellently for this purpose, easily 1/5 th the time to start Netflix and begin streaming, even quicker with Prime. The picture is outstanding, never any buffer issues, and the sound is without flaw. My only complaint, at first, was that it did not natively support DLNA; however, that was addressed within a couple days of receipt in the form of an app that will access my network server with my music library. Problem solved!That said, there are a couple of minor issues that could be worked out, and most likely will; it looks like Amazon has a good team focusing on this product.One thing I noticed, of course, is that you can not manually shut it off; it will turn off by itself in 30m of no activity, which is great. However, if you leave a show PAUSED, it will not shut off. I'm sure it doesn't use much power, but I like to make sure TV/receiver/etc are all shut down at end of day. Just something to keep in mind if you don't like to leave things on when you're not using them, don't leave a show paused. Perhaps they will set a 30m timer on pause as well, easy fix. Pretty sure you can resume watching just about anything from where you left off, so having the pause keep the player on doesn't make too much sense.The other issue I've encountered is using the Fire TV in tandem with the Fire HDX. Using Prime video service back and forth from tablet to Fire TV is flawless, and Second Screen works well on the tablet when you have your movie/show up on the TV. However, display mirroring is inconsistent at best from tablet to TV. Most of the time, it will try to connect, but not succeed. I've found by restarting the tablet, you will get it to work for a while, or for that session. Almost guaranteed, you will have to restart next time you try it again. Not sure if that is an issue with the HDX or the Fire TV, but irritating nonetheless.One thing I would like to see for the HDX is full remote function of the Fire TV. I would love to take my tablet and browse through the Fire TV menu of apps/show on the tablet without interrupting the show in progress on TV. It would also be a great feature to allow the tablet to browse through the menu on TV, just like the remote control, or even be used as a game controller. With all items in the same ecosystem, it would seem to be a win-win for all, I would think.Overall, the device streams cleanly, quickly, and without issues. Set up is simple, less than 5 minutes. Perfect for Prime members, also solid for Netflix and DLNA networked servers. Wouldn't hesitate to buy it again.
I've had a few internet interruptions just in the past few days but I don't know if it's the Fire or my internet connection.  Otherwise, I am enjoying this purchase and I was able to connect this and set it up all by myself.  I'm NOT good at that sort of thing, so yeah - this is easy to get up and working.
I've had my Fire TV about a month now land have used it almost daily, it's my main media device now.  I don't have cable and watch all my TV/movies over streaming devices.  This replaced a Roku 2.Overall this is a very good media device.  I had some issues with setup (Netflix wouldn't log in, video settings were messed up, Plex didn't work) but got them worked out in a couple days.  Moving from a Roku it took me a little while to get used to the interface, but it's pretty intuitive once you use it for a while.  The Fire TV is FAST, especially compared to my Roku 2.  It seems to multitask much the way an iPad does where it puts the application on hold, I noticed if I left a game and went back in a few minutes later it started instantly and in the same spot I left, rather than relaunching the app.  Streaming media loads quickly, it seems that some of the Amazon content may actually pre-load when you're viewing the details as many of the videos started playing instantly when I selected them, very nice.  The voice search feature is nice but only works with Amazon content, I did speak with Amazon and other providers are working now to integrate the voice search.It's worth noting that the navigation screen is (expectedly) very geared towards Amazon VOD content.  The TV and movies on the main screens are all Amazon content, you have to go into the others apps (Netflix, Hulu+) to see they're offerings.  On the Roku it would show on the sidebarThe games on the Fire TV are pretty impressive as well.  I've played quite a bit of Asphalt 8 and Dead Trigger 2 and they play just like on a console.  Graphics are very good, maybe not XB1 or PS4 good, but for a $99 media streamer they're pretty darn impressive.  I purchased the game controller as well and it works great.  I heard there were some issues with lag when playing games on the Fire TV but I have not had any issues there.The one major issue I see with the Fire TV is it's lack of memory.  In order to play various games on the device I have to uninstall and reinstall them as there's not enough room on the device to hold more than a couple games, especially the graphics intensive games like Asphalt 8.  I spoke with Amazon support and was told by the tech that he hopes they will add support for external storage in the future, there is a USB port on the device, but that had not been announced yet.  The ability to add more storage would be a huge improvement IMO.  A more minor issue is that the Amazon content is not filtered to show only Prime content so several of the movies/shows you want to play may require you to purchase them, I would really like the ability to filter and show only Prime content on the device.The Fire TV is a big improvement for me over the Roku 2.  It's fast, it has the content/apps that I watch and the gaming experience is pretty impressive for a device at this price point.  Some tweaks/upgrades to storage and voice search could make this even better but if you're looking for a streaming device I would recommend the Fire TV.
I've had the Amazon Fire TV for a few weeks now, and I am VERY happy with it's performance.I watch a few movies through the Amazon Prime service, but more than anything else, I watch a TON of movies from my own collection.I downloaded the PLEX Media server (free) for my PC that stores all may DVD and Blu Ray rips.I installed the PLEX App for the Amazon Fire TV ($0.99)All my movies are displayed with the movie posters in the main interface. Upon selection the graphic is enlarged and the movie synopsis and actor/director info is displayed. From their I can enable subtitles, change language track, and play the movie.I would have given 5 stars had browsing the Amazon Prime library been easier.
I very much like the ease of use and the speed; especially compared to my previous tool (Samsung Blu-ray for Netflix and wii for Prime).  There is no comparison with the speed, reliability, and simplicity being great.  The quality of the picture is good.Thanks to comments posted in reply to my review, I now know that the Fire TV turns off after 15-30 minutes of non-use.  I was disenchanted until I saw the comments because I could not, after searching Amazon etc., find a way to turn off the device.  There is also eventual mention, about Fire Tv turning off and doing updates in the background, in the help video on basic (very basic).  Before the helpful posts, I had unplugged Fire TV to turn it off.
I was able to obtain this device on a 30 day trial.  At the writing of this I am about a week into the trial.  So far I like it.  It came already attached to my trial of Prime.  Not sure if the entire package is worth $200, but I am enjoying the trials.The device is easy to hook up.  I ended up connecting mine through the 2nd hdmi input on my blu ray player and it seems to work fine with this configuration.  The only other hook ups are power and an ethernet connection.Device streams very well.  Voice search works well.  The menu is intuitive.  I was able to connect my Hulu Plus and Netflix accounts to the device and they work fine.  I like the blue tooth remote as I was able to install the device in a room behind my tv and the remote works flawlessly.The only problem I have had is on a few occasions I have had to un-plug and re-connect the hdmi cable as I get flashing video and sometimes static.  I have tried 2 different hdmi cables in 2 different inputs on the blue ray player.  Fairly sure the device has a slight bug in regards to the video output.I'm hoping in the future this device will output true 5.1 and 7.1 surround sound.  Right now it seems to be only 2.1 at best.
I was using a wii for all my netflix adventures but never played the damn thing.  Once I bought this it cleared up space and it's aesthetically pleasing.  I love the design but the one thing I hate is that you can't turn this thing off!  It just automatically sleeps after 30 minutes or so.  What I like about my tv remote is that it gives me power.  It gives me power to turn it on and turn it off, and nobody questions that decision to turn on or off.  The amazon tv doesn't give you that power of authority and control.  The amazon tv is like your friend who says he's 15 minutes away but actually 30.  Aint nobody got time for that!  Aside from that I love it.
I will start off that I have only had this for about a week. Here are my notes:Pros:Great picture qualityEasy setupEasy to maneuver through the menusThe voice command works perfectlyNice design of the remote and Fire TVCons:I really only have one. The games are very difficult to play with the remote. I will have to splurge and get the game controller.Overall I like it and for the most part its everything I would expect from Amazon.
I wish I can just load any Android app without using workaround... you can install apps via ADB but it's cumbersone and many apps do not work well in landscape...
I would have to say the esthetics are first rate. The speed is incomparable. I like the way that you are given &#34;other ways to watch&#34; if and when available is very cool. The voice search works really well, even letting you ask for other channel apps like Netflix and Hulu Plus. I have all the same choices in terms of prime versus shows that I want to pay a fee to enjoy. I have only 2 real disappointments, 1) the inability to access hbo go and 2) the way they lumped my video library all together with no separation between TV and Movies.Otherwise I really like it.
I would of gave it a 5, but it doesn't offer the ability for me to access by Amazon music. I don't like Pandora or I Heart radio.Amazon needs to let you be able to get to  your Amazon Mp3 music.When they make this change I will give it a 5.The video streaming works great. No waiting time for things to Buffer with a good internet connection.
Let me start by saying that before I purchased this item I was kinda hesitant, because of the fact that I LOVE apple products!! Hence I have two apple TV boxes in my house... However I bought this, Amazon Fire TV because I signed up for Amazon Prime... If I choose I can still rent movies the same way that I do on iTunes... I would say that if you are an Amazon Prime member you SHOULD get this!!! You can stream everything onto your TV!! Plus anything &#34;app&#34; that you want such as Netflix is available!!I especially LOVE the Voice Search Feature!! Which is one thing that the Apple TV does NOT have!! ( I hate going through the letters via remote to search for something, it takes forever!!)
Like it so far but only been using Fire TV for 3 days. controller is nice and simple, comfortable in hand. Voice search works amazing well. Will be nice when they include Netflix in the results. So far plenty of programs/movies to watch. Need to add Vudu service as that is were all my movies are currently stored. They have Flixster but it isn't as good.
Like the non-buffering of videos... just wish Prime had more choices.  Like the Fire TV unit however.  Would recommend to others.
Limited use so far but like the simple and easy-to-use functionality Like the help tools and number of available apps.
Looking to save some money I dumped my cable and am planning to use over-the-air channels and Fire TV to watch movies and recorded shows. Only complaint I have so far is every show I watch seems to freeze video with audio still going. Not sure if this is a internet issue or something with the box. Would like to hardwire it and see if that fixes it.
Looks cool and sophisticated.  Voice command is cool. Wish it had the ear bud like the Roku3 has. Works great.
Loved the ease of programming my new Fire TV but noticed inconsistencies within apps. It's not compatible with cable so I have to unlock one and 're-hook the other and that's a hassle. Overall it's an improvement over the usual garbage other companies content. I figure it can only improve.
Love it. It is quick to load streams anything quickly. Only wish it had HBO GO but I'm sure that is coming soon.
Love itthe quad core proc is fast, easy setup, plenty featuresone minus, I wish you could set the device to search only on prime enable movies, my kids do not know the difference between prime and else. this is a feature that would make a world of difference.you can load Plex which is very cool
Love it. Would give 5 stars if it could pull in local channels and eliminate cable/sat TV altogether.  At least work an on demand deal with the major networks..
Love my fire tv, fantastic product, very easy to use and love the mirroring capabilities with my kindle hdx! Also love the wide range of apps you can download as well!!
Love my Fire TV. Only a couple things I don't like... You have to use hdmi. My projector has VGA, RCA and S video input jacks.. You CAN NOT use a adapter to to convert from hdmi to  anything else.Another downside is the voice search. It is strictly for amazon. If you are watching Netflix, YouTube or any other, and you use the voice search, it takes you back to amazon.Don't let these &#34;cons&#34; discourage you!!! If you are using an HDMI capable tv, you are going to love fire tv. For such a tiny box, it does big things!!!
Love the amazon fire tv, but it needs more apps. Right now I'm using the roku 3 because of the many choices it  has. When fire tv get's some more choices(apps) then I'll start to use it... Let's go amazon get some apps
Love the HD audio & video quality, the simple design of the set up and main page and the jitter-less streaming of the content.I do have a problem with Amazon's advertisement of 40,000+ free movies and TV for Prime member's, I really doubt there are that many choices that are &#34;free&#34;, most better movies have to be purchased which is all too easy seeing the fee is tied into your Prime account, some what disappointed about being mis-lead.
Love this amazon fire, kids love the games. Loads super fast. Wish it focused more on Amazon prime. Very nice menu.
Missed the out of box experience without an HDMI cable. Looking forward to more apps soon. How about Amazon Music?
My family really enjoy the documentaries that we are able to view. The only downside would be the lack of classic tv shows. Most of the shows that are offered are today's shows, in which most of them are garbage.
My IPhone does not understand me but Fire TV does. Easiest install ever too. It came preloaded with all my info, so I did not have to sown time trying to register it and loading info. It took me 5 min to plug in 3 cords.
My learning curve with the Fire TV has been slow.i would like some brief reviews with ideas of how to use it.Where i do use it, the quality of use and picture is excellent.
My mom wanted to get rid of her local cable TV service and the combination of Amazon TV + Kindle Fire HDX is a solid combination that affords her superior service at a lower monthly cost. The one things that I was concerned about turned out to be a complete &#34;non-issue&#34;: TRAINING.My mom is close to 70 years of age (don't tell her I mentioned her age) and it's always difficult to introduce new technologies and new methods of doing learned things for the elderly. (e.g. my mom was still running Windows Vista on a 12 year old PC and has never had a smart phone).To my surprise, she gravitated towards the Kindle like a moth to light and Amazon Fire TV is so user friendly, &#34;it just made sense to her.&#34;Well done product development team. While I have a laundry list of featureset enhancements to recommend, for a version 1 product, you knocked it out of the park. Well done.
Needs some work but I'm sure you will get it fixed up betterBigger iconsAlpha selectless sensitive control
Needs to extend voice search to other areas.  Like Plex, Netlfix, etcOtherwise the best device and I've owned most of them.  Beats Roku, Apple TV, Logitech Revue,.....
nice to get a streaming product finally, only complaint is I have had to reboot it a couple times as it seems to lose either signal from my wifi or on amazons end
Not as many channels as Roku or it would get 5 star...  However, it looks like the channels and integration with KidsFreeTime is coming.  Great addition to my Prime membership and should be better by end of year.  Also - I gave the rental setbox back to the cable company a while back so this fits right into my house.
Not being a fan of cable, this is a great alternative.  Since I like the shows and don't necessarily need to confer with friends on my opinion of what happened on a given episode it works well for me and the kids love all the movies and TV shows so win-win overall.  For the price, I think this is a great addition.
not enough apps  what is the holdup?  live stream  a favorite  of mine on roku  thanks  andya little larger remote would be good also  easy  to handle if bigger  for senior citizens
Not so easy to get other TV stations.  It would be easier if there was a drop down menu to select other stations or pay TV web sites.  Typing it in is cumbersome if you want many different channels.  That being said, I am spending much less than the cable neighbors and getting much better quality.  Having less commercials is worth the price.  I haven't figured out yet if I can Tvio yet, but I am very happy to have the Fire TV.  The future of cable networks and constant price hikes are over.  No more monopoly on TV!
Now that I am able to access Netflix as well as Amazon Prime Instant, I enjoy using it,  It is convenient to be able to use something other than my laptop to access my streaming accounts.
O.k.,I have re-written my review.We had fast shipping with great package protection.The device was easy to install with ONE exception.FOR THOSE WHO HAVE SPECIAL TV's...you will most likely need additional plugs or chords.We have a"SHARP" Auquo's Quatron HD TV & with the Amazon Fire TV && the Apple streaming device,we needed to buy an additional audible chord  in order to get audio from our particular TV.We were able to get the screen images but no sound so the HDMI cable wasn't enough alone to get the full quality of either of these devices.We(so far)are loving our Amazon Fire TV streaming device.It's great that you can load some(SOME)of your games from your app store to play & get all your movies & personal photo's.Amazon is supposedly working on making this device capable of getting your MP3's too bought through Amazon which will be awesome once they get around to doing that.The games(depending on how intricate they are)can take a good while to down load,so if you're not interested in playing a certain game right away,I would down load in advance.It's a fun additional little gadget to have to play around with when there's nothing on Cable:)
Once they fully integrate Netflix in the voice search, and add MLB.TV and Vudu - THEN it will be perfect!  I love the instant start feature of Amazon Instant Video
One big gripe. As far as I can tell, there's no way to limit the list of movies and tv shows to what is available for Amazon Prime members. This makes it very inconvenient to find things that are free to watch.Voice recognition is not a helpful feature if it does not list prime member free acces showsThere are some categories that are limited to Prime (Most Popular on Prime, For Kids on Prime) I want to be able to just see what's available for Prime or at least be able to see by category what's available for Prime. I'm sure this isn't an oversight. I suspect Amazon wants to force us to look at everything and be tempted to buy/rent things but if they really want to compete with Netflix, they'll understand that we pay for our Prime membership to be able to watch free movies conveniently. Also need to be able to find a link and access to the online manual much more easily.A workaround is to do your searching on the web and then search specifically on the device. Even with these drawbacks I am satisfied with the product and do recommend it
Only gripe is that it doesn't support HBO go,  yet? Hopefully? Please Amazon,  make this happen. Gaming is okay for the casual gamer.  Not alot of storage,  so you'll have to store in the cloud.  Hopefully the USB functionality will extend to thumb drives.
Only had it for a couple weeks but very impressed so far. The design and function of the remote was more than expected. Very easy to get up and running. Much better than the internet enabled blue-ray player I purchased last year.
Our quest was to get rid of our $130 cable bill and this is definitely going to help. Have had this unit now for a little over two weeks and it is very nice. Our first foray into this type of thing and I think we made the right choice. While there aren't a lot of channels or apps to choose from right now I'm sure that this will be quick to change.Unit installed very quickly and easily. No setup, quick learning curve. The voice search works great.
Overall great box for streaming content. It has the right hardware (hdmi, opt out, Ethernet port). Interface is good, but not great and eerily close to the xbox interface. Remote is good and the Bluetooth part is a must vs IR. The processor speed is also really good. Missing XBMC and an iPad app remote solution to control the box, which would complete it. Plex is good, but you need a remote plex server, which is a pain.Again, great first cut, but it needs a few adds, which I'm sure Amazon is considering.
Overall I am very happy with the Fire TV.  Very snappy interface, easy to use and setup and works beautifully with Amazon Prime.Only wish I have is that it had more memory.  It quickly ran out with a handful of apps.
Overall I'm enjoying watching Amazon Prime Shows, Netflix, HULU on the television rather than my computer. VEVO takes to long to buff the videos.
Overall I'm happy with my Fire TV. It's used more than my Xbox 360 and Blu-ray player now. Easy to setup. Quick to start up. Voice search works well. I only have two knocks against it:1. Voice search doesn't work everywhere, specifically Netflix. It's not a huge deal, but it's still annoying.2. It crashes every now and then. I'll be searching for something to watch and suddenly get a blue screen. After a few seconds it reboots and I'm good, but it's crashing more than I would expect. Around once a week or so.Other than those things I really like the Fire TV and would definitely recommend getting one if you're thinking about it.
People may think I am stupid, but to each his own... I don't watch t.v. , however I am a video game tester and electronics junkie ! I own almost every cool piece of gaming tech out there from a to z .... The fire t.v. plays most games very well , the GPU which is in the fire TV is the adreno 320, it runs most modern apps and games fluently but struggles on higher demanding titles like dead trigger 2. The fire TV does not have allot of games as of now, but the list grows every week or so. The amazon controller is okay but not worth the money , i use the moga power pro. The bottom line is ,  It's all about what you like. TV junkies will like this device and all the content it has to offer, I like playing Modern Combat 4 on my 40 inch Samsung and like that I can stick the fire TV in my pocket if i travel .... what do you like ?
Pretty good. Great picture and sound. Amazon prime could use more free movies though. Overall, this is an excellent product. I would buy another.
Pro'sThe UI is blazing fastStreaming from online services is great, Netflix, Hulu, Amazon Prime, etc.ConsMy biggest concern is it cannot connect to my local NAS drive to play my own media. If it could do that it would be the best product on the market.
PRO The voice search really works and is really FAST the Fire TV is great it very responsive device. set up was easy. So if you have amazon prime content than this the box for you. It's also has the main apps that I use Netflix hulu plus and amazon. The plex app does work great on it. I put my music and video and it's played all of it. so far it has more potential than the Roku3 which I also have, its faster than it hands down.  so I am very happy with it. it also plays gamesCON The voice search is setup for amazon and at this time and the USB is not able to use yet. as I said I use plex. the box is still young. it also doesn't have as many apps like the roku3.It still need vudu app because I have content on vudu.I would recommend to others.
Quality:-Audio: 10-Video: 10Excellent and snappy interface.Lots of options and channels to choose from, both free and premium.Voice search is fantastic to quickly search the Amazon servers for content. (It would be nice to open up the voice search to the rest of the apps, or at least as a keyboard replacement when you have to log into your apps)I would give this product 5 stars except for 1 thing.A deal HAS to be made with Google so you can use the Play store or at least carry purchases over from the Play store.I have had to re-purchase several apps that I have already purchased from either Google or direct from the developer.For instance I have a Plex-Pass subscription. with that I am supposed to have access to all of the apps to connect to my plex server. However, I had to re-purchase the app on the FireTV.
Quick and easy setup.  Connected with no problem to local wifi source in home (30 mbps Brighthouse).  Voice lookup was very helpful.  Selected Avengers from my watchlist and played back flawlessly on my HD tv.  Looking forward to using this for gaming.  Controller due to arrive today.  Granddaughter will love to play Minecraft on it.  Would have been 5 stars if it came with access to other popular content.
Received my Amazon Fire TV 2 weeks ago. It works good very responsive with quad core but the interface seems  very limited on apps the main ones are there Amazon of course, Net Flix, and a must have PLEX. but missing a lot of others, Still like ROKU 3 as a main streaming unit a little slower but chucked full of apps. Amazon needs to get with it if they are going to lead the pack here. also the speech search is not useable with Net Flix or any of the other apps only works with amazon. this is definitely loaded heavy on the amazon side, It makes no sense to have a great feature that cant work with the whole package.I would recommend to others but tell them of the draw backs so they know what they are getting in to here.Great product but needs some one  to help it along.
Seriously, getting the plug behind everything with the cabinet in front of the outlet was the hardest part of the set up process.  I know I am not using all the features available with Amazon Fire TV, but that's ok, I just like having my Amazon watch list on the television with the press of a button (or a voice command if that's what you prefer).  One thing I noticed was the watch with Amazon prime option is not always on the main screen when a program is selected, and at first I had a little trouble finding it, until I selected 'other ways to watch' then I found the watch with Amazon Prime option.  I like the screen saver option too, wow what beautiful scenery.  I sort of wish I could set the screensaver to play longer than it does before shut down, and it would be nice if relaxing music  would play along with the screensaver too.  I do plan on signing up for Netflix at a later time, and I like that I will be able to get to my account through Amazon Fire TV.  Many other features that I have not used yet, so check it out for yourself!
Setup consisted of opening the box and plugging it in. It already had my Prime username and password associated and I didn't have to set anything up. This alone was worth it...The Amazon fire is fast and provides excellent video and audio quality vs the long buffer my Rokus have. The Fire seems to buffer before the movie runs and you are looking at HD quality video immediately.My only issue and the reason for the minus one star is that it does not have HBO-Go. Hopefully in the near future Amazon will see the error in their ways and make a deal with HBO.
Setup is super easy! The toughest part was trying to get the batteries in the remote.  It is very streamline and the diagrams don't give a hint it is the bottom back piece that will reveal the battery slots. The Amazon Fire TV box is an attractive space saver; very streamline.  Don't forget to buy the HDMI cable.Not intuitive to find &#34;unlimited access to over 40,000 Prime Instant Videos on your HDTV&#34;. It took a while to figure out where all the free viewing is located.  The fastest I've found so far is to voice &#34;Amazon Prime&#34;. Love listening to Pandora! Audio is clear and crisp.I'm not an expert, but these are some of things I learned.  There's still a BUNCH I don't have a clue about yet.  But I'll figure it out.  Help is very basic which leaves trial and error learning. I still haven't discovered what &#34;Amazon badge&#34; looks like.  According to 'Help' it denotes a free Amazon show.I'm not a fan of paying for a manual that should come with the product. Amazon lists books you can buy to learn more tips. There are lots of them from which to choose.I recommend Amazon Fire TV!  Very happy to watch shows like &#34;Andy Griffith&#34; and &#34;Grimm&#34; without commercials!  Lots of variety included with my Amazon Prime membership.
Set up took longer than I expected because it took me a while to figure out that the batteries for the remote that came with the unit were dead.  Note to self:  This thing is completely worthless without the remote, so I probably should order a back up.  I also was disappointed to find out that there seems to be no way to run this thru my (admittedly older) A/V receiver so that I can take advantage of my full sound system rather than just the TV's sound.  I also think it's misleading to advertise this item at less than $100 when it obviously requires an HDMI cable to operate.Having said those grumbles, it is easy to use and has a good selection.  I will join the chorus of others who want a way to search just Amazon Prime offerings and an easier way to block my kids from ordering without my permission.  I should be able to set that from the unit itself.
Set up was simple and the unit worked very well.  Video and audio were excellent.  The only reason I didn't give the Fire TV 5-stars is because the remote is not backlit.  I like to watch movies with the room lights off, and without backlit keys the remote was a little hard to use.
Simple set up and first operation.intuitive controls.Good selection of Amazon Prime movies and Netflix series.Would be nice if it would link to HBO 2 GO
Since we've been Amazon Prime members for quite a while, I jumped on &#34;Fire TV&#34; and I'm not dissapointed.  It impressed right away with it's slick packaging design and compact size.  It's similar in this respect to the Apple products that I've owned.  Very easy to set up and the remote (with it's speech recognition) is the best I've seen.I had purchased an Roku streamer last month and returned it within a couple of days.  I had trouble with the audio and their customer support couldn't resolve the issue.  At a similar price point, the &#34;Fire TV&#34; us a much better choice.  My only reservation is that it doesn't inlcude an app for &#34;Vudu&#34;, which I have on another device.  Perhaps this will be added in a future upgrade.
Sleek design, super fast, and love the plex application.Needs a similar option like apple's airplay for streaming non amazon sanctioned content.
Small and simple to setup and use. If voice worked with all applications I would give it a fifth star.
So far I like the Amazon Fire TV. I am still exploring it. I guess my only complaint would be that some of the apps have way too many commercials for only marginal content. But I'm pleased with the Amazon content, and many of the other less commercialized apps.
So far so good.  It's better than $125 a month.  However I would like to be able to see newer episodes.  Hulu has some but not all.  I think if I was able to download networks apps like USA or FX that would be great.  And even with the prime membership shows and movies cost money, perhaps Amazon could give out free credits with the membership.  Overall I am satisfied just miss some shows.
So far the box has been great.  Setup was super easy, plug and play.  I used a hard wired internet connection so I can't speak to wireless set up.  But it took like 3 minutes from box to ready to go.The voice recognition was spot on for the videos we searched for.  My only complaint was that I set up a parental pin to keep my kids from being able to buy things, so you have to enter the pin for every episode.  For example, my kids wanted to watch Spongebob, I had to enter the pin for every episode and I didn't see an option to play the series or multiple episodes or anything.  I was also a little confused in that the search shows prices for each episode, I'm a prime subscriber so I would have appreciated it if there was something noting that my account would not be charged.  The fact that I entered my pin made me even more worried.  It's been about a week and I haven't been charged for the shows they watched so I guess they must have been included in my prime membership.I would also like to see HBO go included, just about every other box out there has it, so I don't know why amazon wouldn't.Playback was flawless and fast.  We really liked it.I did 4 stars just because of the lack of HBO, the confusion in what was videos from the search were included in my prime membership, and having to enter my pin for every episode of the series.Even so, I'm very happy with the purchase.
So, I&#8217;ve decided to keep the FireTV.  Though I&#8217;m not in love with it, I do feel it adds value to my entertainment system.  I had a chance to play a few games last night, I got hooked on this stupid Stickman Downhill Motocross game.  The  gaming ability is why I bought it, and it is exactly why I found the FireTV unique.  I'm not a hardcore gamer.  I want to play a mindless game for 5 to 10 minutes, then move on.  This fits that bill.I find that it is the easiest way to watch Amazon Prime content to date.  What I had been doing is launching videos on my iPad, then sending them to Apple TV through AirPlay.  I have a Blu-Ray player that has the Amazon Prime app, as does my PS3, but I found the iPad AirPlay combo to be the easiest until now.  I&#8217;m still struggling with the idea that I&#8217;ll need to use a second remote, solely for the FireTV.  The thought of that is still a bit painful since I&#8217;m meticulous about my Harmony remote programming and the ease of having just a single remote.  It may singlehandedly be the biggest obstacle I&#8217;ll need to overcome in my adjustment.  I actually think the Bluetooth remote is the worse decision made by Amazon for the FireTV, more so than the 8GB disk limitation that I believe could be overcome with the USB port, although not ideal.  Sony made the same mistake with the PS3, and I believe the Bluetooth remote was partly to blame for it not gaining more traction as an entertainment hub for non-gamers.I still haven&#8217;t figured out how to actually turn the unit off, but I&#8217;ll Google it later today.  That little white LED on 24x7 will drive me mad.  The FireTV took the last of the 7 HDMI ports on my receiver, but when I get my next gadget, I don&#8217;t think it will be the first to go.
So I am the owner also of a chromecast. I purchased this when it released ASAP, being an amazon prime member, streaming media and game play were the plusses before buying.Pros:Build: very nicely built.. Slick gadget in a good weighted small box. Remote is sleek and beautiful, great hand hold, great buttons,..intuitive interface for anyone. Just plug in and go.Media: ability to stream right from your tablet off YouTube. Opens an even more arry of goodies.Apps: The ability to run apps and games (some) and optionally available game pad.Smooth: loads considerably faster than chromecast, no skipping and very little delay if at all.Cons: - tends to get hot sometimes, which possibly leads to occasionally freezing. Have had to reset a couple times.Mic: mic control is great, however, it's limited to the amazon collection only. Will not search YouTube etc.Amazon membership: being a prime member I would have expected more prime movies and tv but it's very limited. All the &#34;good&#34; stuff is purchase only.. Would love to see a broader collection.. Perhaps make just new releases purchasable.Games/apps: At this time there are only a very small handful of games and apps this can run, so don't expect to be looking through your whole android app gallery. The games so far aren't all that appealing yet. Looking forward to more.All in all a great buy. Maybe more expensive then you'de like but has other options for membership like hulu for example. It would be really well worth it with a broader prime choice.
So I have a Roku 3 and now the Amazon Fire TV.  I like the interfaces for the Fire TV better than the Roku, but it is lacking on the application side still.  I believe that will not be the case forever.  It has the core group to make the experience entertaining.  The remote does not have a headphone jack like the Roku does.  The games are entertaining for the kids.
Sorry Roku, I've been waiting for you to up your game for years and the roku 3 was not at all an upgrade.  The Amazon Fire is miles better and faster.  One star off because I have noticed some of the smooth menuing system has gotten a little jittery in the month since I bought it.
The ability to use voice commands is ingenious!  Very simple to use remote is very intuitive.  If it had a DVD player it would be perfect.
The Amazon Fire TV performs as advertised and we are enjoying having it on one of our TV's.  We wish the load speed was a little faster but this is a minor problem.  We feel that we have gotten our money's worth from this product.
The Amazon fire TV replaced a Roku 2 XS. I got tired of the slow response and random reboots from my Roku.  The Amazon Fire is much faster and much more responsive.  However, I am a little irritated that it doesn't have the newest Netflix app.  This is fairly common however.  I also wish Amazon would add a &#34;continue to next episode&#34; feature like Netflix.
The Amazon Fire was purchased to replace a lightning damaged Roku. I own a Apple TV streamer as well but it will not play Amazon Prime movies.The Pros:It worked out of the box and as a Amazon Prime subscriber it came with my ID information programed. It was a simple HDMI cable to the TV and plug into a wall outlet. After a few moments of software updating and watching an instructional video (could have bypassed) it was ready to go. No need to enter codes on a PC to activate my account like was necessary for both the Apple an Roku boxes.The menus were snappy and the voice search worked better than expected. The Fire has all the other major movie and video services seen on the Apple and Roku with the exception of HBOgo that many have voiced complaints.The Cons:The Fire looked good until I tried to play an actual movie. I first tried Netflix. The menu came up quickly and after hitting the play button it looked like it was going to play.  However after several moments I get an error message. The gist of the message was an inability to handle HDCP, High-bandwidth Digital Content Protection. Switched to the Amazon account and get the same error message. Tried playing the same movie on the Apple TV and it worked fine. I then swapped cables and HDMI inputs on the the TV with no result. The Fire would not play movies from Netflix or Amazon.(Perhaps I should have prefaced this review with the fact that I am a retired computer engineer and understand the technical aspects of cable losses due to frequency, capacitance and shielding better than most.)  After a little reading and thought I placed the Fire on a much shorter HDMI cable (3 foot) next to the TV as a test. It worked fine. I questioned why both the Apple TV and Roku TV streamers had no problems with my cabling configuration. The answer is in the cables or more specific in the HDMI standards. The Apple TV and the Roku both use HDMI 1.3 while the Fire uses HDMI standard 1.4. Several important and technical differences but suffice it to say that you should use cables supporting the HDMI 1.4 standard for lengths exceeding 15 feet. This requirement will become more important in the future with 4K videos and increased use of 3D content.My second con will not affect many but is of concern if viewing podcast videos is a part of your streaming needs. The only provider (to date) is Revision3. There are many more offering content appealing to a broad cross section of interest. Both the Roku and Apple boxes had the full complement of channels but in my option the Apple TV has a better menu system to access podcast channels.Some love the menu layout. I view it somewhat cumbersome compared to the Apple. The menu format used on the Fire is very much like that of the Roku which I also found less than sterling.Other thoughts. If into games then the Fire will beat both the Apple and Roku. I'm not a gamer but quickly recognized that the Fire will not replace full TV gaming systems like the Xbox which cost hundreds more. The voice search is nice but be aware that the searches are only on Amazon content. That makes sense because I doubt that Netflix, and others, will give Amazon free access to their database.Each of these streamers have their uniqueness in strengths and weaknesses. This could be your box but be aware of the need for HDMI 1.4 cables. If within 15 feet or so then the cheaper cables will do the job. Try stretching to 25 feet, as in my case, and problems will arise using HDMI 1.3 and older cables. Most folks will be within 15 feet so it should not be a problem.If watching podcast videos are a need then this box will not fill your bill. Perhaps in the future but currently there is little content in that area.My original rating of the Fire was 3 stars. I have upped that to 4 stars because I did not understand the need for HDMI 1.4 cabling at the lengths I required. However, Amazon would be wise to point out that need in the specs.
The apps need updating but other than that it's an awesome product! I also wish the voice search could apply to Netflix and Hulu plus!
The box is very easy to hookup and use is extremely easy.  It is great to be able to see the shows and movies from Amazon on the big screen!
The device is easy to setup, just connect all the necessaries connectors to it e.g. internet cable, HDMI cable, power supply and fit in the batteries to the remote control, and ON the power supply, switch your TV to the connection and there you are it display and give a demo on how to use the FireTV.
The ease of installationTo be able to watch on my big tvAble to watch netflix and my amazon prime
The Fire is great. It does everything the ad says. Easy set up. Thanks Amazon for  another great product. Great price too!!
The fire tv box is very quick, make a selection and it's loaded instantly, the picture and sound quality is excellent, and the voice search is the best I've ever used. Fire TV will need to add more content before it can challenge the Roku offering, and I would like to be able to pin and arrange my installed apps on the home screen. over all the Fire TV box is technically superior to it's competitors,but for now the limited channel and apps is it's only drawback. For it's quality and future potential I would recommend it
The Fire TV is a great product. As far as AFT vs Roku 3, they are in use fairly equal, though the voice search function does save time and hassle. Its use is limited, though they are planning to expand the voice functions which will make it an amazing feature. If you have a Roku and like it, then there's no point to switching. If you are new to streaming sets, then this is maybe the best option to get.There are a few quirks which I hope to see fixed:Even with the screen saver off, the screen with go black after 20 minutes while playing Pandora, and there is inconsistent response from the remote in waking it. When you press a button to wake the screen sometimes it will not also perform the action of the button pressed, but sometimes it will.While using the Hulu app, at random times the image will freeze but the audio and progress bar continue. It usually will unfreeze by skipping forward or backward and resuming. Though one time the video was frozen in spite of this and i had to leave the Hulu app and re-enter it.There is an undocumented item in the settings called &#34;Quiet Time&#34;. I have no idea what it does, nor have I been able to find anyone who knows what it is.I like how there are ratings from IMDb (an Amazon company) included with movies and TV shows (for content streamed from Amazon). It would be great though to also have movie genres listed, as well as the option to use Rotten Tomatoes or some other service for the ratings.
The Fire TV is almost perfect, except that it doesn't work with older, non 1080p TVs, and does not play well with sound bars hooked up via HDMI. Besides those two issues, the Fire TV works great. Hopefully the sound bar issue gets fixed because I do want to hook the device up via HDMI instead of having to hook up the Fire TV into my TV, and then have to separately hook up the Fire TV via optical cable.
The Fire TV is a very powerful, and yet extremely small device.  It has a dual band antenna which makes it very easy for me to ensure good QoS to it, and as such have never seen any problems with connectivity.  The remote is blutooth connected, which means it doesn't need to be pointed towards the TV at all (Which I'm still getting used to, but is very nice), and fits in your hand easily.There are a couple downsides for me though.  Firstly, short of physically unplugging it, you cannot control when it turn off. And second, some of the apps advertised on Amazon.com cost money just to download (Plex is the one I am thinking of at the moment).  There isn't an internet browser either, so if I want to access my own local media, I am forced to have to pay for it.
The FireTV is awesome, very easy to set up and quick to get started (after update)! It is super fast and is seamless in starting programs to watch. I would recommend this to anyone with a Prime membership, it is definetly a nice perk with thousands of titles to choose from. The only downfall is it is much easier to assemble your watch list by using a standard computer to search titles. Otherwise, great buy!
The Fire TV us the best unit I have used to date. If voice search would include apps like Plex, it would be a total 5 star rating.
The hardware works great, even the voice recognition.  It has yet to misunderstand me.  Apps that used voice search would be very good.  It needs VUDU really badly, in my opinion.  I am still considering the game controller, the games I see I can play on the kindle fire HDX so no reason for it...yet.  It is new so I have high hopes great apps will come.  All in all I gave it 4/5 stars because it is new and while the apps it has are for the most part good to great it needs more for me to give it 5/5.  That being said, I do love it and use it daily.  I may be swayed by the facts I have Netflix, Amazon Prime and Youtube + I cut the cable TV out of my life.
The jury is still out, we are waiting for an Amazon upgrade to fix the no sound out on some HD Movies over HDMI, otherwise the voice works great most of the time, we where among the first to get this device, we hope Amazon will write some software that goes beyond the basic, dry, testy Android Interface and Apps, it is not cool, when using Apps, a little testy!
The menu and remote are quite simple to use.  The installation, on my &#34;smart&#34; TV was basically plug in and play.This unit has resolved any issues and interruptions due to my WiFi signal.  The small size easily fits close to the TV.I know that I will enjoy the ease and convenience of the unit....a good purchase.
The menu isn't as friendly as I would like. It is hard to tell when you are just selecting something from prime or another subscription service but my hope is all of that will be resolved soon. Other than that I love it.
the only problem I've had with it is that Netflix doesn't always work and have to reconfigure it, but otherwise..its really beautiful picture and works wonderfully...
The only thing holding me back from rating this a 5 is the fact that it is extremely frustrating to find what you want to watch free in Prime. All titles are mixed in together. You might luck up and find something but you'll have to have the patience of a saint. I end up watching Hulu or Netflix so as not to pull my hair out in frustration. Overall, not bad though,that being said. Also you cant get Showtime unless you  are already a Showtime subscriber through your cable company, this is true for the Espn app too. I cannot wait for them to come up with an update that will eliminate free/rent merging together. Lastly, easy installation and selections load fast.
The only thing I don't like about it is you can't add apps to it. I haven't found a way to do it, and the support pages take one in circles. The voice search and purchasing videos works fine.
The picture quality is amazing!  Love the tiny remote and the voice search is really quite impeccable.I like that it has the basic apps needs like Hulu Plus and Netflix as well as the obvious Amazon Prime.  I am disappointed that it doesn't have HBO Go which I have on my Kindle as well as several other apps.  I am hopeful they will continue to add apps which will be used to a greater amount than some of the more obscure apps which are currently available.
The product has similar features to earlier smart tvs and BlueRays but does most of them using voice commands which have been very accurate. My only suggestion is to add an off switch as my old brain does not trust the unit to time out after I shut off the tv.
The product is easy to operate with a plug and play setup.  It arrived with my Amazon account preloaded.  I suggest using your laptop and going to the Amazon prime website for adding TV/movies to your watch list to save time.  The search feature could use some updating because it  was not finding everything I typed in that I know Amazon offers.
There are a few things that irritate me. One is that it is too easy to rent or purchase an item in error. That purchase is then not refundable. I would like to see a second screen that asks if you are sure you want to do this. The other is that the prime movies are too hard to find. Some 30,000 and where are they? I cannot afford to keep buying, especially stuff I didn't want. That is why I purchase prime.Don't get me wrong, I am a big fan of Kindle and Amazon. If these things are corrected I will be the first to write a glowing report!
There's certainly no 'wow' factor, but it's fast and works well. I've been using a Roku 2 for a few years now so this is a nice compliment.I have noticed some shuttering while watching Netflix. I think there's a great opportunity for Amazon to open this thing up for way more apps or even a protocol like DLNA.
The reviews were right it was easy to hook up. We did experience  a terrible time getting the remote to connect we even went as far as to buy new batteries when we finally got it to connect it was easy to learn how to use it. this is going to be so much fun and am sure ewe will enjoy . i would have given it 5 stars if not for the battery issue.
The selection of apps is pretty good and the screensaver for Pandora is unbelievably beautiful.  I haven't figured out how to access my Amazon music library in the cloud (I'm able to do it from my Kindle Fire HD).  I also haven't figured out how to turn the thing off gracefully.
The system comes in very nice packaging (is Amazon competing with Apple for fancy boxes?). It is very easy to set up. I was AMAZED that it already had my prime account set up in it. Only grumble was that it insisted on downloading new software as soon as I connected it. I would have like the option to do that later so I could play with it first.The user interface design is very good and the voice activation is easy to use and works well - even with my British accent.
The voice activation to search within Amazon movies and TV is great and fast.  I wish it would search my netflix movies also.  It is also much faster at launching movies and TV on prime.  Essentially it starts instantly.  It also has game capability that I don't have for my Apple TV.  My Apple TV is better for connecting with my iTunes music and my photos, but I like the Amazon Fire TV box better for viewing movies and TV.
They still have to do some tweaks in the interface- such as if one cant connect to the internet some of the instructions for troubleshooting are circular and sometimes do not allow you to get to the network settings. My first one failed with some HW issues (it forgot it had a wireless card) but I got a prompt replacement and now its working fine.
Things that I like:DesignSizeThinnessPerformanceEase of useDislikes :Lack of apps such as HBO Go
Think Amazon has taken cues from Apple for great packaging!Setup was EASYMicrophone works with Amazon but not sure it works within HULU or NetflixFigured out how to show subtitles!Looks to be well thot out!
This box offers more than any other box available at this time. I expect it to be upgraded soon.The voice control is great and works very well.
This could end up being a 5 star device once they take user feedback (a few GUI improvements and voice search into more apps) and have a few updates.  I've used pretty much every streaming device on the market, including building my own HTPC.  This is the quickest device I've used, with the only drawback being it only has a 5gb hard drive.  This isn't an issue until you start downloading large games.  When you fill the hard drive the performance takes a hit and it may lag.  As soon as you have the ability to save the game to an external hard drive, this device will get 5 stars.
This device is easy to use and functions as stated. Channels are limited but I'm sure that Amazon is in the process of adding more channels. High priority for me is PBS.
This device is pretty impressive in its responsiveness and what it offers.  The only negative thing for me is in order to watch movies off my Synology NAS I had to install Plex Player and install Plex Server on my NAS.  Even after that it still does not play them.  Most of the competition like WD Media Player or Iomega Media Player have a built in Player that will let you go to your media servers and play movies.  This one does not and its a big limitation.  Plex does not really play well with this device.  Now if you are getting it for watching Netflix, Amazon Prime and some of the built in features its an excellent device but if you are looking to stream across your network from your own movie collection this device falls a bit short.
This has worked out very well for us.  We have watched several movies already.  It is easy to use and I have also used the voice control with great success.
This is a awesome device but with one major issue.  If you do not have a receiver that supports Dolby Digital Plus you will have to settle for stereo sound.  I had a year old RCA and I replaced it with a new Onkyo TX-NR535.  It seems that DD+ is mostly out in the high end devices.
this is a good option for movie streaming. It has the app for Netflix and Hulu as well as a few others. It's not as good as Ruko for the &#34;extra&#34; channels so if you plan to cancel cable this may not be for you. It's very easy to set up and use. Love the voice search but wish there was a  better &#34; alphabetically search every movie we have &#34; option.
This is a good product.  The biggest drawback is also one of its best features; the remote.  I have gotten spoiled with my other devices that allow me to control them with my android devices when sharing the same network.Now everybody has to remember where they put the remote.  Unit is completely not usable without the remote.As soon as Amazon writes a simple app for the smartphone users this device will be almost perfect.
This is a great set top box. I am happy apple person but this is a great device good buy
This is a great streaming device. Amazon Fire TV is very easy to set up and is also user friendly. Be aware of the fact that not all apps are yet available for the device. HBO Go and a lot of other apps are able to be streamed on your Kindle but not to your Fire TV...I called customer service and they said that fire tv will have the ability to download more apps.
This is a great video, game, and app streamer! Much better than Apple TV (and I'm an Apple guy) because you can not only do all of the same things like stream video and use built in apps, but it basically turns your TV into a large tablet. You can slingshot video from your Kindle Fire HDX to your TV using this device and right back again when you're on the go. It also has a remote, but unlike the Apple TV, the remote has built in voice recognition AND the Amazon Fire TV has gaming controllers available as well! The only drawbacks I can see are two things, it's storage capacity, though it does allow you to save anything you've purchased or downloaded in a cloud format for later use when you want to open up space and has a record of the APPS purchased if you own a kindle to share them between, the other is that most of the games (take NBA 2K14 for example) suffer in graphics quality on your TV because they are APP grade quality and on a big screen you can definitely tell the difference between the console (PS3 or PS4, XBOX 360 or XBOX ONE) and APP versions. So those are the two reasons why I had to go with only 4 stars instead of the coveted 5. Maybe better game programming and patches can fix this later. Overall though it is the only streaming video device I will own. I have since sold my APPLE TV.
This is a great way to receive programing.  I love the voice control.  But it still needs to get use to my voice.  Sometimes you have to say it 3 times for it to bring up correct programming.  I do however wish there was a paper pamphlet to list all free movies and all free T.V. programs.  It would be perfect if you could get local programing and local news.  ABC, NBC and CBS.  They you could do away with Time Warner COMPLETELY.  Glad I bought it.
This is a much cheaper option than having cable. So far everything has been working great- adding hulu subscription is worth it to get more current tv shows. It is a little confusing as to what is included with your prime membership as far as shows and movies since some have a price on them per episode but they are really included. they should say free with prime if they don't cost extra. Happy overall so far with cutting out the cable bill!
This is an awesome device. Granted, it doesn't have a large list of current movies that I like, but it is more than just a movie player. Great job so far Amazon. Keep updating.
This is a pretty cool system. If you have this and netfix your covered pretty good. We cut our Dish TV back to a very low level now and some some money.
This is a quick unit. Faster than Apple TV OR Roku. Easy hookup. Works as expected.I would have given it a 5 but it is hard to know what content is included in the Prime account. You must press other options to see if you need to buy or it is free. I was somewhat displeased that no free Prime content was available until I stumbled upon this selection. Prime should be front and center or at least an option for search and display.
This is a solid piece of hardware.  Just wish it had more apps like VUDU and other choices.  Not quite there but could be a contender real soon if it adds more apps.
This is my first media box, not counting game consoles.  I've avoided the Apple TV because it didn't include Amazon Prime movies, which made me jump on the Fire TV when I learned about it.  The installation is seamless and my entire family loves how easy it is to operate.  I highly recommend this device for the ease of use.However, one gripe I have deals with the very accurate voice search.  When I want to search for a movie or show, I'd like to see all options available.  Sadly the search only goes through the top level and doesn't search within all available services.  So a free Netflix movie (with paid subscription) will not show up in the search results.  Thus the 4 star rating.
This is my first time at internet TV, and the Fire has proved easy to set up and to use.  I hope that in the future that they would expand to channels like &#34;The Blaze&#34;, VUDU, and ultraviolet.
This is one well package item excuse the punIt's does everything it says  the remote Fitz nice and comfortable into your hands.Only draw back mine did not come pre program that's the only reason it gets 4 stars
This is the best streamer that I have had so far. The machine is really snappy, and the content selection is good. Youtube, Hulu, Netflix are here and of course Amazon. There are a few critical apps missing: HBO Go and the sort (for most people, I don't have HBO and I don't care).Has decent wifi capability (I have a very noisy wifi neighbors and it still manages to stream from my old router).The hardware is very good for what you get, and is probably slightly subsidized by Amazon (meaning, the thing probably costs more than what it is sold for); Amazon probably makes up for it with increased content sales.App selection is still very poor, but I am confident that it will improve. Which leads to the real two problems that I have with the device:1. You cannot connect an external disk to this thing and play content from it.2. You cannot expand the storage. If you download a bunch of heavy games, you will max out the internal storage really fast. And then you have to &#34;manage&#34; the space of the thing. This is silly in an age where a SD flash card with 32GB of storage costs $12.Issue #2 may eventually be fixed. For issue #1 there is a possibility to stream content to the Fire TV, with either Plex or AllCast (which I have not tried yet). Plex is a hit or miss app, content does not always appear.
This is the first streaming system I have owned. It works, that's all that can be really said. It has Netflix, Hulu, Amazon Prime and other videos and movies you can purchase. The box and remote seem to be of great quality, very sturdy, sleek and modern design.
This is the only streaming box I own so I can't compare it to anything. What I can say is it's extremely fast and responsive. Having Plex is a must if you want to watch movies saved on your PC's hard drive. I also have the controller and it basically feels like the Xbox 360 controller. The games are fun for a casual gamer, but don't expect anything close to a PS or Xbox game. I gave it 4 stars since the apps selection is fairly thin and obviously no HBO GO (but what do you expect, it just launched a few weeks ago). Also, the voice commands are great, but it only works so far in the Amazon environment. Say if you have Netflix and you want to watch Breaking Bad. If you use the voice command, it will only show it on Amazon's VOD service and not Netflix as well. I'm sure I will eventually give it 5 stars when they start updating the software and app selection. Another bummer is the USB port has no function as of yet. Overall, I'm happy and think it's a great purchase.
This product has potential to be great. Right now the only complaint I have is that the purchase process does not work as it should. After buying packs for 'You Don't know Jack' it takes minutes to days to actually make those products available for play.
this streaming device does very well.  i love the quad core to help it jump through some processing faster than other products in this space.
This thing ROCKS!  Easy to install and use.  Love it!  Took longer to set up the netflix account than to install the box.
This was a great buy and purchase from amazon. I love the features and the benefits of being a prime member the only problem is theres not a lot of selections for movies, but great for games
This works well - pretty easy to use, very easy to set up.  My only disappointment is that I didn't realize that streaming videos would be so much more limited in availability.
Took five minutes to set up, voice search works great, great picture.  Amazon I am impressed. Hope you keep the prime content coming which makes Prime Membership a real value.
Took me no time at all to unpack and set this up. Whip!, zip! and snap! as they say on the box (They don't say that but it does sound better than what they do say)I had it all unpacked and ready to go in less time than you could imagine. Nevertheless it refused to communicate with my router no matter how hard I tried or how many different passwords I added that my router provided me with. I could connect no problem with the internet and my computer but not my router though my own home network. Problem was NOT with the Amazon Fire TV part it was my stinking hateful spiteful router. It torments me every time I add a new computer or device to the network. The guest connection sets right up no problem but the trouble with that is there is no way to enter an alpha numeric password from the home screen of the Fire TV. (There is but you have to think to locate it)I finally gave it up and went about my normal moronic ways of watching odds and bits of TV and in so doing discovered how to connect to You Tube through my computer using my guest wifi. Yay! Small victory and then off to bed.Maybe I was visited by the cyber fairies during the night or something but I finally discovered a way to defeat my router and connect directly to my home network on a more or less permanent basis.This was entirely the fault of the router and nothing to do with Amazon's product. That router has vexed me for years now and every time I buy another new router I always somehow end up with the same set of problems so it's the brand of router.. It shall remain nameless.But now that all is well and it only took a few minutes and the Amazon Fire TV works as advertised and I'd say a little Better on my wide screen TV.I'm not new to this crab boil as I've been setting these up since 1993 and I knew it wasn't a problem with the device.Amazon does have a winner here but my one small itsy, bitsy complaint it's the bleeding remote. It's a piece of rubbish! (IMHO) and that needs some work. I haven't tried the voice part yet so that might just tip the scale a little in it's favor. I talk to my phone not to my computer accessories. I've tried 'texting' and it just seems wrong somehow. I can see the need but just cannot bring myself to pay that much money to use a device normally used for speech. I swear at my computer but I don't talk to it.Buy the Amazon Fire, You will not be disappointed and it is a great value. I'll try talking to it this evening. Maybe one of us will feel better. I might come back and give this another star.
Updated: 6/9/2014 I have owned multiple Roku's, WD play TV, WD live TV, and multiple small form factor PC-based media centers. So I have a bit of experience in these systems. I purchased this as soon as it was available hoping it would surpass my expectations. I have now spent a few months using this unit. Unfortunately this box has fallen short of my high expectations for an Amazon product. Below is my results and conclusions (Note: These are just my experiences, and my opinion about what is important to me)Size: Fire TV has a significantly larger footprint, and is quite heavier compared to the Roku's. But is about half the height. (See comparison pictures under customer images). The foot print is over double the Roku 2 XS, and feels like it is almost 3 times the weight. My guess is the weight increase is due to the fan-less heat sink required for the faster processor and video chip. Also for those that may want analog options there are no analog audio or video options. HDMI and Optical Audio out only (not a big deal for me).Initial Impressions: The Fire TV seems to run quickly and smoothly. Automatically syncs with your Amazon account (if you do not want this option be sure to check gift item when purchasing from Amazon) Navigation is not as easy or user friendly as the Roku or WD Live TV. The graphics are nice, but it seems the voice search options is the only way to truly navigate well, which means you need to know what you are looking for. Also Voice Search currently only works for searching Amazon Apps and Amazon video content. It is not a very browsable type interface; it reminds me of my Sony smart Blu-ray player's interface, but with better graphics.Services/Features: The apps are Android based like the kindle. The streaming apps work well, and buffer quickly. As a streaming box this is a 5-star unit, unfortunately for a network capable device it is severely lacking. Amazon states it is "Made for Music" yet I cannot stream any of my music library not purchased from Amazon or stored on Amazon Cloud. It also says "Sync photos from all your devices" but that is only for Kindles otherwise it requires upload and transfer to the Amazon cloud, which has only a 5GB limit for the free service (currently have almost 20GB music). Also I have not been able to find an app, or a way to play movies and music from a USB drive, I can't even see if it detects/recognizes the connected USB drive (WD recognizes and plays these easily; Roku requires a media player app but still works easily). There is also no DLNA support either that I could find, so if you want to play network video/music you will not be able to yet. The only way to watch locally stored contend is to have a Plex server running and install on one of your computers and install the Plex app. However Fire TV is also missing the free Plex for PlexPass android app, Fire TV only lists the Plex pay app for $4.99 (was discounted to $0.99 on when I purchased), even with a PlexPass Lifetime membership you will still have to pay. I have had a chance to test out many of the free games that work with just the remote. The games seem to run just as well, or better than they do on my Samsung Galaxy S3. But the selection is still quite limited 3 months out now. I may purchase the controller in future months to do more testing.Conclusion: It is good for those who use strictly Amazon for all their music and video, but for those with multiple sources, it is not up to par with the current competitors. The Fire TV is a good start for Amazon into these small smart TV boxes. Great Video Quality, and Sound Quality. It is great for streaming popular channels and Amazon content, but falls short, and fails in the ability to stream off a local network, or USB drive. I have come to expect both these capabilities in modern TV boxes like this. I hope with time and some updates it can become a true contender. I will also update my review if these features become available and work well. Still a 4-star product in my opinion.
very easy to hook up and get started.  component that you talk in to search works great. i wish there were more movies and shows for free on amazon prime.
Very easy to set up, it does what I thought it would do. I wish it had more apps available. I bought it so I had access to the Amazon Prime movies that we get on our smart tv that is located in another room, and works great for that.
Very easy to use in fact a child can set it up, the program features are easy to use and the amount of programs available are enormous. You will never run out of something to watch and your appetite for different features will never be sated for some time to come. I would recommend this to all movie buffs.
Very fast interface, however it steers you to everything Amazon, with a charge for just about everything. Netflix has the same selection for free, but Fire TV tries to keep you within Amazon choices.
Very fast, streaming is high quality. Would like to see a unified search function. Lack of an hdmi cable is a bit on the stupid side Remember out of box experience amazon, if you have to run the store to pick up a cable that would have cost amazon a few dollars, it will cost you an additional $10 at least.
Very good. Once remote navigation is mastered a very useful tool. Could still have a much larger movie selection, but this is not the fault of the device.
Very satisfied with product and experience. Glad I got prime. Works great and add a new dimension to my tv watching.
very useful but would like other streaming services for all 5 stars. Easy to look up most old movies and current tv
Virtually any android or Apple TV box will stream Netflix, but if you are an Amazon Prime member, this is the box.  It streams the entire Amazon Prime catalog.  The menu is not substantially different from android-based boxes, but it doesn't have any particular problems.  Setup was a breeze and I was watching Netflix and Prime immediately.  My Amazon cloud storage was immediately available, allowing me to view videos and photos stored there.  I really wish there was some way to access local media files as I have most of my videos and photos stored on a networked file server where I can access them from any device on my home network.  There is a paid version of Plex, I just haven't been willing to spend money to do something through the Fire that I can already do on my network for free.
Way better then the Roku. I don't like the fact that you can't play videos over the USB port and that an iOS or Android based remote is not available. Other then that it's great and I love that it supports Youtube.
We are enjoying the fire. But not many apps to choose from . I hope some will be added . Hbo go, YouTube, and others are missed .
We are well pleased with the TV Fire.....at reasonable price, enables streaming of wide array of programming.  Simple to operate and reliable, highly recommended as a source of good viewing and a wide array of games.
We do really love this. It is convent and easy to use. A little pricey on most of the movie rentals and my 7 year old has been disappointed more than once because a movie she wanted to watch wasn't available to rent at all, had to purchase. Don't get me started on the game control......... Shipping is 3 weeks out :-(
We ended up loving this device so much that we have canceled our cable and am now just going with internet. It puts all of your favorite app and entertainment in on place. I love the video game the game controller pad is a must buy.  My only complaint is that the box never seams to turn off and neither do the remote we went through one set of batteries in less than a week. I'm getting rechargeable batteries and will be unplugging the batteries from the remote when not in use.
We got Amazon Fire TV mostly because I had Amazon Prime, and I was in the middle of watching some of the series that were offered through the streaming service.  But it's been awesome since we got it.  We're watching both Amazon Prime and Netflix and the kids play video games.The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because I can't get the box to work on the ethernet only on wireless.  We made multiple calls to get it fixed, but it never does, and I don't have all the time in the world to sit on the phone while we try to make it work.
We had another Streaming TV product but the Fire has so many different options, I hope more sites are added!!
We have had this for a couple of weeks and so far it is great. I only wish that the voice search would work within which ever application you are in like within just NetFlix when I am inside the NetFlix app.  Works great and fast.
We have really enjoyed the Amazon Fire TV.  The only thing we have not been pleased with is the lack of parental control available.
We just received ours, plugged it in connected it to the TV with an HDMI cable(not included) and entered our wifi password. Then we were ready to watch as it already came set up with my Prime membership information. We have enjoyed it so far. I am looking forward to some search improvements to be able to search across different media and not to have to search each application separately. I love the voice search capability. Can not wait to see what the future will bring, but a Great beginning!
Well I now own the latest version of Apple TV, the ROKU 3 and Amazon Fire TV!This is a tough comparison, CNET gives a comprehensive comparsion of features that you can compare them by side with Chromecast as well.To summarize ROKU has the most video apps available and Amazon Prime is a close second,  Apple does not have Prime and about the same number of video apps as Amazon Fire. The other thing ROKU has is if you are a Time Warner Cable subscriber you can watch your basic channels through the device, why I can't tell you because if you have TWC you have a box and don't need ROKU to do it for you.The advantage of ROKU ends here, the Amazon storage capability is greater than ROKU and Apple, however the sound quality and video quality of the Amazon and Apple are about equal and far superior to ROKU.Without getting technical very simply even using a direct internet connection on the ROKU the quality isn't there and the difference with Amazon and Apple is vividly clear.That said, and CNET says the same thing, it comes down to are you an Apple person or a Kindle person. That's because each device really caters to their customer base, depending on what you own you can basically sync all your devices with your TV.I am an Apple person, all my music is on iTunes, but I have a Prime membership and that is why I have the Fire. The Fire is  overkill for me because I don't use any of the features like book sharing you get if you have a Kindle. I have both hooked up to my receiver, the Apple to the bedroom TV and the Fire in the living room, I can play all my music through the whole house with the Apple but I want Prime on the big screen for Prime movies.So it really is about how you use your device, as I said if Apple had Prime I would not have Fire.If you are a gamer, I'm not, the Fire has a lot more games than Apple and a cool game control you can buy from Amazon, looks like it can be fun, but my feeling is gamer purists might find it all awkward  and a compromise with the experience and prefer Xbox or Play Station.So if you have one device to buy and you have a Prime membership you will not be dissapointed with the Fire, it's great! If you don't have Prime it comes down to are you an Apple person or. Kindle person, the Apple is wonderful it just doesn't have the app library Amazon or ROKU has, but it does have Netflix and Hulu plus and some others and I'm sure it will get ether in time now that Fire is competition.
We only have had this for a couple weeks but so far so good. Very easy to use and easy to install.
We researched the best gadget to buy, Chrome, Rouku etc. Very happy with the Amazon Fire TV. It runs a lot of apps and the Voice to Command function even works with my British husbands accent. We really like that we can run XBMC, Hulu and Amazon Prime on this device. Haven't had any connection problems with my wifi either.
We used our new Amazon Fire TV for awhile now and really like the device. It was super simple to hookup to our system and a no brainer to use. The search feature is really nice, too. The picture is exceptionally clear and the built in screen saver is a household favorite. Even our guests enjoy just looking at the amazing photos from around the world in ultra HD. The only problem we've had is that the unit emits a really strong burst of sound from its light-based video jack whenever we pause video, which usually causes our home theater to turn itself off to protect itself. Hopefully Amazon will fix this in a future firmware or software update.
We watch this thing constantly. As a matter of fact, our DIRECTV just now went out because it's storming pretty bad out... time to watch the fire TV!!!!!!! We love it.We had a day where it wouldn't play anything... I called Amazon and they had it fixed in minutes and told us what to do if it happened again.We also had a day where the remote stopped working out of nowhere! I changed the batteries and it still wouldn't work. Tried it again a few hours later and it was working.... weird.
When I first got my Amazon Fire TV I almost sent it back.  I completed the return form and everything.  I already had an older Roku HD and I didn't feel that the Amazon Fire was any better, but I decided to give it a week's try - and I decided to keep it.  What got me hooked was the voice control remote.  I just love it.  The picture and sound quality are awesome, and it was very easy to setup and operate.  If you don't have a media add-on for your TV then this is a great investment.  If you already have a Roku or Chrome, you might not be as impressed.  However, I have all three devices and I like the Fire better than the Chrome and as well as the Roku.
When they improve the way you can browse through the Prime material, I would give it 5 stars. I plan on discontinuing my cable service and using this instead. It will save me a lot of money and it will allow me to watch exactly what I want. I just don't want to pay too much extra beyond the Prime membership.The voice control is spot on every time. As far as the size, I could fit about 30 of the Amazon Fire boxes inside my DVR cable box. It's very small. The Fire remote is blue tooth, so I don't need to point it. There is only 9 buttons and they are all useful, unlike my cable remote, which has 63 buttons. I use about 10 of those. And it's about 4 times the size of the Fire remote.I have never owned any other internet based systems, so I don't have much input on how the Fire compares to others like it. As far as how it compares to cable, there is no comparison. It is already better and it's only going to get better.
When you do a voice search it only finds things on Amazon which most of the results cost money.  I have only had it a couple weeks so this is my finding right now.Over all I do love it and enjoy the optical audio output.I do wish and hope Amazon will start using Flingo. It is a great feature on D-Link.
When you talk to the remote control it goes only to Amazon films, not to others, for example, in NetFlix.
While I realize that it's the only media streamer that uses voice activation, it almost always returns a result ending with a selection from Amazon instead of the other services.  The interface for Hulu Plus is fine but the interface for Netflix is not good--it's easier to use the one they have for the PC.  The one for the Amazon Fire box is insufficient and I have to do a lot of hunting around to find what I'm looking for.The equipment itself is absolutely perfect / flawless -- the quality is amazing and even the packaging is impressive.  I wish that it had a feature to help me locate the small, black, unobtrusive remote control (I lose it frequently).  Put a button on the box so that I can locate my remote control by sound -- THEN you'd have a perfect product!One last note -- I am not an expert on this type of device, but I must tell you that I returned the Roku 3 product because it did not provide any way to connect my home theater (which needs either RCA, Coax, or optical).  I would have kept it were it not for that problem alone -- not everyone on earth has audio equipment with HDMI built in -- many millions of people will have their home theater and/or stereo electronics for at least the next generation or two -- Roku made a corporate decision to abandon these folks I guess, but thankfully Amazon thought of us!
Why can't I access my Amazon cloud drive and listen to the music I have stored there?  It was available on my ROKU 2, but not on Amazon's own box?  This is very disappointing and will hopefully be something they fix quickly.  It would also be nice to have Amazon Prime content get it's own menu rather than just being a sub category in Movies and TV.  Those are my only complaints and they would not stop me from recommending it to anyone looking to upgrade from a ROKU or get rid of cable.
Will eventually be better than roku  when interface is improved and HBO GO is added these or my only gripes ,this little box has a lot more potential than roku I believe after it has been up and running for a while
With this, you don't have to start with your phone or tablet- just straight to the TV. It sometimes stops and loses the signal like cable tv first did. I'm assuming they will get that worked out. You can watch Amazon TV also. I also got the game controllerIt took me minutes from unpacking to having it up and running. Be sure to buy recommended cord with it. No cord comes with it.
works as described. some apps have too many commercials. There should be a pay for no commercials option similar to Pandora.
Works good- better than Roku 3- but every time you touch the remote it reacts. It is so sensitive that if you just pick it up to move it and aren't super careful it will change something. I am not kidding. I guess some ppl would say that is a positive but several times a DAY I will accidentally change the program, channell, etc just by moving the remote from one spot on the sofa to another. I now find myself cursing the remote!!!That is the only negative i can find.Amazon selection of pay per view is great. If you are like me and don't mind paying a few bucks to see pretty much ANY movie you want to... It's outstanding!
Works just as well as the commercials imply it will.  Very good quality video, no issues with the interface, and the voice search has been accurate 100% of the time (only takes a few seconds to get a result).  The only negative I have is that it doesn't support &#34;X-ray&#34; (information about the actors in a particular scene), which I've come to expect after having had it on my Kindle Fire HDX.  Hopefully Amazon will add this feature, at which point I'd give this product a full 5 stars.
Works really well so far.  Unit is very small and can be put anywhere even the behind the TV.  The voice search works amazingly well.  My wife can use her kindle to control what she wants to watch, swipes on her kindle screen and what she watches transfers to the TV.
Would say that Amazon prime does not quite give the content of Netflix.The Netflix client is not as good on Amazon TV as on Apple TV.However, the GUI on native content is very nice and voice search phenomenal.
Yet another tiny box who wants to take over your TV room entertainment. Thank goodness these boxes are small or it would be a crowded media closet.Setup for FireTV was very easy, I was flipping through the interface in minutes. It has it's fair share of content compared to its competitors but with the addition of gaming. I purchased the game pad as well and that connected flawlessly. The game content is nothing to boast about and I hope over time it will improve, otherwise XBOX and PS4 will still own that world and opens the door for the other boxes to improve. At least get a 4 star game like an Angry Birds!The UI could use some work, it seems they didn't focus much on style, already feels antiquated (hence the 4 stars) although it is functional.Overall I'm happy with FireTV and would recommend to friends, but I wouldn't crown it King of the Streaming Media boxes just yet.
I do not yet own the device but after reading the reviews, I am convinced that it is a product that I will enjoy.  The main reason I want this is for the amazon prime video navigation which on my current TV (Vizio Razr M series) is absolutely horrible.  However, knowing how Amazon does business it seems pretty clear that the price will drop in a few months and many of the initial bugs will be worked out.  I will wait until that time to purchase
I don't own one now but I would consider it if they would have more gigs of storage. I also wish these companies would put commercial skip on smart boxes more than 30 seconds? Do this box have it?
After a couple of months of use in a household that also contains a few Apple TVs, a Roku XS, and a variety of other media players, the Fire TVs have found their place. Mainly we use it for inexpensive, light gaming, but I also like to see what new free content can be found on Amazon Prime.In terms of gaming, it's a great value. The Android games you can buy are cheap, and the featured ones are usually a lot of fun and make good use of the optional Bluetooth Gamepad. I've got a lot of inexpensive enjoyment playing the Asphalt 8 racing simulator and my kids have enjoyed a variety of flashy games where things blow up, a lot. The hardware is powerful enough to make for a smooth and enjoyable experience. Compare with a Wii U which has a better integrated experience but games cost, literally 20x as much. We like ourWii U, but in terms of enjoyment per dollar, the Fire TV has it beat.  If you intend to game, you will want to get theAmazon Fire Game Controller, or alternative gamepads which work well too. I have aMad Catz C.T.R.L.R Gamepadwhich I've found to work as well or better than the official Gamepad.In terms of video content, my kids and I have drifted back to using the less flashy but more easily navigableApple TV. The interface for 3rd party video portals like Netflix, YouTube, Crunchy Roll, and PBS are consistent on the Apple TV, and YouTube especially benefits from Apple's support of 3rd party Bluetooth keyboards; I would not want to search YouTube on the Fire TV with the included remote, life is too short. Also, Apple tends to have more free content to own: every weekday there is some first episode of a TV show to pick up and browse, and it's convenient in terms of bringing content along on a variety of devices to own and download instead of stream. As for 1080p video quality, the Fire TV is quite handsome, but I'd still give the best in class award to either Apple or Vudu.As for navigation, it's certainly flashy zipping around the grid, but I find it's easy to go down an unintended path, and as for voice control, that is very hit or miss and only works for a subset of the available content.The hardware is well done and shows how much Amazon has grown as a hardware company, this is not the junky original Kindle Fire, this is a mature hardware platform competently executed.I would say this box has a place under many American TVs. It's fun and well done and is a good value in terms of free and inexpensive content.
AFT short of getting 5 Stars for one reason, locking down the access to google play. Amazon did a great job with this device, Am sure there is more to come looks like they are just testing the market. My Advice to Amazon give the consumer the choice don't lock down other source or app repositories like google play.Great/Fast media and game player
Amazon Fire TV lives up to its expectations.  Very easy to useBetter than Apple TV (which I've tried) Get one today
Awesome.
Because I already knew the device needed to be updated, I ran a hard wire to it so that would go quickly, and it did.  A few minutes later, and it was working super!  It is pretty simple to find a TV series to watch that is available on Prime, and movies that are available on Prime.  I watched both for a few hours and never had a single glitch.My only actual complaints are two.  One is that the pictures it shows of the various selections of entertainment are in rather poor quality.  That is, they are blurry and I often had to get up and walk closer to the movie cover being illustrated on my 59&#34; HDTV so that I could read it.  It appears these are recorded in the lowest quality pictures of MOST, but not ALL, covers, so it appears to be more a fault with the provider of the movie cover not using a high quality bitmap.  Two, the first TV series I watched was Season 1 of Vikings.  I finished it, and that is an awesome series by the way, but, the picture was rather washed out.  Considering that the content is available in Hi-def, it's a shame that Amazon could not include the Hi-def version with Prime, instead of the &#34;made for tube TV version&#34;.I should point out that I also got to play with a Roku-2 last week (a friend brought it over), and I have to say that the Fire is most definitely faster and easier to use than the Roku-2.  I hear that there is content available on the Ruku-2 that is not available on the Fire, but I don't care about that, because I'm only really interested in Prime movies and TV content.The only thing that prevented me from making this a 5 star rating is that a fair amount of the Prime content is not Hi-def.  I know I could pay for the Hi-def version, but my cable bill is already too high and my &#34;better half&#34; prefers to watch TV on cable.  So to save the money, I will take what I get, regardless of the definition.
Bought this particularly thinking it already had the app (WWE Network) ready to purchase, but it does NOT and it defeated my purpose. Amazon Fire Appstore  is limited on app's at this time....I could only get the WWE Network app from the Appstore for Android to play on Kindle Fire, but WWE Network app will not play through  HDMI cable (it's a network issue) so I can only watch WWE Network on Kindle Fire 8.9&#34; only or through my laptop....the point is CHECK OUT the Amazon Fire Appstore 1st, if your looking for particular app's to download for the new Amazon Fire (for streaming).....overall I like this gadget for what it is offering and recommend for Amazon Prime, Netflix, Hula Plus, Games, Photos, Videos and much more!
but lacks content.  when i can i watch tv for free! not enough free stuff with my prime account since i can use that on my ps3, bluray player anyway.  oh well it's another smarttv in the bedroom at least.
can only use voice feature for amazon-not other media services...would be better if voice was available for all media services
Does this work if you have a TV hooked up through a receiver for surround sound?  I just received my 30-day trial. hooked it up, saw it on my TV screen, but I can't find a way to hear audio out through my receiver.  Does this box only work if you're connected directly to a TV without a receiver?
EASY TO INSTALL AND USE.
Easy to set up and easy to access Netflix, Prime, etc.  That's what you want in electronics.
Easy to set up and use, but voice search could be improved, and the addition of a lighted remote would be helpful.
Easy to set up, easy to use and a reasonable/good selection.
Easy to use. We like Amazon Fire
Fair amount of apps hopefully there will be more choices. would like to see more movies on prime since the price is going up.
Fire works very well and is easy to setup.  Just wish it had more connections to other accounts like HBOGO or a way to set that up.Overall, it is a very good product.
First, I love it.  Easy setup.  Voice search is, literally, great.  It's also wicked fast...scrolling through the listings, playback, etc.On the negative side - voice search should be extended to Netflix and other apps.  That's frustrating that it's only for Amazon offerings.  Also, no HBO Go.In all though, I love it.  As soon as voice search is extended and HBO Go arrives...this review goes to 5 stars.
First I will say that I love how fast it is and I love the Plex app so I can stream my media quickly and easily in HD. With my apple TV I had to do  it via airplay and same with Amazon video with apple tv so those two things alone make the Fire TV better for me.Now the not so great:1. Hulu App CONSTANTLY freezes the video while continuing the audio. I have a 30Mbps connection so it's not a bandwidth issue,  I also have it plugged in to my router with an ethernet cable so it's not a wifi interference issue, it's a fire TV issue.  I often have to clear the cache, force quit the app and start all over to get it to play properly.2. There is a USB port on the back but you can't plug anything in to it like an external hard drive. My old Roku at least had a media player application so I could plug in an external hard drive for direct access to my media.I do still really like it and I'm glad I purchased it but I would LOVE it and tell all my friend to buy one if those minor issues were fixed :)
First product like this that I have bought. I considered buying an Apple TV, however I bought this solely on the specs. I just wish it had DLNA media support without the use of third party apps. I like my Fire TV though since it provides me with instant access to my online content on my TV.
Good:The Amazon Fire TV was wonderful!  The interface is really good and the voice search really works.  It's actually useful.  It is super fast; we didn't notice any load time lag or anything.  The $99 price tag is comparable to the top Roku box.  We also pay for the Prime membership which only adds to Fire TV's grade.Bad:The $99 price tag was a real bummer for us.  It isn't even that we don't think it is worth the cost, because it really is.  We just aren't prepared to pay it right now.  Perhaps in the future.  Also, we have all the devices we need that have similar functionality.  An example being my PS3 and Blu-ray players.  That is another downside to the Fire TV, it doesn't play discs.  This is, and will only continue becoming, less of an issue in the streaming content world.So, it you are cool spending the $200 (Fire TV + Prime) for it.  You will not be disappointed
Great device, super easy set up. Unit is very small and light weight.Voice search really works. Even with my southern accent.I can only give Amazon 4 stars on it til we get HBO GO.
Great device that will enable me to reduce my cable services tremendously. It was easy to set up, use and maintain. My family and I are truly enjoying it.
Great once I got it working, best customer service, Thank you to Alec
I am a google tv user and thought i would try this device since it basically took most of google tv os and apps. not bad.pro: great device, fast, small, video game are fun. cons: no volume control! no way to control my television with the remote! the remote isn't just black it's matte black, i lose it constantly (all remotes should be bright orange so you can find them!
I bought this device since I already have Prime for the shipping benefits and I am very frustrated with the performance of Apple TV.  The Fire streams much better with higher quality than Apple TV and there is a lot of good content (unlike Netflix where I can never find what I want to watch).  The only complaint I have is that there are still many movies that are not included at no extra charge.  I understand that for the newer releases but not the older content.
I bought this product for my 83 year-old mom so she wouldn't have to have to learn how to do &#34;hunt and peck&#34; searches for programs. Unfortunately, and more fool I for not foreseeing it, the voice feature only works with Amazon services so that hope failed. That aside it's a great product and I'm happy with the purchase. I'm also happy with the installment purchase plan and intend to pick up a Kindle Fire as well.
If I were to rate the device on its own merits it would be a 5 star device. What I mean is that all of the features are there from Amazon. The speed is amazing. I mean, if you're coming from an Apple TV or Roku you will be blown away by how fast the menus fly by, how quickly things load (especially on a wired connection...almost instantaneous high HD), and how quick everything just...works! In fact, the machine is so fast, and it's such a change from my old Roku 2, that I find myself accidentally skipping over things, as I'm more accustomed to a device that takes a few moments to load or go to the next option.The set-up was fast and easy, though I wish there would've been an option to skip the tutorial. For new users and people new to streaming boxes, I'm sure it's very helpful. For someone like me, it's just an annoying part of the set-up that keeps me from streaming. It's a very, very minor issue, though, and only occurs one time, during the initial set-up, so it's not worth docking any points for.The voice-search is perfect, and I haven't had any tests where the Fire TV didn't correctly pick up what I said. It must pull the information from IMDB (and Amazon company), as you are able to say things like &#34;Jack Bauer&#34; and Fire TV shows you all the options for watching the Fox show &#34;24.&#34; It picks up on characters, even if you don't know the actor's names! Incredible.As many people have mentioned, the voice search does NOT currently work with anything other than some Hulu support and Amazon's own collection of material. This is NOT Amazon's fault, though, and is NOT a limitation of the box. They have already stated that Netflix support and support from other providers (Crackle, etc) is coming. That support is not handled by Amazon, though. It's up to Netflix and the other companies to develop the necessary programs to recognize and utilize Fire TV's voice search. As soon as those companies jump on board, Fire TV will have the best, easiest and fastest universal search for media on the market.The gaming I can test right now is limited, as the controller is currently out of stock, but Asphalt 8 works amazingly well, the game loads fast, looks great, and I can't wait to get the controller so I can play Deus Ex and The Walking Dead.Finally, the second screen function works perfectly with my Kindle Fire HDX. Flinging back and forth media works without a hitch, and once again...it's fast! I tested it out with the new GI Joe movie (just because it was featured in the new release section on the home screen), and the second the movie started on the Fire TV the second screen icon on my Fire HDX appeared, allowing me to view the actors in the scene, music, and I was able to beam the movie right to the tablet when I went to the kitchen to make some food, then back to the TV once I was back in the living room. Perfect. Flawless. Fast.Love this box, and as soon as the other developers of content get their programs compatible with the Fire TV's search and voice search abilities, this will be the best option for anyone interested in having a great media player. Cannot wait for future updates and innovations.Well done, Amazon!
I had a Roku for a bit over a year - it started locking up all the time so I was looking for a replacement - decided to go with the Amazon Fire TV.  There is a lot to love about it.  It is fast - the video streaming is great - the remote is great.  I have the game controller ordered (on back order)The reason for four stars vs five is that there are a few things missing - it will depend on what Amazon does with it.  There is no DLNA support.  There is a USB port on the device - but zero support for it.  These are two features of the Roku that I used to use a lot.  Hopefully Amazon will rectify these omissions in a update.I would hope that we see a flood of new apps in the near future as developers get on-board.  If the app selection grows and the omissions are fixed - this could easily get a 5 plus star review.
I have had Apple TV for many years. I was thinking of purchasing another Apple TV for a different room in my house, and saw this new release. I decided to give it a try. I only use it for streaming video, we don't use gaming or have use for parental controls so I can't comment . In terms of streaming video, it does just as good of a job as Apple TV, but I didn't think it was better. The voice command is nice, but it really isn't a problem to enter it manually on Apple TV. So between Apple TV and Amazon TV, I'd call it a draw. For me it comes down to, am I going to purchase my media through Amazon or iTunes? I love Amazon as a merchandiser, but sorry, I'm going to stick with iTunes.  I have an indecent amount of money already invested in iTunes and I don't see me starting over.
I have heard the negative backlash for this as being a &#34;poor mans&#34; Roku, but the truth is: it's quite good. Now I will admit this particular one was a replacement (first one conked out after three months) but Kudos to Amazon for sending me out a new one in no time flat, with no fuss or any issues what so ever. The dedicated remote is great, but the voice commands are kind of pointless (only works from the main hub and not any of the apps) I want to give it a 5, but see, everyone and their grandmother supports HBO go....and Fire doesn't. Get that and I give you that extra star!
I have to admit, I am well-entrenched in the Amazon universe. I have a fair amount of purchased Amazon video content, regularly watch their new release rentals, and am, of course, a member of Amazon Prime.  I also have a Netflix subscription and watch their content now and then.  Oh and I'll fire up Pandora occasionally as well.  And that's the extent of my streaming needs.  Does Fire TV live up to what *I* expected it to do? Absolutely, and then some.  I was just blow away by the *speed* of this thing. For most of the Amazon content I brought up, there was no buffering at startup.  FFW and RW on Amazon streams suddenly became a cinch to do.  There are 10 second forward/backward controls, and holding those buttons down for longer brings up a mini view of the scene in the program that corresponds to where the search is (even as you're watching the show from it's original position).  When I skipped around to different portions of a movie, there was about a 2-3 second lag before the show came back up.  The video quality of HD content is GORGEOUS, but what really impressed me was the sound. I hadn't heard my home theater system produce sound like this from streaming video in well, ever.  The voice search works as well as everyone says it does. You can even say things like &#34;science fiction&#34; and it will bring up a list of movies in that genre. I've found some hidden gems this way that I never knew about.The Netflix app is exactly the same interface as what was on my Sony blu-ray player. Some have criticized the lack of a better interface (apparently it's upgraded on the Rokus) but this is what I'm used to, so no complaints there.  You still get the scene display when searching, to help you decide when to stop during ffwing and rwing.  Be aware, though, that Amazon has not yet added voice search functionality to Netflix. When you text search from the Netflix app, though, you do still get a set of autocompleted titles on the right side of the screen, which makes it easier to find what you want.  I was hoping for the same kind of Pandora interface as is found on the Panasonic Blu Ray players (best Pandora interface I've seen yet), where you can go back and rate up to three songs after they're done playing. Unfortunately, the Fire TV is your basic Pandora player where you need to thumbs up/down while the song is playing. There is also no support for multiple Pandora accounts like there is on other players.Rumor has it that Amazon is working on an app that will allow playback of music stored on their cloud service, a feature I am eagerly waiting for, as all my music has been uploaded to their storage service for some time.  I get the feeling they'll be adding updates to this as new services are made available.Overall, the unit functions as a more dedicated Kindle Fire for the TV.  This definitely has it's perks - you can listen to Pandora while you are browsing around for movies to watch.  It's main screen has a carousel of apps and video content that you have accessed most recently (I happen to love this about the Kindle Fires, but I know it annoys some people).  You can also navigate through the menu on the home screen to get to content, or just use the voice search for anything you want to watch on Amazon.This is, hands-down, the fastest streaming interface I've ever seen (and I thought Sony's was good).  That alone, for me, is worth the cost of the unit.
I havn;t tried this product yet, as I'm waiting for it's arival now. However, I am a longtime user of the Roku 2 box and I absolutely love it! I just want to point out Amazon's obvious slight to the Roku by ignoreing the fact that Rokus bluetooth remote is also a dedicated game controler that is included with the box and is also very advanced as it uses a gyro and acceleromiter for exelent gameplay(Angry birds sans pushing buttons takes the game to a whole new level). Actualy, I'm very supprised these features were not included by Amazon. I love Amazon and am a little saddened they went this route!!!
I like Amazon Instant Video, but my Sony BDP-S1100 Blu-ray Disc Player had occasional streaming issues.  Mostly on Friday and Saturday nights, so it might be Amazon and NOT the Sony.  But this device is slick and streams quickly.  Satisfied, but should be nearly free to Amazon Prime members, I don't like spending the 100 bucks.
I like it a lot although sometimes I have a little trouble with network connections being lost which may or may not have to do with the Fire box. My PC stays connected during these problems. Who knows the answer?
I likes it but I'm still learning :) there's a lot too be discovered still . Looking forward too hours of fun .
I like the system.  It is nice that my son can play a game.  I took off the parental controls because it became very annoying how many times you had to enter the code.  When I bought a movie, my son could see the code on the screen.  Now, I noticed that there was a purchase that I didn't know about.  It can easily be bought.  Now I have the controls back on.  I am out $6.99 that I didn't want.I like the movies but have a few buffering issues with movies.
i like this a lot.the voice recognition works well too, and the user interface is very good.however, there are two negatives:negative 1:  is the box of the unit (not the packaging, but the unit itself).the edges are to sharp, and the corners are down right lethal.  the box should 'bevel'the corners and edges.  you don't want to have the unit in a place where a child would pick it up or bump into it.negative 2: several of my 'favorite' internet channels are not (yet?) available, and are available for the ROKU
I'm a long-time Roku user.  I've got 2 Roku boxes, Chromecast and an Amazon FTV.  I've tried a bunch of others as well.In terms of power and features, Amazon has packed it all in.  But, this is not entirely a good thing.  The FTV is overly complicated and requires a a lot of moving around and clicking to accomplish simple things, especially on the Plex app which Amazon has prominently featured.\Compared to Chromecast, there is no comparison.  They aren't designed to do the same thing, so I wouldn't even bother trying to comapare them.Compared to AppleTV, Amazon is the clear winner, but that's not saying very much as AppleTV has been the big loser in the set-top game.The Roku3 is still the dominant box, in my opinion.  It does what it does better than anything on the market today.  Why?  Because they kept it simple.  I have yet to find a feature (that I use) on the FTV that isn't simpler, faster or more accessible on the Roku, and there are still too many things (like Simple.TV) that just aren't available for FTV.That being said, this is Amazon's first-stab at it.- The over-complicated UI can be fixed (Roku had to do it a couple of times to get it right too).- The voice-recognition is great... if you like Amazon Prime videos or Hulu.  Get that to work with Plex and you may have something useful!- Get Simple.TV (or another decent network DVR) working with this box.  Plex only goes so far.I'm sticking with it, for now, on the assumption that it will continue to evolve and improve.
I ordered the Amazon Fire TV in hopes of resolving a wireless network issue we had in our lower level family room.  Access to Amazon, Netflix, etc. was going through an older Blu-ray player with the main router upstairs and a repeater in between.  Access was sometime good...but mostly only fair or not at all.  Received the Fire TV; installation was simple and it worked great immediately.  Wireless access has been strong and not a problem!!!  Husband is happy...and I no longer have to try to resolve the old networking issues every day.  Love that the Fire TV unit is small, compact and doesn't take up much space.  For us it was a great purchase.
I purchased the Fire TV because it had everything I needed to replace my Samsung Blue Ray player, what a surprise I got when I went to use the USB port to watch movies I have on my memory stick, the USB does not work, so again I have to keep my Samsung Blue ray player to have access to my memory stick, come on Amazon dont advertise a USB when it does not work, that I believe is false advertising.  Otherwise the Fire TV is great, I have had no problems with streaming, I purchased the game controller and my grandson plays on it all the time, very easy to use.USB is needed and needed now to make it the complete player.
I really like amazon Fire TV.  The wireless performance is great.  HD is actually HD.  My only gripe is that when you watch a movie halfway through, and then stop it, when you come back, you can only resume.  If you want to watch from the beginning, you have to &#34;rewind&#34; the movie like an old VCR...
I see a lot of good shows, but there is some scheduling as per seasons allowed and further additionsThat will e added. If you have &#34;24&#34; as only a season one, that may not be enough due to everyone knows thatThere is about 6 seasons available now, but more new ones may start up.Another item to look at is a menu for other things like netflix. If you feel the need to compete there, then youMay need to show screens as good as netflix has now. A person who uses netflix now and wants to switchBetween amazon and netflix, should be able to do so with the same screen formatting there too.
It arrived as promised and the instructions were easy to understand and hook up, however the picture don't seem as good as my Dish TV picture, we have Amazon prime so there are a lot of programs to choose from, I only wish the picture was better.
It installed very easily, and it works exactly as promised.  We love it!However, I have to give it just 4 stars because three days after installing it, it simply stopped working.  It turned out that the Amazon AAA batteries went dead.  Two new Energizers, and it works like a charm.  Do yourself a favor and toss the Amazon batteries and install your own name-brands.  But the unit itself earns 5+ stars.
It's a pretty neat device. Easy to set up. Cool to look at. But right now, it's not much better than Google Chrome. I can use Nextflix and Pandora. A bunch of other apps that just look like aggregate sites (Crackle, etc). The Amazon Prime streaming feature is awesome. And I think the games will be pretty cool once there are more to choose from. At this point I own a Kindle, a Chrome, and the Fire TV. I know it will get better as the user base expands. I wish I would have waited a bit longer to purchase, but other than that, not bad.
Its good, can be cheaper then cable if you only use netflix. Prime seems to pricy at $99 a year for less flicks then netflicks
Its ok but I am having problems viewing Prime Time movies.  Its probably great for others but until I figure out what is wrong with my prime account I will just say I like it.
Its works really well and its fast. No problems yet. Im glad I got it. Now if they could offer cable channels somehow so we could get rid of local cable that would be a neat trick.
It works well!! Our only complaint is that there are limited free movies/shows available through Prime, Netflix and Hulu Plus. It seems like 60% of the shows we want to see you have to pay for or are not available. :(
I was greatly excited to get my new Fire TV and ordered it as soon as it was available.  The setup hit a snag when the device could not detect the remote control - once it powered up and was connected to my network, it started a software update (probably why it didn't detect the remote) but since it didn't detect the remote I was unable to continue the setup once the update completed.To resolve, I power cycled the device and it detected the remote after that.I think companies should ensure the device is a working state before beginning an over-the-network update - I know many hardware devices do this, and they have a higher setup failure rate because of it.
I would have given this five stars, but I think it's pretty lame that it's missing the ability to play my amazon music library.
Like it a lot. Bottom line is, you can't get many of the apps available on the Amazon Fire on Apple TV. That said, some of the features need tweaking. For example, when fast forwarding or rewinding a program you cannot track the action on screen. Instead, the picture is frozen at the point of playback and you have to guess when to stop FF or RW.
Love it, start up is easy, but figuring out out from there, not so cool. I took 6 yr old time to get out.
MLB Network available for purchase. Love the fact that it auto searches by voice command and has parental controls built in.
My dad owns one and it is amazing, but for some reason right now when we try to watch shows on huluplus it sends us to the home screen and netflix just won't let us on.
My review of the Amazon Fire TV is probably slanted because of my age, etc.  When I ordered the Amazon Fire TV I was using a Roku 2. I thought the AFTV would do a better job playing my music from the Amazon Cloud Player. Of course when I got it and found out at that time it didn&#8217;t even work with the Amazon Cloud Player I was fit to be tied! However I chose to keep it because I did like some things about it and they did promise me that it would play my music &#8220;someday&#8221;.  That did happen about a month later and when I first tried it I found a new feature for my music that I am thrilled with &#8211; LYRICS! I am a hearing challenged 72 year old that lives with a dog and a cat. Because of my hearing I have never been able to understand all of the lyrics and in the last 15 years or so practically none. In fact I would often find the lyrics of certain songs on my computer where I could read them as I listened. I realize that may sound like I am getting off of the review of the AFTV but I don&#8217;t think there is any other device that takes advantage of the Lyrics. I know my old Roku doesn&#8217;t.  On the down side Amazon could take some ideas from Roku on the way my music selections are laid out when I start browsing. I have 6,000 plus albums and if I am searching for a particular album that lets say if about the middle of that list it can take me 7 or 8 minutes to scroll through that far, where Roku displays them in groups of 100 with notation at the first of each 100 so that I know what is in that group so I can actually start going down the list 100 at at time until I get to the group that it is in.I actually have a good bit to say about the remote, and I am talking about what they call the Fire TV Remote (the one that comes standard).  It looks great but I have a couple of issues with it. First of all when I am watching something on Netflix there is no &#8220;instant replay&#8221; feature like the Roku remote has. It does have that if I&#8217;m watching a video from Amazon Instant. Next it is far too easy to accidently hit the &#8220;Home&#8221; button while scrolling down through a list like songs in an album. If I have scrolled for the 7 or so minutes to get to that album and then do that I usually scream!
My son loves playing the games....a lot of the games work with the remote for the Amazon TV....some games require an additional gaming remote.  I love being able to watch Netflix.  It is nice having everything you need in that one little box.  We are traveling this weekend and I'm going to take it with me to keep the kids entertained in the hotel at night.
Needs hbo go!
Nice box
NO HBO GO !......that would get it 6 stars. Fast, easy to use,  easy to set up but the omitting of HBO GO is glaring
Only 1 problem, I wish there was a 'Free Movie' section. I hate selecting a movie that is 20 years old and discover that will cost me $3.99 to watch it.
onlything missing vudu.rental movies too expensive/product works as described.apps easy to install.all amazon products work excellent.have 4 kindles/no problems./excellent selection books.
Patience in setting this up (they don't tell you that the big black butter is basically an Enter key).  This really needs a How-To video (meaning a place to go watch and learn how to operate this).  It is convenient and for the most part it does what it says it will do, BUT... you've got to understand how to work it, how to look things up and how to accomplish that.  But it's been working pretty well and the blu-tooth signal works in my house and away from the wi-fi source.
Really handy but not all features of prime as through play station.  Also hard to turn off
Shipping fast.  Packaging excellent.Easy to install.After using it for a couple of weeks, we like it a lot.  We were using Chrome Cast and that was terrible.Fire has more option, yet simple to use.Love the voice search.  Simple navigation.So far, So good.
So far I am not in love with the Fire tv. I wanted to love it but I just like it. It has all the apps of our roku but doesn't seem to be as user friendly. I am also disappointed with the selection of free prime shows amazon offers (I realize that is not a feature of the device but is worth stating) The voice feature is neat but certainly not enough to make me buy this over a roku. It was easy to set up, it works fine, and it is sleek looking- but there is just nothing super ground breaking about it or that sets it apart from its competitors.
The Amazon Fire TV is perfect for what I wanted. I got rid of cable in my home office, where I do all my work. I can stream music or watch Prime or Netflix. The addition of HBO to Prime was perfect timing.I can't wait for the HBO GO app.The voice search works great, although, like others, I wish I could search other apps, like Netflix, with it.Also, seeing all my cloud drive photos and videos on the tv is awesome.NEGATIVES:MORE APPS! I wish it had network apps, like ABC or even TNT.Cloud Player--where is it? I purchase a lot of music from Amazon, and really thought this would be there. Very disappointing.Games: I have not purchased the controller because it doesn't seem to have enough games to justify $40. As more come on line, I'm sure I will purchase it.All in all, a great purchase. The negatives take very little away from the beauty of this little box. I'm sure that more apps and games are on their way.
The box is not too bad for a first try by Amazon. I do wish it had a few more options such as accessing your Amazon Music collection or a Amazon Music App.
The Fire TV dies what I want it to do, but the fact that there is no power button drives me a little batty. Also the mirror screen function with my Kindle Fire HDX can be hit or miss. I may upgrade it to five stars once there are more apps available for download.
The Fire TV is great, the hardware is awesome and the ability to stream games is something that for a person like myself makes it the only viable option when it comes to Internet TV boxes.The only reason I'm giving it a 4 is the lack of apps, more specifically HBO Go. Amazon should have waited to lunch this with HBO on board.Otherwise the device is great, super fast, voice search is awesome, gaming is fun. Great product overall.
The Fire tv was a breeze to set up and is very easy to use. It favors Amazon content of course, but the major competitors are all there except for HBO. It would be even better if the search function worked across all subscribed services. I am very pleased with the purchase.
The Good:The FTV works great!! It handles everything I have thrown at it and it seems to be a great all in one box.  It works as a client HTPC and is the best &#34;thin-client&#34; I have found for XBMC.The Bad:Amazon is taking a very strange stance on this box.  They claim that they want this open for developers, but it seems that the only thing that is being allowed into the app store are games.  My main complaint is that side loaded apps cannot be added to the home screen.  This limits the box from having a very user friendly feel.An additional gripe and the reason I cancelled the prime membership is that there is no way to filter just by prime.  This really killed the WAF (Wife Acceptance Factor) as she had a hard time finding prime content (I didn't think it was very intuitive either).Conclusion:Overall I would recommend the device it really works well and I love the android platform for an home theater device.I would say that until prime content is searchable on its own or at least filterable on its own, the ease of use of having and using a prime subscription is just not attractive enough to justify it.  It is just too kludgey.The final comment is that Amazon really needs to truly open this box up.  Allow root and allow users to make changes to their box.Maybe a simple root disclaimer that voids support/warranty could be settup, but until some of this is done and apps can be added to the home screen and usb can be used for storage, the box, while it still gets my recommendation, has some improvement that can be done.
This box is on Fire! I would definitely recommend it any and all. The voice recognition WORKS! But needs more apps like HBOGO ect.
This is a gift, so I can't rate it.  I got it mostly from the great reviews.
This is good but it really, really wantts you to watch Amazon movies; the interface feels more like an ad than a user interface. It lacks the personality and friendly feel of the Roku3. It's fast and there's not really anything wrong with it, but I feel like I turned my back on an old friend, the Roku3, in favor of of the new popular kid that everyone's talking about
This is the 1st streaming box  that i bought and it is a very good for the price of 99.
This product is an excellent option, but it's not at all useful if you don't have a Fire tablet or an Amazon Mobile device.Actually I plan to buy a bundle that include an Amazon Fire TV and Amazon Fire HDX 7&#34; the next month. It would be more useful for me.
This product is good as it is advertised. easy to install and very convenient and affordable. Highly recommended to all.
This small box is great!! I have no need for a blue ray player because this thing is so fast the video looks like blue ray. Very smooth video play back. Planned on buying, trying, returning since we have smart tv that does the same; But the speed and quality made this a keeper.  Only reason a 4 star was because the Game controller from amazon was so expensive.
This system offers another way to access movies/videos. It works about the same as any other system. We use it infrequently.
this thing is really fast and like others have stated really set up for amazon prime...i dont find the voice search that great of a feature but it does pick up what you say spot on! its lacking HBO go and MLB and the usb doesnt play videos so that kinda sucked but overall nothing mind blowing different from apple tv roku and others like it!
To many expensive programs - very few free programs beyond Netflix. otherwise a great idea once how to use is figured out. also easy to mistakenly select cost program with no way to cancel the purchase
Very easy to use.  I like having amazon prime as an additional screening option.  If they would add HBO Go and let me somehow access my iTunes cloud so I can watch the movies I've already downloaded it would be perfect.
We like Amazon Fire TV. Thank you for making HD streaming video easy to access and fun to watch. I know that this is just the beginning; but the cables and sat guys are in for a big surprise. Somebody needed to remind them who and watch service is all about. Thank you!
What is the default PIN (5 digit existing PIN)?I cannot find any where.We cannot let kids to use without it.-----I thought we can set up the PIN in the device with some default PIN.But it needs to set up on web browser first.Here's the link (after logged on Amazon):https://www.amazon.com/gp/video/settingsThank  you.
Why do I have to pay for anything I wanna watch on Amazon Prime? Netfix is much better!!!!
Wish there was a way to group the events that are not free with my prime  or make all free with prime membership
wish the voice search worked a little better, cant get it to understand silent letters. like Knight instead of Night. only Night comes up
Works as well or better than the roku product with a convenient voice control.  That works mainly for their on demand shows and not while on Netflix or their search.
WOW!  This little box (size of a slice of bread) makes using Amamzon Prime and other on-line services a breeze.  Well worth the price!  The only complaint is no &#34;Off&#34; option within the menu selection.  The unit shuts off automatically after 30 minutes off being idle.
But the main thing i was expected was voice search on youtube. Voice search does not works for youtube. This is very bad :(
Choosing a STB comes down to what you want to do. I already have an HTPC for music and my externally downloaded files, so I can't comment to FireTV's support of that. I never found myself using the custom channels on my Roku 2 enough, or I may not have been willing to switch to this. What I wanted this for, was Netflix, Prime and Hulu. My TV and BluRay players support these as well, but they support them poorly. FireTV is very fast and responsive, and that's worth a few extra bucks to me.The Netflix app is the same on FireTV is on my other devices. Nothing special there. It's just a lot quicker to navigate and buffer. By comparison, the Roku 3 has a much nicer, more modern app. Well somewhat nicer. Not nice enough to make a huge difference to me. Unfortunately, the app is self-contained and you don't get recommendations or &#34;recently watched&#34; items through the main FireTV menu. As I understand it, that may be a Netflix stipulation, but they should really reconsider, as it's shifting the balance of my watching habits to Prime instead. How much longer before I realize I don't need to pay them anymore?And that's where this device shines, is for its support of Prime. It's the only usable interface I've seen for it thus far. The recommendations are good and they make it easy to watch the Next Episode, by navigating through their &#34;Recent&#34; toolbar. The voice search (one of the main selling points for me), works very well. But only for Prime. And that's one of the big failings of this device. It's not just because Netflix chose not to integrate either, it's the fact that to get to the Hulu search results, you have to first navigate through the Pay (ie. non-Prime) Amazon video options first. And it's not always obvious. Not cool. Make my life easier, not harder. Tricking customers is not a good long term strategy.So, if you don't have need for a lot of custom apps or you don't have/care about Prime, I'd go Roku 3. Otherwise, I think this is the best on the market right now and I've gotten a lot of good use out of it so far. I only had to reboot it once, in the two months I've used it and haven't encountered any other glitches so far (surprisingly enough). Both Amazon and Netflix need to loosen up a bit, for this device to be 5 stars. Cater to my habits, not what you would like them to be, and I'll be a loyal customer. Companies like Sony and Apple lost me years ago by trying to box me in.Side note: Received a Roku 3 a few days before this was announced, Amazon was nice enough to refund that (despite opening it and setting it up), and send me this replacement overnight.
Hello pants...
I am a techno junkie.  I have had various versions of the Roku (which I love) and this is the first time trying something different.  I am really enjoying the Amazon Fire Tv.  One down side, the batteries that came in the box, freshly wrapped, were bad, so the remote didn't initially work.  I had to replace with my own batteries (mass produced in China I guess).  Once I got some good batteries installed, it was very easy to get up and running (I think easier than the Roku's I have owned but they at least gave me good batteries).  The remote and responsiveness of the system is great and much more user friendly to handle I think.  If you are not a game player, stick with Roku, the price is right and its a great device.Anyway, if Amazon throws in some free perks with Amazon OnDemand throughout the life of the device for those who have it, this would make it the device to have.
I thought you would get more with Fire TV box. I figured there would be more available through Prime. I like the functionality and we never have issues with it. I was just hoping for a little more.
It is great but if you dont have a hdmi on the tv you want to put it on you are f-ed. i have tried 4 different cables and no dice it looks like i will have to get a new tv just to use it. i have tried a hdmi to vga cable got picture but no sound, a hdmi to raf got nothing from that one, and a hdmi to dvi and nothing on that one either. it looks like your tv must have an hdmi jack or you are SOL.
It is working well and is fun to use.
Just started watching 24, and its night time... I never knew how nice a back light was until not having one on the all black fire tv remote. Rather minor thing that is massively annoying.Nonetheless, the fire tv is great and I highly recommend. There is a nice and quick tutorial which gets you up to speed quickly. The processor and connection are extremely fast. The device is tiny and sleek. The HDX is awesome in its ability to fling to your tv and back again.I'm trying to find a way to use xray on my HDX while watching the show on my tv, add that would be very cool. I'll update later if I find a way to do it.
light the keys!put a hole in the remote so we can hang it somewhere!I like the voice control but it does not work on Netflix! or Hulu
Love the unit and speed... Remote is a big plus with searching but it currently does not work with PC based DLNA content shares.
nice unit, easy to use, but for the subscription rate, you should not have to pay extra for anything but new release movies
Okay, so I've been looking for a device where I can stream stuff like netflix, hulu, crackle, etc. Looked at a few devices and tried three, tried Netgears Push2TV device, Roku 3, and last but not least Amazon Fire TV. Netgears Push2TV device was a very nice concept and I would of kept it if it actually worked and had a stable connection. Was waaay to difficult to set up, had to update firmware and some other crap. Anywho, it worked temporarily with my cellphone's miracast feature but returned the device because it seemed to be malfunctioning and got the Roku 3, impressive because I liked having HBO GO and having the option to plug in earphones into remote, very NIFTY! Unfortunately not a lot of games and so I got Amazon Fire TV, LOVE IT! Has everything except HBO GO in which I hope that'll change, the voice search is an awesome feature...way better than having to manually input text with remote, the only complaint I have is not having a Miracast or WiDI feature, if Amazon was to add this, it would be a killer. You CAN view your own media EXCEPT movies (boooo!!!) once you upload your content to Amazon's cloud drive, hopefully you'll be able to stream w/e you want in the future. Very promising top box...for now anyway.
Pros:  Lighting fast, excellent for Amazon/Netflix and easy to use remoteCons:  Not easy to turn off.  Died after a couple weeks and had to return.
Right now, I have a bedroom setup which consists of a desktop computer and an HDTV. When I want to watch Amazon Prime or Netflix, I usually sit at my desk to choose a show/movie, and then either watch from there or from my bed. Are there any advantages from a computer to using Fire TV?From reading some other reviews, the only advantages I've gathered are -Possibly better video quality from using the Fire.Voice searchThe ability to use a remote from the bedAm I missing anything here?thx
Snappy little box. Smaller than I had thought, but solid.  I cannot say solid with respect to the remote, cheap feeling comes to mind.Primarily dedicated for Amazon content, but I expected that.  Configured with my Prime account and my Netflix account, voice search only searches Amazon content apparently.  Roku (not technically having a dedicated media service) searches all sources for content you want.  Amazon if you are listening, keep the Amazon results on top by all means, but make your searches go through all potential sources at least -- just your installed apps preferably.One disappointment which should not affect many people - I tested just with TuneIn Radio so far:  If you are playing something and turn the TV off (my FireTV plugs into a stereo, which outputs video to the TV), the music pauses.  That is an annoying waste of power if you just want music in the background.  The Roku 3 just pauses then picks right back up playing when the TV shuts off.These two issues are (so far) the only thing keeping me away from 5 stars.  Bear in mind it has been installed for a whole 2 hours or so now!Edit -- added IHeartRadio and it keeps playing after I turn the TV off, so it appears to be an app specific issue.
The aps are quite limited at this time. I would have thought that Amazon cloud player would be good on this box. Also. button arrangement on the controller is a little off the normal configuration, if you are to a Roku. Otherwise I like the box. It is quick and has the possibility of replacing a couple of other units. I hope they increase the ap store and add more capability.
The form factor is typical Amazon. No frills. Just does the job. It is all about the content. Interesting integration with Cable providers. Can watch Cricket on ESPN3! Makes it a good add-on to my Comcast Cable HD Box. Complements it rather than replace. Good strategy here by Amazon.Had to use the Optical Cable to get the Dolby 5.1 surround sound and feed the video directly to the 2nd HDMI on the TV. I have never been able to get the Dolby 5.1 to work on Chromecast and Roku (no Optical Output on those two). I was using the PS3 to get the 5.1 to work.Netflix app on the Fire TV needs work. Dolby 5.1 Surround sound does not work. In general, I notice that streaming content via Amazon video is much crisper than Netflix.Oh, yes, the voice search does work. Mostly for Amazon Video content I think.
There is great potential here.  I tend to buy every new TV gadget, amazon integration is amazing.. Netflix and Hulu are OK, Plex and other android aps --- look like android apps.If you are an Amazon Prime fanatic this is for you.  I hope to see better integration with netflix, hulu, and hopefully Plex.
This device is awesome.i have always wanted to watch my amazon content on the big screen...and also the more you purchase your library just grows and grows.having your library saved on amazons servers is a plus so you save a lot of space.my only gripe is the pictures folder i dont know how to manage them.it has the album art included with my pictures so they are in the slideshows as well..i highly reccomend this device.
We absolutely love our Fire. The only thing we were surprised about was that the most of the latest movies cost 5.99 to rent. The free movies are fairly old. I had to purchase Netflix with another monthly bill, to get movies to rent for no additional cost. It is simple to set up but you will need to purchase another HDMI cable. But like I said, its easy to install if you have WIFI.
We are still learning this device. So far we love it. Will post again in about a month to let you know if we still love it.
We bought one to see how it compared to our old Roku2. Streams load faster and don't seem to require the &#34;warmup&#34; period we experienced on the Roku where it took a bit for the streams to clear up and and display at full resolution. It's faster. The UI could use a bit of streamlining, but it's really pretty simple to use. Plus, we're able to get stable streams via WiFi, whereas with the Roku we needed to bypass wireless and go with an Ethernet connection. All in all I like it.My complaint has to do with Ultraviolet support. Because of the ability to convert old DVDs and Blu-Rays to HD online versions, we've converted most of our discs to Ultraviolet. We'd watch them on our Roku using the Vudu app, and they looked and sounded great, and it was really convenient.Unfortunately, the Flixster app on the Fire TV won't play in HD, and that's proving to be a real source of frustration. I contacted Flixster, and they said that ability might come in the future, but there doesn't seem to be a good idea about when. I'd appreciate it if Amazon would make this a priority.
While I was disappointed with the size of the receiver and remote (See Gary Busey' s tv ad), I still think Amazon did a wonderful job in boosting Prime  members&#34;enjoyment&#34;. (Downside: I had to purchase new batteries to get the service working and the remote was peeling away at the top.)
all this and its missing FACEBOOK and a wi5i keyboard I hope its coming soon because I have most of it all on my tv
Liked what I could find.  A great selection of GOOD movies.  Not a lot of Great ones for free though.  I looked up the 10 Commandments, and the rental was something like 14.99!  You can see it for free on ABC.  It seems like anything that was an Academy award winning picture, you have to pay for. It seems like the older movies should be free.
Not sure why but I haven't yet installed this item.  I have a smart TV and can watch my amazon stuff through that.  Not sure what other functions this would give me.
Now that we have it all set up I love it. The fact that I had to go out and buy the cords to connect it to the TV and Modem which cost me another $45 did not make me happy. The directions assume you know about what they are talking about and are hard to follow. We had to connect it to our modem and the TV through the DVD player.
unless someone tells me differently, I have to wait to purchase this. I would love to buy it now but it doesn't have any lock features. as my cable box and kindle fire does. in other words: parental controls. so I can lock my children out of content not appropriate for their ages. I have contacted costumer service about this, they promise the feature will be considered and possibly added. PLEASE!!! to my family and im sure many others, it would be greatly appreciated.
Very slick presentation..............However I find it difficult to fill text when required: Changing to Netflex, how does one complete the required texting ?
with games of thrones Season 4 starting... I must be crazy getting this thing.with no HBOgo ... maybe if it had &#34;Skype&#34; or &#34;google hangouts&#34; with a camera I would keep it.I Love Everything else about it.... but my Build smart TV has all the features already but the gaming part.
I haven't bought one myself, but I was able to check out a friends.I made the following observations:1) The voice search works surprisingly well. It's a very nice touch.2) The interface is easy to use, but somewhat overwhelming.3) It's super quick. Amazon made a good choice by going with the high memory and processing power.4) The box itself is small and nice looking. It won't add too much clutter to your TV space.Things that Amazon could improve:1) Develop an ad-based Fire TV (similar to their Kindles) that facilitate a lower price point2) The voice search is good, but it could benefit from some additional refinements.3) Include HBO Go, seriously.4) Develop a Fire TV mount for wall-mounted TVs.5) Keep on being awesome
I haven't had time to hook this unit up yet.  The quality looks good and the shipment was great.  Good service
I mistakenly already rated the weathertech product thinking I was rating the Husky. The weathertech was very good but did not provide as much coverage high near the petals so I choose the Husky . The WT was a little more substantial material and more pliable and I wished it had as much coverage .
...It's snappy and gets the job done on most media fronts with flank speed...only gripe from me is lack of access to my favorite browser.  Now, you'd think amazon would make it easier to go to their store, eh?
Not knowledgeable on technical  devices...will I still have to purchase Netflix monthly and other applications  if I choose to use them .
I DONT LIKE THAT FACT THAT YOU CANT TURN IT OFF...THE ONLY WAY TO TURN IT OFF IS TO UNPLUG IT AND THAT SUCKS!!! I HAVE ONE HD PLUG IN THE BACK OF MY TV SO I HAVE TO USE A HD SPLITTER  AND NOW WNEN I WANT TO PLAY A GAME OR SOMETHING I GOT TO UNPLUG MY FIRE TV...PLEASE FIX THAT..AND ALSO I DONT LIKE THE FACT THAT YOU PAY 99 DOLLARS FOR IT AND IF YOUR NOT A PRIME MEMBER YOU HAVE TO PAY FOR EVERY SINGLE MOVIE YOU WATCH IF YOU WANT TO WATCH AMAZON MOVIES, AND I KNOW AMAZON HAVE A LARGE SELECTION OF MOVIES..AMAZON NEED TO BE ALITTLE MORE LIKE NETFLIX WHERE YOU PAY A MONTHLY FEE AND I KNOW THEY WOULD BLOW EVERYBODY ELSE OUT THE WATER CAUSE THEY HAVE EVERYTHING...BUT YOU CAN GET OTHER APPS LIKE YOUTUBE, CRACKLE ETC. BUT THE MOVIES WONT BE IN HD....IF YOU HAVE NETFLIX OR ANYTHING LIKE THAT ...THE MOVIES WILL BE IN HD...I HAVE NETFLIX...BUT I LIKE IT THEY JUST GOT TO WORK OUT THE KINKS
Just got it and am excited to try it out.  It was so easy to set up!  Looking forward to watching it now.
YOU CAN NOT SEARCH YOU TUBE LIKE YOU CAN ON YOUR CELL.PICTURE QUALITY IS GREAT, WITH A GOOD INTERNET CONNECTION THERE IS NO PIXILATING OR INTERRUPTIONS.i AM VERY HAPPY WITH THE SERVICE AND AMMOUNT OF FEATURES.TOO BAD THE CONTROLLERS ARE ON BACK ORDER FOR OVER A MONTH....A REVISED REVIEWWILL COME WHEN THE CONTROLLER COMES IN
First off I apologize as this is more of a Question(s) than a Review because there is not adequate information for my purposes. Appreciate anyone who can as obviously Amazon does not.Do you get 5.1 Audio Sound especially from Netflix? If so, is the Optic Cable output sufficient (My older HDTV has just one HDMI input and my Denon 3801 Receiver doesn't have an HDMI input) to get 5.1 sound.Thanks for your help.
Most people already owned this before Amazon came out with it.  It's called a Playstation 3.  Or Xbox 360, if you like paying Microsoft an extra $10 a month to use your own internet and streaming service you've already paid for, and don't have Blu-Ray's.  However, for people with zero interest in serious gaming, or playing Blu-Ray discs, this is a solid buy at $99.Another Issue I have with this device is the pre-buffering.  Loading videos before you even decide to watch them sounds like a good way to waste any bandwidth cap you might have, and having that happen millions of times a night produces unnecessary heavy network traffic waste.So to sum it up, this thing is just a big fancy Android tablet with your TV as the screen.  If you already have a smart TV, gaming console, Roku, or similar device, it is either redundant, or inferior.  If you are a Prime customer, don't own any modern home entertainment devices besides a Blu-Ray and a nice TV, this might be for you.
Easy to set upWorks great. Very clear picture. Love that I can watch all my movies on one machine
All about content, content, content. Choices are limited right now on the gaming side. Plus, no HBO go. Regardless, good first effort,
Fastest hardware out there that I know of for this price range. Much faster response time than apple tv or Western digital or roku box or samsung smart blu ray player due the latest HW spec including the quadcore cpu inside.  Very fast response time.  Nice initial set of apps but will improve over time.  I bought the controller with it and they gave me 10,000 coins which is about $10 credit to buy apps.  controller worked well and was responsive as well.Really the shortcoming comes in the form of personal photos and home movies.  If not loaded to the amazon cloud, you can't access it.  This is stupid.  it provides a USB port with no description of what it is for.  On most boxes, it is to connect a storage device. If you connect a storage device to this device, you cannot access the storage device. I understand amazon wants to make money selling content but they should allow USB storage devices to connect and access.  Western digital box and samsung smart blu ray player does, why not amazon?
Fire TV is extremely fast with a great interface. The only thing missing from my standpoint is it does not see local content. It only streams content from sources through the Internet.Streaming of Amazon Prime is flawless, and right now it is only connected through WiFi. I had experienced delays streaming Amazon Prime through my Smart TV, before. Now those issues are resolved.Fire TV also uses Bluetooth for communication with the remote. Extremely responsive and no &#34;line of sight&#34; is required.
First of all, set up was a breeze without complications.  Picture quality was fantastic.  I am a Amazon Prime member.  This is a very fast video streaming device compared to ATV.  The interface is good with Amazon Prime options.  What I am really disappointed in Amazon is the amount of money they are charging for many of their streaming movies.  A lot of these movies are greater than 10 years old, but you are still paying $3.99 per video.  Many of the selections should be free as you are paying $99 for Prime in the first place.  Yes, they can get you your purchased "prime" items in two days, but there is also a price premium tagged onto that "Prime" item.  I don't feel like Amazon Prime is such a deal any more.  I would like to see more free options on Fire TV for those who are Prime members.  So the player is great, but not such a great deal.  I sure hope they ramp things up in the future.April 22 Update:This really is a great streaming device.  I'm real enjoying it.  Although the games are limited, and not very technical, they are fun for me and my 8 year old daughter.  The picture quality is excellent.  The voice recognition can be operated by my 8 year old flawlessly.  Very impressive.  I think I will grow to like Fire TV more and more.  Almost to the point where I might invest in the Kindle Fire HDX.  I'm normally and Apple guy, but I'm enjoying all of the features here as well.  Gotta tell you, DIRECTV has really upset me the way they are renting new movies two to three nights at a time for $7.99  or more.  Feels like a scam and I think it is.  At least with Amazon and even Apple, you can rent movies for one night at a much lower price.
For this being Amazon's first media streamer it is amazingly mature.  From a quick and fairly intuitive menu interface to the speedy hardware that never lags Amazon has definitely caused a ripple in the world of media streamers.  I have an Apple TV, Chromecast and a sony blu-ray player that adds the Amazon Instant Video option so when I purchased the Fire TV it seemed superfluous, but I was interested in at least trying it out.  While not imperative, in order to receive the full value of this device an Amazon's Prime Membership is must as it allows you to stream a large collection of movies and tv episodes without additional charge.  Coupled with Netflix and Hulu plus memberships you have a great streaming device that is second to none. My Apple TV was my go to streamer, but now I prefer the Fire TV because of the faster load times and it just responds effortlessly from my voice as well as my input from the remote control.  The voice search option is useful and I hope Amazon has plans to carry this over into searches with third party apps like Netflix, Hulu Plus and YouTube.  Now I have also used a Roku (and always wanted to like it), but it always felt experimental to me.  Roku's apps always had a hidden cost (in-app purchase) that wasn't apparent from download and I never felt secure with my purchases as to cancel recurring in-app charges many times was not straight forward.  With Amazon, payment is linked to my account and apps are purchased with-in Amazon's App ecosystem (model is similar to iTunes) so management of in-app purchases from third party apps is also through Amazon's ecosystem (Amazon covers this info here http://www.amazon.com/gp/feature.html?ie=UTF8&docId;=1000788541).So why four stars?  Well because I really wanted the voice search to extend beyond Amazon Instant Video app and I hope Amazon plans to carry this feature over so searches become universal. For example a &#34;voice&#34; search for &#34;zombie movies&#34; would provide results from Amazon Instant Video AND include Netfix, Hulu Plus, etc...I still use my Apple TV and Chromecast, but my Fire TV is the go to device in my household at the moment.
Got this for my guy for his birthday.  He's enjoyed it.  I mainly got it so he can watch all the shows he watches on Amazon Prime on our TV instead of on his computer.  We've not had it long, but it's been nice so far.  My only complaint is that like Apple TV, many movies we want to watch are for sale rather than rent.  I don't want to buy a 30 year old movie, I just want to watch it.
great, but would like the following improvements:1.  Would like a favorites tap, like your kindle fire HD tablet.Would like to be able to organize apps.2.  Would like more apps.Write now I have Roku players, Apple TV, gogo stick and cromecast stick.Gogo stick and cromecast is a wast of my money.Apple TV and Amazon Fire TV are simular, but Fire TV has a better proccessor.roku has more apps.If you had more apps, I would make my Amazon Fire TV my primary player.3.  Games believe will be better on Amazon Fire TV.But sucks with Amazon Fire remote.Recommend ship box with game remote and get rid of remote.I do not have game remote yet, but I believe it will work better.4.  Search needs a lot of improvements.Does not always understand what I'm saying and when I try to due text search it does not bring up key board.I believe this can be fixed with a software update or mybe I just do not know how to get keyboard up.
I am really surprised as to how well and how easy it is to use Amazon Fire TV. Also all the choices of different programing makes this an excellent choice to have in all homes.
I am so happy with our new Kindle Fire TV. It is exactly what I had been wishing for. Now I can share my Prime videos and TV shows with my family in our living room. The voice search command is superb. Along with access to Netflix and the other options, out TV choices went WAY up. &#128077;&#128077;&#128077;
I am waiting for HBO Go, PBS and other apps to become available. Otherwise, it is easy to use and opens up Prime Video and the search feature is great.
I bought this with every intention of returning it after trying it out. I tried really hard to find reasons to return it. I couldn't find enough to outweigh my love for this device. I sideloaded XBMC on my Fire TV and have been running all my networked videos through it. It does 1080p just fine.There are a few small gripes I have with the box, so you know it isn't perfect.* I can't get any other bluetooth input devices to pair. I want to use my mini bluetooth keyboard on it, but can't.* Because this is an android device there is the occasional program that will spontaneously crash for no reason.* The app selection is REALLY small.* No IR input so I can't use my universal remote (which powers all the rest of my devices). I like the bluetooth remote, but I really don't like having more remotes* Some apps will keep going in the background and the device won't go to sleep. I purchased this thing for its really low power consumption, so this is a (minor) drain on my electric bill.* The most recent update messed up the dual wifi. Videos that didn't buffer before are having streaming lag.
I get most of my videos from Amazon. So Fire TV seemed like a no brainer. Setup was really easy. I plugged it into the internet, and HDMI on the TV. When I turned on power the drive immediately began updating software. That continued for a short while. Then it was ready to go. The menu is really better than the internet menu for finding videos, music and TV shows. The voice search function works beautifully (much to my surprise!). The most incredible thing about Fire TV is the speed. It starts up immediately. Once I find a movie and rent or buy, it is ready almost immediately. When I go the movie to watch it the movie starts within no more than 2 - 3 seconds. Yes, seconds. How it can be so fast I can't imagine. There is none of the buffering nonsense I used to get. There is no stutter of any kind in playback. The picture quality has been good. If you watch a lot of your content through Amazon then this is the way to go.
I have a Roku 2 and Roku 3 and I loved them.  I have Chromecast and tested Apple TV. eh. The Fire TV is hands down the fastest and most powerful. It also has the dolby digital optical out which connects right into my amp.  The Fire TV is the best at combining all the various features (movies, channels, apps, music, pics) into 1 experience. The UX needs a bit of work as its easy to get lost with all the features (ex took me a while to figure out where to see what music app was currently active).  I also need a section for my most used stuff across features. I love how it uses standard Android Apps like Roku and others. (Big flaw of the fire is the Kindle Fire specific android versions of apps). All of the various services that amazon has are more neatly blended into this device than any other to date. It gives a good glimpse into the ecosystem that is coming together (albeit slowly).  Very cool.Short story is I can see how Amazon will be releasing software updates to this very powerful box incrementally improving the experience from good to great.
I have had the fire TV for about a month now and you do like it overall. I guess most of all I like the 1080 quality of some of the programming which I have seen. Having difficulties with hand coordination I do find that the remote is sometimes a little touchy and difficult for me to use. I am therefore hoping that some kind of Bluetooth keyboard arrangement might become available to use with the device. If it does, I will surely buy one.
I have plenty of streaming devices so I purchased this with the game controller to get more variety in video games.  I purchased it within a week of it being released so I've been using it a good 2 months.I started using this instead of my more expensive streaming devices (PS3, Wii U), and I really like it!  The form factor is really small so it doesn't take up much space.  The streaming is seamless (although I have had to deregister and register my device a few times because occasionally if something is on prime it defaults to me having to pay so beware of that but deregistering and registering it again works and Amazon is supposedly working on a fix for this bug).  It instantly starts streaming, no buffering on this baby, YAY!  I have used it for Netflix and Amazon Prime; I do not have Hulu Plus.Also, a bonus, which you might laugh at, is the screensaver.  I walked away from my fire TV and came back and the unit had gone into screensaver mode, which is awesome photos of scenic and architecturally interesting places around the world.  I was mesmerized by that so I started watching that for awhile.  I wish they had a little caption that told me where these places are.  A few I've recognized, but with them changing the photo every 5 seconds, with 20 minutes (240 pictures) they had not repeated!  I suggest streaming music and letting the screensaver run at the same time; it's awesome!  I'm at 32 minutes now and still no repeat photos LOL.The 4 stars instead of 5 is for having to deregister and register it over again occasionally.
I have several Roku devices of all flavors. The design of the Amazon Fire TV in comparison is nothing short of amazing. It has a lot of great features, and with a few enhancements, I do believe this device will be a game changer. Let me spell out the best parts for me, and tell you what I think needs to change.The good:1. It's fast. Really fast. Like instantaneous fast. My biggest gripe about the Roku is that it is slow.2. Voice search for Amazon Prime content. The voice search works, and it works really, really well.3. The setup is super simple. I plugged it in, and before I could think about the next steps, it was playing a video explaining how it works. My Amazon Prime account was already preloaded, so that extra touch was very nice.4. The remote is much better than the Roku. It is simple, and I don't need to fumble in the dark to find the button I need to press. The click wheel is perfect.5. Video quality is excellent. It appears to be using a progressive load, so the video starts almost immediately.6. Games. The hardware for this box will be the biggest thing to hit the market that I can think of. I will admit I am biased a bit because I am an Android developer, but the fact that building games will be a snap will bring mountains of content in the future. I am already designing my games to run on this device.7. YouTube. My Roku could not play Youtube videos without a hack. The YouTube app for this device is awesome.Needs improvement:1. As stated by many others, voice search only works on Prime content. Although the search works awesome, it needs to expand to other services (Netflix and Hulu Plus). Amazon Prime has quite a bit of content, but I don't want to have to hunt and peck my searches for those services. This may or may not be an Amazon issue, if the voice search is open for other providers. I'll need to do more research to see if they closed it off.2. SD rentals in Amazon Prime are hidden in &#34;Other Purchase Options&#34;. Sometimes I like to save a buck. I don't always care about watching a rental in HD, so burying that option is clearly a play for my money.3. The name of the movie title while browsing titles in Amazon content is WAY too small. There is a whole block of real estate under the horizontal gallery of videos. AMAZON PLEASE put the title for the content in bigger letters in that space. That will make the user experience so much better.I know I've only scratched the surface in my review, and likely I will find more features I love or hate in the weeks to come. I believe this device will be as big a hit as the Kindle Fire and its HD derivatives. I will be following it closely, and hope to have my games in the marketplace for this device in the very near future.
I like everything about the Amazon Fire TV except it is missing a way to change channels with one remote. I hope that is coming. At the time I didnt realize it was possible, but since bought a tv with google TV built in, and it controls everything from one remote.
I like the fire TV with the exception that the channels or apps are much more limited than the roku not sure if that is just because it's new and more will come later...otherwise the picture is exceptional and the remote is quite cool
I loved everything about the Fire TV except that the Amazon Cloud player wasn't on there.  It took a while for the update to load, but even that wasn't a problem. Even my Roku 3 can access my Cloud Player. I wish you would add this to Fire TV.
I love how small this box is and set up was a breeze and best of all I can talk to it and it listens!! What stopped me from giving it 5 stars though was 1. No volume control on the remote. I have a soundbar hooked to my fire tv, but I have to use the actual sound bar remote for volume control. Would have loved volume control/mute button of some sort. 2. Better parental controls. The parental settings are basically all or nothing. I wish I could block my kids from certain ratings such as pg-13 or R. If the parental controls are on for amazon prime tv you have to enter a pin everytime they watch anything! I'd like to put one of these in my sons room but not until they perfect that. Netflix uses a pretty good parental control. I'm really excited for the upcoming free time app for the fire tv. 3 more channels or apps would be nice but I'm sure those are coming.  Overall I love it just as I have loved the kindle fire tablets.
I love  it the box is small, it has most of everything I use. It just needs hbo go and Vudu and it would be perfect.
I love my fire tv but I do wish that there was a place were you can view the available prime only not everything and the buy on a separate viewing page. I understand why you do it but it would make so mush easier for your prime viewers. Like most people I am on a tight budget and can't always afford the pay movies. It would be nice if you can fix that some how.
I love this product. Alas, why can't I build my own play list?  It would be so much more amazing if I could make a list, check it twice. And let it play on and on and on.  Maybe it's just me but I love waking up to the show of my choosing. Sometimes I don't want to wake up to a screen saver and silence. Sometimes I want to set the fire to go off at a time of my choosing. I need these options. If you work for the fire department heed my words.  You can be the first to do this or the last.
I love this thing!  Not enough apps but I'm hoping they'll be added as time goes by. I hooked it up with no problems whatsoever. I downloaded the apps from amazon.com. (It was easier to find the apps all in one place.) Just searched &#34;fire tv apps&#34;. I'm very pleased.
I purchased the FireTV and Game Controller Remote to replace an ailing Roku box.  I liked the Roku, but at only 18 months old, I felt like I should have gotten more use out of it before it died, so looked for a different replacement.PROS:  The ability to play games is pretty cool.  It adds another platform where I can play Minecraft with my kids, which is nice.  The Fire TV is quick and the interface is elegant.  The remote is a good size, and voice search works well.CONS:  The lack of a Vudu app was a disappointment.  The Prime TV content is loaded into the main screen, with no separation between paid and free-with-prime content by default - this is a noticeable deficit from the PrimeTV app on Roku, where you could browse the free library without having to check if you're getting the paid or free version of a show.In short, for a new platform, it is very good and has few of the bugs I'd expect with a new release.  I'm cautiously optimistic that with a few updates, this will be a great platform.
I really like this nifty little media manager. We are slowly working our way toward getting rid of satellite TV due to cost, this little gadget is our first step. It was simple to set up and has been a breeze to use. Combined with our smart blueray, we have access to just about everything we could want beyond local TV. Of course, we can't get the paid programming such as Showtime & HBO, but its a small price to pay when you eliminate over $70/month in TV bills.I love that I can access You Tube videos. If they added web access so I can get the videos from the yoga websites I frequent it would be perfect! (maybe its there and I just haven't found it)The voice request feature works pretty good. I've used it in a room with other people talking and it picked up what I was saying correctly. We use it without frustration.I haven't had much problem with sound or picture - a little bit of voice/lip being off once in a while. When this happens I run it through my surround sound and it clears right up. It stopped once due to buffering, we were having a huge storm so I'm sure our satellite internet was struggling. Other than that our internet keeps up just fine, it's a medium speed package through a local provider. We don't limit any other usage while watching TV.* Since it has bluetooth, it would have been nice to be able to connect other bluetooth devices such as a keyboard.* I do not like that there isn't a power button.* As with many other reviewers, I've struggled a bit with prime vs. paid, but we are figuring it out and its not a deal breaker for me.* I do not like that many of the shows I want to watch with Hulu Plus are listed as web only through this device. Big bummer.* I do not have any opinion on games, not my thing.* Regarding all the different apps, I don't see the point of most and have been disappointed by a couple that ended up being preview type apps. This isn't a deal breaker either. Make sure you thoroughly read the description and reviews before downloading.
I really wish that that the audio search extended to apps like netflix.  Also, what is the usb port for?