5 Stars, great, wonderful, the best viewing you could have (would give 6 stars if they had it).I ordered the Fire TV on a Saturday, Amazon shipped on Sunday, and It got to my post office Monday; very fast delivery.  In fact all my Amazon prime mail has come fast so far.I was viewing my Amazon prime video on my PC through the browser, and the video quality was horrible, bad color, somewhat grainy (even though I have broadband at 10 mbs).  This was due to the fact that Amazon and my browsers (I.E., Firefox, or Chrome) would not use Silverlight (for whatever reason) but would only play using the flash player.When the Fire TV arrived I plugged into ethernet, HDMI, and it worked perfectly.  The TV box is very small and looks good.The difference in video quality was like night and day.  Again I had to view in a browser with flash player. If you were able to get Silverlight to work on your PC? then viewing may not be as bad as mine. But Fire TV video and sound quality is excellent, and the voice search also works very well.Now to a pet peeve; I kept hoping that Amazon would provide a Windows 8 app where I could view my Amazon prime (they do have one for the pay and rental of videos), but they never did.  Had I been able to get silverlight to work, or if there was an app, I most likely would not have purchased Fire TV, as I only want to watch my free Prime videos in somewhat decent quality.But I only have high praise for the Fire TV and the video quality.
Absolute beast of a machine have had it since the 18th of this month, its fast and resposive the internal specs make sure of that, love the fact that the remote feels great in the hand and uses blutooth...no line of sight needed how great is that? Now while content is missing I expect this to change, to folks complaints about how the everything is geared toward amazon ...duh its built by them of course they will want their content front and center.Picture quality and sound are great my only issue is I would like to see native app for the fire tv and not ports like Netflix and Flixster and flixster only streams my stuff in SD which sucks, voice search is fantastic and will be made available to other 3rd party apps later like netflix, other then that I do recommend getting this if you have been on the fence its small yet packs a punch you can't go wrong I'm very happy I purchased my fire tv.
Absolutely love having this!! I am able to watch my netflix and hulu without using my Wii which is on the other side of the house and I can watch my amazon prime movies. Its easy to use, easy to set up, and worth every penny
Absolutely love you! Love the voice feature! Love Amazon Prime movie and tv choices! The box is very small and light. I can not say enough about Amazon Fire TV.
After much consideration of the Amazon Fire TV and other streaming video products, we are so glad we went with this. Easy set-up, great choices of programming and movies, and the voice search works great.
After reviewing all the streaming products Amazon fire TV was the best by far! Easy set up, easy to run
After struggling with a Blue Ray player to watch Netflix, I finally said to heck with it and bought this gadget!  Easy to set up. Much easier and more reliable than the expensive Blue Ray player I had. This is one of the best purchases I have made this year. It offers more choices, but a manual is not included. That is the only thing I can say negative about it. It is so easy to use, that once you look through the instructions online, you do not need a manual.
After watching tv from an antenna the Fire TV is a great addition to our house. I like the variety offered, it was easy to set up and use. I am considering adding another fire for our other tv.
A gift to my daughter who loves it! She says it is easy to use and a great product is very happy,with it.
A great, all inclusive, full featured entertainment device. Extremely happy with my purchase. In my opinion this introduces features that should have been available to apple tv users years ago. BTW, we are still waiting. Thank you amazon!
A great gadget - got it, out of the box, hook up, connect to router - watch, listen, have fun.
All in all the Fire TV is a great product. It offers all of what I was looking for, plus I got a great deal on it so I could not pass it up. The only thing I really use the Fire TV for is to run my Plex Media Server. I have used other  the apps, and I did not run into any problems (knock on wood) thus far. I would recommend this product to anyone else. Of course your still going to hear reviews comparing this to the other similar products, but trust me this is just as good if not better than the others. The only thing I don't like, which is not a deal breaker for me is the voice command does not work on different apps. Hopefully this will get address in the near future.
All of the benefits of Amazon Prime streaming on my television!!!  This is very easy to install and I did need the HDMI cable (sold separately).  So many options it is hard to decide what to watch next!
Although I admit I am not a big tv/movie watcher, this is a great deal. One time purchase and then tons of free movies and tv shows. My daughter told me that if you couple this with a Hulu Plus account, you can say GOODBYE cable. (I have not been brave enough to do this yet though) :)
Although I haven't used it much yet, I am impressed.  Voice recognition works well.  Choice of Amazon movies and shows is excellent.
Amazing!!! Easy to navigate and control. Quick, with no delays. Also have Google Chromecast and I definitely prefer Amazon Fire TV over it.
Amazing product. It took all of about a minute to set up. I was really happy to see my video library show up and play flawlessly, Netflix is much easier to navigate than my previous blu-ray setup. Best entertainment money I've ever spent. Keep the great products coming.
Amazing streamer......works as promised....no problem loading and ready for immediate service.  love the microphone feature and ability to pulled up similar movies and genres.  Great price and bridges the gap between Roku and Apple TV....Highly recommend to anyone to give free look...you won't be disappointed.....
Amazon did well on this one.  Got this for my wife and she loves it.  I'm a techie and I love it.  Better than Apple TV.
Amazon does it again - better than the Roku or any other device on market.  Voice Search feature is the best.
Amazon Fire is amazing!  I love that I can pick what I want to watch , when I want with just using my voice.
Amazon fire is awesome. It replaced a Roku which I liked, but was constantly reloading. I do think having Prime is a necessity as individual episodes (TV) are expensive. Amazon passes do help if you are sure you want to watch the whole thing. My single criticism is that I have  a difficult time reading the print on the screen as it is so small. Would like to see  some type of magnification capability.Good job overall Amazon.
Amazon Fire is way better than Apple TV.  Love the voice activated search feature!  I highly recommend this product .  You won't be disappointed.
Amazon Fire sets up quickly and with ease.  Smooth streaming, no pauses, no audio problems.  Wish I had this long ago.  Highly recommend.  High all but most basic cable removed.
Amazon Fire TV is an amazing device that rivals or beats Apple TV. I've got multiple Apple devices and Apple TV's but also a member of Amazon Prime. I could only get the great Amazon Prime original programming and other tv shows through a smart tv at a weekend home. Apps and Kindle Fire HD brought me programming but I was looking for something to view Netflix AND Amazon Prime and Hulu Plus from the same device. I'm trying to cut cable bill so I gave Amazon Fire TV a try and it is great. Still have Apple TV on another tv, but Amazon Fire Tv gives me more options for tv viewing that I want from one device. It's a winner!
Amazon Fire TV is easy to set up and even easier to use.  It allows you quick access to new and old programs and movies by whatever search criteria you establish.  It can even be done by voice.  This user friendly system makes it much easier to find the entertainment you are in the mood to view.
Amazon Fire TV is great, I just love  all it can do and it knows my voice so well and give me what I'm looking for to watch as movies to Netflix to games to play, Amazon Prime and so much more in fun. A great buy at a price you like. 5 star winner in my book. Amazon and Fire TV are good friend together to have in your life in all the good ways.
Amazon Fire TV is great.  Was very simple to install and set up.  We've only used it with amazon prime and netflix so far and have had no problems with those apps.  Would definitely recommend.
Amazon Fire TV is perfect for my wife and I. Love every aspect of it including the watchlist.Well thought out and executed.Way to go Bezos!
Amazon Fire TV is the best set top box yet!  Fast quad core processor.  Brilliant HD.  Customizable!  Easy to use!  Love it!
Amazon Fire Tv offers great apps and very easy to use. It is a very small unit and very easy to set up.
Amazon fire with its 2 gigabyte capacity solved my problem with buffering that happened on my previous device. It also accesses my Prime selection way faster than the device I replaced. Another big plus is the ease of use, especially voice command with the listen mode.
Amazon has set a the bar very high with this content delivery unit.  Tried it to replace anApple TV unit and am impressed.  Extremely easy to set up, voice command is greatand streaming is flawless.  Only issue is the loss of the movies purchased via ITunes.
Amazon hit a home run with this little box.  I no longer will need to have my boxee + roku connected to my TV.
Amazon knocked it out of the park with this baby! I have the Fire TV hooked to our screaming fast 1.5 mb T-1 line. I was concerned that it would not work, due to the lack of "speed" that my internet connection offers. Sadly, T-1 is all we can get in my neck of the literal woods, so it has to do.Anyways, the Fire TV was a breeze to set up, truly plug and play. Grabbed my wifi signal off of our Apple Airport network with ease, very compatible. Welcome screen loaded very quickly, I was very surprised. First show I watched on Prime, again, loaded right up! I was watching a movie in seconds. We have a 2nd gen AppleTV, and it would take an hour over the same network before we could watch anything. The Amazon Fire TV was broadcasting immediately, I could not believe this.If you have a slow internet connection, over 880 baud, as I did get that message once, the Fire TV should work for you. Kudos to Amazon, they did this right.
Amazon prime member , Netflix , You tube , and more like to watch what I want when I want . Very easy to set up
Amazon scores another winner with a great product. Many other reviews are out there regarding specs and personal experience with the Fire TV, so I will just say we are a super happy family using the Fire TV.
Amazon TV is a great product. I don't buy first editions of electronic gadgets because they always have a bug or something missing. But as a TV viewer for 50 years Amazon TV delivers right out of the gate. They hit a home run.
...and have not even scratched the service of what it can do. We primarily got it so we could get Netflix - and I honestly had no idea all the other 'things' it could do. I won't lie, my son hooked it up for me, but it did seem super easy. I do wish the small, slim remote was neon green or shocking pink because it is really easy to lose track of,even when it's RIGHT THERE in front of you on the coffee table, let alone when it has slipped between couch cushions. I apologize to anyone looking for technical details, but I am clearly not the person for that sort of thing. We are still playing around with it, but would not hesitate to recommend it, particularly to the technically challenged.
And so far I like it very much!  Great picture and sound and many choices from other application. Also seem very easy to use and, for a non-tech guy like me it was easy to set up.  Would have been good to include a cable for connection (or at least strongly recommend to buy one from Amazon when purchasing Fire)--I had to go to store to buy one and a 3 foot cable cost me $25-----lost revenues to Amazon and inconvenient for me.  I lost a day of usage.  But, overall, an excellent product!,
A new experience for me. I am watching television more than ever. My new Amazon Fire is a good thing to have if you like movies. I would recommend this.
AppleTV has been left behind with this wonderful new gadget by Amazon. Amazon fire TV is fantastic because you can search by voice and say things like the directors name, a movie title, or actors names and get immediate feedback on what's available not only through prime but also for purchase or rental. You can pay forward in $20 installments and it cost the same as the Apple TV. I still have AppleTV my living room, but I now have the Amazon fire TV in my bedroom, and it has become my easiest way to watch films, to do searches and to get going. I wonderful gadget and easy to install, so easy that my kid installed it quickly.
as advertised. voice recognition super ! most amazon prime shows not free - tv shows in last year for example.
As a prime member I can't think of a better way to get my content onto my tv.  The addition of HBOtogo, netflix and Hulu plus makes this almost completely capable of replacing my cable.  The games included through amazon are just a bonus.  Maybe I'll stop buying xbox games too!
As a professional in the home theater business I have tried a lot of streaming devices. None can match the performance and ease of the Fire.  The wireless RF remote is great.  You have to get one of these if you stream video very often.
As a single lady and not too tech savy, I was able to instantly install and watch all the great movies and TV programs I had been missing.  Amazon Fire is awesome.
As long as Amazon allows you to side load apps with this thing it is amazing I have access to prime video when I need it and than with xbmc installed I now can finally cut the cord. I don't even need my htpc anymore
as promised- I have Roku- apple tv and a smart samsung tv-  amazon fire tv is the easiest to use and a snap to set up!  bye bye cable you are history....
As soon as received it I added XMBC to give easy access to all of my local shared files Nas and other wise. The unit itself is working great. They have really hit it out of the park on this one:)
As soon as the Dish TV promotion I have expires, we are going to go back to just &#34;over the air&#34; for our local TV.  With the combination of Amazon Fire and Amazon Prime membership, we are covered with more quality TV than we can watch!
As you expected from Amazon, the Fire TV is user oriented, very easy to install and use, I highly recommend it
Attractive layout, simple and easy to set up. Heaps better than my Apple TV, a few more channels and an update to the latest Netflix app and this will beat the pants off my Roku 3 too.
A very nice product as it is easy to use and was easy to install.  I do recommend this to your customers.
A very user-friendly device which is well worth the  cost.it installs in minutes and works faster and cleaner than my smart TV.I was quite surprised with the lightning  fast response of the voice activation...of course,being supported by amazon,it is especially nice with prime membership-truly this device is a delight:-) ..a welcome addition to the  fire family.
Awesome.  Buy this now.  Best set top box out there.  Games. Apps movies oh my.  Super good.  I love it.
Awesome easy to use and operate. Needs more apps but all in all great product. Best internet receiver easy hookup
Awesome Game / Book AWESOME At the only way to go back and forth to go back and forth between a little bit more than one million dollars for me.
Awesome is all I can say.  I'm an old man, so I was nervous about my lack of techno savvy; but found this quite simple.  I must admit that I do miss paper instructions and that I'm still learning this device.  We got it so we could watch Prime & Netflix streaming videos on our big screen ..........and that's awesome.  The voice command works!  It's cheap:  buy it!
Awesome product.  I am so glad I purchased this.  Very easy set up too.  Very reasonably priced.  It is a great item!
Awesome.  Small and compact. It blends right in with the tv stand.  I have no problems with it.  Easy to use
Awesome! So easy to hook up. All you need is an HDMI cable and WiFi.  Now watching something on Netflix or Hulu or a movie is just like changing a channel. I love it!
Awsome I love it best purchase I made so far I recomend it very high speed great apps very easy to use  :)
Before I got this I had the google chromecast, and I definitely like this over the chromecast since you can stream what you want without having to connect a kindle to it (but if you do the experience is even better), I would definitely recommend this to anyone who want to start streaming media to their tv, and is looking for a great option
Before this I was streaming TV and movies using a Samsung Blu Ray player with wireless connection.  It was adequate usually, but sometimes streaming was interrupted and I would have to wait and try streaming whatever I  was watching later.  Then I saw the Amazon Fire TV commercials and decided to try it.  It is exactly as advertised.  Better picture quality and sound than I was been used to.  Also closed caption was much much better and best of all no streaming interruptions.  The one good feature you won't find anywhere else is the search function.  The voice activated search feature actually works.  I have not stumped it yet.  It is amazing.  Excellent product and works exactly as advertised.  Highly recommend it.
Being able to tell the remote what your looking for is just the icing on the cake.I canceled Netflix 2 dats after installing.
Best money can buy. The device does what Amazon say it can do. The device is easy to install and easy to cooperate.  Cable tv, watch out Amazon Fire T.V. can save you money.
Best money I have spent in a long time, especially if you have Wifi and are already an Amazon Prime subscriber!Intuitive, and easy to use, and I am not a youngster.
Best packaging I have ever seen. Neatest fit for everything. Easy install and start up. Works great. Just wish there was an option to only see free shows and movies.
BEST PRODUCT I HAVE SPENT MONEY FOR! I have no complaints, its fast, smooth, and I never have any interrupted freezes or issues when viewing anything on here.
best thing since cable tv - better than Comcast and direct tv - only problem the newest movies take to long to be seen
Best voice recognition program I've ever worked with.
Bought it to complete my Prime account and have not regret my purchase. Although it is currently under my AppleTV, I use it more thanks to ASAP.PLEASE MOVE ASAP INTO THE KERNEL.  Other than Amazon own, the unit does buffer.It is outstanding however just wish amazon would let us tune the box.I don't play games I play netflix prime and Hulu plus and it is the perfect player for them.Please make more updates. It ain't perfect yet but you are getting there.
Bought my Amazon Fire to take better advantage of Prime video and my wife's Netflix account. It's great! Easy to set up, the voice search works really well. Love the simplicity and for us it was the perfect way to add streaming media to our main TV.
Bought this as a gift for my grandparents. They aren't tech savvy but seem to have gotten the hang of this with no issues. The voice search makes everything a lot easier and they really enjoy their apps. They're still waiting on the WWE app to come to this device but other than that, everything works like a charm!
Bought this because my HDTV did'nt have the WiFi apps.  Love this thing. I even use the voice feature and at first I thought it was a dumb feature
Bought this on impulse, as my Kindle's battery is dying, and had been contemplating replacing it.Pros: Beautiful picture, looks equally sharp on my 29&#34; desktop 1080 tv and on the neighbor's 50&#34; 1080 (tried it just to see, and for bragging rights over their Roku). The remote is very easy to use (voice search works very well). No latency, no digital artifacts (using LAN, not wireless). Accessed all of my previous Kindle video history and added it to my playlist automatically. Like that it can access Netflix and the other services. Fun to invite friends over to share their subscriptions. Not a gamer, so nothing to add there.Cons: Nothing so far, other than it's a little hard to separate the Prime &#34;free&#34; streaming from the rentals - another menu row to add, maybe?I like that the platform looks open to add new features (email and web access? Keyboard and mouse control? Stream from my Windows Home Server?). Hope so.
buying amazon fire tv is great to watch my prime shows. During football season it is especially great while my husband watches football on other tv.....
Bye bye cable plenty to watch at better price and no commercials. Easy hook up, small footprint,great value.Money well spent
By golly..... Finally a device that is so easy to use and install. Love love it.  Great price and user friendly. Very happy with my purchase. The voice command is awesome , thanks for a great product.  Buy it you won't be sorry. One satisfied Amazin customer :-)
cant beat it for the price  you can sideload plenty of existing android apps.  I personally like to enjoy old school console games on my fire tv
Combined with our Amazon Prime membership we have become dedicated tv viewers in a short time. Amazon Fire Tv is an excellent device, and well worth the investment.
Cool. Fast. Voice search work like a charm. If you are an Amazon Prime member it only makes sense to have one because of the thousands of movies that you can stream for free. I also understand that in the near future Amazon may be starting a streaming music service that will also be included for free.
Could have called it Kindle TV, maybe add DLNA, personal media player and or reader app.  Still LOVE this device
Coupled with my Amazon Prime account, added Netflix, this thing is awsome!  Super easy to install.  I did have to add a HDMI hub as my TV only has 2 HDMI ports.  The voice search function works surprisingly well and is also very easy to use.  I can't wait to see what they start adding for functionality.  Right now the games are a little sparse, but I'm not a big gamer anyway.
Currently, Amazon Prime is the only movie service I use and I had been accessing it through a smart, Samsung Blu Ray player.  It worked ok, but was a little slow and seemed to fight me when I tried to access the Amazon site, so I thought I would give the Amazon Fire a shot.  I love it.  It's lighting fast and, as expected, I can navigate all over the Amazon site with ease, and the voice command is a great feature.  I have not tried to access any other sites, so I have no comment there, and I'm currently not really interested in any other movie sites.
Debated between Mac TV and Fire. having Prime membership offering me over 45k movies and shows. plus the ability to rent or buy film made this purchase a no-brainer. Think of buying on for the TV in the den. Making me rethink my cable programing.
Delivered as promised right out of the box, first try. 10 times easier to use than Apple TV or Netflix.  Found everything I looked for quickly and easily.
Delivers a very good picture & sound! You should give it a try. It is very small and compact. Love it.
Device came already registered since I'm an Amazon Prime customer. Plug in the power and the HDMI cable (not provided) and a couple of minutes later you are watching movies. There is never a buffering delay and the picture quality is great. I am very satisfied.
Dish and Direct could learn a thing or two from Amazon about response time for the guide operations.  This thing sails I think they have the basic operations down pat.  The remote works great and I even like the voice ops., although it took a few trials to capture my east Tenn. southern twang it works as advertised.  The box will be great when the content is expanded to some of the other services. I splurged and bought the whole package TV box, game controller, cables and all.  My hope is that in time this thing will help cut, at least,some of the cable, satellite expense.
Does what Amazon describes, and has many intriguing options for viewing, from the apps to Amazon Prime selections in both tv and movies. Good feature of providing related titles to ones you like, most of which are dead-on.
Dumped my cable TV and will NOT look back! This unit works great and is fun to use. What more could you ask?
Ease of use, switches it self to the correct HDMI input.  Love the Voice searchBlends in well with my TIVO System
Easy hookup works great does everything it's supposed to do. I used it to watch ESPN three on Sunday on my big screen and it was perfect
easy set up - getting used to it was easy - just need more time to view thing on it
Easy set up. Paired up with my WiFi on the first attempt. Picture quality is as good as my DirecTV. The voice search is a neat feature and helps bring up movies and shows that you may not have heard of before.For those who are technically challenged, have no fear the initial setup and operation are intuitive and fast. After the initial setup the unit will download the latest software for the unit which takes a little bit of time. When the software is updated, you are ready to go and experiment with the unit and find a movie or show to watch.
Easy set up, works flawlessly!I have it in my office lobby, plug it in, use a HDMI cable, ensure your wireless works, log in to your accounts, and that's it! Great for Amazon Prime, Netflix, Hulu, etc. Would highly recommend it for work, home, school, etc. I've already ordered more!
Easy setup! Works great! We are very happy with quality of programing available and the simple use of the menu.
Easy to connect and operate. I love it. It was delivered quickly and it's small so it does add a lot of clutter around the tv.
Easy to hook up.  The voice feature is great!! Lots of shows, movies, games to choose from.  Glad I purchased this!!
Easy to hook up. Voice search works well, picture and sound quality is very good. Optical output is nice to have as well.
Easy to install and operate. Very simple instructions. I can see why the TV fanatics think it is too simple, but for the average viewer it does everything you need. If you just use amazon and netflix content, it's perfect. And the voice search seems to work very well. If you have a kindle fire, a smart tv and this box, you may never leave your home again!
Easy to install, great interface and love the speech search function.  Easier to use than my Apple TV box and has lots to offer.
Easy to set up and easy to use.  Voice search works great!  Excellent product with all the features we need.
Easy to setup and great choices. I also have an Apple TV and tried Chromecast , I would call it a tie but with Amazon you get free movies if you are a Zprime account
Easy to setup and use.  Love the voice search feature.  It even automatically changes my tv input as soon as I hit the home button so I don't have to select the correct tv input to use the fire tv first.
Easy to setup and use. Streams video better than my xBox or Blu-Ray player. Small foot print you hardly notice it sitting there next to TV. I would recommend it to anyone.
Easy to setup and use.  Very strong wifi reception-even picks up neighbors signal who lives a good 100 yards from me.
Easy to set up in less than five minutes. Very fast switching and downloading. Best feature for me is voice search. That feature opens new worlds because it saves so much time searching for things you would not have before. I use it with my Samsung Smart TV. It is smarter and faster. Also, much easier to use than my Apple TV.
Easy to set up; literally plug it in, download the apps wanted, and go. No software installation. No issues-so far. Incredibly user friendly interface. The only thing I am slightly pissed about is the fact that my signature/someone answering the door wasn't required when the package was delivered, a $100 piece of equipment was just left on my doorstep. Other than that, I'm quite happy with it!
EASY to set up. took 10 minutes MAX. I have had Prime for a long time and never used the free video rental feature; now i will.Buy the HDMI Cable from Amazon (about $7.00), it is not included.
Easy to setup, voice search really works, love it. I prefer this to Apple Tv or Roku. Very happy with my purchase.
Easy to use and lots of features. All you need is lots of time to watch.  There is so much you can do with this machine.
Easy to use, loads very quickly, simple to install, great selection. This streams better than my Xbox One and the search functionality on the fire works 10 better. I bought one for my mom and one for my dad and both of them have no problem using them without tech support from their son (Amazon made this thing really easy). The games are fun and I've been playing sev0 over titan fall on my Xbox because it is fun and challenging (disappointed with titan fall). This has taken a lot of friction out of my movie watching experience and I love the benefits of Prime. Highly recommend
Everything it said was correct, so easy to use and the voice control is awesome. The others will have to a lot of work to get close to this product as it blew the competition away in all aspects.
Everything's great about this "Clicker".To be able to say "Quest for Fire" into the Amazon Fire "clicker" and have it appear from out of nowhere in 3 seconds, ready to play with a single click of a button is simply amazing.  (It's an old, old favorite movie of mine that I never though would even be available online, nor would I have any idea how to find it with old-fashioned "type-in-your-target" methods.)And it gets better and better, as more and more movies and TV shows are added to the "Available Free with Amazon Prime" categories.  We watch nothing else now.  Amazon Prime and Amazon Fire TV work amazingly well together; and I'm a computer expert, so I recognize what the implications of such things are.I cancelled my Roku order I had outstanding at the time of  the Fire announcement, and it's the best thing I've done in a year or two.Buy it; enjoy it; tell others about it.  Even the slide show it plays when things are quiet are great.(Now: all I can hope is that I don't get sued for anything I've said here: this is my last comment on purchased products for that reason: I can't afford legal entanglements at my age . . .or any other age for that matter!
Exceeded my expectations. I'm gong to buy one for my son.
Excellent Choice. Ms. D and I each got one! It provides the freedom of choice. Each can watch our fav movies from whichever venue we choose. Likewise for music streaming and game playing. The Amazon Fire TV is like finding a Treasure Chest on your backyard everyday! Ms. D rated it as Awesome! This gadget is the total package! It arrived after four days of placing the order, well packaged, and with easy to set up instructions. The Amazon Fire TV has revolutionized home entertainment. Good bye greedy Cable and Satellite companies, as soon as my contract is up: to the curb side. With Amazon Fire TV I have all I need and want for the whole family. We can even have a slide show of our family vacations pics. It is the whole package!
Excellent for using Netflix.  Just finished viewing West Wing 7 season series.  Simple to install and use.  Must better than Google Chrome for me.
Excellent, it was a gift for my dad and he loved it. I cant complain. Excellent product! High quality! Thanks
Excellent product! Bought this because we are in an RV Resort with public wifi so we cannot use our Tivo, and the cable they offer is just the basic channels, no premium channels. Cable company will not upgrade jn the park because RV'ers in the past have just left and taken the cable companies DVR with them. Amazon Fire TV allows us to get Netflix. Hulu. and with our Amazon Prime membership also has a ton of movies we can watch included! Very pleased with our purchase, and was VERY simple to set up, just plug and play.
Excellent product. Loved the voice recognition. It makes it easy to search for movies or tv show. I would recommend it to all my friends.
Excellent product to expand your  TV watching choices.  Purchased to watch House of Cards on Netflix. Well worth it just for this content alone.
Fantastic!!  Fire TV works as advertised.  My Prime account was pre-programmed, the voice search works like a charm and navigating is easy. For a non-tech person like me I was concerned about set-up, but it was a breeze. The greatest difficulty I had was opening the battery casing on the remote.
Fantastic love it will buy another
Fantastic picture quality on HD. Less buffering/pausing on certain Hulu programs than my Roku 3. The voice search makes finding shows/actors a snap. Remote control is easier to grip & feels more comfortable than the Roku 3 remote control.
Fast and easy to use. Setup could not be easier, the voice search works very well and returns searches almost instantly.
Finally a &#34;toy&#34; which actually recognizes my voice...and my husband's voice.  This was very easy to connect to the television - took about 5 minutes and we were good to go.  I love that I was able to add my personal pictures to the screen and make it default to showing personal photos when not in use.  There's a large selection of TV shows, movies and games available and, in conjunction with my Amazon Prime account, many of them are free.  I am currently working my way through all 8 seasons of &#34;The Closer,&#34; and my husband is working his way through old episodes of &#34;The Walking Dead,&#34; or some such nonsense.  I am hoping that as time goes on more shows will be offered for &#34;free,&#34; and that Amazon will add some newer movies but for now, this is quite enjoyable and easy to operate.  If you have Amazon Prime you do have to be a little careful about how you &#34;order&#34; things to watch - make sure you hit &#34;Watch with Amazon Prime&#34; or you will be charged for your show.  I made the mistake of not doing so but Amazon very graciously credited my account when I told them of my blunder.
Finally able to reduce that cable bill! Love the voice search feature! Has come in handy many of times! Slim and sleek design and love the remote! (Clearly the important stuff.)
Finally, a box that's easy to use and open to many inputs. ALMOST as beautiful as the Apple product and speech recognition is very good.
Finally, Amazon gets it right. Rather than rushing another weak copycat to market, they've learned from the mistakes of their competitors. Fire TV is a winner -- easy to set up, easy to navigate and the clear choice for media streaming.I could spend the whole weekend playing with this great new toy!
Finally, thanks to Amazon Fire TV, I am no longer limited to what I want to watch.  It was simple to install. The remote control is easy to use. Now i have the chance to be selective at my pace, not the cable company's pace.  Thank you Amazon.
Finally we can easily watch Prime Instant Videos and Amazon Instant Videos in our living room.  Voice search works great.
Fire TV does what Amazon promised. That says a lot for the company and the product! I look forward to watching what I want, when I want.
Fire Tv from amazon is fantastic. Cant wait for the update soft so my music can be down loaded from the cloud. Being a prime member makes Tv Tv even better.
Fire TV is a must for anyone with a prime membership. It is so easy to set up, streams extremely fast and has loads of content. I can't wait till future updates make it even better. I'm watching less and less cable now and am getting spoiled by fire tv.  Watch out Fios.  Amazon Fire tv is changing the way we watch tv.
Fire TV is a small package with plenty of functionality.  It loads fast, picture quality is on par with any HD output. Navigation via remote is good, voice commands works well also.  Wish Amazon would release more Prime content, especially if they plan on increasing Prime membership fees.
Fire TV is easy to setup and very user friendly. It does what I need and I'm looking forward to additional apps.The one app. I miss and hope to see is the Amazon Cloud music player. I'm also hoping for the History Channelapp. The only problem I had was with my Linksys WiFi. I failed to add Fire to the allowed list and couldn't get mypassword to be accepted. All in all it's a very good device.
Fire TV is great.  Effectively turns a regular HDTV into a &#34;smart&#34; TV.  Thinking about picking up another.  Have recommended to family members and friends.
Fire TV opens the door to a plethora of possibilities and it's very portable...use it on any tv in the house in just minutes.
Fire TV was delivered before I got home, one of the kids had it set up in a few minutes and we love it.
Fire TV works fantastic.  I play my Netflix, Hulu, and Amazon Prime movies through it.  The microphone search in the remote control works great... and you can play games!
First a device I couold hook up by myself, easy not at all complicated.  The menu is clear and concise.The selections are equal if not better to other products, anmd services out there.
First, I love the Fire TV. I have two of them and would have four but I bought two Smart Visio TV's from Amazon.That said, I need to be able to have multiple credit cards listed so I can bill movies to anothr account. How do I do that?
First it has Amazon Prime, big deal to me. The remote has voice search. If you have ever tried to search for a show my inputting letter on a scroll wheel, this will be a God send. It picked up and learned my voice almost immediately. Can't tell you what a time-saver this is. Plus the remote is study. I have an Apple TV, and that remote is worthless.I wish though we could take the best of the navigation of Netflix, Apple TV, and Amazon and combine them. All three have functionality that drives me crazy. The days of Blu Ray are coming to an end. For $99, well worth the investment.
First I want to say about the only downside, and it's currently temporary, is the usb port.  It is not active, but if you think about it, why did they include one?  Eventually, with a firmware upgrade, is all it would take to activate it.  It's just a matter of time.My TV has a lot of these internet addons.  I have a Roku 2, Apple TV 2, and a computer with XBMC installed on it.  The Roku and the Apple TV are very similar to the Fire TV, various apps, Netfilx, Hulu Plus etc.  The Apple TV 2 and the Fire TV have the distinction of being able to have XBMC installed on it.  With the much larger ram capacity and faster processor, the Fire TV runs the apps, and especially XBMC, much faster and smoother.My favorite box is the Fire TV, especially for how it runs XBMC.  It runs it smoother than on my computer.
First of all, I absolutely LOVE Amazon.com.  They are easy, reasonable, fast, and superior.  Secondly, I am just amazed at the quality of the Amazon Fire TV box.  It is so consumer-friendly!  It starts with movies and TV shows that are similar to what you have ordered in the past.  And then, if you want something in particular, you can search with just an actor's name, or the name of a show, or even the name of a character in a show.  I am so impressed.  I love, love, love it!
For my purposes, the amazon fire tv is perfect. Quick and easy set up, easy search features and prime content available. I will mainly use it for amazon and netflix. I love the voice search. I wish that the amazon on my smart tv worked this fast!
For such a tiny box, so much to offer. We are getting the most out of our Prime membership with this. Along with the other features, This is one of the best buys I have done in a while.
For those of us, who have gone through one TV box after another, looking for a decent, to good, operating device... Your looking is over. Not only is the fire decent, to good, it's excellent. In speed, quality of picture, and ease of operation, this little box can't be beat. I'm so glad, that I found it.Add in Amazon Prime, and it's an affordable, great deal. I have no problem in giving this game changer... the very best recommendation to you.
From being able to watch ALL of the Soprano series for FREE to all of the other options.... I LOVE MY AMAZON FIRE TV!!!  :)
From package to first tv show was about twenty minutes.  No glitches, no buffering, and set up was a breeze.  Easy to navigate, find your shows, and purchase more programs.
Gave my ROKU away and went to this.  Its incredible for me. i have Hulu Plus,  netflix and amazon prime.the talking and finding movies by title or actor etc wow
good job, inexpensive and very capable device. very happy with functionality, performance and apps.I hope they continue good work in adding more apps.
Good purchase to begin the process of &#34;weening&#34; off those overpriced cable carriers. Amazon did a good job in making this sleek and very easy to use. The content is also very good and growing. I like the Bloomberg TV and all the available documentaries. I can also utilize my Prime membership to view tons of movies on my large screen TV (finally). We have google chrome but its only good for streaming web pages and youtube. The Fire TV gives you tons of content, quickly and easily which are included in your Prime membership. Note: I recommend upgrading your wireless router. It definitely helps if you have a up to date modem and wireless router. Comcast usually will upgrade your equipment if you haven't done so in a few years and use Amazon to research and order a new dual band wireless router. I recommend Cisco or Netgear.
Got the world of video at my command. Cool product with great performance. Great way to compliment Amazon Prime subscription.
Got this for my. Mom and she loves it!!  Best investment we have made in awhile. I highly recommend it.
Got this for my mom she loves this thing easy to operate user friendly didn't have to explain much to her at all.
Got this last week and can't stop raving about how awesome this little invention is.  It's interface is very similar to Plex, which organizes all of your personal media , so it was fairly easy for me to navigate.  The quality is excellent and I haven't had any glitches with the wifi connection and the Amazon Fire TV.  So far it's a great addition when you don't want to build a media center or have a computer to host Netflix, movies, etc...
Got this set up in 5 min and we were watching it right after. My 6 year old can maneuver through all the options to watch or play whatever he wants. Really like this. Totally worth the money.
got to get Prime but it's worth it....  Plenty of apps (Need MLB TV)  Some draw backs but they can be overcome.  Use Chromecast for the MLB but Fire TV for all the rest.  Keep improving the system, not re-issue a Fire TV 2!
Great advance in products.Fast, functional and compact.Does all as advertised and better than expected.Really liked the Voice command search!Well worth the price and more!
Great device but not ss much content as roku. Hopefully amazon will get their actually in gear a.nd it wll be succeszful
Great device.  Easy to setup and immediately use for viewing.  You must have a compatible TV for use with this device.
Great device!  Mothers Day gift to my wife.  Very happy lady.  She is enjoying the features.  We are PRIME members, too.
great everything we wanted and more.easy hookup and operation.lust talk and watch your favorite movies.Easy to find movies and series
Great product and good content from Amazon and other providers. Both unit and remote have frozen up a couple of times, but cycling power resolves the problem.
Great product, easy to use.  I was surprised that one did not have to activate the voice section by reading out sentences.  It worked on my fit command.
Great product that just worksEasy to use and voice search is a great feature to find content.Only wish there were more new movies on Prime
Great product. Voice search is easy to use. Easy and fast to connect and start using. We are really enjoying it.
Great product- well designed, easy to navigate and the remote is great! Love this product and would reccomend it over its competitors.
Great purchase easy to setup and use, the children love it and it is so easy for them to use. Very happy with my purchase and recommend this to any one who loves to watch movies.
Great search tool without having to type in selections. I have to say its more like a Roku on steroids. Easy to navigate easy with great interface.
Great technology for the price, easy set up. Nice to have both Netflix plus Amazon streaming, along with some free games.
Great tool, replace my Apple TV just to give this a try.  Runs great with Plex and streaming netflix, amazon, and hulu plus.  Really fast and no problems at all!  Highly recommended.
great voice command to take you to the move you want also easy set up and right on to you accountand move
GREAT WAY GOT WATCH AND FIND BY YOUR VOICE ANYTHING YOU WANT TO WATCH. IF YOU HAVE AMAZON PRIME, MANY, MANY MOVIES AND TV SERIES ARE FREE.
Had Apple TV and it was great. When this came out and I saw the features it beat apples by far. Still use apple for my mac but now all media is with this.
had the apple. after 2 of them we decided to switch to the amazon fire.  Its been awesome....my wife loves the ease of use..
Had this for about a week now.  Set up was incredibly easy. It took longer to open the box than it did to hook it up.  We love it even though there are a few shows we will be missing but I think supplementing with Netflix or hull will solve that problem and will still be cheaper than cable.
Had tried streaming video through Samsung Smart TV, but this is much better.  Voice search works well.  Loading speed very good, no signal loss as of yet.  Games are fun, and we ended up getting the controller even though we hadn't planned to.  Looking forward to having music added as well.  Honestly we're using the Fire TV a lot more than we had expected to.
Had trouble streaming Amazon movies through Wii and then got the Amazon Fire TV and all my troubles went the way of the Dodo bird! It does what they said it would do and it is user friendly. Very easy to set up. Takes very little room and I am very pleased!
Have a Roku and it is a few years old. So while I must say this Amazon Fire is slick, it is newer with more features than Roku. But it was easy to connect. I entered my Netflix ID wrong and it took a little reading to figure out how to change it. WiFi connecting was easy and the speed seems faster than my Roku . Not sure why because it is the same WiFi.
Have a Samsung Smart TV and I was never able to get the 'smart' part of it to work as advertised.  It was very slow and aggravating.  My son has a Roku, and loves it; I'm a big fan of Amazon Fire products, so had to get this.  As many have said, it's VERY snappy performance-wise.  Biggest disappointment is selection of prime movies and TV shows, which could and should be improved.  But for the investment, it's a winner.
Haven't used this but a couple of times but it was so easy setting up and to use. Seems to pick up Wi-Fi better than the other I had. So far so good.
Have only had it 1 week so far it is working out great. and picture is real clear .I love how the scenery shows during the time you have it paused.Have had no problems as of today.Julia jones
Have resisted acquiring similar products because of an old guy's dread of additional electronic complications. Seemed simple in reviewers comments however (set-up and use) and--- it was. I was prepared for at least a few minutes of download (like Ebooks) but to my surprise I requested &#34;Flyboys&#34; and it was available immediately. Amazing! Both &#34;the box&#34; and the movie. My only other use so far has been a thing called &#34;Guilt Trip. A truly horrible movie - but, can't blame &#34;the box&#34; for that can we!
Having 1 Apple TV, 1 Chromecast, 4 streaming BluRay players & 3 various Roku's devices to compare against the Amazon Fire TV, I have determined the Fire TV is far superior in performance.  It has a more powerful CPU, more RAM & more storage than any other streaming device in my collection.  It's worth every penny of the $99 i spent for it.  It will be even better when they start streaming HBO.
Having gotten used to spending a few hours figuring out how something fits and then a few more on how to make it work....this was a joy. Plugged into HDMI, it found itself and we were off. Nothing to learn nothing to read ...it juts works. Well done Amazon if ly Apple were this good.
Hello to all.For me is an excellent device if you consume services from Amazon Digital (Music, Videos and Games).It seems to me a good product, in fact I recommend it, as long as you make frequent use of Amazon services.Among the things that catch my attention is that we should not really expect to load the movie, I do not understand how, but it's great.There is fun to play and control games helps the gaming experience.Miracast works great, but yes, do not connect the Kindle FireTV and HDX via a repeater, both devices must be connected to the router.Thank you.
Here are some comparisonsApple TV: this is a great product for your apple products it has a low processing power and might take a minute to load you shows or videos. There are no free tv shows/movies to watch in the iTunes StoreAmazon Fire TV: the fire tv looks great very thin but slightly larger than the Apple TV. I hardly notice mine. It has a vast App Store and games you can play on the tv. You get a free trial of amazon prime which gives you access to thousands of free tv shows and movies!
Hooking this up is so easy, 1-2-3, instructions are simple, theres a video in the beginning, but you don't even need that either.Amazing, works great!  Nice job Amazon
Hooray, hooray!  Lots of free (or low cost) movies and TV and no commercials!  This is a good value product.
I absolutely love it!  As a person who has 2 Apple TV's and 2 Roku's I can say I like say currently I like the Fire TV the best. It's fast, very easy to use and I really like the layout.
I absolutely love my amazon fire tv  because I have such a slow internet speed in my bedroom that my amazon,  or hulu  plus comes in very slowly but with my amazon fire tv it comes in great even better than on my smart tv in my living room and i love the voice activation
I absolutely love my fire tv player.  I boots up instantly and is easy to use.  My only complaint is the netflix app is nowhere as easy to use as the wii was.  I would also like more recommendations tied to my interests.  Keep up the great work amazon
I already had a Google Chrome but was frustrated by not being able to view Amazon Video on my TV. This also doesn't take as long to fill the buffer. I'm impressed.
I already had  Amazon Prime instant video.  The Amazon Fire Tv was a perfect companion.  It was easy to set up and offers ease in accessing  everything that is available.  The help feature explained to me that I did have to turn it off that it timed out after 30 minutes.  I m looking forward to new and recently picked up original Amazon shows.
I also have an Apple TV, but I wanted to see what Amazon had to offer.  I was not disappointed.  The video quality is excellent, and the apps are numerous.  I especially like that I can watch Prime movies on it, as I can't on the Apple TV.  The remote is excellent, I don't have to point it at the unit, as it's a wi-fi remote (I think).  The extra thing the Fire TV does that the Apple TV doesn't is play games.  I'm not an avid gamer, but my son is, and he loves it.  One thing I'm missing on it is an HBO GO app, but perhaps soon, Amazon or HBO will add one.  As a programmer, I'm happy that I can develop apps for the Fire TV with my favorite development tool, Embarcadero Delphi and C++Builder.  In all, a very good buy.  Love it.
I am a Amazon Prime member and the Fire TV was preset to my account. When I received the Fire TV it was as simple as plugging in the power and hooking up the HDMI cable to my TV. The Fire TV then searches for a Wifi connection. I entered my Wifi  password and started watching movies.
I am a fan of all the amazon devices so far. I have owned a kindle since the first gen as well as each iteration of the fire. So, when I saw that amazon was releasing a tv streaming device I jumped on board.Out of the box it worked great. Though I had a problem with getting netflix to work for about a week everything else worked instantly and streaming quality was amazing. Voice commands are awesome and with some time and tweaks will be even better. The only complaint I have is there is no real good way of separating and searching for the prime eligible videos from those that are not. If you are searching for a video and don't want to spend any money it will take you some time. All in all this is the best streaming device I have used.
I am a prime member and i love being able to view some of my favorite tv shows whenever i like, plus getting he advantages for my Kindle Fire notepad.
I am a Prime member and I was in my account within minutes!  The set up was so easy and intuitive!
I am a prime member, I like Amazon and I am a gadget guy. Having said that, I also read all the reviews. Each review i have read has seems half for and half against. I also read the reviews here by people who actually bought the device.Basically to sum it up, I am very happy with Fire TV.its fast easy to use and there is a lot of content and i know there will be more.I own a roku and a roku 2, xbox one and a smart tv that I can get most all of this content on. I still purchased this because for me at least, Amazon has always release good products.Having all of the products listed above, I just wanted something that was easy to use. Fire TV is just that. The remote is nice, fits in the hand good, and the simple well laid out buttons are just what I needed/wanted.I didnt mind the extra $40 for the controller, and it is not something you need. So if you dont need it, you dont have to buy it.The voice search is nice. Pretty acurate. Amazon results are what come up the most, but thats ok with me. navagating the apps is easy and user friendly.I was surprised by the size of the box. I was expecting bigger. I wish it was a little bigger as it would have been easier to stack with all my other gadgets, but once its on, it sorta diasapears from view.Very fast +Very easy +Lots of content =A happy customer
I am impressed with fire tv. After using it for a few weeks I have watched  more movies than I have seen in years. The only problem I have encountered was low bandwidth which caused a delay in starting a movie.One thing I would like is more search options to help refine results. Another is having a movie or show appear only once. As I have scrolled through the pages the same show is on multiple pages.Quick to setup. Voice search has worked well.  I would buy this again.
I am new to the streaming vidieo / movie world and this is my first product to use. However I do not think I will be leaving Amazon Prime anytime soon. The selection and quality of movies for me are great. Movies come across with great audio and picture quality , they start right now and so far no buffering . Would highly recommend and you can not beat the price for the product and Prime to go along with it.
I am not an avid TV viewer. Received this as a birthday gift. Very easy set up and functional  Suspect this would appeal toa generation of TV viewers who are tech savvy.
I am not usually able to install things without at least one support call, but this practically did everything for me, my existing library & netflix automatically synced - I plugged it in and it practically took over from there. I especially appreciated how easy it was to tie in to my wireless network - all I had to do was put in the network password once, it took over from there.
I am planning on giving up my AT&T Uverse subscription-getting quite costly and bought this to see what I could watch before I gave up AT&T. I have absolutely NO RESERVATIONS on giving up my AT&T now. Plenty to see and do and I am looking forward to all the HBO shows I never saw-Sopranos especially! Easy to use too.
I am pleasantly surprised by the rich content available on Amazon Prime and find this device a superior way to enjoy programing in full HD on the big screen tv. The voice search feature is impeccable, very accurate and saves the usual display & peck typing in a alphabetical search field. The controls are user friendly, simple, logical and precise when used from many vantage points in the room.  No complaints! This device has improved my enjoyment and choices for ad free, crystal clear, entertainment. I'm glad I have it!
I am really enjoying Amazon Fire TV.  I have only had it a few weeks and I feel like a kid on Christmas.  My main reason for purchasing Amazon Fire TV was to stream Netflix but I find myself using all the other features as well.  It is a must have for any tv lover.
I am sick and tried of having 500 cable channels and endless surfing only to find that nothing (worth watching) is &#34;ON&#34;.  Was considering Apple TV, but explored Amazon Fire TV and ordered it up.This product actually does work as advertised.  Set up was a snap with not a glitch in sight.  Fire TV was instantly recognized by my WiFi and just a quickly logged on.  Fire fired up immediately and the voice recognition is amazingly good...we were watching movies in minutes of unpacking the box.Search and finding stuff you want is simple and very intuitive.I can see the day coming when we cut back our cable bill!!
I am so enjoying my Amazon Fire TV!!  It was very easy to set up and works wonderfully.  So glad I decided to give it a try.
I am so excited about this purchase!  It was the easiest thing ever to set up and took all of 2 minutes to understand all the features.  I am thrilled to not have to switch between my TV and XBox to watch Prime (and Netflix). I especially love how tiny the device and remote are ... I hate clutter!!
I am so glad that I decided to purchase the Amazon Fire TV. I am able to watch Prime Eligible shows and movies, Netflix and listen to music.
I am so happy I purchased the Amazon Fire TV.  We are looking to eliminate as many of our VHS movies as we can and are hoping that all of them are available through Amazon.
I am so happy with my new Amazon Fire Tv. It came the next day after I ordered it and I was able to get it working easily.  I did have to go out and buy an hdmi cable. I got 30 days of Amazon Prime for free. I think this is a good purchase.
I am so pleased to have my Amazon Fire TV? I can now watch my Prime selections on the big screen. The design of the whole system is sleek and sexy. It is very easy to use and the speak feature is amazing, it really works ! I love this machine.I also need to comment on the packaging. Opening my Amazon Fire TV was part of the wonderful experience. The packaging is vibrant and sort of like opening Pandora's box. The colors and the compartments made my experience a plus from the very beginning. Stunning !Thank you to the development team for creating the amazing magical box. I love it !
I am very impressed with Amazon Fire TV! Installing was very easy. Using it is very easy.  I am impressed with how simple this is to set up and use.One reason we decided to get this is to have some alternative to over-the-air television.  We don't have any subscription TV service and sometimes it's nice to find something different to watch.  We found some great movies to watch.  Some are new to us and others are older ones we've forgotten about.  The variety offered is good and we can always find something to watch.Set up was simple.  Plug it in, turn it on, follow the prompts.  I'm usually &#34;challenged&#34; with installations and set-ups, but this was no problem whatsoever.  I had this going in just minutes.  One thing I did do was take the time to learn how it all works before watching anything.  It's simple and I don't need my grandchildren to help me!This is a good deal, especially with Prime.  There are a lot of movies and shows that are included with Prime.  I haven't rented or bought anything yet, but in browsing, the prices seem reasonable.  There is a good variety of movies and TV shows so it shouldn't be difficult to find something that interests everyone.  I like the British shows and I have found some I have never seen.The voice search is awesome!  While I haven't had this for very long, the voice search has worked perfectly every time I have used it.  Most voice-controlled gizmos have problems, but this has come up with exactly what I say every single time.  Fire TV can be searched by typing in what you're looking for, which works well, but the voice search is so much easier especially because of it's accuracy.  The &#34;typing&#34; process on the remote is okay, but the voice search is so much better.  Amazon took the time to make sure Fire TV is a very good product.Yes, I would highly recommend this!  You buy the &#34;box&#34;, set it up and go. You can buy/rent various movies and shows, but with Prime membership, there is a lot available at no extra cost.
I am very impressed with the speed of this device. I have had it for about two weeks and not one single time has the video paused for buffering. The amazon prime streaming service works especially great on it, as it would be very slow on my ipad.
I bought an Amazon Fire TV and we love it! Talk about ease of use!! The set of was simple and I just go into my Prime and select programs, movies etc that we would like to watch and put them on our watch list, just so simple and the voice command is great!
I bought a new curved Samsung 55&#34; Ultra HD Smart TV and decided on a whim to order the Fire TV as well.  It is amazing to use.  So easy.Disclaimer:  I had a professional install my new TV because it's up high in a hard to access spot.  So I can't speak to the install.
I bought Apple TV and Chromecast and returned both because they failed to deliver as promised.  I decided to take one more chance and bought the Amazon Fire TV.  Love, love, love it!  Easy to install, connect and get immediate streaming from Netflix on my TV.  Voice commands are marvelous and the remote is simple, small and easy to use.  I am so happy I took a chance on this!
I bought a Roku 3 about 6 months ago and it has been a good device. I love Amazons products and their convenience. The Fire TV is the fastest streaming box out there currently 4-16-2014. I have two Kindles and the box will import Amazon Cloud Pics and Files. It would be smart for them to integrate their mp3 player to show cataloged purchases and make it available to use music purchased(bluetooth). This box an excellent product in a quick changing or upgrading technology.The box will be good for years and as it is well constructed. Eagerly we wait for Apple who will upgrade there box later this year. Chrome by Google and Roku are much lesser products.
I bought a tv with built in WiFi and apps. The apps are glitchy and slow.The fire tv just works awesome. The voice search is fun to use. Much better
I bought it because I read a review in Consumers Report and it is everything they said. Love speaking what you want, it takes you direct to it. Highly recommend it.
I bought the Amazon Fire TV because it looked like it would be a great replacement for our old and failing Roku.I was right! It does everything the roku did plus it has games too. The picture quality is a lot better also.We love this little box.
I bought the FireTV to benchmark it against the Roku boxes that I own.  The Roku's have had their issues so I wanted something that just worked.  The FireTV just works.  The speed is amazing and the quality is fantastic.  As for the Roku's - Well, they are in the trash where they belong.I have a smart TV and Comcast X1 and I hate the clunky interfaces of those devices as well.  I use my FireTV for all my streaming needs and could not be happier with it.  So happy that I am going to get a few more for the rest of the TV's in my house.Get it, you will not regret it.
I bought these for my mother-in-law for Christmas and when I got my 1st order one of the three was broken, so I ordered another set and kept the 2 that were still working and I love them! they are a little tricky to figure out how to open them at first but once you get the hang of them they are great for keeping hot dishes off the table and when you are done with them they fold up nice and small. I have not used them to pick up hot lids yet.
I bought this after getting frustrated with my Sony blu-ray player (I bought it for Netflix, amazon Prime, etc.) dropping my services whenever my router would reset. Have had no problems with this product so far, just wish there were more apps. I'm guessing these will come once the product is more mature.
I bought this as a gift for my mom's birthday and she loved it. She uses it to watch netflix and amazon prime videos. She really enjoys it and said it's one of the best gifts she has received. I'll probably buy one for myself soon.
I bought this device when it first came out and I have been pleasantly surprised at how nice a device it is.  It is an ultra small device.  I like the overall experience with the voice command and the interface for finding movies and getting into other apps such as Netflix.  Parental controls are also very good to prevent my little kids from getting into movies beyond their age or buying apps.
I bought this for my husband for his birthday. The only bad thing about it is that he wont watch anything else!!!
I bought this for my kids and they love it. Really easy to set up and use. Had it up and running in about 15 mins. Just wish it had an off switch because it seems to freeze occasionally and we have to unplug it and plug it back in. It always starts right back up and works fine for a few days after. We started just unplugging it now to save energy anyway.Prime has a ton of movies to pick from. We also have netflix which was easy to set up. Haven't loaded any games yet. Movies I had purchased previously were automatically in my account and purchasing new movies is a snap. Almost too easy for the girls.
I bought this for my parents and they love it!!! easy to nag and use apps!!
I bought this item because my wife likes to use simple tech gadgets.  Can't imagine another device working better or has more features for the $$$.  The voice activation works every time.  Bravo to amazon
I bought this mainly for the surround sound feature. However it is very easy to use and the video is clear and steady.
I bought this recently and absolutely love it. It was a piece of cake to set up and the voice search works really well. I have a smart TV and could do many of the same things already, but I much prefer the easy use of the Kindle Fire TV. I highly recommend this for everyone, as I think cable is a ridiculous waste of money.The one thing I wish they would fix, is the ability to run apps in the background and toggle between them. When listening to Pandora, it would be nice to be able to browse movies, etc...This isn't a feature I have seen on any of the competitors either, but I do think it would be cool.
I bought this to replace a Sony Blu ray which worked, but was slow to boot up, slow to load stuff, and super slow to FF or RR stuff.  The purpose of this box was to improve speed and functionality. The box is super small and light, and absolutely does it what says it will do in terms of speed. It either turns itself off or goes into a sleep mode, it wakes up instantly, and it loads video much faster than my old box. FF and RR are also much faster to load than my blu ray, yes, there is SOME delay, but it's a big improvement. Menus are nice.
I bought this to replace my Apple TV unit and I have not been disappointed. The hook up was incredibly easy and it boots up instantly. The voice recognition is great. There is no stutter or lag from streaming and the interface is great. If you are listening to Pandora the unit will switch to some incredible scenery photo's as screen savers after a few minutes of Pandora screens. The pictures are incredible.You will not be disappointed with this unit
I cancelled cable last month.  I rarely have time to watch TV, and whenever I actually did what usually happened is that I would spend the time flipping through channels looking for something to watch.  Then Fire TV came along.  Now TV is enjoyable again.  When I want to watch something, it is easy to pull up my favorite TV shows.  Love it!
I can make better use of this than the chrome..It has much more uses and of course it is compatible with my other Fire items
I cannot believe how well built this little box is. It is very powerful and has a fantastic picture. You will have to see the voice search to believe it.
I can now watch my favorite TV shows on my 45&#34; flat screen tv instead of my 17&#34; laptop screen!  It is so easy to set up that I was watching within 5 minutes.  It only took that long because it needed to update the software which was okay.  I highly recommend getting one of these if you use Amazon Instant Video with your Prime account.
I can watch everything on my TV screen instead of my kindle fire or computer. Love the voice search. So easy to usee
I can watch net Felix,shows amazon,play gamessearch tv shows moviescan be moved to other tvs pcMuch have
I connected it to my TV then followed the simple instructions. It took some time to download the update but that's because my ISP is slow. Within a very short time I'm already watching movies. I have to say I was surprised at how easy it was to set up the Fire TV.
I considered Roku, Google Chromecast and Amazon Fire Tv before i bought anything. After buying this, I loved it. The only thing I would change is having WWE Network available on here.
I couldn't make Ruku work with my wireless system. This is a breeze and easy to set up. I am already a Prime member so I have unlimited movies at my finger tips.
I currently own a Roku LT and a PS3 as well as several other devices that can be connected to a TV including an iPad and kindle fire hd. By far, fire TV is the best device for entertainment use, and it's potential for improvement will probably make it blow the competition out of the market when better appd are added and more mirroring capabilities.
I debated for a while if I should get this product.  I am no sorry that aI waited for it.  It is everything I wanted and more.
I decided to do the 30 day trial just to give the Amazon Fire TV a shot. I must say, I have not had the box for long but I really like it so far. The set up was super easy. Finding the apps I wanted (Netflix, YouTube, etc) was just as easy too. The picture is wonderful! I have not had any issues with the movie being paused due to streaming issues either. I am going to give it some more time, to be sure there are no issues that do pop up, but I feel like I will be end my trial with a purchase.
I didn't know if I would really use the mirroring or second screen that much, but I do.  My husband is especially excited about it.  We have the NBC Sports app and can watch the extras that are not shown on tv.  Well, now, he is able to mirror the motocross practice and extras to the tv screen and watch just like it is on tv.  Also, able to access the HBO Go app and watch True Detective series and mirror to tv.  Looks just as good as if playing on tv.  Don't have to wait and hope the reruns come on tv.
I didn't know what to do about streaming and what equipment to buy and then last week  there was Amazon Fire TV. It is so easy to setup and having the Kindle Fire with WiFi so that helped set it up. The box and remote are small and easy to handle.It's fun to use the microphone. I had a few questions and got great help from Amazon and got the answers I needed.
I do not know how I was living without this! Apps run faster than expected. Fantastic features. Voice control works super well.
I don't care for a lot of new technology because I'm pretty old school. Do have cell phone, home computer and basic know how for some of the  stuff out there today but was able to connect the Amazon Fire to my HDTV just fine. After a few minutes of figuring out my password I hooked right up and there was Netflix, which I already subscribe to. With a phone call to them I was able to get everything working together. Thanks Netflix. As far as ordering movies that I have to pay for I'm not doing that at this time other than Netflix, but the whole concept of Amazon Fire means I don't have to mail anything anymore. It is more expensive than some of the other similar items out there and in the future I will probably avail to the other options available, but so far, so good.
I don't have a ton of experience in this category.  I know the options and have family and friends with them, but have never experienced them myself.  This product has exceeded my expectations.  The speed is amazing and the voice recognition is spot on, I even tried speaking in an accent and it still was able to pick it up.  Amazon listens to their customers and does an outstanding job updating and tweaking the software as needed, this is something I know other companies are not as upbeat doing.  This is Amazon's biggest strength, they reach out for customer feedback and actually act upon it.
I don't have cable in my room so this is perfect!!!!!!! Now I can watch Netflix and amazon prime in my room!
I don't have cable TV but do have Netflix and Amazon Prime.  I've just started using it, but so far I am enjoying the Amazon Fire.  It's easy to use and the voice command feature is great.
I don't own a dvr so this has allowed me access to many movies, documentaries and TV series.  I would definitely recommend this device.
I don't watch much TV or that many movies.  But when I heard about Fire TV I signed up.  Funny but the thing thats the best about Fire TV is it's simplicity. From the inobtrusive small box to the small TV &#34;wand&#34; that's been designed to be totally intuitive. How many hundreds of times have I wished that I could just tell it what show I wanted to watch!  Now I can. Amazon did it's homework. I'm impressed.  The movie repertoire I'm sure will improve as time goes by. I'd prefer documentaries, great foreign films and Sundance winners vs the mass market movies. Nice work Amazon!
I enjoyed this product and works wonderfully.  I like the voice search.
I enjoy the voice commands.  I have used the Apple TV for quite a few years so this was a a welcome upgrade.  I especially liked the unit was already set up for my account which made it easier.
I feel we literally have 200 channels on cable with nothing on.  I go to ondemand on my cable channels and I see nothing I want or want to pay $5.99+ plus on cable.I got Amazon TV and I have more options and the movie costs are cheaper than what cable charges me.It was easy to set up and with a prime membership is a good option for a Friday night at home.  It does not replace cable but it does give you more choices in viewing
I finally broke down and decided to replace my WD Digital Media hub, which was about 4 years old and only support 720p.  Wow, what a difference.  Better interface, easier to use, and crisp clean picture.  The sound is NOTICEABLY improved over the WD, especially the maximum sound level.  The WD sometimes would output at very low volume, even with the receiver turned up to the max.  I also own an Apple TV, and prefer the Fire TV by far.
If you don't need to see it right now this is the best pay once and enjoy for a life time
If you had an xbox or DVD player to access Netflix or any other apps, with Amazon fire you will see a difference quickly . This unit is faster and very easy to set up to accommodate your needs. The remote control with voice control is easy access to watch your favorite  Movies or television shows within a flash. At the present time I do not have Amazon Prime but in the future I will purchase when a saving is advertised.
I gave it 5 stars because I now can get my husband to watch a movie with me & he has to watch what I want & besides that it is amazing what you can do with technology now days it is very easy to use the voice control is awesome there is not one thing wrong with it it is a lot better than most I would recommend to anyone
I get around the various options quickly, when you make your choice, your program starts right up.Easy fast simple...
I give this a 5 star rating because it is a reliable and excellent product that is easy to use.
I got rid of cable and got the Fire TV. It is fabulous!  I immediately joined NetFlex because I can watch movies & TV shows for free with them that Amazon charges for.  I am SOOOO happy with it and I don't have the Kindle Fire. (Can't afford it).
I got this for mother's day and love it. Very user friendly and easy to use as my Kindle. I'm glad to have it.
I got this for my birthday and it is great.  I have watched some series that I wanted to see but never to around to and also some movies.  I am an Amazon Prime customer which is great with the Amazon Fire TV.  I also have Netflix which I also use to watch programs and movies.
I got this for my wife because I have a Smart TV already.  Was very impressed how easy it was to connect to the TV.  The one thing is to make sure you have enough HDMI inputs.  Connected to my wireless network easily.  The thing that amazed my was selecting a title to watch it instantly came on.  You wont be sorry you bought this.
I got tired of our Roku and saw this. It works great. Not bad price either. I recommend it too
I had a Roku 2 and it was giving me problems. This product has a great interface and flawless design! Excellent combination of form and function!I am still using it but so far I love it! I think it is better than apple tv, absolutely faster and easier to use!
I had been considering a Roku or Apple TV for some time, but had heard the Amazon FireTV was coming out and decided to wait. I ordered it the second day after launch and received it the next day (without paying for 1-day shipping I might add!). I had it setup and ready to go within 5 minutes. It was super easy to hook up to my TV, the voice activated remote works awesome, and I've been watching it every night since. I highly recommend!
I had been reading up on these kind of devices.I kept waiting to see if this is something that I could use  and get my money's worth.I love this one. So easy to set up and use.Only had it for 2 weeks and it already has been worth the $$.
I had Google TV for about a year and a half previous to getting Amazon fire. This is a lot easier to use. The menus work seamless, no lags. No need to keep logging in to apps. Apps don't crash. Streaming has very little if an buffering. Just a much better system I am totally happy with it. The speech search app works very well also.
I had no problem hooking the box to my TV, or adding it to my wireless internet. Hookup was a breeze.
I had the Fire up and running in just a couple minutes and it is very portable.  I have 4 HD TVs and often want to stream a show either on the patio or in the bedroom (usually have it connected to main tv in family room) and the fire is so easy to move and hooks up to the wi fi without a problem.  The streaming is even better than on my Roku, which is okay but not as quick as the Fire.  I really like the interface with Amazon Prime and the verbal search option.Hope to see more apps added as time goes by.  HBOgo and MLB would be nice.
I had to buy the Amazon Fire TV to try out, and I can tell you that my 8 year old loves it for the Movie options along with the the games, as she is having friends come over and they all link the Mine Craft game together between all the different systems they have.I have also reduced my cable bill down by $50.00 a month, as between Amazon Prime and Netflix the only need is the local channels through the cable company.Again my family loves it and looking at purchasing a second one for another TV
I had used Roku for three+ years and my purchase of the Fire TV was and is exactly what I had hoped for. There is nothing wrong with the Roku; the Fire TV simply offers more channels and more movies... plus, I am able to access NetFlix... AND listen to my Pandora radio channels. There's a lot to love about Fire TV..!
I have 2  other products similar to this. I find this to be a better quality product. If you have to replace any of the 2 other  products. Buy this one.
I have a chromecast and Roku 3. Amazon Fire TV is faster and richer. The dolby sound is even better. The GUI for Roku sucks with Netflix, but it is better with the Amazon Fire TV
I have a couple of different TV items and the Fire TV is for the best an easy one to operate. If anybody buys one or any other thing from Amazon be sure to try and purchase the PRIME. I is very much worth it.
I have a few Roku boxes and really like them.  I have read that the Fire TV has the best interface for Plex so I wanted to give it a try as I do not like the interface on the Roku.  As a heavy Plex user, this device nails it....it is perfect!  I can't wait for the app content to catch up.
I have all (3) Apple TV, roku and now amazon fire.  They each have their place, but I have removed the roku from my main setup and replaced with amazon fire.  It is fast, great for amazon prime.Each unit has its pros and cons, but I would rate the fire as very near the top ( I am still a big Apple TV fan).
I have all 3 major similar devices, Apple TV, Roku, and now  Fire TV.  I like that Fire TV is open to developers so you get a bigger ecosystem, and it has the ability to play games.  I can't stand the Roku sounds any more, that bonk sound is like nails on a chalk board.
I  have also owned an Apple TV for over a year. It seems to me that the Amazon Fire TV is much faster at loading data. actually, I don't have to wait at all. It gives me more options than the Apple like Amazon Prime, etc. I use both of them. One on a TV in basement and one on a TV in family room.
I have always been unhappy with Netflix because my router would continually buffer or just lock me out.  Ibought a better router and that didn't help. Amazon Fire TV solved it.I find it a little clunky finding what I want. The remote is not user friendly.  I have never been able to get the menu button to do anything, however the buffering question was the main reason I bought it and I love the results.
I have an Apple TV and this product has it just beat out. Love my Apple products, but with the gaming this offers, the voice search, and it's quicker load speed, it has edged out the current Apple TV 3 model. Gaming can be a little laggy on some of the games, but for what you pay for, it is acceptable by far. No issues other than a couple of times in the nba game it has frozen and made me start game play over. Again, for the price, I do not expect ps4 type of experience. Streaming shows/movies is great as well. I do recommend it to anyone interested in it.
I have Apple and Google TV.Fire is the next level.If you want to break away from cable, gotta try Fire.Even my wife loves it.
I have Apple TV and I decided to try the Fire TV for my bedroom TV or be able to place it in the guest room when I have company.  It was easy to set up and cheaper than Apple TV since you have to buy the remote separately.  I am satisfied with it.
I have a ROKU3, smart TV, and smart Bluray disc player and the FIRE beats them all.  Sometimes, the marketing exaggerates the performance of a product, but NOT in this case.  The voice recognition is the BEST I have ever seen.  It's such a pleasure to search by voice instead of with the hunt and peck method.  And the streaming reliability far exceeds my other devices.
I have a SMART TV, but it wasn't smart enough as I couldn't watch my Amazon Instant Video library on it - now it is.  The voice function works seamlessly.  Great product, easy to set up and doesn't interfere with the cable box or sound system controls.
I have a TV with a lot of channels, but often can't find anything I want to watch.  So with my Kindle Fire TV, and can just choose a BBC series, and fling it at my TV.  Then settle back for complete entertainment - a wonderfully produced show at the time when I want to watch it.  I can catch up with episodes that I missed.  I can try a new series and decide if I want to watch it.  I can have a marathon and watch everything until my eyes get buggy.  This is the most convenient way to enjoy shows.  The interface is flawless.  You just say what you want to watch, and it brings up your choices.  Our FIOS interface is so clunky that we hardly ever watched anything.  With Kindle fire, I just might not leave the house.
I have a Vizio Smart TV in my living room and was using a WD Media player in my bedroom, it did not get Amazon and I needed a cable to get Wi-Fi, the Amazon Fire TV connects wirelessly with a very strong signal and works just fine with Amazon Prime, Netflix and Hula Plus and I can play the games as well, the price is good for a new unit, it runs cool, works fine and is much better than my Smart TV, so good in fact I may purchase another for the living room
I have been a member of Prime TV for a little over a year and what better way to watch it than this Item . plus I get a whole lot other apps. as well I will recommend this to my friends and already have to family members!
I have been an Apple TV user for about 1 and a half years.  Lately, I have been having major issues with my Apple TV and the connectivity to my internet service and using Netflix on it (one of my major uses).  When I saw this device, I was skeptical.  &#34;Not another device that is going to be very disappointing in the end&#34; I said to myself.  But, we took a chance.  And I must say, thus far, we are extremely pleased.Most of this review will be a comparison to the Apple TV (sorry Apple).  Let's start with the remote control.  We have two large dogs and with Apple, the second one of them was in front of the Apple TV device, the remote would not work (it requires line-of-sight).  The Amazone Fire TV (AFT) remote does not and we can use it without having to point it directly at the device.  May seem like a small deal, but trust me, until you experience the frustration of trying to figure out why the remote doesn't have line of sight, you just won't understand.  The 'voice-activated' service is great.  Works like 'Google Now' and 'Siri' on smart phones and tablets.  The only issue here is that it doesn't work inside applications.  For example, when using Netflix on AFT, if you use the 'voice-activation' feature, it takes you out of Netflix and shows you Amazon options.  Would be nice if it worked in applications, too.  But that's not a big deal for me.  One of the surprising features about the remote, when the AFT is off and I have my TV on the input for watching cable, a push on the remote of the 'Home' button (which turns AFT on) also automatically turns my TV to the correct input to watch AFT!  Saves me from having to change inputs manually.Okay, some AFT feature reviews.  You can play games on AFT.  Now, I have not used this feature as I am not a big game player, but I found it an interesting feature to have supplied.  Movies come up almost instantly after hitting play.  With Apple TV, I would have to watch the dotted circle for about 5-10 seconds (sometimes longer) before the selected movie would start.  I have yet to have any delay with my AFT.  Very pleased.  Every single show we have watched displays very clearly and there has yet to be a sync problem with audio and video.  Not the case with Apple TV (happened a lot, and I would have to stop playing the movie, go out of the system, go back into the system, and then start it again).  AFT has Netflix and Prime.  Apple TV did not have access to Prime.  This was a BIG plus to us as we have lots of shows we watch on Prime.  AFT also has Showtime movies on demand.  It doesn't have HBOGO, but Prime members have access to HBO on demand through Prime, so I can still watch my HBO shows on AFT.Overall, I am extremely pleased with our purchase.  Our Apple TV has been moved to one of our home-offices and the main Living Room has the AFT in it.  I highly recommend trying this device, especially if you are a frustrated Apple TV user.
I have been searching for a content streaming device that will play my 1000+ collection of MKV's, Mp4's and other misc file formats.  XBMC is my go-to media player and up until now, I have always run full blown HTPC's at each TV.  While this was an effective approach, it was not very efficient.Fire TV has a fantastic interface, great voice recognition and it comes with the native ability to load Android Apps on the device without having to jailbreak or root it.  Installing XBMC was very simple and it works flawlessly.I am looking forward to replacing a house full of HTPC's with Fire TV's.
I have been using a Chromecast (which I love) for about 6 months.  I ordered this online, and it arrived promptly and with my Amazon Prime account information already put into it.  I plugged it in, it &#34;knew&#34; my name, and I was able to use it after easily connecting to my wifi.  I use it for Prime Videos, Netflix and Youtube primarily.  Fits my need seemlessly.
I have enjoyed my Amazon Fire the short time I've had it.  I'm still learning to operate its' many functions.  Love it!
I have ESPN at my office and now with Amazon Fire TV and the Watch ESPN app I can have ESPN at home too!It is very fast, I was using Netflix through my DVD player but Fire TV is about 21x faster!There are many good features of Fire TV but ESPN app is the best.I hope that they will start streaming more Live TV such as ABC.NBC. and the like.
I have fallen in love with it! It works perfect, and everything looks great, it's a joy to use. I would tell anyone to buy this. I love watching movies and this has made it so much better for me. I was getting a pain in my neck from sitting in front of my computer for hours. I now sit in the comfort of my sofa and watch everything on my flat screen TV.
I have Google TV, Chromecast and Roku 3. Since getting FireTV the others aren't being used (unless they have content I can't get on FireTV - for example, Acorn which I get on Roku).I use it with a Fire HDX 8.9. Second screen use for queuing up programs and X-Ray enhance the experience significantly.Switching on mirroring is surprisingly slow given how speedy other operations are.It's annoying not to be able to get other familiar Android applications easily. I haven't had time to sideload them yet - but why make us jump through hoops?I am hoping for (even expecting) big improvements over the next six months. (Like Acorn and other channels becoming available on FireTV). Then it should become my only streaming device.
I have had an Apple TV, a google tv, a chromecast, a wii, and the amazon Fire.This is by far the best device for streaming video yet.The voice search feature is spot on, I rarely get buffering issues, and, well, it's just great.
I have had an AppleTv for a long time.  My AppleTV constantly falls off my home network for no reason.  The unit says it is connected yet it will not receive content until I reboot everything, including my modern and router.  I have been very frustrated by this.  When I saw the Amazon Fire TV, I decided to give it a try.  It never drops the connection and is extremely easy to use.  The voice commands actually work!  I have been very pleased with the FireTV and would recommend it to anyone who has been frustrated with their AppleTV or who was considering buying the AppleTV.Game play on the FireTV is also surprisingly well done.  We have been running the Fire for two weeks now (since it came out), and we have not experienced one problem with it.  Great job Amazon!
I have had many devices over the years to stream content, but this one is by far the best. The only thing I would have Amazon consider is having the voice search span all the apps, other than that I'm extremely happy with the purchase.
I have had my Fire TV for a little over a week now and my family and I love it. Very easy to use and extremely fast. Way faster than an Apple TV! I would definitely recommend this product to anyone considering a streaming box!
I have had the amazon fire for one week. This is awesome! I can watch my netflicks and I love that I can listen to Pandora. I was also surprised how many TV and movie options the prime membership has. You will not regret it.
I have had the Fire TV up and running for a few days now.  Thus far it has been a fantastic device!  It is so much faster than the app on my Sony TV.We have watched a few movies and TV episodes on it and it never buffers, does not have to check the connection speed, nothing, it just instantaneously starts!The RF remote is great, doesn't need line of sight and the speak to search function has been flawless.  It has never once failed to produce the correct results.As of this date the Prime choices are clear and easy to find.  Yes, a search just for Prime content would be nice, but I have not had an issue yet finding Prime content.  In this regard, the Sony app is better, but not having to wait 5 minutes for the app to get on screen then struggle for 5 more typing in a search query on the remote is a blessing and a half.Install was a breeze, setup took just a few minutes. The device, like the Apple TV is always on, so getting to content is as easy and quick as getting to the correct input, and touching a remote button.Having both the Fire TV and the AppleTV, I prefer the Fire. This is mainly because of the content with being a Prime member.  The AppleTV is mainly used to mirror the iPad to the TV now.I would gladly purchase this device again, and likely will as gifts.
I have in my possession two other devices which performs similar as the Amazon fire but Amazon fire to me succeeds  over the other two. They're all very easy to set-up but one very important feature that the Amazon fire has the others don't and I'm very very happy with it is the fabulously easy way to use the search feature. Most people like myself finds it very tedious to punch in letters up down sideways crossways and don't make a mistake, No No Not That!!  But with the Amazon fire remote you only have to use a button and speak into it and it finds whatever you need quickly and efficiently. And to me that's everything not only that I must mention the Amazon fire is quick very fast! This is why I give it five stars!
I have more than a dozen video players around.  5 WDTVs, a few roku, and on and on.  This is the current favorite, Its FAST, and the games are pretty good.
I have multiple children, and when a cold keeps us home to care for them, this is a blessing!!! !!!
I have never been happier, or more excited about a purchase anywhere, anytime ever!  Amazon really does blow all other competition out of the water with this creation!  It is very user friendly, fast, and fun!  I am so glad I got it and would highly recommend it!
I have not gone thru everything that is on this tiny box. So far it has preformed great, I really like the audio function. Fast forward is different and takes some getting use to. You will not regret getting the Amazon Fire TV box.
I have not had any other streaming device before and got this because of the features and the mirroring capabilities for the Kindle Fire HDX.  I have not had any issues and it connected did the update and has worked just fine.  I use it mainly for Prime, Hulu+ and Netflix.
I have nothing but good to say about the Amazon Fire TV.  It was so easy to set up, great connection, and great voice recognition.  Thanks Amazon!
I haven't been able to explore it completely and i had a sound issue at first, but customer support helped pretty quick and i'm on my way.  I have subscriptions to hulu and netflix and they both work nicely on this system.  I still have cable until the season finales and i'm still learning what fire tv can do but I like it so far.
I have only had the device a few days, and will likely update this review later as I learn more about it, and app selection expands. The Amazon Prime video app works very well, much better than I was expecting, the vaunted voice control lives up to the hype, and the game play on the more complex games is excellent, a true console gaming experience.I have only spent a limited time using third party video apps, Netflix seems to work well, as does Hulu+. I have used all of these apps on different platforms, and the Fire TV is as good or better than anything else I have used. The voice control doesn't seem to work yet on the third party apps, but I can live with that.I did have a few unboxing and set up issues, nothing major, and nothing that a couple of power cycles didn't fix. Naturally the first thing it did was update itself, then run a demo, after the demo the first time neither the remote or game controller were doing anything, I reset the box, it ran the demo again and from there it was fine. When I downloaded and installed GTA Vice CIty, it ran really poorly the first couple of tries, once again a couple of power cycles and it was fine. I haven't had any other issues other than those, overall the thing runs very well. It is very responsive and loads video much quicker than any other device I have used, including a PC.
I have owned most of the set top boxes out there, and am pretty impressed with this so far. The Amazon Prime streaming is great, and the content get's better every month. I'm amazed at the speed at which the movie or show starts playing after hitting play - there's no buffering for me - less than a second from button press to opening credits. I run a Plex server at the house and the Plex app is great on the Fire TV (although I was disappointed it wasn't free since I have the paid Plex subscription). The interface if much nicer than the WDTV's I have, and I can quickly page through content.
I have purchased all sorts of smart TV boxes, Roku, Apple TV, smart DVD players, etc.  but Amazon Fire TV is the greatest.  The voice remote is just unbelievably accurate and easy to use!  With Prime membership, this is the deal of the century.  Thank you Amazon.
I have side loaded XBMC and stream Netflix and that's it. I don't use any off the other apps or services. Based on my usage the AFTV is the best small streamer available and only beaten by a HTPC. For my use here is the order of preference for devices, all of which I have used:HTPCAFTVATV2RokuWDTV SMP
i have the ruko 2 in my living room but decided to put the fire tv in my bedroom. I love the easy setup and the voice command is a plus. There are so many channels and apps to choose from. I love the fact that free 2 day shipping is offered with the subscription because i order from amazon all the time:) I ordered the game controller as well and received it 2nd day air. I played the walking dead game with it and was hooked:)  So far i have no complaints.
I have this hooked up through my Visio 60&#34; LCD tv which in turn pipes out to my Vizio 2.1 sound bar.The FireTV plays 1080p MKV files from my Plex server with almost no initial buffering and they look amazing.Video for Amazon Prime plays almost as quickly as I can push the button, which is great for watching Sesame Street with my baby girl in the mornings.The box is tucked behind my wall-mounted TV and I have no remote issues from about 10 feet away.I got this to replace my chromecast because of freezing issues and so far it has be perfect.Now I just need them to get Google Play Music running on this bad boy and I can donate my chromecast to my parents.
I have to admit that I was skeptical about how easy setup was going to be, but it took a few minutes and I was up and running. I was also surprised at how well the voice search works. It is the best voice interface that I have used and returns the proper voice search 90-95% of the time. Overall I would have to rate this as excellent. My only wish is to have the voice search available for the YouTube app.
I have to admit that this device works better then I expected.  It's hard to believe that HD movies and TV can be such a high quality and still be delivered over the internet.  Amazon Fire TV is easy to use, works as promised in the advertising and is compact so fits easily on a shelf or wherever I want to put it.  Given the picture quality and the functionality of the device, I use it much more then I expected.  One of the great features is the way movies and TV programs are organized so I can find what I want to view very fast.  It's so easy that I haven't even used the voice command feature yet.  This is a high quality device that is well worth the money.
I have to say I was a bit skeptical.So far it has worked fine.when I have watched it.It was easy to set up.I do not get much for TV reception where I live.So being able to watch Fire TV has been great.
I have tried everything, roku, chromecast, etc. This is the easiest streaming I have ever do e. I am 55, although on my day I loved hooking in gadget and such, I no longer get such a thrill getting on my broken knees to. Hook up the latest and coolest. This was great, better than great, plug and play,  since it is new I can only see the programming getting even better and better. Great job, Amazon
I have tried most of the interfaces between the WIFI and TV and this upgrade is the best.  The processor is fast, the voice command very accurate.  I would recommend this to anyone with a non WIFI equipped TV.
I have tried others in the past some worked some didn't. Muku delivered the goods  I use it with my iPhone to trip the shutter while attached to my telescope. This use leaves little vibration on my scope and the pictures of the moon and sun come out greatI would recommend this unit to any who needs a wireless sh utter release.
I have trouble with my eyes a bit and reading fine print is difficult.  My Grandson helped me out on getting this set up (took him a matter of about 15 minutes - mostly for typing in passwords) and I couldn't be more pleased.  It is so easy to find a movie, unlike it is on the computer, with the voice procedure.  I called up musicals and more showed up that I realized were available.  This is so simple to navigate it's night and day over the Apple TV I replaced and seldom used.  I haven't even tried all the other stuff it's capable of doing so I couldn't be happier.  Thanks Amazon for a FANTASTIC PRODUCT
I have used the Apple TV and Chromecast and I prefer this device. It was a spontaneous purchase and did not expect much but I am amazed with quality of the product and the simplicity of use. Definitely worth the price.
i have verizon fios, and apple tv.  and well, i do have amazon prime.  between prime and fire tv, amazon knocks the others out of play.  it's faster loading than my apple tv.  it's easier to use.  the controls are smoother.  it's less expensive and it has much more free stuff.way to go amazon
I held off on a device like this... for a while. The FIRE is great... easy to set up, use and I love the speak feature! I do hope that Amazon will have other apps in the future... for now Prime, Netflix and Pandora keep me very entertained.
I installed XBMC on this device and in a word...&#34;wow&#34;. It is much faster than the Apple TV due to it having 4 times more memory, and 4 times the processing power of the ATV2. I now own 3 of these units and I can say i am more than pleased with it. This, when configured properly is definitely a cable tv killer.
I just bought a Fire TV device and it has been great so far.Technically I did not need this, as I have a smart tv and a game console, both of which provide the same online viewing options. However I have been disappointed with their performance to date, I am running the latest software on each device and have them configured correctly, however performance has been frustrating to say the least. I even upgraded my Internet connection and routers to see if this would help, alas, no.So, I purchased a Fire Tv. I have been impressed with this device out of the box. it is the size of a double cd case, small and compact. Came pre configured from amazon with my account info, so I was up and running in less than 2 minutes. Viewing has been great, as it should be. This devise is easy to use, and the voice commands actually work.No issues so far, this is now the default device we turn to for all of our online viewingI highly,recommend buying one, you will not be disappointed
I just bought another one for the other tv in my home.  Everyone should own one of these! I can now cancel some of my cable channels!
I just got my fire tv and it's amazing! I use it for Netflix and Hulu mainly and Pandora and I can't say enough about how much I love t. Picture quality is amazing and the remotes voice command is eerily accurate! The only thing I can't figure out how to do is get my Kindle Fire HDX to work with my Amazon Fire TV but other than that is great! Super quick and easy to set up!!
I just got this a few days ago, and I'm still learning my way around it. I can truly say at this point, though, that I do love it. My streaming is just great. The picture is better than my Dish and better than my DVDs. My movie starts right up and never is there a lag or a buffer. BTW, I have cable internet for my Fire TV. No DishNet in my area.At this time, I am watching Amazon Prime offerings, of which there are plenty. I have looked at the rentals, which range in price from about 99 cents to 6 or 7 dollars. I may buy some of those later.One of the things you get is a WatchList. You put things you would like to see at a later date on the WatchList. You can do this on the FireTV or you can look up movies and other entertainment on your computer at your leisure and send things to your WatchList, where they will be when you open your Amazon FireTV. I love this feature since I am new to this and I can take my time.This is my first adventure in streaming. I don't have a Roku or other device to compare to. On that basis, this Amazon FireTV meets my present needs nicely and I hope to be using it happily for a long time to come.
i just love this product it's very easy to hook up it's streams quickly without an issue. easiest way to watch movies i also enjoy the voice search. just wish i could stream comcast or xfinity..
I just ordered this on Friday, I just received it today one day later! Amazing. Took a minute to set up.Love the color and he sound. Impressive. Additionally the ability to see my pictures from the cloud in my big tv. Cool.
I just plugged it in and used the remote and it was great.  Saw a bunch of free prime movies and also bought the ones that I wanted in my library so that I can watch it again in the future.
I just received my Amazon Fire TV and I have to say it works very well.  The picture quality on my Samsung TV is excellent.  It was also extremely easy to set up.  The only issue I have with it is the position of the home button on the remote.  When  I watch a movie and have to pause it, I some how keep on hitting the home button.  I just wish this button was placed in a different position on the remote.  This is just a very minor issue.  I highly recommend this product.
I just received my new Amazon Fire Tv and I'm just crazy about it allready!! It was so easy to hook up and I am looking forward to many years of good service and entertainment from this little device!! I am as I write this listening to the Pandora on it and love it!! Im also a Netflix member and look forward to trying it out as well!  I would say if your thinking of getting this Do It!! It is sooo cool!! Thanks Amazon for all of your service and products!!
I just unpacked my Amazon Fire TV. Everything went smoothly on setting it up. I watched a movie. It's great!i especially liked the HD picture and the Dolby sound. Keep up the good work.
I just use it for accessing movies and TV from Amazon and for that it makes that process simple and fast.  No problems nor glitches experienced when I direct connect with Ethernet cable.  Wireless hung up at times.
I, like a lot of other individuals who spend WAY too much on cable, was tired of paying $100 a month for hundreds of HD channels that I never watched, when a friend recommended this device to me. So I gave it a try, and fell in love with it immediately. I now spend less than $30 a month for Netflix, Hulu Plus, and Amazon prime and find myself watching more movies and TV shows than ever and am able to put that extra $70+ to better use.At the same time I purchased a Roku 3 with the thought that I would keep the better of the two, but I ended up keeping them both. The Roku 3 has many more channels and I had a lot of fun looking through them and adding them, but besides Vevo and Plex, which are also available on Fire TV, I don't find myself watching them very often.If your looking for more free content the Roku 3 would definitely be the better choice, although a lot of the free content like Crackle is only available in Standard Definition. What I don't like about the Roku is that the warranty is limited to 90 days, which is a bit ridiculous when most gadgets that I buy come with a minimum 1 year warranty including the Fire Tv.If your looking mainly to stream Netflix, Hulu Plus, or Amazon Prime then I'd go with Fire TV. It's a more powerful device and has great potential for future improvement. I can't comment on the gaming aspect of Fire TV as I use it solely for movies and shows.Here are some things I didn't like about Fire TV.....The Fire TV has a voice search which is very cool but needs to be expanded to its other channels like Netflix. Right now its mainly to show off amazon content. I'll do a voice search and find content from Hulu Plus, but when I click something available on Hulu Plus, it takes me to Hulu but not to what I just searched for. The Roku 3 on the other hand allows you to do text searches for movies and shows and will then show you all the channels that those movies and shows are available on, which is great, although typing a search out with the controller is a bit of a pain.Another thing I don't like about the Fire Tv is the inability to filter out paid amazon content from free prime content. It mixes the two which is very annoying. Leading me to have to search on Amazon's web site to access prime only tv shows & movies. I really wish there was a section on Fire TV that showed ALL of their free prime content only.(: Hopefully someone at the top will read this and make it happen :)I had an issue with the Fire TV not being able to stream correctly after a few weeks of use and had to contact Amazon....waited less than a minute to speak to customer service on chat, about 15 minutes later my problem was solved. Great customer service as always.I would highly recommend this device as a better, cheaper alternative to cable tv.
I like everything about it, installation was a snap, no set up needed Amazon Prime already configured. The remote has a good feel to it and is easy to use, the voice recognition works every time.I already had the Roku unit and I highly recommend the Amazon Fire TV for anyone looking for interned streaming.
I like it. Easy to set up, easy to use. I have seen complaints about the voice feature, but i am fair near to certain that it beats tbe one you didnt have before. Its a great little streamer. i have no problem giving it 5 stars
i like it fine it does what as it was advertised to do set up was easy just follow the screen
I like that it is easy to use.Voice command is a wonderful feature.I would recommend this to all my friends.
I like the "Amazon Fire TV" box so much I bought a second one for the bedroom. There are TV shows and movies that we haven't seen or need to  see a previous season. Plus I love Pandora, now I can use it in the kitchen and my bedroom.
I like the way it work for write know but would like to see more app for what it can do I would like to talk to some one about this let me know
I like this purchase a lot. I just got rid of my cable TV due to cost and they had made changes and got rid stations with no replacements. I wanted to save the money every month.  I fire has done that for me. I can watch my favorite programs now on HULU.
I live down south in the winter and up north in the summer. I purchased the Apple TV a couple of years ago down south and I recently purchased the Amazon Fire TV a couple of weeks ago. The set up could not be easier the product works amazingly well. I really like to 'ask' for my movies versus typing out your favorite movies. It's so much quicker.
I love all of the choices Amazon Fire TV has to offer.  The price is reasonable.  I've enjoyed everything so far.I would recommend this to anyone who loves tv, movies, games, etc.
I love Amazon Fire TV, however I might think differently if I were not a Prime Member. There are many &#34;free&#34; shows and movies available for Prime Members that carry fees for non-members.
I love Amazon Fire TV.  It was  so easy to set up with my Prime membership.  I love it that we can watch what we want at the time we want to watch it!
I love Amazon Fire TV. We have one smart TV in our home which has the app on it for us to use our amazon prime streaming. Which is awesome and that is in our main TV viewing room. However in our other room we do not have a smart TV but use it quite often and miss not being able to use Amazon and all it has to offer. So when Amazon Fire TV came out I could hardly wait to buy it and it has not let me down. It was so easy to install. Just a matter of plugging in the HDMI cable and plugging in the actual Amazon Fire TV box. Turn on your TV and Viola ;)  I couldn't be more happy. I absolutely love the voice command button on the remote. Just hold down the button and talk into the remote and it will search for what ever TV show or movie you are looking for. Really it is worth every penny. Plus I love the fact that when you buy it online with Amazon it is automatically associated with your amazon account so when you hook it up to your TV you do not have to register it, it is already done. So if you where to buy it at your local dealer you would have to register it on your TV. All your photos, everything is just right there. Like I said I love it. And if you are not an Amazon Prime member, really you all need to be one. It is really worth it to be one. I have no regrets of spending the money on it the last couple of years. I can't say enough about the product. It has exceeded my expectations :).  Thank you Amazon Fire TV.
I love how easy it was to set up basically all I did was plug it in turn it on put in my security code to wireless and it was done. my account was already in and ready. thank you amazon easiest install ever
I love it already. The queue and no waiting feature is amazing. It blows away waiting for the Apple TV spinning wheel. I can't wait for iPhone connectivity later this year.
I love it!  Easy to set up and use.  Amazon has done it again.  Fire TV is better than cable.
I love it!!! I don't need Netflix anymore. The fire TV is great at streaming everything. I don't need expensive cable anymore either!!!
I love it.I just wished Redbox was included in the streaming protocol.Only flaw is sometimes doesn't recognize the actors names
I love it!  It is so easy to use.  The sound is wonderful and the picture is so clear.  Awesome!
I LOVE IT. IT IS SO GOOD THAT I HAVE ABANDONED USING MY BLURAY AND NETWORK STREAMING. A GREAT DEVICE AT A GREAT PRICE.
I love it! It makes TV a lot more fun and amazon prime and netflix a lot more accessible! And every time I look for the fire remote, I shout &#34;Gary Busey&#34;!  Everyone knows what I'm looking for! Best hundred bucks I've spent in a long time!
I love it, love it, love it.  it is easy to use and love the voice search command button my favorite, no more typing in the title you want to watch.  It truly is the best thing I have ever bought
I love it so I bought one for my husband for his TV in the front room. He uses it more than I do. The voice control a big plus. Sherry:)
I love it!  The voice command to the remote doesn't work great, but everything else about it is awesome.  It is much nicer to use my bigger TV for this stuff than use my laptop.
I love (LOVE) my Kindle Fire, and still feel it's one of the best gifts I have ever received.  I purchased a Prime membership shortly after getting my Kindle, and never really used the videos because I didn't enjoy the &#34;small screen&#34; experience to watch them on.  The Amazon Fire TV has opened up a whole new world of viewing for me, and I am beyond thrilled.  There are so many wonderful choices, from classics to current, tv shows/series and movies.  There is only one problem...There just aren't enough hours in the day to watch everything!  :)Thank you Amazon!  This is really great!
I love love the amazon fire TV. Finally something I can maneuver! I also am no techie but this is so easy. I set it up myself. I highly recommend this.
I love my Amazon Fire!  Easy to use straight out of the box.  Plug and play.  Voice recognition is awesome.  I find it much easier and more intuitive than Roku to use.  Highly recommend!
I love my Amazon Fire! The voice search is great, it has a simple interface that's easy to use.  It doesn't take up much space and allows me to watch movies, t.v. shows, play games or listen to music with little effort.
I love my Amazon Fire TV however the only difficult starting point was how to operate the keyboard with only the clicker and no prior instructions. There is no keyboard on the clicker. However, as soon as I got it synchronized with my wireless, the learning curve went up exponentially and got easier and easier as time passed. The voice command is easy to use and actually helps find those hard to find movies. I highly recommend Amazon Fire TV. Oh, also get Amazon Prime.
I love my Amazon Fire TV.  If you have a prime membership with Amazon this is the best thing going.  I have Comcast cable and many of the TV series for previous seasons, you have to buy and with the Fire TV and so many choices makes this a &#34;no brainer&#34; choice.
I love my Amazon Fire TV I watch all my favorite shows and movies because most of them are Prime anyway. The games are fun and exciting to play also. I also got the game controller to play all the games with. I love being able to search for movies by title with voice commands and being able to search for movies with specific actors. I have found movies with actors in them I did not previously know of and plan on watching. The fast start up of the videos I chose is awesome. I just click it and it starts right away. No stuttering or waiting for videos to load or pausing of the video during play. sharp clear picture and great graphics rendering for games. the only thing it is lacking is a keyboard and mouse usb connection and ability to surf the web. I forsee a wireless keyboard and mouse funtion and internet app in the future to make it the perfect device for entertainment. It does have one slot for a usb keyboard which is handy but a wireless keyboard and mouse interface would be ideal.
I love my fire t.v. I had a google t.v. hisense or whatever it's called. I actually gave it away happily. The fire t.v. is the best 100.00 I have ever spent as far as television/movie access aparatus. I love my fire t.v. and it was already set up to my amazon account. I just needed to put in my wifi password. Even netflix is a breeze now.
I love my Fire TV!  It is more than I expected.  With my Prime, I have some wonderful movies and TV to watch.  Then there. Is the connection to Hula and Netflix.  I have watched so little cable tv it seems a waste to have.
I love my roku 1 it is great. I have a chromecast as well. But this new box is great. Just need more apps and whatever someone thinks up. Cheap enough To have one in every house. I think it is just a stast to something big.
I love that I can now catch up on TV shows that I forgot to record for the season, new shows that are a couple of seasons in, and, of course, movies. I also love that I can play games when I am looking to waste a few minutes, and the exercise apps are great for routines when I am looking for something different. The voice control works perfectly! I was already an Amazon Prime customer. So, this device just made sense for me to get. I find I go to my Amazon Fire TV more than I go to my DVR nowadays. AND...no commercials!
I love that I can search by voice and that there are so many movies I can watch with my Prime membership.
I love that it is quad core. It is super fast. I am solo impressed. :) Thinking about buying another one to put in my bedroom. I have an Apple TV and I have almost all Apple in my house and I could tell a big difference between the Amazon Fire and Apple TV. They are both easy to install and easy to use, the difference is in the speed and performance.
I love that the Fire is so easy to install and is intuitive. We already had streaming netflix but had to watch it through our Wii player. That was a real pain and the Wii remote wasn't really very effective when trying to search for and select shows to watch. Next we tried hooking up an HDMI cord to our laptop but that was awkward as well. The 6 foot cord stretched to the laptop and people had to pay attention not to trip over it when we were watching a film. The Amazon fire has solved all of our home entertainment dilemma's
I love the Amazon Fire TV. I have it in my office and catch up on some of my favorite shows while I work, streaming for free through Amazon Prime. Perfect for what I need! :)
I love the Amazon Fire TV. I love how easy it is to use and find shows quickly for my three year old grandson. We bought this product thinking it would be nice for Netflicks . I was very pleasantly surprised at how well the voice activation work!!!!! Such a plus when looking for a certain show. Our Amazon Prime is wonderful to use. We plan to buy at least one more if not two.
I love the amazon mini tv-it is so really good and convenient..  You can watch all you want on many different places, Pandora Netflix amazon amazon prime are all together, that's groovie
I love the feature of voice search.  I like it much more than Roku.  Amazon Fire TV does not dissapoint!
I love the Fire.  It performs as described.  Would recommend to anyone who is looking for a device to stream Netflix, Amazon video and more.
I LOVE the Fire TV. IT was easy to set up, and only having it hooked up for 3 hours, we're on our third movie. Can't wait to play with it some more and check out the rest of the ammenities. Would definitely recommend instead of buying a smart t.v.
I love the fire tv.  The voice recognition is spot on.  The content is good and I will definitely be cutting the cable cord very soon!
I love the product very much! The only thing I wish is that the voice search worked within apps. But if you mostly use Amazon to rent and buy videos, then you'll be fine. I love the product - the size is great and the remote is sleek. Please add more apps!
I love this all you have to do is say what movie you want and there it is. Would highly recommend getting prime if you don't already have. There are a lot of movie/shows you can watch for free. If you don't have an Amazon Fire TV yet you need to order one today.
I love this, and as I was already a Prime member I didn't have to have another subscription.  Extremely easy to install. I would and have recommended this product to any and everyone.
I love this!  Games are great, as is the voice recognition.  Just what we needed for our brand new TV.
I love this!  I am thinking of getting them for every room!  Much better than Roku or any other one!
I love this!! I bought it because I've been forced to watch my amazon movies on my small laptop and when I saw this I knew I had to get it and It is wonderful. However I think they should consider having a option available for you to be able to search your Watchlist for Prime Movies and TV Shows otherwise I love this!!!!
I love this! I bought this because I wanted to watch my shows on Amazon on a TV not a computer and also watch netflix. I couldn't be happier. Easy to use and worth the money.
I love this. I do fine myself watching a lot of older movies. I wish this would work wireless to all TVs
I LOVE this! I will be honest and say I did not know what I was buying when I got this. I just thought it was a box to view my Amazon prime movies on&#8230;but it is so much more. Apps for games, live TV from all over the world and movies, movies and more movies. Three weeks after I got this we canceled our cable subscription. So much fun! Best $99.00 I have ever spent.
I love this little box. Super easy to use. Love the voice search. It makes my Prime membership so much more valuable.
I love this much better than I thought so easy to use and fast loading! Small takes up no space.
I love this option but the price of things should be listed on the thumbnails or something instead of waiting until I click on the product....but hey, that's marketing for ya.
I love this product.  It is small, easy to use and fits the lifestyle of my family.  I like that it has a variety of options (Netflix, games, etc.) other than Amazon Prime.  I normally do not buy the newest items out there until I have heard other reviews but I took a chance because I have been so satisfied with the other Amazon products/services.
I love this product. the voice search is what I like the most compared to other brands. I got the product the next day it was great
I love this skirt. It fits perfectly, is super comfortable and I always get tons of compliments when I wear it.
I love this thing, had access to every thing you need to cut the cable. The voice activation works fantastically, I just wish it worked for Netflix and Hulu. Very happy.
I love this thing!This has much better hardware than the Roku and is the main reason why I purchased it. Despite this fact, it is the software that will make or break it. The apps that are on it work very well, but they are no where near as many as on the Roku. But give it time and I suspect the Fire TV will be filled with as many great apps as the Roku.Note to Plex users: Plex subtitles do not work that great and are out of sync. Also HDHomeRun currently does not work in Plex on this device.
I love using this device to find and watch movies and to play the many games and apps provided. Great
I'm an Amazon Prime member and this is Perfect for me. I had a Roku previously that was acting up, I replaced it with Fire TV. This is a very solid unit and compact. It is very fast to respond and I haven't any issues with lag or reloads. I am glad I got it...
I'm happy that I purchased the Amazon Fire TV. It was easy to install, doesn't take up much space, and the remote range is so good that I was able to put it on a high shelf out of sight and it still worked. I like it so much I may purchase a second one for another room.
I'm in my mid 40's so I don't do gaming , but this is a great addition to my tv. It has everything I like. Very very easy set up . It basically set itself up. Videos stream very good. Great purchase
I'm not really concerned with comparing it to any other streaming devices on the market.  I like it because It's great.  The only thing that I would change If I were the Ad team at Amazon would be to let the public know that: The Netflix and Hulu services that you offer for free pertains ONLY TO THE APP!  Customers still have to subscribe via a monthly usage fee.  Other than that, I'm thinking about getting another one for somewhere else in the house.  However, I will make sure that I can buy 100 if I want to on my single user account before I make that step.  Thanks Amazon Fire TV!  The wife loves it!!!  (I do too!)
I'm really happy with my Amazon Fire TV.  It's a great way to stream TV and it plays games! Now all it needs is a decent version of Slender Man.
I'm still getting used to it, and I'm sure that there's much more I can &#34;do&#34; with the device, but for what I've done, I love it.  Easy to install (even for this senior citizen), easy to use.  Make a mistake, and it's forgiving. Not much you can do wrong! Once I use it more, it will compile a 'recommended' list which matches my interests.  Browsing for now does just fine.  I've seen documentaries and movies I've wanted to see but missed at the theater.  Now I will have to pry myself off the couch to get to my favorite rivers!
I'm thrilled with it, plug and play.Couldn't be happier, easy to use, easy to figure out. Well made. Great product, Service!
I'm very happy with the purchase. Simple to work and much less intense than going through the myriad of options available through the internet choices on your tv. I would definitely recommend.
I'm very pleased with the product and the ease of installation.  The applications available have provided hours of entertainment.John
I'm very please with this is really good and super fast.
I'm very satisfied with my Amazon Fire TV; voice command works perfectly. No complaints.  Voice commands appear to be limited to Amazon App; would be nice to see this product advance to voice command movies on Netflix. I highly recommend this product.
Initial reaction - Upon opening the shipping box my first thought was, this can't be it. The fireTV package box is so small and I open it only to reveal an even smaller  fireTV box. The remote has a great feel to it and the fact that batteries are included is beyond awesome. I also like that when you replace the batteries you can use rechargeable batteries. (Make sure you order, if you don't have one already, an HDMI cable so you will be set upon delivery and not have to make a turn to the store.)Setup - Easy, I purchased my fireTV using my AmazonPrime account so mine came pre-registered. I plugged in the box and connected it using my Amazon HDMI cable and it was good to go.App installation - Though the app selection is limited, the apps that are available now fit my needs perfectly (that's why I decided on this set-top box for my cord cutting endeavor). The app location and selection process is quite easy and the apps download in a reasonable amount of time. Don't let the limited selection deter you from purchasing this box, I'm more than sure Amazon is actively and aggressively working to add more.Voice search - Right on and it definitely makes the search and selection process easy.App log in - So far I've only logged into Hulu, but I was giving the option to either enter my information with the remote or to enter the code given on the screen into the Hulu website on my PC. Awesome idea, definitely streamlined the process and it beats the search and enter option any day.I've only had the box for a little more than an hour and I'm not a tech guru. I will be back for a more detailed review once I have more experience with the fireTV and its apps.
In spite of it's missing the Amazon cloud player and an ordinary assortment of widgets, it does broadcast in Dolby Digital+, a really nice thing to do.  It integrates well with my receiver (Yamaha RX-V573).  Sure, it's a total portal to my Amazon content and Plex ix not the Amazon cloud player, which should have been released with Fire TV.It does some good things and if you have a ton of Amazon content, it's worth it.  As a prime customer, mine came set up for my account, installation time was about 2 minutes.
Installs in minutes, incredibly easy to use.  ! ordered one, used it, and immediately bought another for the bedroom and got rid of the bedroom cable box.
Interface is user friendly, along with the voice search function places this a step ahead it's competitors. Installation in mere minutes! If you are considering Apple TV or Roku, both I have tried, the Amazon Fire TV tweaks both out due to voice search!!! Simply sublime. :)
In the beginning, I thought this box was crap. After one week of playing and getting to know the Fire TV, I have to say this box rocks! It's fast, lightning speed. The 2 gig comes in handy, it downloads while you watch and I have not seen any lagging or waiting for videos to load. Reliable, have not crashed so far. Outperform compared to Ruko and Apple 3 boxes. Apple 3 is fancy looking and very controlling. Fire TV lot lot faster than Apple 3. Ruko is not worth it. You should check it out and do yourself a service. Use the best in the market.
in the middle out and had to wait for it to reboot I'm glad Im glad I purchased the Amazon Fire TV thank you.
I only had one TV that was not a &#34;smart TV&#34;--the Amazon Fire TV has taken care for that for me.
I only have basic cable but have belonged to Netflix (dvds) for years and wanted the ability to stream without paying $100 a month to the cable company.  Although I did have to update my modem, the Amazon Fire works like a dream.
I only use Amazon Prime and Hulu Plus, but it works well. There is still no system that reliably provides any and all the current TV shows soon after the initial showing. The Voice Command works well some of the time. It depends on the clarity and simplicity of the name being requested, and how clearly and correctly you say it. For instance; It took 8 or nine attempts for it to finally recognize Denzel Washington. The 'z' in Denzel had to be clearly ennunciated.I think that designing a good navigation system must be difficult. The Amazon Fire TV navigation is ok, but not as easy and efficient as I would like.I would like to see the Hallmark Channels included in the available networks.
I only use it to watch movies mostly for Netflix and Amazon Prime. I had been using an older dvd player that made the process sluggish and often impossible. The Amazon fire is very quick to load the movie menus and once I choose a movie it is nearly instantaneous. I have not experienced any of the stopping in the middle of a movie as I often did with my dvr. I have never used any of the other current streaming boxes or games so I really can't compare to them. For my purpose it would be really hard to improve on the Fire TV.It was easy to set up and being a prime member it was nearly ready to go once I plugged it in. The box is small and sits under my flat screen mostly unnoticeable. Thats how I like it. I don't need a pretty one, just one that does what it is supposed to do and stays out of the way.
I ordered my new Fire TV on the first day it was announced and I love it, love it, love it!  The voice feature works perfect and is so cool!  I would strongly recommend the Fire TV!!!
I ordered the above as I was going in for Surgery.I new I could only use one hand for three month's and was not looking forward the summer reruns.I also bought Prime membership.Now I can Watch T.V. or Movies for free.The Amazon Fire TV has made my recovery more bearable.
I ordered this because there does not seem to be anything worth watching on TV.  What a surprise when I opened the box and found this tiny little box about the size of two decks of cards.  It was hooked up and operating in less than 2 minutes.  The choices of movies and TV programs are exceptional.
I orginally owned the Chromecast for watching netflix in my bedroom with a non-Smart Flatscreen TV. Chromecast with netflix only works if your cellphone is powered on. With the Fire TV, I have alot of media available at my fingertips. Great Product.
I own two Apple TVs and I have to say that I like the interface of the Amazon Fire TV better. It was easy to setup and the remote has more options than the Apple TV remote. This also has games and apps and even an app for Plex, which is a media server you can use to store all of your *.mpg, *.mp4, and *.avi movies. If that makes no sense to you, just ignore it but know that it means you can do more with the Amazon Fire TV than just watch Amazon Prime, Hulu, or Netflix on it. I highly recommend this product, even over Google Chromecast.
I plan on getting another for another room in the house because its that awesome. I just need to get it to work with my harmony Logitech remote so i don't have 2 remotes.
I purchased Amazon Fire TV to replace cable tv. The first channels I watched/listened to was Pandora and Vevo. I absolutely loved it! I have also watched Netflix and Hulu with Fire tv. I am still checking out the other channels. It would be nice though if there were more movie channels that offer free movies. But overall, very happy with this product!!
I purchased a wireless Roku that had terribly streaming problems. Every time the audio wouldn't work. I had very high speed internet service and the Roku sat next to the router. I gave up. I was going to buy the highest model Roku had, but I bought the Amazon Fire TV instead. It is a wired connection plugged into the back of my wireless router and it works great! Set up was so easy! I'm not sorry I threw away a new Roku, it isn't worth the money that Amazon Fire is worth.
I purchased one, then my daughter wanted one for her room.  They work great and take up no room at all by your TV.
I purchased the Amazon Fire TV as a birthday gift for myself.  I wanted to get more out of my Prime membership as I love watching movies when I have the time.  The Fire allows me to watch movies whenever I'd like.  Definitely not a tech savvy person however this unit was easy to set up.  Love the voice search option.I viewed the Fire TV page on Amazon and looked at all the requirements however didn't see anything that stated how much Internet speed was needed to handle the Fire.  That would be something important to know before purchasing the Fire.  I did get in touch with Live Chat and was able to find out the answer to my question.You'll not see a lot of helpful information from my post.  I'm not tech savvy (as I mentioned earlier) however this little unit does work its magic enough for me to enjoy movies.  I am looking forward to watching so many movies that I've missed and so many classics that I've yet to see.
I purchased the Amazon Fire TV because I love movies and old TV shows and would route them through my computer to my TV. Amazon Fire TV provides a much better, crisper picture than what I had been doing for both Amazon Prime and Netflix. It was easy to set up and the voice command has been accurate every time I have used it. I highly recommend to anyone who is looking to view Amazon Prime content or any other content... love it
I purchased the Amazon Fire TV because I love movies and old TV shows and would route them through my computer to my TV.  Amazon Fire TV provides a much better, crisper picture than what I had been doing for both Amazon Prime and Netflix.  It was easy to set up and the voice command has been accurate every time I have used it.  I highly recommend to anyone who is looking to view Amazon Prime content or any other content.
I purchased the Amazon Fire TV in preparation of ridding myself of cable TV.  It is all I expected and more. I replaced my Apple TV device with it and have not looked back. It was simple to set up and acted just as advertised. The voice search feature is a joy to use and a million times better than using an onscreen keyboard. As an Amazon Prime subscriber I am enjoying many new programs, movies and other app choices.Loving it !!
I purchased the Fire TV (and controller) based upon the Amazon description of the items and my actual experience has fully met my expected experience.  The items arrived in a timely manner, were very straightforward to install and sync, and for the most part perform in a very intuitive manner.  I've always found Amazon's help feature to be very supportive and this was no exception. I contacted help to ask about apps/games that appear on my Kindle as opposed to apps/games that appear on the Fire TV. The answer, which seemed reasonable to me, was that games/apps are available on the Fire TV as the developer modifies the use for that format. I understand that............as time goes on more games/apps will be available.  I found the mini tutorial video hosted by a cartoon character gentleman to be just the right approach.  From a technical perspective the system shows no lag, the voice search has worked better than I expected.......(I find it to be very good), and the controller is comfortable to use (or so my granddaughter tells me).  I would purchase this again without any hesitation.
I purchased this Amazon fire TV a couple weeks ago all.  I thought it was way too good to be true and so took my time to finally install it.However, what I have seen tonight after working with it this is every bit as good as they say and probably far better than I've been able to figure out at this point!  To say it is awesome is an understatement.This is my first night using it. I am not much in the gaming and my controller is on order.  However, from what I am seeing tonight, this is great.And I must tell Amazon, we the people in Florida hate you for the way you have sold.  Build warehouses somewhere else and don't screw us with the tax.
I purchased this to replace the direct tv in my living room. My grandkids absolutely love it. Everytime they come over they play the games on it and everyone has to voice search Gary Busey! I don't like that it doesn't have Vudu and alot of shows that I would like to see on it. But with it being new, that's to be expected. Continue adding new programs, it's a great buy!
I rated this a 5 star because it has so many free apps and features that it never gets boring or old I am so impressed with words aren't enough to express how I truly feel about this product. Some of the things I really like would be that after so many minutes that your away from it that it turns itself into a screen changer with some of the most beautiful pictures that I have ever seen. There is no on and off switch so if you was to forget or have to worry about turning it off then the problem is already solved for you. The disadvantage would be the voice search does not always understand what your saying and it only works for the amazon prime movies or tv shows instead of working with all apps that you have. Overall I do highly recommend  Amazon Fire TV it is on of the best streaming devices out.
I really do love the Amazon Fire TV.  It was so easy to hook up.  I normally have trouble with any electronics, but this one was a breeze.  It has worked very well.  So far I have only caught up on Downtown Abbey, but hope to watch a movie this weekend.I love old movies and thought that most of them would be free or at least free with Prime.  I'm a little disappointed in the fact that so many of them must be bought or rented.  I haven't looked at nearly all of them, but I did pull up some Cary Grant movies and even the least well known are not free.Over all I am very pleased with this purchase and look forward to more &#34;free&#34; choices.
I really like how easy it is to use and access both Netflix and Amazon Prime.It is SO MUCH EASIER than accessing through XBox
I really like the Amazon Fire TV. Love the voice-activated remote, how easy it is to find apps, the selection of apps, ease of installation, and compactness of the product. I will say that with the voice command, if you just start up Amazon Fire TV it will automatically take you to a show or movie on Amazon Prime. You need to be in an app (like Netflix or Hulu) to find a show. I really love that there's a screen savor when you pause a show too. Just found that out yesterday! There are so many other features I've yet to discover but as far as the basics, so far so good! Definitely get yours!!
I really like the Fire TV box so far.  The voice search thing is pretty good, but I just wish it had the ability to surf the internet.
I really like the how the fire comes with the voice search.  This is extremely helpful when searching for my children's shows.
I really like this device.  It makes using Prime a breeze.  It also has a number of apps that I use all the time now (eg.  IHeart Radio.)  This past week I installed XBMC on it and now I can access all my music and movies on my NAS.  XBMC offers a whole bunch of other apps and skins to make it your own.  I'm still playing with XBMC but am happy with it so far.  Instructions on how to do this are on the internet with videos.  Amazon needs to include XBMC as an available app.I am now thinking of getting SONOS speakers so I can have music in different zones with the Fire TV.I wish Amazon or someone would come up with an Android and/or Apple app to control the Fire TV with a smart phone or tablet from anywhere in the house.  My AV Receiver has that capability and it is great.Still playing.
I really like this product. It is a good upgrade from Logitec Revue. It was easy to install and will be enjoyed.
I really like this thing but I don't know how much &#34;prime&#34; is and it does not recognize my voice but it does my husband's.  That's a bit strange.
I really like this unit.Easy to install and to operate.A great selection of content.The packaging of all Amazon products is a &#34;thing of beauty&#34;.Good work.
I really love it. It really expands the streaming horizon,the selections seem endless and the vocal search is so Avant-garde. I love it.
I really only use it for streaming Netflix but I'm enjoying the other features. The voice search works great. I was torn between the Fire and a Roku and I am really thrilled with my choice.
I received it today and hooked it up to my TV.  Wow, talk about quick and easy setup!  Absolutly love the talk to remote search feature!  It loads up faster than my Samsung TV and Smart DVD players and I love the next exposed auto play feature on Netflix.  As for a firmware update, it did update as soon as I hooked it up, so whatever the earlier issues were, I think they are fixed.  The small size and RF remote lets me tuck it out of sight and it still works great where I always had to open mu cabinets to use my line of sight remotes.  I'll update this review later it anything changes, but right now I feel this is the best video streamer on the market.
I received my Amazon Fire TV today and in two minutes had it set up.  It was so easy to install.  I have already watched some TV shows on it and the picture, audio and quality are excellent.  I have viewed some of my photos from my Amazon Cloud on it.  There are no cons.  I love everything about it.
I received my Amazon Fire TV yesterday and followed the directions in hooking it up to the television. This is the easiest item I have ever installed. It worked perfectly from the start. Very simple to navigate the different options. Additionally, the remote controls the box, without any problem, which I placed in a closed cabinet. I am very happy with Fire TV.
I received my Amazon TV two weeks ago and am amazed at how simple it was to hook up and start watching my favorite movies.  Awesome purchase that I don't regret!
I received my FireTV with game controller and so far am very impressed. Setup took seconds and its super fast compared to other similar devices I have used before.People complaining need to realize this is a very new device so to compare content to devices that have been around for multiple years, of course it's not going to have as much right now, but IT'S COMING.The only soso I can find is limited storage space, but I am hoping that will be addressed with the usb port soon.
I received the box today and was very excited.  I found it very easy to install and now my husband is enjoying his birthday present watching all the movies he loves.  Looking forward to all the entertainment we will enjoy with this little box.
I received this as a birthday gift. What's great? The set up was easy.  Simply connect and you were there.  Within minutes you are watching videos from Amazon, or other apps.  The clarity and upload times were great.  I don't have the fastest up and down times on my internet connection, so it was incredible that the load times never suffered. And just like the commercials, it was very easy to speak into the controller to find what you are looking for.  I even searched for Gary Busey!  You know you have to after all of those commercials. This is one of the best birthday gifts I've ever received.  Two thumbs up!
I received this as a gift, and I could not be happier.The voice search works when you want it to and gets out of the way when you don't.  With some other devices, where the microphone is on constantly, you'll be watching tv and someone will say some utterly unrelated phrase like &#34;potato chip&#34; and the system (XBox, Playstation, whatever) will jump in and wait for you to finish the command.  With this, you press the button and it listens.  You don't press the button and it doesn't try to jump in to your tv show.The video clarity is perfect.  The audio is fantastic, and it autoconfigered for surround sound.  Didn't have to do a thing. Really, setup can't be any easier.  Plug it in, turn it on, you are done.  I thought I had to unplug to reboot a few times, but it turns out my HDMI cable wasn't in tightly enough.  After I fixed that the problems stopped.If you have the Kindle Fire, you can get xRay on that while watching TV, which is a feature I love.  The games definitely do better with the controller.  Overall, I think we need to see a few more apps for this, such as Crunchyroll, which are undoubtedly on the way.  For performance, for power, for ease of configuration and use, and for overall design, I'd give it five stars easily.  This is a fantastic device.
I recently got fed up with high cable/directv prices and decided to try the fire tv and a streaming video company (I went with huluplus).  i'm really impressed on how this works with just about anything.  i also was able to stream my personal movies with plex on the fire tv.  it takes almost no time at all to set up and once you do, you're all set.  one cool thing i found was if i paused and came back later, it picked up where i left off.  I highly recommend!
I recently ordered and installed the Fire TV. It was easy to set up and get started. The performance is amazing. I have had apple tv and Roku and this is my favorite by a long shot. There has been no &#34;buffer&#34; lag and the voice recognition is right on target. I have recommended this product to my family and friends. This just may be the device to make be cut the cable!
I recommence this Amazon fire TV box it's awesome and the price is good My family and I loves it we especially love enjoying it on the weekends
I started with the kindle keyboard a few years back and since I've become an Amazon devotee upgrading to the Paperwhite and getting the Kindle Fire HD as an upgrade to the first gen Fire I received as a gift. Naturally I needed to try this as well but was hesitant so when I saw the offer for the free 30 day trial I quickly jumped at the opportunity. I'm still in my trial but suffice to say that I will be keeping it.The video image and sound are great. Games, movies, music... It has everything you can possibly ask for. It even as a photo cloud drive to see your photos as a slide. It's very easy to install and have had no issues with it. I have never had a roku or anything of the like so I have nothing to compare it to but I am highly enjoying it.  Only downside I see at the moment is that I cannot listen to the music I've personally bought from Amazon but I did notice that this feature will be coming soon. I also purchased the game controller and it works great as well. This has even made me stick with Prime as I got another free trial street purchasing it. Kudos to Amazon. I just can't wait for the update to listen to my music as well.
It came next day, and when i connected it to the network cable, and hooked it up to the TV, It was ready to go. First time there's a video explaining the features, about 3 minutes long, once the video is over the unit has connected your Amazon account to the unit and your ready to watch videos. Awesome!
it does as advertised plus came with one free game and if you buy the controller they give you credit to buy an app or game for free.so, i got 2 games with it.the apps are pretty slick and fast.the voice command thingy works as advertised.interface is pretty good.as of today,they have not too many apps but at the same time they have espn,pandora,heart radio,youtube,hulu plus, a weather app that sometimes works and others dont and a few more....anyways,the setup is rather easy and you dont have  to be an expert to do it .all in all,this is a nice gaming and apps device that i personally use in conjunction with my ps3.(ps3 gets hot when its running for awhile and this device doesnt,obviously)
It does everything advertised plus a lot more. By side loading programs you can make this little box into  a great addon for you tv
It goes to Amazon Pay selections a lot, for things you can get for free, so you have to click around to see other viewing options. It's easy enough. Entering search by hand at Hulu or Netflix is much easier than our previous Sony machine, and our Wii. All in all it is the best streaming device we have had out of many machines over the last 4 years, and for a lesser price.
It has an amazingly clear and crisp picture quality. Very good product if you just want to enjoy Amazon Prime videos, Netflix videos and you tube on your tv like me.
It has exceeded my expectations. Easy to set up, easy to use. Voice activated searches have worked flawlessness. The combination of on line content coupled with free offerings to prime members provides something for every one. I especially like how the buffering and processor power provides quick access and flawless video operation.
I think everyone should have this as it makes it so easy to tune in to programs, and movies. We use it all the time.
it is a good product but you make it to where you have to have amazon prime on a lot of it. it should be set up different  than how you have it set up. I don't like the set up of the menu. but other than that it is a good product to buy.
It is great, a lot of entertainment from a little box, not need for super expensive Cable with 400+ channels anymore.
It is great for watching Amazon Prime TV and Netflix! I use this to watch my favorite shows, and they are easy to install and watch. It has a great microphone feature, where you can speak to the remote and it will search movies and TV shows without typing on the screen. Definitely recommend!
It is simple to setup...when I open it, my prime account is already there. So Amazing. It does take time to update the software when you first open it. Remember the center of circle is Enter key. Very fast and much clearer to watch compared to Xbox 360, which I have one for more than 3 years with about $50/year to maintain the capability to watch Netfix for Amazon prime. Fire TV is fantastic. The Voice search is a treat. The design is simple but very comfortable.
It is truly as easy to set us as Amazon advertises. I unpacked it, but the supplied batteries in the controller, plugged the HDMI cable into my tv and the Fire TV box, and plugged the power to the Fire TV in. Bingo I had service. My Amazon Prime account was immediately active as advertised.The time to download a movie was less than a 1/3 of the time it takes my Roku XS, and it plays the movies without ever having to stop and buffer. The quality of the image on both Amazon Prime and Netflix is amazing, much better than via my Roku XS box.The controller is a radio and doesn't need line-of-sight to have commands recognized and executed by the Fire TV box.Once Amazon Cloud Player for my music is added to the Fire TV I will be in hog heaven.
It is very easy to set up and start using.  I am thinking of getting another one for my guest bedroom. If you do not have cable, I highly recommend Amazon Fire!
It is very simple to connect and is very simple to operate.  Plus the media/apps that it provides access to is virtually limitless.
It is very user friendly and offers everything that you could possibly want. Large selections - plenty of apps. Would recommend.
I traded my ROKU for the amazon Fire and don't regret it one bit. This is a dynomite little box that allows me many viewing features and works better than my ROKU!!!
It really is as easy as the advertisements state.We love watching Amazon Tv.My husband loves the selections of radio stations.
It really is easy to set up and use. With your Prime membership there is tons to choose from for free. Renting movies is so simple and the selection is great. It's a breeze to add other Internet T.V. apps. All in all a lot of bang for your buck.
I tried one of the other devices before the Fire TV and hated it.  The Amazon Fire TV is excellent, easy to install and easy to use.
I truly like this product.  Good Job Amazon!!So far it has done everything i have been wanting.  Next item is the controller, need for minecraft, sad.
It's a great product, excelent product quality, it worked smoothly, so easy to setup, you just connect it detect network, introduce the password (if applies) and you are ready. The only thing I was worried about is that's it is not DLNA compatible, so, I don't know if I could play all my videos, phots etc I have in my network, but, thanks to Plex I could, I just download Plex App, login and it automatically detect my Plex Servers (computer and NAS) and all my stuff was ready to play.
It's easy to hook up and the variety of entertainment is good. Mainly for me it is the convenience of not having to bring my lap top out of the office and hooking it up to the TV to watch Amazon Prime, Netflix or listen to Pandora. The voice command really works!
It's easy to set up and use.  I really love it. All you do is plug it in to the TV and wall and let it update for 2-3 minutes and your on your way.  And the price was good too
It's easy to use, mobile...I can take it from the living room into the bedroom without any trouble.  It streams fast...much better than dish that drops!
It's everything I expected!  I ordered this the day it came out, not knowing that it was even coming out, I just happened to catch a news article of its release.  Since I spend a LOT of time watching Prime Instant, I took a chance and went for it.  It's a lot easier for us than hauling our laptop into the living room, hooking it up to the TV, and trying to make it work correctly.If possible, the picture on our 54&#34; HD is CLEARER using Amazon Fire TV than the picture that comes from our cable HD channels.  Very little loading time, and no buffering time - quite awesome, considering that our cable provider has crap service, and I almost always have loading time and generally at least one buffering point when I watch Amazon on my computer.However, Amazon Fire TV *really* needs more apps.  Games are fine, music is fine, but let's get some content!  And I'm not talking about content like ESPN or Showtime, where I have to have a cable subscription (either a cable package, or a channel subscription) to use them.  I want to CUT the cord, not supplement it!
It's everything promised and more.  I am really impressed with the way the voice search works.  I've never used anything better.  Order one, you'll love it!
It's going to be a long time before I watch 'regular' t.v. again.  Amazon Fire TV was so easy to set up and has such great features that I feel like I actually have control over all my content for viewing. I am technologically challenged in so many areas, but with this venue for watching t.v., movies, etc. I've got this!  So glad I purchased this!
It's great! Easy to access all content. We don't have cable tv, so this is all we use for tv watching and it's amazing. Highly recommended!