I purchased this by accident, but then again, I would presume nobody would on purpose.It's like listening to the radio, minus any songs you would probably recognize, with a tuning wheel on crack cocaine.I have nothign else to add besides offering my sympathy to fellow listeners.
should be described as various terrible, not original artist. this was the worst so called music i have listened to in 56 years!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I grew up listening to &#34;Oldies&#34;.  Of course they weren't called &#34;Oldies&#34; then, they were modern music.  So I expected the Oldies to sound like they did when they were first created.  Boy was I surprised.  All they are is heavy rock music with the lyrics of the Oldies.  If you like modern rock music then you might like these versions of the Oldies.  But if you're expecting the songs to sound like the originals, you'll be disappointed.
Its hard to review a band's music when they don't even bother to tune their guitars. Stay away from this one.
When I was a kid, my mother and father used to take us on vacation a lot. However, while other kids were vacationing at Disney World or California, my family almost always went about an hour north of where we lived to visit my grandparents at their farm. It was cool, but really, I'd much rather be taking a "real" vacation. My grandfather always had farm dogs that would help him in his daily work, or just hang out with him and keep him company as he was riding in his tractor. However, I soon noticed that every time we visited the farm, my grandfather would always have a new dog, and this perplexed me. It seemed that his dogs were prone to run away, and for the life of me, I could never figure out why. Then one day I came across some evidence that I felt would greatly explain my grandfather's runaway dog problem. I witnessed my grandfather kicking his dog. Surely this animal abuse was the answer to the question that had long perplexed me. I don't remember why my grandfather was kicking his dog, but I do remember the sound it made. It sounded a lot like Caleb Boddicker's singing.Caleb Boddicker, here known just as Boddicker, is a 20-year-old male from Mississippi. When he was just 16-years-old he produced a 22-track demo in his bedroom and proceeded to sell over a thousand copies of it. This caught the attention of several people in the music industry, including (allegedly) Issac Brock of Modest Mouse. The rest is history. But one question still remains unanswered to me. Who the hell bought this crap?The album begins with "Giant," a short intro into the nonsense that will soon follow. "Interstate 55," one of the strongest tracks on the album, begins with a simplistic acoustic guitar riff and brief organ appearances. Caleb takes his vocals a little easy at the start, but by the time he gets into the song he's singing so loudly, so badly, that any hint of vocal talent gets thrown out the window. The lyrics here are confusing, to be sure, but at the same time they're some of the best on the album. Take for example, "Well there ain't no McDonald's yet in the woods and the Lutheran Adventist Church can be hard to find." It makes little sense taken out of context, but makes even less when you consider that the majority of the song is sung about a "Missouri Dinosaur."The album's most flagrant offense is Caleb's insistence on shelving actual singing for what can only be described as yelping, howling, barking, or any other sound you might expect a dog in immense pain to make. "When I Go Out" is a prime example of how an otherwise decent song is slaughtered by Boddicker's inability to carry a tune. Here, Brian Deck's talents as a producer shines, but not much else. The strongest track on the album, "Pretty Baby (Part I),"would be the weakest on any other album by any other artist. It's essentially 5 minutes of Boddicker repeating "You're my sweet pretty baby and I love you so much. I want to t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-touch" to no end. It's catchy in it's simplicity, but at the same time, it's a song that a 10-year-old could write. But a 10-year-old could probably perform it better.The album is filled from beginning to end with disappointment. I've listened to the album multiple times for the sake of reviewing it, but honestly if anyone manages to listen to this entire album without skipping a track or taking a break I'd be shocked. You may make it most of the way through, but once you get to "Bon Vivant" you're pretty much going to give up on it. "Bon Vivant" is the single worst song I have ever heard in my entire life. It makes you wonder, "Who listens to this and thinks 'Dang, that is awesome'?" At his absolute best, Boddicker sounds like a poor man's version of Daniel Johnston or Alec Ounsworth, but a direct comparison to either of those artists would be an injustice beyond compare.When I first put Boddicker's "Big Lionhearted and the Gallant Man" into my CD player, I was pretty excited. I was familiar with Brian Deck's previous works with Modest Mouse and Iron and Wine, and had high hopes that Boddicker would be the "next big thing." Even as I listened through the album the first time, I was holding out for the greatness that I thought would surely be revealed as the album progressed. What I got, however, was an extreme disappointment in Boddicker and a dismal new outlook on the music world. "Big Lionhearted and the Gallant Man" is the single worst album I've ever tortured my ears with. It is unbearably disappointing; a thousand times worse than thinking you're vacationing in Disney World, only to find out that you're going to your grandparent's farm.Recommended to no one. Do not support this garbage.Key Tracks:1. "Interstate 55"2. "Pretty Baby (Part I)"3. "First We Store Up"1 out of 10 Stars
Ok, so I'll admit that I bought this cd after hearing only one song (the decemberists cover of fleetwood mac, track 1).  I thought that was pretty good and figured, how bad can it be?  Now I wish I had only bought that song, it would have saved me the money and there are a number of songs on this cd that were so bad that I may actually delete them from my computer.  Of special note is the remake of "sister christian" - I have heard bad karaoke of this song that sounded better.  Seriously, if you can't hit the notes pick a different song!  My recommendation is to save your money, while a few of the songs on this cd are good, the originals in every case are better.
This is not the current White Lies band from England. This self-titled album was released in 1996 by a Phillipine rock group who came up with the band name White Lies before the current and more popular British alternative/post punk band. The British White Lies released their first album, "To Lose My Life" in 2009 so if one does their research they won't accidentally buy this album from this Phillipine band.
This was supposed to be digital downloads of the Happily Ever After: Fairy Tales for Every Child TV series soundtrack!!!  What is this?
I like Helmet but this sucks, low quality recordings also which is annoying, i deleted all but Taken. oh well
I absolutely adore Lullatone and this album is wonderful.  However, the mp3 version is un-listenable due to file corruption.  I pointed this out to Amazon MP3 a few months ago and they refunded my money for the downloads and said to check in a few days, but the mp3s are still corrupted 3 months later.  Just check the preview of track 6 (Morning Coffee) to see what I mean.Amazon has since failed to respond to my further requests to have the mp3's re-ripped.  And I don't buy physical media anymore...
The bands covering most of these songs miss the mark by such a long shot that it's laughable. These covers, with possibly one exception for Bulls on Parade, are completely untrue to the spirit of the original. While I could tolerate one or two mellow covers, when the entire album sounds like open mic night at a local coffee shop it puts me to sleep. These people aren't raging against the machine, they've politely asked it to halt and wouldn't mind waiting as long as it takes for that to happen.
Googled 'movie soundtrack - A Clockwork Orange.' Amazon.com results indicated availability through Amazon.com MP3 downloads by going to this link. Obviously NOT the soundtrack from Stanley Kubrick's "A Clockwork Orange"
I should have been tipped off that something was wrong when the guitars in the preview sounded heavier that how I remembered. This remake completely lacks the sound qualities that made the original so great.Follow the link below to get the original you were most likely after.[url=http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00175EYBS/ref=sr_1_album_2_rd?ie=UTF8&child;=B00175EUF8&qid;=1254384937&sr;=1-2]I Ran (So Far Away)[/url]
Song is a rerecording, not original artist as stated.  If you are going to sell covered music, please note that's what they are.
This is not the song we all remember and love!  This is a BAD remake, by some of the original band members.  You probably do not want this version!
was hoping to get the original "I Ran" but that isn't what this one is - still looking for the right version by the original bandfor all I can tell this isn't even seagulls playing the tune....
This mp3 song is not the same song I remember. This edition is not as good either. I had sampled the other mp3 in Amazon and the samples all sounded the same.
It did not play. I couldn't get the cd to play at all.. This was my first bad experience with amazon
This Mp3 download is being perpetuated under Nick Lowe's billing. There is no connection to Nick Lowe with any of this band's output. The reviews that are posted on here have nothing to do with this album. You will find the same reviews under the product that these reviews refer to. If you think you are downloading Nick Lowe's album "Nick Lowe & His Cowboy Outfit", you are not. This is some band named the Outfit unrelated to Nick Lowe.
Give this one a pass. The sound is terrible, the girls can't sing, the "humor" is weak, and the songs fall flat. If attitude alone were enough, they might get two stars.
The music was filmed live over 5 years ago, and out of the 28 songs, I have interest in buying 2. However, Image Entertainment expects us to spend the overpriced amount on a full dated album, therefore, it is currently Amazon Bestsellers Rank: #138,220.  If we were able to buy just the songs we care about, then they would have sales.  Imagine all the people that skipped this album due to this moronic marketing failure. Wake up!
The disonance in this tune truly hurts. The grating on my ears made me feel jumpy and nervous. If this were the first song I ever heard from AF, they would not be on any of my play lists. Ick.
I think I know the effect this guy is trying to create but he needs singing lessons. the musical instruments and his voice crash with discord, he sounds tone deaf.
My girlfriend left this at my house and said, "Here, you might like this."  Found it tonight while I was cleaning, threw it in and my mouth has been hanging open ever since.  It's just... bad.  There's no other way to describe it.  I'm old... grew up on Black Flag, DK's, Circle Jerks, Misfits and the like.  I also dig Snoop, Cyrpus Hill, The Distillers, Queenadreena... a wide variety of things beyond the scope of this review.  Basically anything but new country and opera has its high points.But this.My god.  Lyrics are almost cool in places but if they hit on a catchy or cool phrase, they repeat it about 100 times.  This isn't song writing.  This is crap.  Repetitive. Boring.  Crap.  "I'm not done misbehave'n" constitues about 70% of the lyrics on the entire album it seems like.The lead vocals are horrible.  I like good screaming... hell, you don't even have to sing to impress me.  But this is just annoying.Tunes are almost catchy but the words are so insipid as to be offensively boring to even the most inexperienced high school punker.  Do yourself a favor... listen to the samples realllllly close before you buy this one.  Then pass and go buy the Misfits Earth A.D. or The Distillers Coral Fang or Peaches or QueenAdreena or... maybe a circular saw from the tool department.  Any of these will sound better.I'm on the bonus track now... I'm not sure whether to sell this disc or put it in my skeet thrower.
I have been listening to Arcade Fire since their first release titled Arcade Fire which was an outstanding record and one incidentally you can't download, it has to be purchased as a CD but is well worth it.  On 'Arcade Fire' they did 'All Cars Go' and it was an amazing song.  I lost that CD years ago and was trying to get the single, praying it was the version off the first record but it wasn't.  The remake goes off on a tangient and takes unnecessary liberties and 'artistic license' which in my opinion totally ruins the song.  If you even kind of like 'All Cars Go' you need to get the first record and check out that version.  Why they thought it would be a good idea to redo a perfect song is beyond me.
Track ten is defective. Don't buy it. I've tried Amazon, iTunes, and Rhapsody and all use the same defective mastering. It skips, there's holes in it and what sounds like the digital version of bad splices. It is unlistenable. Gorgeous song, ruined.
I dun tell ya folkes wut! This musik dun spekes to me! Dun says dat only tru patreats dun b repubilikan. Yee Haw! Bush is rite, iz such a tru sonn, dus not take a jeneus to figger out that Saddam dun put da WMDs in a rokkit and dun shot dem to mars. Thats where they dun be! That part bout Franse bein' ron is so funny! I dun coffed a lung! Yee Haw! Ime also gonna buy da best of da 1/2 Hour comidy Hour on Fox news! I'll be da one of only 4 people who dun doo so! Yee Haw! Buy dese sonns, they dun iz tru! And vote repubilikan, or git out of Amerikah, you French commy terrerist!
I loved district six all the way through but after she got done saluting I think she took a big dump then called it good
Actually, this wouldn't be a bad piece of work if the band, in their writing, playing and singing, hadn't included so much pure, unadulterated suck. There's only so much suck you can put into music before people will begin to notice. 50% suck, 60% suck, well, people tolerate percentages like that all the time. But when you get up over 98% or so, people notice and start to kind of focus on the suck. That's the problem here. This is easily 99% suck, and you really notice how much suck there is.
not even what i thought it was i thought i was buying whiskey dawn , how do you return this back to amazon.com
I found this CD when I was searching for "Journey's Greatest Hits" - and it occurred to me: How can someone have a 'greatest hits' CD when they have never had a hit? Isn't that an oxymoron or something?
This sucks. No wonder nobody bought it... Boo (throws tomato).  It goes to show you that anyone can record an album of worthless songs and get them on amazon and itunes.
I have never offered a review before, but as a fan of what NIN used to be, I couldn't let these obnoxious, overrated, fanboy reviews stand.  The only question I have is whether this was a cheap stunt to test the internet market without risking any good music, of if he has just run out of good ideas.My grandmother would enjoy this music.  That's not what I was looking for when I purchased this.  I seriously regret buying this album, and if I had purchased this as a CD, it would already be returned.
It is really sad that this is what Nine Inch Nails has become.  The sounds on this album are far from industrial rock / metal and even electronica.  This album lacks passion and intensity.  If you need some repetitive laid back noise to turn on when you are blitzed out of your mind, this might do the job.  For any other condition you're in, this album is likely to go in the trash before back in the cd player.
just never got me interested. listened once and never again. i can see what he was trying to do, but it just wasnt for me.
This album is terrible. Where are the lyrics? The songs sound so plain without the emotion that lyrics would provide. I wish I could have my $5 back to get a Quarter Pounder meal.
this warning applies only to the vinyl edition of GHOSTS I_IV.  due to the necessity of using lighter vinyl-weight in order to squeeze four records into a two-record folio, all four records and cover warped terribly.  there is no booklet here either, which is a little letdown.  NO BOX SET as was previously advertised, AMAZON took off that descriptive term after i requested it removed.the vinyl edition was warped and badly.  the music is unquestionably some of Trent's best work.  i love the CD, and i hoped the record would be of quality that i have come to expect AND receive from NIN.  but corners were cut with GHOSTS I-IV vinyl edition.  if they come out with a 150 gm BOX SET i'll buy it, but the folio is useless for four skinny records.sorry Trent.
Dont get me wrong I love trance and techno and house music.  I also love NIN but seriously this isnt and should not have been released as a NIN album, which I dont think it was really claimed to be as such, but the name is there.  Its way too mellow and dull and without Trent going on about God, politics, sex or love into the mic well, its just sounds that anyone could have made.
What a waste of the 63Mb download bandwidth. I own previous NIN albums, and rate some of them pretty good, but in the first instalment of Ghost I'm sorely dissappointed. It's a self-indulgent meandering of rubbish. Hope the others are better. Really.
Reznor records himself sitting on his keyboard....shuffles his buttocks around a bit....and then sells it.....
People ripped into 'With Teeth,' and its not half as bad as most of the reviews make it out to be.  If it takes 5 years to make anything, take 5 years!  Atleast it will be real!  Atleast, the emotion sensed from the work will be life-like, whether sad or happy or whatever!  This sounds like it was just meshed together for the hell of it.  There's pictures of equipment here like "this is it guys, here's where it happens."  I really don't know what this was suppose to be (this, or the last 2 'conceptions').  I think 'The Slip' is going to flow in the same direction.
Honestly, i think this is a joke at our expense. Sort of a "let's see if people will buy anything we put out" kind of deal. Now, I admit, $5 is NOT a lot to spend, so I'm not angry (what is that, a gallon of gas these days?), but as a musician myself, i find that about 70% of the "ghosts" are unfinished tripe that most people would toss away. There are a few nice pieces in there- nothing as good as any of the instrumentals on The Fragile, but they are not bad. The rest of it though... I really think Trent and Co. are sitting in their lodge, sipping hot chocolate and laughing while the rest of us are out in the cold night not quite getting the fact that we've been fooled.Oh, and please, DO NOT compare Ghosts I-IV to Radiohead's In Rainbows. Aside from the self-distribution (which Keith Caputo did a while ago) there is no other similarity. In Rainbows contains SONGS, Ghosts I-IV contains SOUNDBYTES. I admire the premise, but i am disappointed with the result.
This is utter garbage! I have every NiN album on hard copy, love them all in their own rights. This music is not fit for public consumption. It may be useful to someone that needs samples for creating industrial sounding music. I would call this a white label samples album, it really is just boring noise. For those that said "this is like classical but better" are gravely mistaken. The music here is generally unlistenable. If you want a lot of atmospheric, boring, NiN produced MUZAK to sleep by, this is it!
Yes, it's true the members of the Move (Roy Wood, Jeff Lynne, Bev Bevan and Rick Price) eventually morphed into such entities as ELO and Roy Wood's Wizzard (to name but two)... but this ISN'T that same Move! My advice for those who need a Brum Beat fix: AVOID this album and seek out "The Move", "Shazam", "Looking On", "Message From The Country", "Live at the Fillmore", and "The Move Anthology".
Total scam, it says that you are buying the whole album but you only get one song (and it's a great album, 2 great albums actually) but this download is totally a rip off.
I purchased this because it was purported to be the entire Murphy's Law "Back with a Bong" album - a great old album - but instead only got the "A Day in the Life" track.  Not a bad track, but the title and prior reviews are completely misleading, as you will NOT receive the entire Murphy's Law album, let alone 2 like the one review stated.  You will ONLY get the Day in the Life track.
It is kinda weird to see a middle-aged woman trying to start a music career. Nice effort but this so-called &#34;singer&#34; has no talent at all.
whew!  For real????  There may be one diamond in that entire rough... and I stress "may be", but I haven't found it yet.  Good luck finding it.
I have sent queries through to establish why I have yet to receive my items ordered.  This is now a week and a half passed the estimated delivery date!  When can I expect delivery?
I was expecting something more from this than what it actually is, especially since this was identified as the band's most popular recording. The four songs are really just four variations of a rhythm or jam. The bigger issue is that they take too long to get underway so that the listener is sitting waiting for the music to actually start, which occurs well into the track, and any real substance doesn&#8217;t occur until the last quarter of the track. The second issue is the quality of the mix and the variations in audio recording levels.My wife jokingly called the tracks the drum track, the bells track, the whistling track, and the other drum track based on how each one starts and the predominant sound for the first couple of seconds.I was expecting something more chant like with mediational possibilities but the reality is that the tracks are purely psychedelic in nature and the sound is harsh and overpowering.
I've been a fan of The Faint ever since the release of Media. I was rather disappointed with "Wet From Birth", but little did I know, that their next release would be pure garbage. I've boycotted this album amongst all of my friends, and giving it 1 star is giving it too much credit. THE FAINT ARE FINISHED.
Tiring loops of repetition lacking depth  - this release by radio jesus is repetitive and without depth. This R Henry guy seems to use the same vocal effects on every song and only seems to use 1 synth as well with the same sounds he has used on his last 3 albums. R Henry should really try studying Peter Murphy music to hear a similar style with much more depth and arrangement.
This is false advertising, I dont remember any of these songs from the show, dont waste your money, these are none of the songs played in the show.
Never in my life have I encountered a band so shamelessly derivative. They sound just like the post-Danzig Misifits and follow that largely uninspired lead like trained dogs, right down to an album cover image of Frankenstein with a devilock hairdo. Skip this and stick with the real thing, namely the stuff from the Misfits' Danzig years, especially the albums "Walk Among Us" and "Static Age." Why listen to Plan 9 when you can hear the original band that they so slavishly ape?
I'm just asking because it's horrible.  Nevermind that the original was a work of genius or inspiration, this retread offers nothing new aside from some very grating electronica noise and padding.This is a picture-perfect poster boy for why remixes are a much maligned musical medium; they are often terrible.(Hope you enjoyed the alliteration!)
When better albums are made, this fellow is unlikely to be the one making them.
a little bit vacuous new country and a little bit wimpy boy music ala Counting Crows.  A vast donut hole of a record.
Not the Ken Block I was hoping for.  Will the real Ken Block please stand up?  When I hear Ken Block and Drift in the same sentence I think of DC Shoes, Subaru, Monster, and Drifting, not some other dude named Ken Block that decided to name his album drift.
Do I even need to explain why this receives such a low rating?  I didn't think so.
I don't get why people are intriqued by him. He's awful.  I don't even want the free song.  I still wish him luck with his dream...his music is just not for me.
Simply put - this album is living proof that you don't have to have talent to get a record deal. Any questions?
Let's all PLEASE remember that Andy Warhol suggested that everybody would be famous for 15 MINUTES! At this rate, this absolute LOSER owes us all about 1680 HOURS of repayment! I don't care how much the tweeny-bopper crowd thought they could rersurrect the consistently FAILING efforts of this wanna-be karaoke HACK, the fact is, he wasn't good enough for AI and he sure as HE#@ is NOT even REMOTELY worthy of a RECORDING!The vocal quality of this regurgitated pop vomit serves as nothing more than a reminder of his FAILED efforts on AI. PLEASE save yourself the paltry sum requested for this wretched piece of pop garbage and spend it on something more satisfying and soothing...such as a urethral razor scraping or a scalding soap suds colonic. EITHER of those would be 10-fold more enjoyable than this rejectable caterwauling! I only gav e this ONE STAR just so I could post the review. IT DESERVED A MINUS 5-STARS!
Please tell me you're kidding this loser has a record out? This kid has zero talent, except for maybe a very girly smile & voice.
OK, please be serious here.  This kid can't really sing, or at least not well enough to deserve any attention.  This is just bad and I'm afraid there's nothing really positive to say.  He's just not good.
His voice is just bad, even recorded, where they have all the tricks and technology, he is just bad, boring, no feel, no passion, merely generic, it's sad.  And to just put out 5 songs after AI 2006/2007 is just poor management.
You can't be serious Amazon?!?!  How could you peddle such Garbage?!?!  This so called "music" is absolutely horrible, and completely fabricated!  Auto-Tune is quite possibly the worst technology to come along in the modern era!  And all the people taking advantage of this kid, and in his ear telling him that he actually has talent, are an abomination to the human civilization!  Embarrassing!!!
Lyrically, musically, artistically, and vocally, this is atrocious. A self-respecting musician would not release something like this.
Unless you are under 14.  Really amateurish and messy.  Weak vocals.  Really bad lyrics. Nice guy but IMO not the right EP for him.
I was randomly searching American Idol cds on amazon and to my digusted surprise here he was!! Ahhhhh! You aren't able to hear good people from the show, but the horrible people you can never get away from. Guese!1) William Hung sounds like Celine Dion and Whitney Houston compared to him. Get my point?!?!?and2) I think there was bickering about he didn't win because of racism and they (Indian or whatever people) b***hed and b***hed until it sadly happened. What the **** is wrong with people!!!!Very amaturish and badly done! I give it -----0 and 5 thumbs down if I could...
No one should buy this release, it is terrible.  I don't care how low the price is, how exclusive to Amazon.com it is, or how big of an "American Idol" fan you are.  Sanjaya is one of the worst singers ever and this EP proves it.  Don't support this idiot.  The best thing that anyone can do is ignore him and maybe he will go away.  Oh, about these being "heartfelt" songs...  No, just no.  My dog has more emotion when it relieves itself outside.  This is nothing more than another "Idol" reject trying to cash in on some stupid fans.
He's still the WORST SINGER ever, there's no way I'd buy his music, he makes william hung sound really good.
I woudlnt even want to take the effort to click download a freesample. its aweful on the few second samples. I could see him as a comedian not as a musician. i hpe he is not going to loose his money on writing books and making music.
No amount of mixing board and filter talent can make up for the fact that he has no real appreciable voice.  He had his 15 minutes of fame, was kept on the show as a gimmick, and he still does not get the joke.  Even Amazon has no faith of him as a profit making entity; they are only releasing his CD as an on-demand press and not a stock item.  Please, go back to school, learn a talent, and get a job (and a hair cut).
I don't care if this free. SAVE YOUR MONEY AND YOUR TIME FOR A REAL ARTIST. Save it for someone with some real musical vision. Their are tons of great independent artists out there who can write their own songs (and write great ones too) and play their own instruments. who really need your support. Not some karaoke singer who got lucky on American Idol because Howard Stern encouraged his audience to sabatoge the show by voting for him. Please prove to the media the few remaining major labels, that the public will not buy (even for free) everything that is force fed to them.
This album is terrible, just invest in the original albums that failure released. I really can't stress enough how bad this album is.
This album suffers the garage band mentality...mediocre bands playing covers exactly as they appeared on the albums, offering nothing new and failing to match the quality of the originals.  This album simply does not need to exist.  Pick up the original Failure albums (and Year of the Rabbit), as topping them would be next to impossible.
Don't buy this version!  On the download site for the CD "Mexican Radio" there is only one song - Mexican Radio, and the song's length is shown as 4:11.  What downloaded was a 1 hour, 8 minute, and 48 second radio show.  The recording starts with the song, but the song is shortened to 2:32.  Being a radio show the sound was not very good either.
I should have listened to more samples. This was suggested because I like The Gathering, Mortal Love, and Within Temptation. Those groups are much better with a more dynamic female lead.
I didn't know that Toad The Wet Sprocket had a greatest hits album and after my Amazon.com purchase I still don't know. After downloading my MP3 ALBUM I find It only has one song on it! Amazon mistake? Or album rip-off? I still don't know.
Free is nice but just because it's free doesn't mean it's good. I agree with #1 reviewer.  A 30 sec listen is useless...who can tell? A minute or 45 sec would be a bit more useful.
Sorry this sampler is just not very good. The songs are lackluster and mundane. Skip it.
15 songs...all free...and going by the 30 sec previews, only 3 or 4 worth d/l just to see if they're mediocre. Even the Constantines' song was bad.I wonder why these sound bites can't be 45 sec or 1 min? Who decided on 30 sec. Heck the one song is nothing but the guy talking...
Ben Weasel and Danny Vapid have created some great music over the years. This is not a part of that great catalog. This sounds like music created with inspiration not being the primary motive. The Mystery Science Theater 3000 theme simply doesn't work. Ben has said that neither he or Vapid had seen most of the movies they reference, and it shows. The Lillingtons did this much better. You could see a love for b-movies in their songs of a similar style, and they used simple chords and themes as a springboard to explore loneliness and unreturned love. It's a shame that the Riverdales couldn't have come up with SOME inspiration of their own for this release. You might end up giving this a few spins, but it certainly won't be remembered as a classic.
I downloaded this track because  I liked  the Pandora version .  So when I pressed purchased button this version of the mix was the only one .  In short I did not like this song it's boring .
It took me 4 or 5 tries to make it work and customer service was perfectly willing to help me!
Whenever I hear "Home" on the car radio, I actually have to turn off the sound.Not Roy Clark and not Bob Dylan... just some ineffable Frankenstein.What were they thinking?
I'm not usually one to write a review, but I regret buying this album so much I just had to. If you like the song "Home" just download the single, because the rest of this album sounds nothing like it and it totally sucks. The vocals are terrible and it's just downright annoying.
One, maybe two tracks have any value. The rest sounds like a bunch of kids making senseless racket in their mom's garage.
If your a metal freak you would love this CD, if your looking for something trippy and relaxing this would go straight to the garbage can
The album and songs shown on this page are for a different album. The reviews are for "Time Flies - The Best Of Huey Lewis" but the album is "The News" by an entirely different group. I wanted the MP3 download for 'Time Flies..." and almost downloaded this one by mistake. What gives? The CD page for the Huey Lewis album refers me here for the MP3 download of the same album. Something is mixed up on the site.
What @**hole decided that Bad Manners should be mixed?? There is all kinds of wrong here; bits of 2 or 3 songs pieced together, things being 'enhanced' with dubs & repeats, arcade game noises(!). Good god, it's horrendous. Save your money.Anyone out there with an album suggestion that avoids the pitfalls found here?
I really hate this album.I have nothing good to say about it at all.Stay far, far away.
I saw these guys open up for the Foals recently and they were absolutely horrible!  Their music is/was totally uninteresting and cheesy. Luckily I arrived late and only had to endure a few songs.  That was too many. Sorry.
A great performance, Butchered!Sadly this recording was destroyed, it's a fantastic performance, no doubt. And seems to be what was a great recording.Then someone crushed it it-- over compressed the hell out of it so it's just stressful to listen to. The dynamics are gone, that is sad as it is great, now destroyed by whomever tried to master it. SAD.
Thought this would be by Hillbilly Gypsies -  dont think it is. music not similar. not same group as album one foot in gravy by hillbilly gypsies
I wrote this song, I played drums on the recording and I also sang the chorus. I'd like to know how it can be sold here and I don't get any money from it's sale? Please do not buy!
I didn't waste my $9.00 on this album, thank goodness, but I did listen to every sample.  Not only is it bitter gibberish, but the music sucks, too!  Wow - what a way to try to cash in on a person of consequence.
These are re-recordings by a totally bogus group. Their copycat renditions are lame. Yes they somehow own the name "The Vogues" but it's not really The Vogues.Consider yourself warned!>  Get:  The Vogues "Greatest Hits"  on Rhino instead
Ugh!  Head bangin metal.Its probably ok if youre into that sort of thing.I m a 60 yr old fart thatneeds much smoother stuff.
Incredible awful and boring music.  If this is the best Merge has to offer, then it will fold.  Unoriginal, uninspiring performances from people who are unoriginal and uninspired.  A wasted hour trying to listen to it.  Free was too much to pay for this.
Merge Records forgot to put a parental advisory notice on this sampler. The 3rd track, The Very Modern Dance, by Destroyer, contains the F word toward the end of the song. It's just some unnecessary filth in a collection of otherwise mostly laid-back songs. Also, track 9 contains the D word in it near the beginning. Aside from those 2 tracks, this sampler has some good music like track 11, Odessa, by Caribou and track 4, Fall Hard, by Shout Out Louds. Overall, this sampler can be skipped.
I only got this because it was free. The music is terrible but not really my choice of genre anyway. I would't have paid one penny for it.
yes, you read that correctly.  there is nothing portishead about this song except for the fact that beth gibbons occasionally pipes up for a second or two.now i'm not saying that a band shouldn't branch out or anything but if you wanted a single word description of this song it would be "monotonous".  no redeeming qualities at all.  it almost sounds like something a 15 year old kid with a 10 year old copy of fruity loops would create.i'm glad i spent $0.99 on this track so i could warn others.  this song is only for masochistic portishead completionists.
I heard the free song Why does the wind? and personally when I saw the MP3 download for the album, I thought that spending my limited income on an albume that just has different mixes of the same song is a waste of money.Why Does the Wind?If Tracy Thorn is such a great artist, she blew it on this TURKEY! I personally think she can't carry a tune and should not record another album.She sounds like any other female country artist trying to make it big and more likely her music will sell as CRAP! is backBrian Knowles
Be detailed and specific. What would you have wanted to know before you purchased the product?Not too short and not too long. Aim for between 75 and 300 words.
How could you people with the positive reviews trick me into downloading this?!  This guy is like a Shawn Mullins wannabe.  Give him a cough drop for that grody voice that is so "look at me, I'm singing but really not, because I'm actually just talking."  Totally not singing at all.  Trying so hard to impress with your faux indie, aren't you Dan Mangan?  Like to use the word "piss" much, don't you?  Sounds like you're a "robot" pirate, arg matey!  Wanted to like this, but can't with the prefabricated rhythms.  I will be removing these songs from my computer now.
10bucks for 7 tracks? Please don't waste your money on the ABQ joke of a band. Man i wish RAM still made music.
I would have loved to purchase this album, but with just about every song marked explicit, and because I care what my kids hear, I will not buy it.
Come on Amazon how can this be $10? If you buy it one by one it would be $4. You don't even get album art. I'm better off looking for the physical release than buying digital (from Amazon). music rating: ''''
This review has nothing to do with the album (which is outstanding) and everything to do with Amazon's digital transfer. When you download the album, the track end times are all out of whack. So instead of playing as a cohesive album, the transitions between songs have long and awkward pauses that aren't supposed to be there. You could fumble with the start and end times to try to fix what Amazon got wrong, or you could just pay $2.00 more, and get the album with all the right transitions from iTunes.
Ive found this kid annoying from the start. He signing ability is awful so he trys at this obnoxious loud yelling that i dont see how anyone could get into. If it wasnt for him being transgendered I dont think he'd have half the fame he has. If you're looking for a GOOD transgendered artist try Alex Davis.
Just wanted to add a little info on this album. The album name has the name of Tenochtitlan, which is geographically located in Mexico City, which is also connected with the Mexihka ( aztec ) . Yet the temple used is Mayan, in Chichen Itza, Yucatan..........hmmmm...Just wanted to stir up some ish
Katie is a very unusual girl and she makes very unusual music. I like her voice but she is going to struggle making a career with it because she seems determined to be different from everyone, which means her music might be strongly relevant to no-one but her.If you are attracted by her voice like I was, read her song lyrics on her website before buying a cd. "Dig A Hole" on this cd begins :I'm beginning to feel like an empty shellWith nothing to embrace and nothing to expelIf that resonates, maybe she's just what you need. But I always worry when someone says something like this in her thankyous : "Thank you, Caitlin Raftery [who created the album's artwork] for being the most brilliant artist of our generation. I am nothing without you. Greg Holden [Featured vocals on "Out Of Our Minds"], if you did not exist, I would be in a ditch."Finally, she says, "Thanks, Universe... You're one crazy [word deleted here ... you guess which one]."
This "music", and I use that term lightly, doesn't make me want to do anything except turn it off. Immediately. It is grating and annoying. The fake pops and hisses, presumably intended to mimic vinyl records, are over-utilized and utterly distracting. If you enjoy repetitive structures. listen to Philip Glass.
The Sex Pistol songs are very poor quality. You would think at $8 you would get what you paid for. I regret purchasing this album.
I have been a HUM fan from the beginning. Sometimes at the beginning even saying "no really the band name is "HUM"", Of course after the Cadillac commercial EVERYBODY knows who HUM is.I have all of the albums and still enjoy the "endless drone" for sonic enjoyment and a wall of poetry and sound, there is none better.However,The samples of this tribute is an insult to such an influential band : it sounds like a poorly mixed high school talent show.I did hear the album and it's pretty bad.What the samples amount to are basically take a song slow down your vocals to an off-time crawl and pretend it sounds right. Or slow down the music to a crawl and try to make normal time music sound right , Neither of which works, the sonic, poetic, monotone is basically destroyed, the flow is gone into a choppy mess, there are bands that could have pulled this off, the scientist is close, The Pod is a horrible mess, what little there is of stars sounds ok and the voice sounds to be a very good choice for this song.I'd like your hair long is a slowed down, draggy, nightmare, firehead is just not right and mastering is really bad. If you are to bloom sounds like a neighborhood pick up song.I hate it too seems uninspired.Coming home sounds right but the fake sounding voice just isn't right.Not sure what little dipper is supposed to be...purely bad. The original is awesome.Why I like the robins- again drag and slur your voice to sound right?All green to me is really, really, bad.When I saw that this was out I thought excellent, now that I've heard it I think "such a poor, poor, mess"I hope no one tries this album as their intro to HUM if they do they won't get to enjoy the wonderful sonic endless drone of the real HUM.
I'm just not feeling this entire CD; there seems to be nothing that the songs really have in common. The lyrics, melodies, and beats are boring and monotonous. I'd go into more detail for you like the previous reviewer, but I could really care less and I don't want to listen to the songs again to drum up the emotions (or rather, lack thereof) evoked from this lifeless music.
This is AWFUL! The original is a thousand times better.If this is the first time you've heard this song ina very long time and you are nostalgic then youshould first listen to the original on YouTube via a Billy Jackclip. This is a crap remake, trust me. Jinx Dawson sangthe best version (which appeared in "Billy Jack". Thetrue original was by "Original Caste", which is pretty decent, too.
Low quality MP3's. Don't buy this download, buy a CD or LP of this. The MP3's sound awful and I couldn't get any help from the label on getting better ones.
This is easily one of the worst covers I've ever heard. I realize fully it's not the original but this does no justice to the great song... It's pitiful this man is trying to make money of not only someone else's song, but his laughable version. Avoid this at all costs. Completely talentless.
I expected and wanted the original song by Gotye.  There wasnt any way to pre-play the cd to find out if it was the right one.
CAUTION!  Be aware that this is a painful acoustic version (along with a bonus/equally useless instrumental) of the song you've probably heard.  It's terrible and not worth two dollars, and I say this as someone who loves the original song.
It was not the song I was looking for it was different than the song on the radio it was so not the song I was wanting to have. Why wasn't it the song on the radio?
I can't begin to imagine who could listen to this garbage and even say it's music, much less good music. Thank God it's free. Would have shot meself if purchased.
Terrible.The Sidekicks' debut album "So Long Soggy Dog" had enough good songs to award some repeated listens.The sophomore album, "Weight Of Air", was pretty bad.  A good song here or there, but overall it just stunk.This, "Awkward Breeds", is honestly the worst album I've heard this year.  How people praise this is mind-boggling.  Not a remotely-decent song on the album.  It's all indie-pop hipster-rock.Avoid.
How could a band with no value now wants to sell music on a site like this ?This is a green day rip off. Only problem I have with is the singer Shaun Dente.Probably the worst ego ever. He thinks He's famous. Newsflash no body knows who you are.This is not a band its a satire of a parody.
I remember back in 1974 buying Robert Lamm's solo debut 'Skinny Boy' and what a disappointment that was -fast forward 40 years and we have another Lamm solo record where he's producing this synthesised computerised lounge music. I gave up on Chicago many years ago but occassionally listen to Mr Lamm's efforts and I'm always amazed how his sound has changed and been compromised. I'm not living in the past but this is the chap that wrote most of the songs on the the first 5 records from Chicago. I'm intrigued how the innovative ideas were put in the bin for 40 years and how Lamm became a manufactured crooner. I know what time it is.
Robert Lamm is certainly one to be admired.  He's written and sung some of the best-known signature tunes for Chicago.  At 68 years old, his voice is still amazing.  It seems as though Chicago tours every year, and puts out new music every few years--you simply have to admire that kind of dedication to keeping it going against all odds.  I believe the departure of Bill Champlin from the band is huge, but I'm sure they'll continue to soldier on.A lot of Lamm's material has a similar sensibility/approach to one of my favorite writer/performers, Donald Fagen.  I enjoyed his "Subtlety and Passion" record--not extraordinary, but certainly pleasant, with some well done tunes.  I have NOT heard any of the interim records he's done between "Skinny Boy" and "Subtlety."That being said, "Living Proof" is a real disappointment.  In fact, it is an olio of mostly mediocre material, much of which is done in a style that doesn't fit or complement the "Robert Lamm" style we all know and love.  Two songs are outstanding: "Living Proof," and "Out of the Blue."  The rest is just a bunch of throwaway grooves that don't mesh together cohesively at all.  Probably stuff rejected by his band, although the trademark horns (and Jason Scheff) are present here and there.I don't agree with the comments made that this is "cutting-edge" music.  Lamm sounds like he is trying too hard when he brings in contemporary sampled sounds and rhythms, in order to be sorta relevant in today's music milieu.  And what is this Polish chick Zosia doing on here?  Weird.  Please...keep it trad, Dad.Better luck next time, Robert.  You've still got the chops, so take more time to hone material using your jazz sensibility (rather than these hapless pop attempts) and create your masterpiece!
Just saw the video of the song--an incredible waste of time, money and (no) talent.  The group (a guy and a girl,maybe more--who cares?) are pretentious, can't sing, are not engaging, while the "song" is unimaginative, uninspiring and uninteresting--a total waste--what astounds me is that (A) a record company actually recorded them in the first place, (B) once said record company had the song in hand, that no one realized what a loser they had on their hands, (C) that any one paid additional money to produce a video of the sorry song, and (D) that someone thought to invest still further money in promoting this loser.  Heads should roll for this disaster.  I would rate it no stars is I could.
I visited the Glendenning website to try to get some insight into their music, to see if I was missing some type of "artistic expression." Their assertion... "from searing to soothing their musical style is a unique amalgam of indie, folk and mainstream kick-you-in-the-chest rock that is sure to get even the most stubborn of toes tapping." I'm waiting for the kick in the chest, and my toes have yet to tap... and they rather enjoy tapping. Songs that, I'm assuming, are meant to convey angry, raw emotion, come across as petulant whining. I was expecting some pizazz, some wow, some versatility, but unfortunately, this album just fell flat for me.
On a recommendation from a friend i tried to listen to this poor excuse for a band. The sound quality is awful and may have been recorded in basement. If you are into barnyard animals making love the vocals are perfect otherwise save your money and time.
Ah, modern rock. The sludgy low end, the driving riffs...right here. Vocals alternate between a male and a female singer; each gets about half the songs. Not bad; not distinctive. If you own anything by Sponge, you probably don't need this.
Great for staring out the window on grey days and contemplating the futility of it all. Disclaimer: Please lock away all firearms and sharp objects before listening.
Not my cup of coffee.  Not something I would reject.  Just not at the top of my list.  Easy listening.
I only got three of the songs that I paid for. The other 7 downloaded all choppy or not at all. I enjoy the music, but not this product download. It could be my laptop(which is not even a couple years old)? Not worth it.
its ok but not the best I think it should have a better upgrade on the game divice thingy but yeah
It sounded OK the first time I listened to the album, but every time I played it the singer just started to sounded more pretentious with every play. Living For Today has turned into play once yesterday and move on. I'm not a fan of the yodeling opera.
You may like it, I did not... Purchased this by mistake, was looking for the original radio version, did not like this version at all...
I love the original song. This is one remix that should have never been made. I have deleted it off my android and I am still trying to delete it from my memory.
The melody I fell in love with is thrown out like yesterdays trash in favor of this poppy sound. I someone asked me to sum this song up with one word, I can. Yuck.
I am so irritated that I spent $1 for a song that is the techno beat version. it's so unbelievably obnoxious my ears started bleeding. now I have to find another version and pay another $1.  I bought it on my phone and couldn't preview.
After having xrey take the time to explain that the DJ for this remix is world renowned I decided to listen to this version again and write a new review. I listened and I must say I dislike it even more than the first times I listened to it. I love the song but definitely hate this version. The fact that the DJ is "world" renown really didn't improve my disliking of this song.
Does anyone/band research this issue these days? Sorry, it seems to me it happens way too often. Hence, I won't sample the CD.
Whenever I hear the nauseating sounds of a Yamaha DX-7 or poorly programmed Linn Drum machine delivered by Com Truise via XM's "Chill" station, I am forced to quickly change the dial in order to prevent myself from voluntarily veering into oncoming traffic.While I can accept *some* nostalgia for the 80s (I'll lap up anything The Smiths, The Cure or the Cocteau Twins produced any day of the week and love it), this garbage represents the crap that most discerning audiophiles were glad to leave behind. But, if listening to some repetitive, overly-reverbed shlock which sounds as if it had been recorded in some teenager's bedroom using his trusty Casio keyboard (complete with unimaginative drum tracks) and a 4-track tape recorder is your thing, more power to you. It will likely serve as a perfect accompaniment whilst viewing an old VHS copy of "Robot Holocaust".
I don't know what the problem is but I have purchased and returned this particular cd TWICE! Both times it skips and won't play. I am so irritated. Maybe it's Karma... I FINALLY went to her website and bought one directly from her instead of Amazon. Perhaps a bad shipment? I dunno.just a heads up people..Edited... on 4/4/13... I just received my copy I ordered directly from Amanda's website. Apparently the CD will NOT play in my car and will only play on my computer. I don't really need it for my computer considering her you tube channel has all her songs on it. I'm SUPER bummed.. Only thing I can think of is the format of the cd because it happened to all 3 cd's I got. I have NEVER had any issues with any cd's in my car besides this particular album.
I didn't care for this.  My biggest regret is that I can't give it any less than one star.One thing is for sure, though - this album inspires those with no talent to keep going!
I did a detailed review of one of his albums. I'm not going to go track by track on this because I'd be repeating myself. Whoever is in Walt Winston's life needs to be honest with him. Don't feel like you have to tell him he's great to spare his feelings - the truth may hurt, but it is better for him to know. He is living a lie in believing that his music measures up.Now - Walt Winston is complaining about "false reviews" on here but then he tells people to review the album. When people do so and he doesn't like what they say, he goes on the attack. You made your bed, now you have to lie in it Walt. You put your stuff on here knowing full well it was subject to reviews. The only positive reviews are the ones written by this man himself under multiple names. Other users have done a great job of catching this and providing proof of such.As I said before, even if I liked the music, I would not support it based on his asinine behavior online. This is a grown man acting like a child.
I was expecting remixes with more of Andrew's lyrics to the songs. The "remixes" are more like dubs and overly repetitive.The original album is wonderful and since I love dance/electronic genres I was waiting for this album since Andrew announced it. Sadly, this is just another perfect example of mediocre and uninspired "remixing".At least I have another Andrew Belle album to look forward to, because this one was a let down.
Guess I got here by searching for Jethro Tull's version of &#34;Coronach&#34; the song ... and thought I'd listen to some samples ... this is a God-awful cacophonous racket that hurts my ears.  Do people actually pay money for this?
I wanted this song but once I heard it,I realized it has a very bad word in it.  The word it has is the "s" word. So, do not buy the song! OKAY?!
This cover is AWFUL!! The singing sounds horrible and listening to just the music without words does not sound good.
Once in a great while a piece of work comes along that blows me away upon the first listen.  THIS IS NOT ONE OF THEM!!!!!  The only reason I knew of this cd is because a friend of mine downloaded it.  He thought I might like it because the drummer (as my friend puts it) is &#34;that dude with the hat from the Saturday Night Live Band.  That dude is Shawn Pelton.  I happen to be a huge fan of Shawn's work on SNL, but not on this outing.  None of the songs jumped out at me as immediate, heavy rotation anywhere.  These three guys try hard to make each song sound different, but it's too much sheep to pull over one eye.  If a listener likes this type of format of guitar, bass and drums, then I suggest revisiting the catalogs of The Outfield and Fastball.  Sorry guys, nothing personal.  I just have to take the ole Texas Turn-down on this one,  El Paso........
Tyrone Wells is an amazing writer, and vocalist.  I happened upon "This Moment Now" on YouTube, and knew I needed to sing this song at my Niece's wedding in April.  I downloaded this song from iTunes, and upon playing, discovered that there are 2 breaks in the song...at 3:02 and 2:51.  The song was damaged.  Not to be defeated, I turned to Amazon, and downloaded the song.Same break in the same places.  The original source material sent out to Amazon and iTunes is corrupt.A preview of this song - or any downloaded song - is not enough to be sure there isn't an error.My advice - definately buy the entire Beautiful World EP, but do not have hopes to use the instrumental version of "This Moment Now" in a wedding.
Tepid.  Lacks the energy of the original. The &#34;various artists&#34; tried, I suppose, and I appreciate the effort, but this album is watery and bland.  If you loved the original soundtrack, this will be disappointing.
Really wanted to like but it was very boring ambient industrial without lyrics. Itd be fine maybe to listen while going to sleep but that about all.Definitely not a album to dance to or expect much from.
Listened to it once and then deleted it. Music has to grab me quick to keep me interested and this song did  not.
Either it was just a bad rendition or poor song choice for Blondie (and I like Blondie).  I don't think I will even keep it.
I did not order this.  WHo is Blondie?  Please take this off my record.  I hate Kindle!  Please take it off I will not pay
i did not get to hear any of her new music,because it is not available on cd,and i am not inclined to buy one song at a time.i really like her music,but why not make it available for everyone,on a format for everyone? imogen cheap?
No originality once so ever. there pretending to be rockstars even the singer is delusionaland these guys should just continue to work at mcdumpster's for the rest of there lives.this is just complete drivel !
I realize that free isn't always the best way to go, but this time i'm glad i DIDN'T have to pay for this!!!  NOT my kind of music for sure!!For others, this album may be fine...but for my age range (almost 50 yrs old) it just wasn't what held MY interest!!
same with my other record, this record has distortion, and when i first played it the record started skipping over chunks of songs.
It is way short and a waste of money. It sounds weird. There are better versions out there.... Find one of them.
Alfa writes bouncy, pretty melodies, and then adds words that make little sense and show an absense of self-awareness and worldliness. From "War!" :War, Warthe fight, what is it for?And why can't I find peace anymore (ooh)Anyone who could depair of finding peace, and then follow it with a very long peaceful "ooh" is so lacking in emotional logic that I expected to find no insight on any of the songs, and I wasn't disappointed. She is disconnected - lots of emotion (in her sometimes beautiful melodies) disconnected from understanding (pointless lyrics). From "Blue" : "We fight sometimes ... pointless breakups ... I promise to be the one you'll always run to ... ooh ooh ...".From "Missed Opportunity" : "I'm supposed to be yours 'cause I saw it in a dream last night ...". She's kidding, right?I wish.
Don't bother.  This album is a complete waste of time.  Hopefully you did not already waste your money on it.
This is not a band its a satire of a parody !Its pure awful at best. just like there other songs.Worst band ever.
This only downloaded songs 1, 2, 6, 9 & 10.  For what ever reason didn't get 3, 4, 5 & 8.  I'm sure it'll get resolved.
THANK YOU, RECEIVED IT IN PERFECT SHAPE
It's even worse live. Bummer album and even worse singing. A better idea of what to do with your money is to just throw it away.
There was only one great track on this album which was the first one called &#34;Tap Out&#34;. The rest is garbage!!
I don't like to put down small local bands, but this band needs something. A real vocalist to start with.
for somone who public burns cky pictures and talks trash about cky, seems to want to earn his bread of them
While Mr. Jackson has a huge talent and a large following, his decision to record a disk SO extremely apart from what his fan base was hoping for and expecting, is a major disappointment. For those of us hoping for something more in the realm of his recording with Michael Feinstein, this disk has no redeeming value.
This isn't the band that recorded &#34;Biggest Blues Hi-Fi&#34; and &#34;Underachievers Please Try Harder.&#34; Don't make the same mistake I made; listen before you purchase.
Rebecca Black and Allison Gold should be proud that they're no longer the biggest plagues to ever hit music.  This group is the new chump.  The LA Kings should follow the advice of their entire fanbase: THE SONG SUCKS!!!!!  GET RID OF IT!!!A note to Congregation Records.  Every time this song is played...18,118 people change their religion.
I can't believe anyone would rate this above a 1. It's not inspirational and the fans at the stadium boo whenever it plays.
Is there a 0 star option? Because this deserves it. You do not pump up the kings, the fans or anyone else. It is a flat out embarrassment and the band should have credits to the dropkick Murphy's because they just stole 2 or 3 DK songs and blended them together along with manure and disease, blended it up and now we as kings fans are forced to be fed this commercialized garbage every game. This band, label and song are all a sick cruel joke.
Awful! Every track is nothing but rubbish! Hopefully the artists have better material than what is represented on this bit of tripe.
I do not own this and after listening to all the samples (twice), I will never.  There is nothing wrong with the artists or songs.  Eleanor Friedberger and She & Him are great artists.  But for some reason, all of the music and vocals has been muddied instead of accurately reproduced.  What does this leave on the headphones?  Pretty much unintelligible noise and static.  Shame on you Merge, you can do better...and have.FAIL
Tried to listen, couldn't.  Won't play on iTunes.  So I guess that the music is okay if I ever would get to hear it.
SykoCutter fails to create anything close to music in this blunder of the century. Don't waste your money unless you're looking for a laugh
Don't buy this album. It may be The Damn Quails, but they are not getting paid for this album. They will NOT receive any royalties if you purchase this album. Go see them in concert! Buy t-shirts and koozies from them. Don't buy this album.
Had I known what the lyrics were on this album, I would not have bought it. Before you buy this album, do a search on the lyrics of each song, then make an educated decision before buying this album.
PLEASE don't get me wrong; I LOVE Gary Numan. I have enjoyed his every album from 1978 The Plan and Tubeway Army to DSRising, and yes, I did enjoy all of his phases, even the white funk era, Machine And Soul included. But I found Splinter dull, blunt, monotonous, boring and uninspired. To think Exile and Jagged -not to mention their excellent remixes- were acussed of sameyness and this one has an almost unanimous 5-star rating !!! This is the first time I dislike a GN album. I struggled to listen it from beginning to end, trying to find something I liked, but failed. It was a 55' torture.This album sounds as if a finished author had penned it; lyrics are chock-full of embarassing self-pity (sound like a guy about to commit suicide) and the music lacks the aggro of recent albums. Guitar and keyboards are no longer prominent in the mix, and instead we get a wall of massive, percussive electronic bottom end intertwined with partially experimental whiney vocals which in another musical context would be otherwise fine and still Numan's very own. Plus it does sound as GN's ad latere Fenton's Artificial Perfect 2 would. Sadly enough these days GN is a crowd pleaser and most of his fanbase hark from the early days of synthpop and prefer Ultravox over angrier, heavier material, so Gary might well continue in this direction from now on. Previous albums had always kicked my butt but I couldn't even get a decent tinnitus from this one.On a purely sonic standpoint, the cd sound is overall very good, much as I dislike the way it was mixed. Be sure to lower your subwoofer level unless you want your speaker turned into confetti.I'm afraid I'll have to stop following newer material from this larger-than-life musician and stick to his abundant backcatalogue from now on. Gary I'll always remember you fondly but IMHO he has now totally lost the plot or maybe just followed a path that's not my cuppa anymore.
The music is well layed out and engineered extremely well but the lyrics make me want to slap this guy for being a whining ass. His voice bores the crap out of me.
This file would not open for me once I had downloaded it. It says it is the wrong kind of file.
Just a cheap knock-off.  Not the original. Amazon should be ashamed to sell this song. I could have done this with a synthesizer and a PC mic.
I am a huge Jon McLaughlin fan and I love his music, but I found this CD to be a snooze fest. All 12 songs sound the same to me, boring. My favorite albums are 'Indiana' and 'Promising Promises' both 5 star albums in my opinion. I was really looking forward to listening to his new stuff, man was I disappointed. After reading the other customer reviews here I thought I couldn't go wrong. Do yourself a favor, listen to a few samples of the songs before you buy it. I wish I had.
This was a very boring album.  Glad it was free because I certainly would have not purchased it or recommended it.
Love & Gravity continues Mary Fahl's descent into the abyss of artistic irrelevancy.  What a shame.  She is such an incredible singer, and truly has a once-in-a-generation type voice.  And she's no studio creation, because live she is an even better singer than on recording.However, her solo career has been a complete and total misfire, because Mary Fahl believes that she should be singing her own songs (or, in her own words as she said at a concert I attended, "I'm a songwriter now!").  Being a songwriter, or more properly, a meaningful songwriter, involves a lot more than coming up with sequences of notes and nice words.  Let's put it this way:  As a songwriter, she is no Lennon/McCartney.  She's certainly not anything close to the caliber of Emil Adler/Julie Flanders.  She's perhaps at the level of accomplishment of a Martha Genraud (and don't ask me who Martha Genraud is).  To put it in context, Fahl's songs make Gene Simmons' songs seem like the second coming of Pete Townshend.So here we have a new self-published collection of songs, mostly hers, none of which would make the cut on any other group's CD.  I can say with 100% confidence that if Mary Fahl didn't record her own songs, no one else would even touch them, and no record company would accept even one of them.  She's in no danger of having other artists make a tribute album to her music.  I'm sorry to say it, but these songs are largely terrible--not because they're offensive, but because they're so indistinct and lacking in merit.  It's heartbreaking.  [You may wonder how it is that my review is so negative compared to all these other reviews which are so positive.  Look at who most of those reviewers are--the "five star brigade" that is her friends and family, people who have shown up on Amazon only to review her music.  There's a word for these sorts of reviews: shill.  That's not to say there aren't some bona fide reviews here too.  But not many.]As just one example of the shortcomings of Fahl's songwriting, consider "Exiles." It starts promisingly enough, great drumbeat, interesting instrumentation--the song seems to be going somewhere, building towards something. And then when you reach what should be the climax, the expected payoff that this is all building towards, there's just...a void. The payoff never materializes. And this is one of the better songs, mind you.Mary, I hope you read this message.  You have one of the truly great voices of our times.  I mean it--you're an amazing talent.  I saw you live with October Project somewhere around 7 times and never once were you anything less than brilliant.  You have an exceptional voice and with the right material you're completely transporting--truly at the level of such a great as Mahalia Jackson (albeit in an entirely different genre).  I've now seen you live twice since you left OP.  Both times you sang incredibly well, but the shows were hugely disappointing to everyone I went with (the first was a group of 6, the second just two of us), because the songs you sang--your songs--were at best unmemorable.  The concerts were lifeless.  And the overall experience was depressing, because we all know what you're capable of.If October Project was not the right artistic vehicle for you, that's fine and no one would fault you for feeling that way--even those of us who think otherwise.  But you should realize that your talents lie solely in your voice and amazing singing abilities, and certainly not in your substandard songwriting, and even less so (if that's imaginable) in your nightmare-inducing guitar-playing.  I won't really go there, but let's just say your guitar-playing is terrible and it drove me insane, because all you do in concert is repeat the exact same pattern over and over and over and over (and over!) again in every song, to the point that it was unbearable to listen to.  It's the musical equivalent of Chinese water torture.If you couldn't realize your artistic ambitions with OP, then you should find another group with one or more strong songwriters whose songs are worthy of your exceptional talents.  But to continue recording such unworthy songs you write, playing them badly, and then thinking that you're fulfilling your artistic potential, is worse than delusional.  It's an outright waste of your exceptional talent.  Most singers would kill to sing half as well as you do.  But sadly, it seems to me you don't even respect your own abilities, because you're frittering your talent away on material that is so far beneath you.Maybe those close to you won't level with you and tell you what's obvious.  I certainly don't want to hurt your feelings, but the fact is, you deserve far better than your own songs.UPDATE 1/10/2014:  Let's look at some statistics. "Love and Gravity" is released on October 15. Within 15 days, 8 gushing five-star reviews suddenly appear, most of which are from either first-time reviewers or people who really don't regularly review. And mind you, this is for an MP3 release, not even a CD, and with no retail distribution whatsoever. Hmmm.Then there are 7 subsequent reviews, some of which are extremely positive (and appear to be legitimate) but there are a couple of reviews that paint a different picture.I posted a very critical review on January 6, four days ago. There's no reaction for two days, but on the third day after my review appeared (January 9), four negative comments and 6 "unhelpful" ratings SUDDENLY show up within hours of one another (and more accurately, the bulk of them appeared within 3 hours of each other).  And by January 10 (and the day is not over yet), a total of 6 negative comments and 10 "unhelpful" ratings have appeared on my review.  And all of these have appeared within a grand total of 24 hours of one another!Very interesting. Word travels fast, I guess.As the saying goes, "do the math."To summarize, as of right now, there are a total of 15 reviews of "Love and Gravity."  10 out of 15 appear to be obvious shills (with the mandatory, gushing five-star rating, of course).  5 out of 15 appear to be legitimate arm's-length reviews, of which 3 are favorable, and 2 are unfavorable.
If I could give it 0 stars, I would. They should have edited out all the BS talking and clapping. If I wanted a story MP3 I would have bought one. Singer/Songwriters stories are OK but when you download them you are forced to listen to their BS every time you listen to it. They are neither funny or interesting the 50th time. It is a shame because I really like his songs and was looking forward to an acoustic version of them
Got a chance to listen to this and let me tell you, it is bad. Generic melodies, pop punk guitar, and the singer... my god... the singer...so bad. I cannot recommend.
What the description doesnt tell us is that this is a collection of Christian pop, not Nashville indie music as advertised. Buyer beware.
The message is good. The music is slow and contemplative. But the song drags on and on for 7 1/2 minutes, when 2 or 3 minutes would be long enough. The singer is okay, but this song does not make him sound good.
I thought I was ordering a CD, make your ads clear as to what is being purchased you two bit frauds
Jus stop! The art form that is rap has been decimated by dudes trying to make a quick dollar rapping about women and money because that's all these simple types know. Go home put in "All eyes on me" by Tupac  n take lessons.
I was a big Phenomenauts fan, back with the first two albums, the third was ok sounded a bit like everything else. This album was boring, like really boring. I kept feeling my self trying to pay attention to it, but really it was just noise. The lyrics that I did pay attention to sounded like a bad children's album with some science thrown in (sloppily) to give it that nerd appeal. Now again I am a big fan of this band for a while, I have two of the old jackets (one prototype) I have seen them in 3 states the whole fan bit. This album is not good, which stinks because I really liked this band, just the direction they have headed, I feel, isn't a good one.