I know when passing a judgment on another s work it is purely a subjective exercise. So it is with this album. The other review here is harsh but accurate. i do not like this record. A review i read said this was a masterpiece. This music is an acquired taste, perhaps this requires further listening and maybe i will come across this hidden masterpiece, but i don't have the time with so much great music around.
I love Bright Eyes, which is obviously why I took the time to give this a listen. I am also a huge fan of violin and cello. But I am extremely disappointed with this cd. It reminds me of those midi ringtones the older cell phones used to have. If you are a fan of bright eyes and feel you NEED to own EVERYTHING related with conor (because "OMG CONOR IS HAWT!!1! OH AND SOOO TALENTED TOO!!1"), then go ahead and waste your money on this. The only reason I gave it 2 stars is because of my love for string instruments. Oh, the audio quality isn't really good either.Also, if you own 1 or 2 bright eyes albums, and are thinking of buying this, DO NOT! Just buy another bright eyes album instead. It is FAR more worth it.
Well I purchased this in hopes that I had unfound some old White Lies recordings and I mean the wonderful band responsible for Death and To Lose My Life. This sounds NOTHING like them and I don't know if this is another band from 2005 named White Lies or if it is the band I have fallen in love with who released the stellar To Lose My Life... my advice is do some research before purchasing this. OR put me in my place and let me know what AND WHO this is supposed to be!!! Whether you agree or disagree thanks for reading.
not the best. all though good when love struck and stupified not the most easyest of listening.
I was too quick to purchase this download, seeing rave reviews and not taking the time to notice the reviews were for other CDs not available on Amazon.  This is not Col. Bruce Hampton and ARU.
I really want 108 to cut a whole album that lives up to the first 30 seconds of Deathbed (track 2 onSongs of Separation) but they haven't ever been able to do it.  Once again, I am mildly disappointed by an album I will listen to another 3 times and then forget is on my Ipod.  The album title is great, though.
This dark ambient stuff just isn't for me. This album has some high points but is of inconsistent quality even within tracks to be worth struggling through.
This is only for the downloaded version of this album.Songs are about 1/2 to 2/3 the volume of the rest of the songs on my MP3 player.  Low quality download!
Okay, this effort is certainly more inspired than Victim of Love or 21 at 33.  But even though it's a comeback in comparison to those two failed albums, this recording still pales in comparison to Goodbye Yellow Brick  Road, Honky Chateau, Rock of the Westies, etc.  Many of the songs on The  Fox come frustratingly close to being classic EJ songs (Just Like Belgium,  Chloe, the title track).  But sadly the songs fall a bit short.  My advice?  Skip this one and purchase Jump Up, which isn't a great album, but is a  better example of Elton John returning to anything even close to his 70's  form.
This is an electro fashion record. You'll love it the first 2 times through and then it will get boring. It's just not interesting enough to the ear to listen to repeatedly. Also, the political views on it are just unsophisticated and underdeveloped. They are headed in the right direction, but demonstrate only a sophomoric understanding of more complex issues such as the oil crisis.
At first I was hesitant about purchasing this download, due to the not-so-revealing nature of Amazon's 30-second previews. I felt this was going to be a set of very repetitive, uninspired remixes.And as it turns out, I was mostly right...but also somewhat wrong. The beats are VERY repetitive, but in all fairness, each remix does give the song a nice electronic vibe. My favorite of these has to be the third remix, which includes some crazy, truly "remixed" lyrics from Sam! On the other hand, remixes 1 and 2 are nearly identical in substance to remixes 4 and 5, so I feel quite cheated there...So if you're a fan of techno/dance music (and of course The Bravery), there's no harm in checking this out. Otherwise, save your three bucks, or just buy remix #3, because that is honestly the best one in this collection. You're really NOT missing out on anything.
We purchased this download in the hopes that it would help our baby sleep. The womb sounds are nice, and the wind harp in the background was nice also. But it didn't help our little one sleep or soothe him much at all. We bought a sound machine with white noise and that seemed to do the trick.
This album seems to pop up when I am doing Mesh (UK) searches, so I wanted to not that this is not the same band. It gets clumped in and even shows up when you look for songs by the other band, but it is not the same stuff.Maybe the album would be better if it was what I was actually searching for
Witch Hunt is great live, but this recording is pretty bad. :( Sorry guys, I have to be honest. Great message, cool people, not so great album.
Or your grandparents!  They'll love this too, send it to 'em.  Because why send them a card, when you can send them into cardiac arrest?Actually, who COULDN'T love this??  With such heartwarming lyrics like:"I wish I had a c***I'd rub it in your faceI'd shove it in your mouthYou'd really like the tasteThen I'd STICK IT UP YOUR @$$,SHOVE IT UP YOUR @$$,RAM IT UP YOUR @$$!"Needless to say, this album can't be taken seriously.  It's quite hilarious actually.  Hilariously bad.  You'll want to be completely alone when listening to this - or better yet - don't listen to it at all.
i was surprized when i bought this cd, this is the first negative review I've ever had to write about a nine inch nails cd.i have loved all of nine inch nails' instrumentals so i figured it would be awsome.unfortunetly it wasnt, ghosts is a creative work, but for all intensive purposes, its useless.i expected a long, flowing, beautiful collection of insturmentals, what ghosts is is 36 compleatly different tracks that flow as smoothly as motor boat on a gravel road.what the other reviewers said is correct, individualy most of these tracks are unique and enjoyable, but trying to memorize what each different ghost track sounds like and listen to them seporatly is almost not worth the trouble.right now i just listen to the upbeat tracks while playing videogames, im not sure what to do with the rest of the songs though.I have high hopes for the next ghosts album, i just hope it will flow a little better.better luck next time trent
Remember when an NIN meant you were getting an album with standards. Remember when Trent Reznor use to create great music. Well those days are long gone. I guess Trent things that being artist is forcing his fans to listen to bits and pieces of songs that were left on the editing floor. My god! I can't believe that the same man that created The Fragile, The Downward Spiral, and Pretty Hate Machine would a)consider this album up to his standards b)release such an abomination c)think that people would want to hear this mind disturbing "music" d)charge people to listen to it. Yes I know that the cost of this album isn't much, but as an artist to charge even a penny for this means that Trent Reznor has become something that I never thought he would do: sellout
Ghosts is a wide array of music, emphasis on music, as there are no vocals on this CD.  It is great for background music but I rarely see myself using Trent and the band for elevator music. Only a couple of the songs are really memorable.  While this is the most recent NIN disc available in stores, many assume it has some of the recent songs heard on the radio and internet on it, such as, Disipline, Echoplex and The Four of Us are Dying.  These songs are all from NIN's newest album, The Slip.  Unlike Ghosts I-IV, that album is loaded with full vocal tracks and the sort of dark, gritty songs that helped Reznor and NIN make their name.  The confusion is generated because The Slip, while brand new, is only released via free download at the NIN Official Site.
Highly indulgent release of ambient industrial instrumentals prove that not everyone should be completely free from label restraints. Reznor completely plays into the fanbase with this one, rarely constructing a track out of 36 that rises above mere NIN production exercise.
I know a lot of people are going to like this. They are hardcore fans. I think this CD is by far too redundant at times and at other times lacks coherency. The songs mostly sound alike. When they do change it is abrupt. It is hard to distinguish one Ghost from the others sometimes. I really wanted to like this because I am a pretty big fan of NIN, but this deserves a pass if you are new to NIN. One thing I do look forward to is DJs getting their hands on this and remixing them. I think with some tinkering the songs could come alive. As is, the songs are listenable, but not something that is going to keep my attention.
Kind of disappointing. Most of this release sounds like things Trent would normally have put between songs as spacers. It just doesn't go anywhere. If you need things for your sample library it's a great download otherwise I would skip it as a "fanboy only" release.
I appreciate what Trent tried to do by avoiding the record labels, but this is lacking. It is essentially a collection of noise and single riffs. Not much in the way of actual songs. Half of the tracks are little more than noise that don't lead anywhere. Might be good for background music. The next album "The Slip" is much better.
I am a huge NIN fan, and fan of Trent Reznor in general.  I've been enamored with Year Zero since its release.  Ghosts, however... is in a word... BORRRINNNG.  Hard to believe Trent is even capable of creating something so lifeless, so expressionless.  What exactly was the point of releasing this?  Just to prove a point?  I believe so.
Anyone who is into producing music knows how little effort this took.  Since The Downward Spiral, NIN has gotten worse & worse.  "Gee, I'll muck around in the studio for 5 minutes and call it a song!"  A few of the tracks with actual drum programming are decent, but not many.
To give a sense of perspective for the purposes of this review, I have spent many years as a Nine Inch Nails fan and I've attended several of their concerts. I consider "The Fragile" to be the prime-ultimate Nine Inch Nails work and, in fact, one of the great albums of modern music history. Considering all of this, I was surprised by what I heard upon first listening to this new offering."Ghosts I-IV" should definitely be filed under the title of ambient music. I, like several others, immediately heard similarities between this album and the Aphex Twin ambient albums. To put it bluntly, "Ghosts" is a stark departure from previous Nine Inch Nails work. It has little of the climactic crescendo's which are a Trent Reznor trademark. Nor does this album contain the kind of deep, enthralling soundscapes that can be found in songs such as "Leaving Hope" from the Still album. The growing clamor of the song "Just Like You Imagined" off of "The Fragile" (as made famous by the '300' trailers) is non-existent. Also, the stunning beauty of "La Mer" (also from "The Fragile") is absent as well. The music on "Ghosts" doesn't leave the listener with the same haunting feeling that can be experienced when listening to most of Trent's other work.Part of the reason for these flaws is due to Trent's choice of instrumentation. This has been a growing trend over the course of the past few albums. He has been using more electronic, keyboard-based music of late - the increasing use of which can be heard on "With Teeth" and "Year Zero". In my mind, the synthesized sounds which he has been using are different from those that can  be heard on his early albums. The sound is too refined... too perfect. Part of the charm of "The Fragile" was the raw, unapologetic, and even imperfect sounds created using a whole host of classical instruments such as Violins, Cellos, Pianos, etc. The sounds created on "Ghosts" sound altogether inhuman. It sounds as if Trent created this album on the road where he had different filters for his portable keyboard.The songs on this album are as ambiguous as the individual titles suggest. They are wholy unremarkable and lacking of any real narrative or compelling aural concepts. When an interesting musical theme seems to emerge, it is prematurely ended much of the time.One reviewer pointed out that it sounds like the "guys" have taken this album in a new and exciting direction. I completely disagree based upon the fact that it hardly sounds as if any "guys" had much of a hand in making this album. Instead, it sounds like the product of a possessed, depressed Casio keyboard.To be fair, this album may go over well with fans of ambient music. I read an interview with Trent a few months ago where he mentioned that if he felt that his writing no longer fit into the Nine Inch Nails mold, he would abandon the name and create something new. With an album like this, he seems to be drifting ever further in that direction.
The bass in some of the songs is so heavy it is distorted as the needle jumps and wobbles trying to express the sound. I don't think the recording's mix was adjusted for a vinyl printing. The vinyl itself is very thin and not great quality-wise. I don't find myself listening to this record very much despite the fact that the collection of music on it is some of my favorite.
I have been loyal to Trent Reznor and his NIN projects, but this is by far a big dissapointment.  Thank goodness it was reasonably priced. I just don't find this groundbreaking at all. More canned music.  If your strapped for cash, skip this album.  Get a good one like the downward spital, or broken
Goes for an exuberant alt-rock sound, but each song sounds too "same-y." The keyboard sound is the same throughout and gets old quick despite the minimal contributions. The female vocalist is good but the dude's voice is quirky and a little annoying but still pretty good.Yet another guy band with a female bassist. What does this mean? Let's face it, the best thing going for Unit Seven Drain (what a dumbass name, but hey, half the bands I love have dumbass names) is the hot bassist. They should exploit her if they ever want to get past the hobby/club circuit level.Check out SELECTOR which is much better. A bit too derivative in places, but it's closer to a four star album.
All of the other albums made by Helios are all instrumental based, this one he decided to make it lyrically based. I really don't like the lyrics in it at all, and I don't think the instrumentals are nearly as good as the other one's; it's like he just put lyrics in place of good instrumentals. Nothing too dynamic in this album either, the only song that stood out in it for me was "In Heaven", but that's mostly just because I remember the song they are covering from the movie Eraserhead. The rest of them all kind of sounded the same to me.I'm sure plenty of people will still like it, just make sure you preview it before you listen. I didn't do this because I figured it would be along the same lines of his other albums, and I was disappointed.
I'm sure there are people out there that will love this disc, but I can't even get all the way through it. Every day on the way to work it has been in the CD player, solely for the purpose of writing this review. If I can make it through 2 songs, it has been a good morning (or bad...)I can't in good conscience give it a single star because I am sure there are people that love this stuff. I however, am not a member of their organization.
Not exactly not my cup of tea.  Some songs are ok, although the "Falling Slowly" song grates on my nerves as one of the most horrific songs ever to win an Academy Award.  It sounds like it was composed by a 5-year old.  The "Heart It Races" song starts off interestingly enough, but it dissolved into a wannabe Talking Heads attempt with weird synth counds.  The rest of it is fairly forgettable.  Recommended for fans who actually listen to KCRW.
These songs reflect our own time and political mood more than they do the lives of the presidents.  Once the novelty of hearing a song about someone like Millard Fillmore wears off, the sketchy nature of the historical understanding annoys.  Tippecanoe was in Indiana, not Ohio, dude.  And James Polk fretting at being pushed around?  He was one president who had a clear agenda on which he campaigned, and who also made good on all of his campaign promises.But the album is worthwhile if you are interested exploring an inherent conflict in our presidency -- the conflict between "great" and "mortal."  The presidential pedestal is so high, and yet the individuals that we place there are, after all, only human.  Perhaps to the non-technical historian, this work will bring into focus the men behind the roll of names.If you want clever summaries about presidential careers, I recommend the presidential haiku site -- "His clothes stolen while/swimming in the Potomac/signalled a rough term" says so much beyond those 17 syllables about John Quincy Adams.
I've been a big fan of Halou for a while, and this album was a big letdown.  The lead single "It Will All Make Sense In the Morning," is one of the best tracks the band's ever recorded--atmospheric, catchy, and haunting all at once.  Classic Halou that I've come to adore.  The rest of the album, however, blends into itself and never seems to go anywhere.  Save yourself some money and just download "It Will All Make Sense..." as it's the only bit here worth your money, sadly.
When you view this item as Amazon is selling it in this offer, it's very confusing.  Amazon shows only two mp3's for preview, but attaches the reviews for some other offering that included the entire album.  Make no mistake, you are only getting two songs if you buy this.  Very shabby and deceptive listing, not to mention that $1.78 is a very high price to pay for only two songs from a 1968 album.  Buyer Beware!Quality of the recording is good, but I'm very disappointed.
And that's the exact problem with this album. No anger, no energy, that typical D4 anthemic sound has been sugar coated somehow to make it more appropriate for tracking a skate video they would be playing at Zumies. It's not punk it's bunk. Sorry dudes.
I've heard Sister Hazel and Counting Crows before but most of these songs sounded more like the "new" country to me more than those bands.  I'm not a fan of country but I did like the songs "Blue To A Blind Man" and "Ride".  The rest are, to me, forgettable.
I have A LOT of Bad Manners, think I know them about as well as an American can, but I'm not quite sure WHAT this compilation is.  It seems to be a mishmash of thrown together tracks, live and otherwise.  Is it authorized by Bad Manners even?  "Skarville?"  "Hokey Cokey?"  "I Just Wanna Bang on a Drum?"  At least find out the songs' names.  It's pretty forgettable, I bought it, downloaded it and listened to (most of it) about once.  For $6.99 not bad, I guess, but don't expect miracles.  Track down Forging Ahead, Mental Notes, Heavy Petting or Stupidity and you'll do much better.
Very interesting... When I hear this music I have that same feeling as when I see a portly, very tanned, older lady wearing clothes that looked borrowed from her skinny granddaughter.  I WANT to turn away... but I just... can't.In many ways, it is the musical equivalent of the album cover.  There is no deception here in the purchase.  See the cover?  That is the music.  No excuses for those who hate the music.That being said, it is the most interesting bad music I think I have ever heard... Like... technicolor toilet water... a sweet smelling poot... a fruitcake that is just good enough to keep eating...  However, it is original.  And I think it was Pablo Casals that said something like "if you are original, people will love you for the exact same reason people hate you."So, keep making music Sanjaya, no matter what I or anyone else says.  It is definitely music that must be heard to be believed, and that means many dollars in your (and your producer's) pocket and many more albums to come.
I am one of the biggest Geoff Farina fans out there, but this album unfortunately does not deliver. The other Secret Stars album far outshines this one to the point that I never really listen anymore. There are a few nice tracks, but overall this album drones on, both of their voices seem to adolescent to be captivating. Her voice especially, I dont know why she records music.
I became aware of this band while watching the crappy movie "The Roommate".  The song "Houses" plays as the credits roll.  I was intrigued by the sound of the Band and the voice of the lead singer Rachel Stolte.  Rachel has a great voice.  I could literally listen to her sing the phone book, which is a good thing because the lyrics make about as much sense.  This is a band with a great sound and nothing to say.  I can only hope that (a) Rachel hooks up with another band or (b) these guys hire a lyricist because I've found deeper meaning on Hanson records.
Radiola  being the second album from the fine arts showcase is an album that I picked out at my local library and to be fair it sounds like generic rock with generic lyrics. To say that it is a bit boring is a fair assessment. The vocals sound average. The sound is better then their debut album but I have heard this sound so many times before and with better lyrics and vocals. Many of the songs sound trite but Chemical Girl is an o.k track. The cover is beyond boring and it looks like the photograph was shot with an instant camera and not by a professional photographer. 2/5.
This album is more Yeah Yeah YAWN than Yeah Yeah Yeahs. Karen O doesn't scream once throughout the whole album. I could imagine this stuff being played on the radio between Hillary Duff and Miley Cyrus. It's sad. And that's coming from a big fan. Bring Nick's guitar back!
The band has changed course, and not in a good way.  They have flown miles away from the rockin miles away of the past.  Zero is the only song that hints at their old greatness (and by hint, I mean sounds like Blondie from the 80s even more than the rockin YYYs of the last decade).  If you put their Art Star next to any of these songs you would swear this is a different band.  RIP YYYs, I will miss you very much, I was so in love with your older stuff.
I was just dabbling, trying to find new music I'd like.  This didn't really do it for me.  It's not really bad, it's just not my style.
Most of the songs just are not that upbeat and there is little here interesting. I love indie music, but this is really not a good CD. Skip this one. The songs are just too droning and boring.
But not quite worth 3 bucks.  It has some moments, but not sure where they're trying to go with their music.  The singers do not have pleasant voices. Maybe they're trying to copy a bit of the late 60's, but we can always listen to that good stuff from old recordings.
This sampler gave me such a feeling of complacency that I haven't had in a long time. The music is, well, okay. There's nothing I would call really exceptional although "Motorbike" by Goldenboy and "Jen, Nothing Matters to Me" by Irving are the two stand-outs on this sampler. When I downloaded it, it was Free; now it's $5.99. If it was still free, I would give it 3 stars, but to want six bucks for this... I gotta give it 2 stars.
Indeed, the song titles and artist names on the first two tracks are swapped. But, thanks for the free Sampler!
I purchased this after hearing "Casio Halbzeit" and previewing the rest of the tracks. "Casio Halbzeit" is a fun glitchy-electro track, but unfortunately the rest of the album is basically unlistenable. At this point, you may be writing me off as a stranger to this type of aggressive IDM music, but be assured I am not. I also have a lot of patience when it comes to trying out new material, knowing that music sometimes grows on you.But unfortunately I can't even make it through most of the tracks after Halbzeit. For instance, "Stolpernova" begins promisingly, but by two minutes in has completely fallen apart even by the loose standards of this genre.Not to be a broken record (pun intended), but "Casio Halbzeit" is promising, so maybe Knalpot's future releases will step up their game.
Roughly hewed noise-art gurgling has a slight primitive pull but fails to capitalize on shallow angularities.
Okay, I can't stress enough how bad the compilation of these covers are.Most people sound better singing karaoke at the bar than the people who cover this pack.I won't ever buy this kind of karaoke again.The best cover on here is a Fall out Boy song and it's not even close to the original,the karaoke versions still make you sing with these third rate singers.You could argue that most people would just use this for fun and not be so critical but it's so talentless you will still be upset you have to sing with these people in the background.
The band's sound has been categorized as gothic rock, dark metal and even something called love metal (whatever that is). Enter Alex Crescioni and Diminished 7. Born in 2007 as the result of a side project in the back of his mind while involved with the bands Crushing Skulls and Reciprocal, Diminished 7 has been grouped into the same genre with bands such as HIM and Type O Negative. To some this could be huge praise, to others a huge turn off. Unfortunately for myself, it was mostly the latter.Diminished 7's debut album Dim World opens up with the track "Your Warmth From A Candle", which features Halloween-esque keyboards, haunting vocals and a fairly simple arrangement. All of this is accompanied by Alex's crooning vocals and a memorable chorus that makes the track. This was a nice opener for the album and it really grew on me. The song also features a nice guitar breakdown and has an overall haunting appeal (which seems to be the theme for this album as a whole)."Gothic" is a term and genre that applies very well to Dim World. Each song is like the chronicles of a vampire, which I found to be a bit clich&eacute; in both the presentation and the lyrics themselves. With song titles like "Taste A Vampire" and "Her Bloodlust At Sunset" would anyone be wrong to assume the same thing at first glance? The lyrics follow suite as well. It's nothing new and I felt like the album's sound and concept were a bit dated. While running through the album a few times I felt like I was waiting for things to peak and really wow me, but unfortunately that moment never arrived and I felt underwhelmed. The album has a few shining moments that I got into but I was never blown away. It's very slow and there are a moments where the initial introduction to a song holds a steady tempo and feel, only to drop off and break down into darkness and atmosphere. This left me in the dark.The rhythm section on the album offers nothing to write home about either. With songs like "Taste A Vampire" and "In Fear of The End of Days" the bass drum rarely deviates from the standard steady double pound that seems to drone on through the songs more than it should. Where there could've been some subtle drum fills and diversity, these songs take the easy road and only end up delivering repetition and lack of inspiration.On the bright side (or dark side?), the album's overall sound offers some nice atmospheric moments and paints the dark pictures that I think Alex intended them to. The track "She Lost Her Heart In Hollywood" offers up a catchy chorus and seems to be one of Diminished 7's more popular tracks. "Our Darkest Love" steps away from the keyboard that you hear on the first few tracks and offers up a music box sound that was reminiscent of something out of a Saw movie. This is another track on the album that I think should be recognized. It should also be noted that Alex plays a 7 string guitar but I wish the album would showcase this more.Being mentioned alongside bands like HIM and Type O Negative, I think Diminished 7's debut album will get a lot of airplay and praise from fans of the aforementioned. Unfortunately, I wasn't able to get into the album and felt really underwhelmed by it. The theme introduces nothing new and the album droned on and never strayed from the safe zone. Regardless, the album remains in my playlist and although it offers a lot of clich&eacute; lyrics and concepts, there are a few tracks that will grow on you. Don't expect the album to blow you away or introduce any sort of notable innovation.OUR RATING(2.5/5)
Everybody likes '5 o'clock World'  and it is a a great track with a deserving following but there really isn't another track on this album that is anywhere near the awesomeness of that track.
There is only one song worth listening to. You get what you pay for. Cannot recommend this to anyone........ no
Got to the fourth track, a ballad, when the explicit language begins. I would like to have good music without profanity.
I honestly did not expect James McCartney or his music to sound exactly like his dad Paul, but I was curious to see how far the Apple fell from the tree.  James, 33, recorded and performed with Paul McCartney in the past, and co-wrote songs with him.  The bottom line on this Available Light EP is that the songs are very mediocre.  There is some good guitar work here and there, and the arrangements and production are OK, but the songs are just DOA.  "My Friend" borders on awful.  A cover of Neil Young's "Old Man," the closing number, is the only half decent thing on the EP, but it only made me wish to hear the original version rather than this one.  Also, James' vocals are very thin throughout; not very easy on the ear at all.  There were several times where I thought, "This guy really should not be singing."
Not a terrible compilation, but nothing unusual or new.  If you like whats on the radio currently, much of this should please you.  I am not saying these songwriters are bad, on the contrary:  many should have good careers in front of them--just there isn't anything on this compilation that is breaking any new ground or cutting edge, which is more what I expected from a sampler of lesser-known artists.I appreciate free music, but since it's free, isn't there a little more room for risk-taking instead of tried-and-true genres we already get from mainstream outlets?
I downloaded this album with hopes of discovering a new band that I could really like. In the past, I have either bought or borrowed albums and have discovered artists such as Gomez, Newton Faulkner, The Androids and The Sweet Remains, which produce music that is truly great. However, I cannot say that about this album. There are a couple of hopeful moments during some of the songs, but then the song ether just drags on, or moves into something that that doesn't work for me. Even bands that I have heard of like The Red Jumpsuit Apparatus have a song on this compilation that just plain sucks. Many of the recordings have a less than pro-level sonic quality as well. I'm not sure if they were recorded in home studios or maybe the studio that recorded the band was inexperienced, but I can easily spot issues with phase-cancellation, editing mistakes, and performance compromises. I'm going to listen to the entire CD again just to make sure that I'm being fair with my review. I just hope that "Experience Music" isn't the direction that new music is going. This is only one person's opinion...maybe I'm completely wrong.Wait!...The song from Turnstylz is kinda cool. Yessss!! This record isn't a complete loss.
Pigeon John has transitioned from wonderful hiphop to a mediocre hipster genre. I will admit there are a couple good songs on here, but I'm not a huge fan of the rest. If you want a good PJ album, get Summertime Pool Party. From a Christian perspective, I'm a little upset with the direction Pigeon John is going. This album he decides to introduce foul language- "I feel so damn gangsta". Where is this even coming from?
I was a huge fan of Walk Off the Earth ever since I found their "Somebody that I Used to Know" cover on youtube. Needless to say, I eagerly awaited their album because I wanted to support the band.I recently purchased it finally and found myself disappointed with it. If you're looking for original songs, only a few of the tracks are actually so. The vast majority of the album (and I mean vast majority) are short tracks consisting of Petey Pablo talking semi-comedic intros of each song (that usually have very little to do with the song in actuality), followed by what are labeled as "Chopped n' Screwed" versions of songs that were already on the album. Chopped n Screwed doesn't appeal to me at all -- all I gather from such tracks is that they've been slowed down to a "Because I Got High" like slow-mo effect that just isn't appealing to listen to. It sounds stupid.So don't let the impressive 23 tracks push you over the edge to buying the album. There's actually very little content on this album and its extremely padded.Of the original songs that are on the album, a vast majority of them have a very reggae sound that doesn't really reflect a lot of the cover music that the band has put on their youtube channel. I understand the band wants to have its own unique sound, but this is a bit far from "Somebody That I Used to Know".To add further disappointment to the album, Sarah Blackman and other fan favorites from the youtube channel are nowhere to be found on the album - in fact the album art depicts a small fraction of what most people would consider is the band "Walk Off the Earth" from youtube, so ... what gives?Is the entire album a loss? No. "Money Tree" is actually quite pleasant. But those seem to be the album's one success in my opinion, and its hardly much to write home about. I think you'll get more satisfaction out of watching Walk Off the Earth's youtube channel, personally.The grand irony of the whole deal is about the time I got to the track "Disappointed", I realized I was disappointed too: with my purchase.
I had expected so much more from this CD. I caught their live performance on Later with Jools Holland on BBC2 (UK).Got the CD. Played it several times and apart from a couple of tracks it is very mediocre. Highly derivative of Coldplay at best. Highly derivative of bad Coldplay for the rest.To recap, unoriginal and quite dull.
I bought this without ever having listened to Young the Giant because Amazon strongly recommended it and the customer reviews verified this. Turns out, this just isn't my thing. It's too relaxed, too boring. The music isn't bad, it just doesn't excite or interest me. I can only use this as background music when I'm working.
Im not sure why I bought this album, but it is not the type of music that I like. I'm sure if you like this kind of music then this is a great album, just not my taste.
I was surprised to see so many 5 star reviews for this album. I guess folks are starved for decent new music.I bought it cheap on Amazon after seeing them on Conan. Glad I didn't pay full price.The first song is great. The 2nd song is good but I loose interest after that.I love the clear clean vocals. The lead singer is great. I just can't stand the slow, songs. Reminds me of the 1st album by 'Keane'.Make sure you listen to it before you purchase. I think this album is pretty depressing as a whole.
None of the songs were particularly great. Not gonna write a full music review, just didn't really like the band that much.
in the sense that when you listen to it, it just sort of makes you scratch your head.Mushy, and I don't care how pop-ish Welcome to the Real World was... this is just too much of a departure, too quickly from that sound.I liked "Go On"... despite it being dramatically different from WttRW, in the same way that I appreciated Farenheit several albums and "sounds" away from Toto IV, but this doesn't work.Artists, unless you're JD Salinger, should work, not make us wait 20 years for another listen. Do something, tour, give us something to listen to, reform Pages... anything.Having said that, Richard Page is easily my favorite rock/pop singer... and this is worth grabbing for his voice alone.
Honestly, I felt that this album had no effort put into it. The first track &#34;Follow the Trail of Blood&#34; was okay, however, I didn't like the vocal mix in Andy's voice for it. Then there's &#34;F**** Machine&#34; which has a killer beat which I enjoyed, I also enjoyed &#34;They&#34; but the rest, didn't work for me. Luckily, the new album &#34;We Love You&#34; is a major improvement. I just got a listen to that.
I WAS  GIVEN THIS AS A GIFT AND I DIDN'T LISTEN RIGHT AWAY , I SEE NOW WHY I DIDN'T . THIS KIND OF SAPPY, REPEATATIVE CATCH PHRASE TUNES MAKES ME SURLY . THEN TO TOP IT OFF THEY OPENED FOR FOXY SHAZAM (WHO I LOVE) AND I WANTED TO HANG MYSELF . I'M SURE IT'S GOOD FOR SOMEONE WHO LIKES HEARING THE SAME 4 WORDS SUNG OVER AND OVER AND OVER. SORRY MANIAC - YOU SUCK.
I got this as a free download. Thank you, Amazon for allowing me the opportunity to acquire new music for free. But I guess what they say is true  - sometimes you get what you pay for.Meh.
Most of the songs being under or near 2 mins, this album is definitely a sign of the times and caters towards the attention span of the current generation. I don't know if thats good or not, but when you combine in the chaotic sounds of the track mixing, I can't tell what the hell is going on in the song.It's not horrible, but am concerned where their true artistry lies with songs that are 2/3 as long most albums created in the past 25 years. It just expresses to me that they may not be capable of thinking past 2 mins even when working as a group.
Let me just start by saying that i was really eager to buy this album because i have really loved Omnia's previous offerings for the most part. This one was a real let down! Steve has gone off on some misguided idea that he can rap (as Dr. Sic... blech) . The instrumental songs on this album are really really nice, and i recommend downloading those if you are an Omnia fan, but basically all of the tracks with vocals are not good. Just plain not good. The first time i  listened to this album i didn't like it but i thought, "hey, i'll give it another chance, afterall, it's Omnia!" And i listened to it again two more times, and liked it less and less each time. I liked this album so little that i actually decided that it was so bad that i no longer liked Omnia at all, in light of this present incarnation! And i liked Omnia a LOT! But after a year or so after listening to this album, i have come back to Omnia and i still enjoy their other albums very much, and like i said, the instrumental tracks off of this one. I feel like maybe they are just trying to reinvent themselves in a fashion, or trying to incorporate other influences, and it hasn't gelled yet. Hopefully in the next album it will gel! i hope so!
Can't agree with the praising reviews of this sampler. It's basically a bunch of mostly unknowns hoping to make a living with mediocre material - at least that's what's on this sampler. Seems to me that today's musicians/writers/producers keep setting the artistic bar lower and lower. Having said this, the track by Trailer Bride is the most interesting & repeatable track in the collection, especially with the theremin effect in it.
This free album has various artists & some songs seem like a cross between Country & Rock.Of the 13 songs kept: "Dirty mouth Flo" is sort of comical , "Gather" is thoughtful & slow , "Gotta Get Back To Forgetting You" good song & good singer , & almost kept "Merseyside" .Most songs seemed to loud & fast for my liking.Though some people may like a lot more or even less...The whole album is free so make your own decision.
If you love very amateurish garage/punk sounds, this one's for you, enjoy.  Otherwise, proceed with caution.  Uninspired covers performed with the attitude that the originals weren't sloppy enough, so the bands uniformly (and tunelessly) thrash away as if they are just so much hipper than the original band.  The saving graces are the historical radio snippets off the members themselves, and the inclusion of Sandy West's song.  But to have to listen to soundbytes for enjoyment says a lot of what I think of this "tribute" to my favorite band.  The band/label should do themselves a favor and spend a little money on getting better bands for covers (unless they don't think they warrant it ?)  And fans should do themselves a favor and just keep listening to those great Runaways records instead.
I don't know what it is exactly but she seems to have lost her edginess that made her first album so good.  Haven't seen her touring either.  At least not since her first album.  Sad.  She is  great writer and singer.  I just wish she would get off her ass and realize her potential again.
Seven Devils was my introduction to this group. They have some incredible gems on this one (including the title track 7 Devils) that I feel puts them in a league of their own here. That said, the album itself was schizophrenic in that some tracks are true to that bluegrassy Kentucky hollows twang, but then they jump around to something similar to rockabilly and even pop country. I think they have the makings of an incredible album if they'd pick a style and master it, and I think the bluegrass style is their best bet. Others do the Rockabilly thing so much better. I wanted to love this album, and in fact I do love certain tracks. But all in all, the thing is a mess and too inconsistent to call a classic.
I've enjoyed the bulk of their music over the years.  This however seems to miss their usual cuteness and energy and wacky pronunciations.
Angelspit had a dilemma.  After the masterpiece Krankhaus, their momentum stalled with the lackluster Blood Death Ivory.  Many tracks on that album were largely indistinguishable from one another, with little of the instrumentation or atmosphere so prevalent on its predecessor.  After a remix disc based on BDI came Hideous and Perfect.  Though stylistically very similar to BDI, it was far better executed and recaptured some of the energy Angelspit seemed to have lost.  Personally, I like to think of Hideous and Perfect as the album BDI was supposed to be.  Still, the formula was becoming stale, with some of the same beats and sounds being regurgitated multiple times over multiple albums.So here we have Hello My Name Is.  We see Angelspit with two new band members (*cough cough* I mean three...sorry about that).  They've added a guitarist, a drummer...and a visual artist.  I'm a bit confused as to how the latter is actually a band member, but I suppose that's beside the point.  Angelspit changed their formula in the physical sense.But did that change result in a new musical direction?Well, not really.  On the two remix releases between this and Hideous and Perfect were a handful of new tracks.  Some were a notable departure from Angelspit's earlier work.  Techno-influenced beat-driven tracks dominated, with Toxic Girl being the only one that could have found a home on any of their full-length albums to date.And yet, despite the addition of a drummer and a guitarist, Hello My Name Is continues the electronica vibe those remix discs began.  There are few moments that sound like live drumming.  Likewise, the guitars are subdued for much of the album.  In other words, if you didn't already know about the line-up change then listening to the album won't tip you off.  Hello My Name Is merely continues the evolution of Angelspit that was already taking place by this point.The album has elements of punk, techno, new wave, and pieces of the Angelspit sound from previous albums all thrown together in a blender - but they don't come out to form a coherent whole.  Hello My Name Is sounds disjointed and unfinished.  Part of it's the production.  The bass is often so loud it drowns out the rest of the music.  I've had to adjust stereo settings just to hear more than the bass and to keep it from hurting my ears (admittedly my ears may be more sensitive than most).  At times the vocals are so quiet they're buried under the barrage of noise.The other part's the songs themselves.  Cubicle starts the album off and progressively adds more instrumentation and volume as the song goes on, but it never reaches a climax.  It's very short, which makes the gradual crescendo technique ineffective.  Vermin and Deadly are essentially both techno songs, albeit with more variation than the average raver can handle.  Neither Jailbait nor Monkeybyte have any redeeming features, with both feeling like they lack substance and direction.  Both are mostly just a beat with some yelled vocals and the occasional guitar or noise layered on top to round things out.  Bulletproof is Angelspit's guitar-laden, industrial take on punk.  You're either in the mood for a punk song or you're not.  Either way it's unique, but you'll have to suffer through the derivative riff at the beginning.  Violence ends the album with a slow trip-hop flavor.  It's not bad, but it's not particularly notable either.With all that being said, not everything falls flat here.  Defibrillator may be one of Angelspit's best tracks.  It's fun.  It's catchy.  It's different.  The lyrics are sung rather than yelled.  It's pop, but it's rock, and industrial...and everything melds together quite well.  It could never find a home on the band's earlier albums but it's still a brilliant moment with a sound clearly identifying it as Angelspit.  Static is beat-driven classic Angelspit with some insidious twists likely to get it stuck in your head every time you hear it.  Catatonic plays with vocal effects and ranges the band hasn't explored much before, creating passages that are hauntingly beautiful.  Musically, Counterfeit features a subdued version of the band's signature sound, but the lyrics are intriguing.  The line "if God is money, then I am the devil" instantly became one of my favorite quotes.However, Hello My Name Is ultimately has one standout track and only a handful of decent ones.  It's very uneven overall, and it's clear the new line-up has some kinks to work out.  The CD booklet loses the elaborate costumes and intricate artwork from past work, replacing them with black and white pictures of the band members (the album cover ends up being the most interesting part).Ironically, Counterfeit features the line, "Ever get the feeling that you've been ripped off?  How about right now?"  And yeah, I unfortunately have to say I do a little.
As others have mentioned the main problem is the style of singing used on most of the tracks is really not what we listened for with Jump Little Children, Jump, and Jay Clifford's first album.  Standing on the Shoulders of Giants is a decent song as well.
This is close to the ORIGINAL CASTE'S version on TA-Talent Associates Records (dist by Bell), but it's a re-cut.At least it's better than that horridly annoying re-make on WB by Coven!!!The fraud here is using the original artist's name but NOT having a disclaimer that it's not the original hit version.Here's the original album and single hit version on CD. (not available on mp3, but who cares-convert it!)One Tin Soldier
Let me start out by saying that the predecessor to this album, A Violent Emotion, is probably one of my five favorite electronic albums, so I didn't expect this to be able to top it.  However, I never expected it to fall so short, either.The first track, 'A Nice Place to Visit', kicks off the album rather abruptly with a harsh scream over a pounding beat, but it's pretty much downhill from there.  As soon as the main vocals started I immediately knew this album was going to be a disappointment.  I loved the vocal style on AP's first two albums, but I have to say that on this release they are much hollower and far too weak to pack the same aggression as before.  I read a review somewhere that joked about Daniel Graves having his vocal chords replaced with a frog's, and honestly I can't think of a better way to describe it.Then the clean vocals start and made me want to stop listening altogether.  On AVE, the clean vocals were well planned, strong, and worked to perfection.  I honestly don't know what to think about them on this album (see example the title track...), but they seem out of place (and in the wrong genre).  I definitely would consider them a bad move.Lest you think the shift in vocal style is my only reason for giving this album a 2/5 (I would rather have given it a 1.5, but that's not possible so...), rest assured I have more problems with it.  The melodies and synth lines are dull and repetitive, sounding like slightly harsher cookie-cutter riffs from some dance track.  The music itself seems to have lost most of its edge, just like the vocals.Overall, when listening to this album I continually get the sense that the songs are trying so hard to be as dark, aggressive, and energetic as the cover art would suggest, but in the end they just fall short in every way.  If I had to pick a favorite track, it would probably be 'The Devil's in the Details', as it reminds me of 'Spit It Out', the opening track from AVE.  Honestly, if you're a fan of AP, be prepared for a disappointment, and if you're not a fan (yet) I strongly urge you to start with AVE or the first album Close to Human.  Both are far better than this one.
Let me start out by saying that the predecessor to this album, A Violent Emotion, is probably one of my five favorite electronic albums, so I didn't expect this to be able to top it. However, I never expected it to fall so short, either.The first track, 'A Nice Place to Visit', kicks off the album rather abruptly with a harsh scream over a pounding beat, but it's pretty much downhill from there. As soon as the main vocals started I immediately knew this album was going to be a disappointment. I loved the vocal style on AP's first two albums, but I have to say that on this release they are much hollower and far too weak to pack the same aggression as before. I read a review somewhere that joked about Daniel Graves having his vocal chords replaced with a frog's, and honestly I can't think of a better way to describe it.Then the clean vocals start and made me want to stop listening altogether. On AVE, the clean vocals were well planned, strong, and worked to perfection. I honestly don't know what to think about them on this album (see example the title track...), but they seem out of place (and in the wrong genre). I definitely would consider them a bad move.Lest you think the shift in vocal style is my only reason for giving this album a 2/5 (I would rather have given it a 1.5, but that's not possible so...), rest assured I have more problems with it. The melodies and synth lines are dull and repetitive, sounding like slightly harsher cookie-cutter riffs from some dance track. The music itself seems to have lost most of its edge, just like the vocals.Overall, when listening to this album I continually get the sense that the songs are trying so hard to be as dark, aggressive, and energetic as the cover art would suggest, but in the end they just fall short in every way. If I had to pick a favorite track, it would probably be 'The Devil's in the Details', as it reminds me of 'Spit It Out', the opening track from AVE. Honestly, if you're a fan of AP, be prepared for a disappointment, and if you're not a fan (yet) I strongly urge you to start with AVE or the first album Close to Human. Both are far better than this one.
I got my artists mixed up and purchased this by accident. Typically I wouldn't mind but upon listening to this band I realized it's not for me.
I ordered it by accident, so I opened it to see what is was like. It's okay. It's a mellow-er instrumental verison of the actual Goyte song &#34;Someone That I Used to Know.&#34;
While appreciating the efforts of both artist and producer, the question is, why?  Both the original and the excellent cover by WOTE (Walk Off the Earth)are wonderful versions of this very powerful song.  This version is neither a significant improvement upon either of the aforementioned offerings nor does it provide anything other than average production value.  I suggest you give this link a try instead.Somebody That I Used To Know
I look for a little more umph in my music then this album has, if you like slow you will like this.
I appreciate these guys for keeping the goth sound alive, but this album is pretty silly. It's just so cliche.I hope they had fun making it and didn't lose any money.
I listened to the samples and thought &#34;umm, not that catchy but perhaps it will grow on my once I listen to the album a few times on a good stereo.&#34;Well it's didn't grow on me and I probably will not listen to it much anymore.
After stumbling across Harshlizer, these guys soared into the top of my (very broad)list of Industrial/Metal bands. They were unique and original, not the usual "good", but still usual sound that so many bands have these days. So with such high hopes for this album I was terribly upset upon listening to it. It's generic in it's execution but sadly lacking in melody for much of it too. I feel some of the songs were only half realized. Dark Skies is the jewel of the album, honestly the only one worth snagging from the MP3 format, (I am a cd purist, I love having the artwork and everything) though the title track is reasonably good for what it is. I just hope with their next release they return to what they put out on Harshlizer, I love these guys and I want to support them.
I've never been a huge fan of remixes of popular songs...and this one is no different.It is my fault that I own this...I wasn't paying attention and bought this thinking that it was the original. Once it downloaded and I pushed play, it was immediately clear that I made a mistake.I decided to give it a chance, but was underwhelmed by the end of the song.If you like remixes, it might appeal to you, but for me it is a no go.
I did not realize that this was a different version, I bought it on my smartphone and I could not read the Tiesto Remix. Waste of $ unless you like this type of music which I do not.
This is NOT the original song, which is obvious if you can see the whole title. However, I was on my phone and searched for this song to buy it. This was the first result and the part in parentheses indicating it is a remix was not visible. I guess this is an OK remix, but you can't hear the xylophone, which is my favorite part, so I'm giving it a solidly low review.
This song does not need to exist. Wast of time and money. I regret that I bought it. I want a refund.
I am huge fan of Pete's work with Harem Scarem and Fairground.  Pure and simple, Pete is probably the least known guitar god in music history.  Guitar playing is unquestionably his forte'.  Unfortunately, what is very evident fom the first spin here is that Pete Lesperance's strength is not in being the singer/main songwriter.His voice is pleasantnough, but lacks that element that makes you have to listen.  If the ones were stronger, perhaps it would make up for that....but sadly it does not.From the opening track, the very Cheryl Crow sounding &#34;Say Hello&#34;,  this album really goes nowhere.  The songwriting it very predictable, lazy, and lacks any degree of surprise.Save Me and Hollywood are pleasant enough songs, but not nearly enough to fill the void.Fairground had all the elements found here, only with a little more energy and stronger songs.Two stars is a push.
I get this is a remix, but most of the songs don't even have the original lyrics or really no lyrics at all.  I'm all for a good remix, but don't delete the lyrics.  Andrew, you're a great artist but stick to your original sound and get us some new music instead of a remix version of the old album.  I'm anxiously awaiting new music from you, which is why I bought this album...but I feel I just wasted $8!
I loved The Ladder.. I don't know what this is, but it's not Andrew Belle...  It's unrecognizable...  Thankfully due to Rhapsody I didn't have to buy this to listen to it first...Stop wasting time remixing and please release another incredible album...
Let me first start by saying that isn't necessarily a bad album... it's just that The Birthday Massacre hasn't expanded or evolved their sound much at all since their debut a decade ago.  Even in their first release, there was a thread of continuity between each track that bordered on repetitive (layered synth, soft/breathy vocals, etc.), but at the time I felt it gave the album a cohesion and defined their sound.  TBM had such amazing potential because everything seemed very original (right down to their cover art and website) and well-produced.  It's just too bad that they've squandered that potential by pigeonholing themselves into that first-album sound; what was once original seems bland and homogenized... if you've heard one CD, then you've heard them all.  There's no surprises, and disappointingly few tracks in their entire catalog that truly stand out.  I realize it's a VERY frightening idea to change a formula that was once very fresh and successful; consumers can be very fickle in that they want something new, but if it's too much of a departure from what they've come to expect, it can totally kill a career. But after 10 years of putting out the same album again and again, I think TBM needs to take a chance and change things up a bit.  I miss that "WOW" feeling I got when I listened to that first CD, and I truly hope I'll feel that again when I listen to a future release.
This band has so many trademarks of something I would like. Canadian, 80's synth sound but with some metal guitars, cutie pie pixie goth chick singer in a catholic schoolgirl outfit and some rather catchy songs.  Prior to this album, I loved virtually everything they had done.  I liked the stuff that had the synth play a prominent role, as well as the guitar driven stuff. I liked the super heavy stuff, and even liked the ballads (and I generally can't stand ballads).Having said that, this album is terribly uninspired in my opinion. There were a couple moments on here that are worth salvaging, but when compared to previous efforts that at their worst had a couple moments that were a step below fantastic this is such a letdown.They just started a crowd funding campaign for their next album, and I hope they do a lot better. Like I said, I enjoyed the full range up until this album and found myself surprised to not like this.Sorry TBM but I have to be honest.
As much as I wanted to like the newest TBM release, it failed to impress me. The majority of the tracks seem uninspired to me.  Nowhere near as creative as Nothing and Nowhere, Violet, Walking with Strangers and even Pins & Needles. I realize that the aforementioned albums, especially their first three were FABULOUS albums that set the bar quite high, but the majority of tracks on Hide and Seek simply don't stand out to me. I love Chibi and the gang, but this album really failed to live up to expectations for me. Am I alone on this?
This was by far their worst album to date. Half the songs hardly sound like they came from TBM and the half that do, either are really, really boring or are so awkwardly made that it loses any value. Either there is little to no meaning behind any of the songs (skin deep at best, and sometimes it doesn't even have that) or it clashes completely with how the song is played. It kills any mood the song is trying to create or it makes you listen to the lyrics simply for how they are sung. I loved how creative and insane many of the early songs were; Lover's End was just as dark as it was portrayed, Remember Me sounded sad and the echoes actually symbolized the distance that was being told about in the lyrics, The Dream had some of the weirdest imagery ever, and it goes on... Calling was flat out about death, Leaving Tonight was about runaways dying, sung in an upbeat manner... Why? Where did all the talent go??
This was not the same song I heard on Pandora.  It is disappointing and I will need to be more cautious when selecting music. The price was only 99cents but it was still not what I wanted.
Not a very good album.....Does feel like that band is just going through the motions. This one can be skipped.
Beach Boys fan? Bet you have all the songs, well, maybe except for "That's Why God Made The Radio". There are better greatest hits compilations than this one. Does Capitol Records have someone sit around to come up with the umpteenth way to repackage the same old, same old. YAWN! The only reason it's getting 2 stars is because it is the Beach Boys.
I love &#34;The Time is Now&#34;, and &#34;Redbird&#34;, but the other songs didn't do much for me. I would skip this c.d. and just download the two great songs on this album.
Expected more. Disappointing. Kept waiting for it to turn into something more.....still waiting. Maybe the rest of the album is better????
There is something very half-hearted about the energy of this album. It's agreeable, but doesn't make much of an impression. If this is the first thing by them you would be hearing, I advise you to skip it and go for some other album. Chimeys (Bandcamp) is their finest work, imho, and Feel Bad is excellent also.
this certainly doesn't sound like "old school" blink. it sounds like enema of the state blink. let's be clear, "old blink" was before travis joined. if they had made this cover album sound like cheshire cat--an album i bought at a show when it came out on CD in 1995--that might have been interesting. also, the fake computer drums are terrible.
I really had high hopes, and was looking forward to listening this album.  Unfortunately, it fell totally flat.  I have all three versions of We Are Pilots, and Season of Poison, which are great.  But this particular album lacks feeling and originality.  It sounds just like any other generic electro-pop album out there today. I've really tried hard to like it and have given it many listens, but it blows.
When your first impression of the music isn't the music, there's a problem. First song must have recorded the Girls from the next room, but wait...it doesn't get much better. Second song sounds like it was recorded down the hall! And the third song: louder, but sounds like it was recorded with a hand-held mic at a concert. Would love to hear a re-recorded version so that I can review the actual music. Two stars only because the music showed promise.
I like Tyrone Wells but regretted this purchase, there's only one or two songs I really like. You could just buy &#34;This Love&#34; and &#34;Already Falling,&#34; which are both the kind of love song that stick in your head and don't leave for three days. &#34;You and Me on Top of the World&#34; is one of his more upbeat, fun songs, similar to others but still worth a listen. The rest is, as far as I'm concerned, syrupy schlocky or softcore religious.
I could not get into the music on this album for the life of me. I listen to a huge variety of music and usually find something of value on each album. This sounded like people trying to sound like amazing musicians but they missed the mark. This album is a compilation of those failures.
I like most other truckers fans was stoked when i heard there was gonna be a stroker ace solo album, but what we get is about half a live show thrown out there. The sound is ok, but you can certainly hear a lot, and i mean lot, of the bar noise. You can hear people coughing, chatting, and the whoops and hell yeahs will get you if you rock headphones, its a real rough listen, such a let down.
Sadly, I must report, that this is the worst Ocean Colour Scene album by a country mile. I've bought every OCS album (studio, bestof, or live), nearly every single (including the 2CD singles), solo albums, dvds, attended many concerts, and purchased the T-shirts, and this is the only OCS purchase I've regretted.It starts with six catchy, but forgettable tunes, with only "If God Made Everyone" having any lasting impact. Before it divebombs into the some of the worst lyrically and musically terrible songs the band has produced. Professor Perplexity is embarrassing, Mistaken Identity nonsensical. The last two songs are bland and would be b-sides on any other album.The only truly good tracks are George's Tower, which is haunting but far too short, and The Union with it's excellent guitar riff and reminds me of Go To See Boys.Perhaps the solo albums have taken their toll on the band as both SF and SC solo efforts are far superior to this album.Sadly this album will go the way of On The Leyline and the Self Titled Album, pulled out only when I've overplayed everything else.
Seems like the download of You Really Got Me is 128 kbs (VBR).  I had hoped for a 256, but then again, it's a pretty tinny sounding song from the get go.  Amazing how fresh it still sounds after all these years.
This album is just not impressive. I hear no riffs, no hooks, and too many songs are slow and boring.
Trust me, Unfair? is just about Anarchists who organize gangs. Don't dare do it. They all die. Every time. Be an entertainer and educate about it.
I WAS LOOKING FOR THIS SONG THAT JJ HELLER SUNG THAT IS PLAYED ON RADIO OFTEN, BUT IT WAS NOT ON &#34;LOVED&#34;.  &#34;LOVED&#34; IS JUST NOT WHAT I FAVOR IN MUSIC---SORRY.
I was looking forward to acoustic sounds in this album. I thought her beautiful voice is lost in the sounds from what looks like a bigger orchestra than usual. I was disappointed after this time I bought the whole album.
The album is far away from The Selecter I know and love. Lots of dance hall rhythms, echo and weak lyrics. I am an &#34;Old&#34; SKA fan and appreciated The Selecter as they used to be. I understand that a band has to evolve and move forward but I feel that the band took a big step backward.
I wanted to like this album but just couldn't. It's more Lion King on Broadway Part: XThe stories are intriguing and depressing, so it has that going for it.
These type of songs have been covered by Hank 3 already. The main vocal is to weak and is drowned out by the music, maybe that's the idea. The choice of songs is not going to go over well with women, especially "  I'm gonna shoot that woman thru the head".  I guess they're going for the rowdy redneck crowd. I liked Hank 3 when he first came on the scene but he started putting out garbage like this trying to gross people out with the language. Just a waste of time to me.
I've been listening to the Strokes since they really first broke out and loved it. They've departed from the style that made them &#34;hit the spot&#34; for me. This album is about as far from satisfying for me as I feel they could release. I'm disappointed in the release. If I had the chance to be refunded and remove all of these songs from my phone/computer, I would. I will never listen to it again. Glad I could help the band out...that's really about it. (most of the sale probably went into the pockets of the label, though)
Today I came across Boyfriend Material, the new and "fresh" single from Brandon Word.I have to say the effort put into the artwork for this mp3 was well wasted. I mean seriously he looks like a gnome; a gnome that sounds like the afterbirth between Fallout  Boy and Ke$ha. The song is too repetitive, too flashy, and is lacking in musicianship. Instead of using the musical prowess of Metallica and Demon Hunter to torture terrorists in Guantanamo Bay, they should use this song. After listening to this track I immediately became an atheist, no real God would allow something this terrible to happen. Further more, this download is overpriced; you should be paying me to listen to this. Constructive criticism never hurt anybody, thnks fr th mmrs!
I didn't understand this one. It almost sounded like a pack of B-sides, it didn't feel like it had much effort put in, there's really only a couple songs on here that are OK and the rest are forgettable. He changed his singing style, his voice sounds high-pitched and purposefully out-of-tune and out-of-key a lot of the times and it adds nothing to the poorly conceived songs that are, really, not that memorable - especially when compared to their first 2 albums which were anthemic, powerful and punchy. Killer Sounds is supposedly to be some sort of transitional thing, I have to believe, an experimental thing, but doesn't quite work as well as lets say, The Jam's &#34;Sound Effects&#34; which worked brilliantly at a time when Paul Weller started to push for a transition with him.The techno-house-dance remixes add nothing to this album. For the price, they barely make the album worth it.
I really enjoyed &#34;The Beauty of Letting Go&#34; and &#34;Out of My Hands&#34; and I was eager for more.  But &#34;Under Fire&#34; is just OK, and this release I have already deleted from my phone.  So, I do not like their new direction.  Maybe you need to be a fan of country/folk/whatever this is, and I am not.
This review is probably unfair, as I couldn't get beyond the two initial tracks I listened to, both of which were clear rip-offs: "The weight" is just plain Depeche Mode, down to the Dave Gahan impersonation and "A ton of Love" is a Mission-Echo and the Bunnymen hybrid. Both tracks were not worth a second listen in my opinion. A dissapointment.
Editors were one of my favorite post-2000 bands, having released 'The Back Room' album in 2005 with hits like Munich, Blood, All Sparks, Bullets. It was one of the best indie albums of its time and received lots of critical acclaim. The follow-up albums 'An End Has A Start' in 2007 and 'In This Light and on this Evening' in 2009 were solid although not as great as the first. Now comes 'The Weight of Your Love' and disappoints. There is a change in style - more ballads, dramatic theatrical songs, falsettos, mandolins - you get the idea. A leading UK zine gave this one 4/10 saying they dialed this one in - and I have to agree.A few of the songs are still worthy as stand-alones, so suggested rankings :1. The Weight - an ok opener, 7/102. Sugar - a really good song, fun to drum along with, 9/103. A Ton of Love - the first single, "desire" repeated umpteen times gets into your head, 8/104. What Is This Thing Called Love - starts with a falsetto , ew. 2/105. Honesty - another mediocre falsetto ballad, 4/106. Nothing - sounds like something out of Phantom of the Opera, yuck, 4/107. Formaldehyde - back to some form of indie rock, 6/108. Hyena - ok song, but again that stupid falsetto chorus, 5/109. Two Hearted Spider-  booooring, goes nowhere, 5/1010. The Phone Book - another subdued track, by this time I couldn't care, 5/1011. Bird of prey - back to rock'n'roll of sorts, 7/1012. The Sting - pretty good song, 8/10
the band lost it's soul when guitarist Chris Urbanowicz departed. This new direction was the reason why he left and I don't blame him. This arena type of rock isn't what the editors where about or their appeal. We already have a U2, we don't need another. I'm sorry but you lost a fan.
Loved their first two albums and I was excited about this one. However like previous reviewers indicated, they totally dialed this in. "Does the song sound like U2? Yes, good. Move on to the next." "Ok, does this track mimic late 90s Depeche Mode, ok great!" "Does this bassline sound like Muse? Awesome, hit record." I just don't know what this band is thinking anymore. All the orchestral songs? Like, what?Can't wait for the new White Lies album!!! That's a band that understands "if it aint broke, don't fix it".
this collection is a little weak.  it doesn't have the two or three keepers that are usually found on these free albums.  nothing terrible, but disappointing.
This is a very disappointing sampler. Some are excellent selections from up and coming artists like "Totally True" by Violens. Others lack musicianship let alone artistry. I honestly got a headache from all the banging instruments just to make sounds; that is NOT music. I deleted 6 after one listen, but there are a few gems here, including "Hypnotic Regression" by Girls Names and "Another Day" by Echo Lake.
the song "totally true" is awesome!by the violens if your a 80's person you WILL get a flashback like crazy! its hipnotic melody will capture you download it its free what the hell!why not.
It has nothing to do with  the show. It's obviously just an attempt to milk it for more money with bad &#34;image&#34; songs about the show.
Moving Mountains returns to the scene with their third LP. Over the years I have listened to Pneuma, Foreword, and Waves many times. From Pneuma to Foreword the sound was similar, but amazing nonetheless. The songs were all generally long in duration and the tone was typically heavy. From Foreword to Waves they made a change. All of the songs on Waves were on average much shorter than the aforementioned releases, and took a step back in terms of how heavy they used to be. I still thoroughly enjoy Waves, and thought it worked well, but definitely missed the long epic songs. With their latest self titled LP, they take MANY steps back in terms of rocking the guitar, to make for a more subdued tone overall. Of the nine songs, only two were actually were more on the heavy side. Burn Pile, and Hudson. I didn't like Burn Pile at all, and Hudson to be okay. They both lacked the epic sound of the bands earlier work. The rest of the seven songs are pretty slow, putting more emphasis on the vocals instead. Of all the songs, I really only enjoyed Eastern Leaves. Even that was mainly due to the awesome, catchy end. The first half of it was pretty slow. Initially I listened to this album at the gym, expecting a rocking album to help me push through my workout. I will say if you were to purchase this album, temper your expectations for what they used to soundlike and you will get a pretty good album. I would just not recommend listening to it at the gym at all. I really feel bands feel obligated to drastically change over the course of time and I find that strange. Your early work is what captivated your fans, and then you change to such a tame sounded band? Please return to your roots Moving Mountains. -Loving fan
In an ironic twist, this album is the complete opposite of a "Sophomore Sellout" - instead of taking the sounds that worked well from their first album and going more in that direction, they decided to go in the complete opposite direction.The album is just a race to the finish.  Where the first album worked punches like a pro (switching from an fast-paced song to a ballad and back and forth), this album was just non-stop rabbit punches that simply didn't work all that well.  The band seems to have lost its soul with this album in some endeavor to prove their some hardcore alt band instead of a well-blended mix of hardcore and pop (which is what worked well in their first album).Simply put, I have listened to almost every song on their first album hundreds of times, I only found 2 songs on this album that I deem as listenable ... and even those won't hit the "100 play chart" on my playlist.I was hoping for songs that were more polished but in the vein of Unbreakable, Go With the Flow and Saying Goodbye but instead got a CD that is a constant barrage of Since She Says and Come Play!  The first album mixed those in nicely to create a good mix, but songs like Unbreakable were totally left out of this album.  Shame ... that's my favorite song of all time and I thought there was potential for more of that in this album.*Update*The album's only saving graces for me have been Happy Ending and How You Gonna Stop Us Now?  They've moved this up to a 2 star reviewAgain, very disappointed in the "Sophomore 'Trying to Prove We're Hardcore' Sellout"
I'm over 50, and my musical tastes formed in the 1970's and 1980's.  I grew up listening to America, Abba, The Beach Boys, Jackson Brown, Dan Fogelberg, Hall & Oates, Michael Jackson, Elton John,  Billy Joel, Carole King, Simon & Garfunkel, Steely Dan.  Even when these artists used electronic instruments, most of them tried to sound like the acoustic instruments they replaced.So, Vienna Teng's dive into electronica that deliberately sounds synthetic is off-putting to me, especially since I was a big fan of her old, acoustic sound.  The vocal harmonizer, which provides what Teng calls her "instant Vienna choir," sounds particularly creepy to me. In addition, I can make sense of lyrics on only two songs: the buoyant Level Up and the gentle but chilling The Hymn of Acxiom. The rest simply seems like an unrevised, poetic stream of consciousness.I even went to a live performance of Teng's recently to see if that would give me a better appreciation of her new sound, but I was similarly repelled by most of the music.So, while I wish Teng success with a new audience, I won't be listening to this or future similar albums.I respect the right of Teng to explore new sounds, but on a visceral level, it leaves me cold.
Jon Mclaughlin has always been a second-rate pop star, but one I've very much enjoyed listening to in the past.  "Industry" is a favorite song, and he can usually be found on my iPod when I'm not making room for John Meyer, Sara Bareilles (with whom he's collaborated very nicely) and other singer/songwriters I like just a little bit more.  That said, "Holding My Breath" is second-rate Jon McLaughlin, which makes for a very dull listening experience.  First of all, the album is far too ballad heavy, each one more ponderous than the next.  And what up-tempos there are just don't grab me much.  Ultimately, when I want my McLaughlin fix, the tracks on "Holding My Breath" aren't the ones to which I'll be gravitating.
I bought Winter Fields with the recommendation from a friend and found it not for my young adult taste. The lyrics are sophomoric; the melody is simple pop. My recommendation: stream the album for free (and legally) before purchasing to make sure Winter Fields fits your simple (or less aged) musical taste; however, I cannot see this selection appealing to a wide audience beyond 9-15 year olds.
London band Glassglue have existed since 2003, but only just now recorded their debut album, &#34;Fantods&#34;.  Their sound takes the angular rhythms and atonal riffs of Birthday Party-inspired math rock and mellows down the timbres, focusing on simmering electric piano tones, understated percussive funk guitar figures, and awkwardly crooned confessional lyrics.German born singer Marcel Stoetzler takes center stage, playing the shy, socially awkward overanalyzer of social interactions, with such blunt and overly worded lyrics &#34;I wish I had not missed the class in which they taught the making of flattering remarks&#34; (from the disgustingly cute &#34;My Last Parachute&#34;).  He engages in such embarrassingly naive cliches as &#34;I want to give you for a gift half of the love I have for you, so that each one of us was possessed by an equal measure of love.&#34;  Elsewhere he states, &#34;I don't even want to write this song / All I want is to look at your face.&#34;  These lyrics are transcribed word for word, and such wallowing self pitying excesses are found in most every track on the album.I'm not one to find such maudlin self-flagellation endearing, though I cannot deny Marcel's earnestness.  I would enjoy his performance a lot more if he didn't have such a whimper in every word he uttered, and focused a bit more on consistency of pitch.  His voice is mixed louder than the rest of the band, and he seems to greedily draw my attention to himself every moment the record is playing.  I tend to get more out of the songs with less of a lyrical focus or sentimental bent, as it allows my ears to hone in on the band's unique form of triplet heavy, arpeggiated dissonance.Fans of Slint, Deerhoof or classic fusion keyboardist like Chick Corea will not be disappointed by the decisively jerky groove and heady guitar and keyboard interplay on &#34;Fantods&#34;.  There's a lot of subtle gradations of emotion in the hazy, jazz inflected tonalities of this album, and as a result I find myself quite disappointed whenever I realize that Marcel is whining yet again about his lack of success in romantic relationships.  These compositions deserve less mundane and redundant subject matter.In conclusion, there's a lot of very written and played music on this album, but only a couple songs I can actually enjoy in their current form, something I find quite frustrating.  Singer Marcel Stoetzler is certainly not my cup of tea, and I find him utterly impossible to ignore or tune out.  As good as the other players in this band are, I doubt I could count myself a fan of this band unless they outright replaced him.
I havent bought it, but I listened to it on YouTube. I don't care much for it. It doesn't have the richness and lyric quality of Space 1; in fact, I felt like the lyrics were just written down in a hurry. The music also did not pull me in like his other albums have. Pluto is the only one I feel like I could purchase, beautiful lyrics. Jupiter is maybe just because of the music. Sorry, Im not trying to hate. Just warning you guys to listen to the songs on YouTube first. I might edit in a week or so once Ive had a chance to &#34;grow&#34; to the songs.
Bad choice.  Bought for my grandson, who wanted it.  Voice is ok, key sounds a little flat.  My mistake for not noticing the minor key.  Song was just as advertised.  Only a buck, so its ok.