I don't like all the songs but there few albums  recorded that I do like all . It's like pizza, you might like what I don't and vice versa. I think reviewing music is useless, it's to one's individual tastes, so don't go by this and buy what you think you'll like. This of course will be my last music review.
This wasn't as energetic or melodic as I was looking for. Nothing on the sampler really stood out for me (in a good or a bad way).  A few songs start to really jam out, while a couple are mellow ballads.  Most of the songs, however, seemed planted somewhere in the middle, and started to blur together. I'm sure if I listened to it enough times, I could start to find some real gems and favorites.
Due to the small number of tracks, a song-by-song review seems fitting for this album.Moon Like A Pearl: totally fun and catchy pop song, check it out in-full on Youtube.Obnoxious: the vocals and the instruments just don't quite line up on this song the way you want. I'll listen to this when I play the EP, but I'm always kind of relieved when it's over.Summer Before Spring: Happy-sounding shoegaze with heavy, high-pitched keyboards. Pretty good. Akin to the Nature Heart Software stuff.Deep Purple Girl: achieves what Obnoxious was going for. Interesting mesh of sounds and vocals. Probably the most shoegazey song on the EP. Similar to In Solarium.Swim In Eyes: BUY THIS SONG! The keyboard might get a little overzealous (as it often does in Pia Fraus stuff), but everything leads to a pleasantly rocking climax.Untitled: blank noise. do not purchase.Summer before spring remix: don't waste your money unless you're a completionist.4 good songs out of 7 total=not great numbers for [...], but if you only buy the first five tracks, it's definitely worth it. And if you want to exclude Obnoxious, you may be even more satisfied.
This is an OLDER (now de-funct) band called "White Lies'More about them here [...]Dont confuse them with the current 80s tinged indie dance UK band.This EP is ok but it's a totally different band
If you happened to pick up his solo ep "blister and burned" i would probably skip this. those are the best songs. the others feel like filler.kinda sad to say, since i loved twothirtyeight...but everything chris has done after has been lacking the magic his old band had.
I found the music served its purpose as a motivator during my workouts. Good variety and the neccessary beats to drive through the workout.
Play the samples before purchasing the mp3 album.  As of today, the first half of the album is just flat wrong.  No idea what it is actually from, maybe the same album that matches the incorrect cover art?The album itself deserves 5 stars, nothing else quite like it.  This mp3 version deserves maybe 1, as it's... not the dang album.
I had a copy of the CD about 10 years ago (the image with him wearing the cowboy hat on the cover) and I loved it.  It was one of my most played albums at the time.  Well, many moves later I managed to misplace it...so imagine how happy I was to see the MP3 version here!  It was an instant buy.Here is where things get fuzzy for me.  Is this the original version of the album?  Because I really remember a different overall feel to the album.  If this is (at least a partial) remix, are the originals out there somewhere?It's worth having on my ipod either way, I just wish it was more like I remember it...
Decent effort from this band love the guitars rifts and the drums as well as the production on this album the only problem is the singing is just horrible don't know why but just horrible I mean I can stand bands such as BURZUM, DARKTHRONE, and MAYHEM but not this crap.all n all if you like Black Metal or Extreme Metal I would not recommend this to you
(Note: I gave this 3 stars because I feel neutral about this album. I neither like it nor dislike it).I don't own this album, but I listened to this entire album wondering why it didn't sound anything like the Marmalade from the 60s. And so I looked it up and found out it was a debut album by an indie group.For those who enjoy today's indie music, you may take a liking to this album, but for those of us who prefer oldies music, this may not be for us.
I really hope it's Amazon's fault, but "The Nurse Who Loved Me" and "A Stranger", although both beautifully done, are reversed in the track order.  If you're buying these tracks as singles, bear this in mind.  (If you are a part of Vitamin String Quartet, maybe you can take this disc down to fix the error and relist it... just a thought.)I was going to give this CD four stars over the first collection as being overall better arrangements and more carefully done (and less of the "pedal effects" that are not wanted on such music; If you can't do it live, it's got no business in a Quartet), but I have to be honest.
I have to agree with M - this is a rip.  I only want one song from this album, but I had to buy the whole thing to get it. (check the listing for the actual CD rather than the digital download version - you'll get a much better price, particularly if you buy a used one)I'm not paying four or five times as much for MP3 files when I can create all the MP3 files I want from the CD.
I love these bluegrass tribute albums and i love RHCP, but only about half of this album is memorable. The songs that are good are great.
Maybe not as Hooky as &#34;Silver Gleaming Death Machine&#34; was but still good. Just glad to have more material by them to absorb.
I am pretty picky when it comes to this type of music,. I enjoyed it, but not outstanding to me
I love Bloodshot records, and the Waco Brothers.  However, this album, taking songs from old time &#34;Hillbilly&#34; radio shows of the 30' and 40's, is a little weak on content.  Only &#34;Nine Pound Hammer&#34; by those Waco Brothers, and &#34;Bottom of the Glass&#34; from Whiskeytown are worth repeated listens.  Other songs are interesting, but not memorable.
I tried this album because according to absolutepunk.net, this is one of the greatest easycore albums of all time. I expected something similar to A Day to Remember or Chunk! No, Captain Chunk!, who are the epitome of easycore as I know it. I didn't realize the use of doublebass drumming and screaming twice on the entire album qualified as easycore. Lots of &#34;easy&#34;, not much &#34;core&#34; to speak of... I'd feel pretty comfortable calling this pop punk, respectively... not that there's anything wrong with that ;-). I do love me some pop punk, just saying absolutepunk is mislabeling the subgenre. If you expected something remotely heavy, this isn't it. However, I will probably revisit this album for some fun, singalong pop punk.
That one word tends to summarize the feeling I get when listening to this album. Elton certainly was searching for the right mix of popular trends of the day and traditional hit making formulas that served him well in the beginning.This album came at a very crucial time for Elton. He just bounced back with a solid offering with 1980's 21 @ 33 and it's huge hit "Little Jeannie". Fans like myself were very anxious to see what would come next. And while, I like a lot of this album, the parts are better than the whole.Actually, the first half (before the instrumental, which started side two on LP in the old days) comes right out of the gate surprising strong. And to this day, the first couple of songs hold up pretty well: the rocker "Breaking Down Barriers", the blues/rock "Heart In The Right Place", the pop fun of "Just Like Belgium" and the FM-rocker "Fascist Faces". The only notable exception is the Euro-disco "Nobody Wins"). But side two, while contains some down right gems, can't seem to hold the album together. After the lush orchestral "Carla/Etude" we get a syn-new age "Fanfare" which serves as a bridge to the bluesy and wonderful ballad "Chloe".At this point, the listener isn't sure whats going to happen - which can be a good thing but not from Elton John. Experimentation is not his strongest suit. The next three songs "Heels Of The Wind", "Elton's Song" and title track are very different from each other. "Heels" hints at a song much better to come, which was called "I'm Still Standing". "Elton's Song" is a tender and beautiful ballad that seems out of place, much like the songs story of a boy with a crush on another boy. And the title track ends on the album on a country/rock note which may be Bernie Taupin's finest bio of Elton written to date.One of the issues working against this release was David Geffen's rejection of six of the original songs submitted. Afterall, Geffen lured Elton to his then new record label and wanted to make sure he would get his return on investment. Hot producer of the moment Chris Thomas produced half of the album but showed no signs of his brillance on albums just released by The Pretenders or INXS. It would take awhile for Chris to find the right ingredients to bring out the energy in Elton's music.Don't get me wrong, "The Fox" has some excellent songs and is recommended. But it tries too hard and seems to beg for attention. If the second half of the album wasn't a disjointed, "The Fox" may have been the powerhouse it was trying to be.Best tracks: Breaking Down Barriers, Chloe, Elton's Song, The Fox.
With this album the first one on the Geffen label where he would release the next 6 albums actually. This one was pretty good, but it's disorganized. He starts out with a good rocker that sounds like it could very well had been released in the 70's with "Breaking Down The Barriers", but then there's the techno flavored "Nobody Wins", and then the hard rocker "Facist Faces", and the sound quality isn't too remarkable either. Still a decent outing, but it showed that he needed work to get to the status he enjoyed in the 70's. Let's face it starting over again at 34 probably wasn't the easiest thing for him to do, so give him credit it's not a bad album.
this is probably his most obscure album. Being poorly promoted and coming out at a low point in his career, The Fox was one of his lowest selling albums. However, it does have many good songs on it (most are leftovers  from the 21 at 33 sessions) and it is definatly a superior album compared  to the earlier 21 at 33.Although the songs are a little uneven due to three  different lyrisists and the production is very 80's outdated sounding, it  is still a fun record. I enjoy almost every song on this one, I only skip  over Heart in the Right Place. Breaking Down Barriers is one of my all time  EJ favs. Although casual EJ fans who are only familiar with his 70s heyday  hits would most likely be disappointed with this one, the rest of you won't  be. Buy this one when you get a chance
Without question, this uneven album shows further development of Elton John's new, more pop-oriented style, which would reach its height in his albums &quot;Jump Up&quot; and &quot;Tow Low For Zero&quot;. The title track, &quot;Heels of the Wind&quot;, &quot;Just Like Belgium&quot; and &quot;Breaking Down Barriers&quot; are among my favorites on this album; the others range from a proto-techno pop hit (&quot;Nobody Wins&quot;) to sentimental ballads (&quot;Chloe&quot;). Still, I would recommend it to diehard Elton John fans.
Seems obvious that Elton John didn't have a unified vision for his 1981 album The Fox, easily the most randomly assembled set of songs he's put into a record ever since his double LP Blue Moves. When you include an orchestral suite (Carla/Etude/Fanfare), a synthpop number (Nobody Wins), a blues song (Heart In The Right Place), a ballad (Elton's Song), mix it up among fast-paced, piano-based pop/rock numbers and switch production styles, lyricists and backing musicians like an on/off switch you're just bound to have uneven results and lack of focus. Having said that, the album does have strong stand-alone moments; Breaking Down Barriers, Heels Of The Wind, and the title track are worthwhile reformulations of the styles that Elton John has successfully touched upon before, but midst the chaotic randomness of the album as a whole, it seems whatever good qualities each individual song possess is ultimately overshadowed by lackluster production, execution, or organization.
I'd consider &quot;The Fox&quot; and &quot;21 and 33&quot;  as being the two biggest departures from what would be considered your typical Elton John spin.  A lot of outside influences probably was the main cause.  Three  different lyricists, a backing choir and string arrangements add up to make  this a kinda weird one.  I'm not overly enthused about any one particular  song, and most of the music, arrangements and lyrics make for an overall  who-cares effect save for the instumental &quot;Carla/Etude/Fanfare.&quot;  Elton's piano playing is mostly light and bouncy (ala Caribou) rather than  forceful and moody (Blue Moves) which is not necessarily a bad attribute.
In 1981, Elton was coming off a 3 year period of releasing bland, rather unimaginative music.  The previous year's &quot;21 at 33&quot; showed a couple of signs of resurgence, but generally stalled.  &quot;The Fox&quot; signified Elton's overall strongest work since the double-lp &quot;Blue Moves&quot; in '76.  He was still collaborating with a mish-mash of song writers here, including Bernie Taupin who contributed to the strongest songs.  For some reason, I find &quot;The Fox&quot; to be one of Elton's most intriguing releases, if far from his overall best.  It shows a kind of transition from the awkward writing of &quot;21 at 33&quot; to the assured pop smarts of &quot;Jump Up!&quot;  Some of my personal faves would be &quot;Fascist Faces&quot; with it's forceful beat and turned up guitar solos and includes a full backing choir featuring Rev. James Cleveland, the gorgeous instrumental &quot;Carla/Etude/Fanfare,&quot; and the trademark Eltonian ballad &quot;Chloe.&quot;  Still, not everything works on &quot;The Fox,&quot; including the empty yet fun sounding &quot;Nobody Wins&quot; (not written by Elton) and the rather clunky title track.  But, for the most part, &quot;The Fox&quot; displays some pleasing signs from the legend and offers musical proof that he's getting back on track again.
From the OBJECTIVE reviewer...although this is an electronic sounding album, the songs are strong enough to carry it. "Chloe" "Heart In the Right Place" and "The Fox" are standout tracks and there really isn't a song worth skipping. It would have been nice to hear this without the electronic sound and probably could have been better without it.
Here are the track listings with remixers:1. Time Won't Let Me Go (Ultradonkey Remix Edit)2. Time Won't Let Me Go (Tall Paul Remix Edit)3. Time Won't Let Me Go (Van She Tech Remix)4. Time Won't Let Me Go (Ultradonkey Remix)5. Time Won't Let Me Go (Tall Paul Remix)
Yes the ideas are good, but where's Juans singing? That guy can wail! So far I haven't heard the intense drive that I heard in Id, Ego, and Superego. Music is good, just sounds incomplete.
First the Good...Now I'm biased because I sang in the recording session. BUT!!! cmon this is Detroit Gosepl at it's best. Brian Watkins, Tony Lucas, Larry Tucker, And of course Volley! Victor and Derek directing!!! This was done in the heyday of about 9 choirs releasing albums left and right from the local area. Wanda is at her best hitting impossible notes and preaching all over the place. Oh yeah it was like 90 million degrees in Peters Rock that whole day!! If you have never heard this woman sing live?...find a way to see her, rather she's in Atlanta or Detroit! This Recording was CRAZYYYYYYYYYY!!!!!....... 5 stars!! Now the bad, the label Sound Of Gospel has no buisness releasing albums like this. you know, that havent been properly mixed or overdubbed. I cant blame them altogether because Donald Vails and Thomas Whitfield as well as Derek Milan and several others have done a great job with the post recording side of the music buisness on the same label. HOWEVER! If Wanda is happy with this muffled and bootleg sound?, who am I to question it. 1 star!!Overall  I give it 4 stars. Lots of energy is transferred to the listner, just not the enormity of the amount of talent that was amassed to  create it. Too bad This album should have been a Detroit Classic.
This a good starter album, but I would say visiter is there opus. This album is the sound of a band trying to find themselves. good but not great. Oh and if anybody has a problem with my review, please talk about the review and not my grammatical errors.
Don't get me wrong, a good solid "rarities" package but with many songs available elsewhere (some are only on this set though). A nice one to hear once and a while if you want to a different Talking Heads type album. If your looking for a album of solid tracks, then check out a regular release, but if looking for odd ball tracks, then check this one out. Favorite track on it, "These Boots Are Made For Walking" because it is pretty funny to hear it and kinda changes the albums mood.Drop by my website sometime "Judemac Forever", Google it.
Like many debut albums, this shows a band that was trying hard to come up with a unique identifiable style that would make them stand out from the crowd. The results are a variation of different styles that lack focus. Roddy Franz's frantic vocals (sometimes with a faux-British accent) and good production are the only trademarks between them all.It starts off with "Subways". This is a lushly-produced song very similar to Ultravox's "Can't Stay Long". Both have a simple bass rhythm, swirls of distant guitars and synthesizers, and first-person observations while being in motion. The slower "Next Question" repeats this style with almost as much success. What defines this style to me is the seamless fusion of synthesizers and guitars. Instead of having the synths and guitars stick out of the mix which was the fashion at the time, they're subtle and layered together creating a powerful sound. The Cars and other synth bands would soon adopt this sound.Unfortunately this style isn't apparent in many other songs. They take influences from Talking Heads, the Cars and other high-energy New Wave bands of the era. There are some standouts. The creepy echoy "Luca Brasi" starts like a Joy Division song but sudden tempo changes make it unlike any song I've heard. This was definitely a band that could come up with unusual ideas. "The Only One of You" is a good song that would have benefited from the lusher "Subways" production but ends up sounding like a single guitar song with a synth fading in and out.The remaining stronger songs like "Tina Grey", "Good Life" are fine by themselves but do nothing to define the band's style or where they belong in the history of New Wave music. The production is still excellent but the arrangements are simpler, conventional and lacking catchy hooks. The weaker songs like "Ring Ring (My Telephone's Talking)" and "The Angry Young Men" sound a little too desperate and predictable for me to think they were anything more than mediocre New Wave songs being carried by pure energy and good musicianship.
The CD that came to me did not have the same cover as the one shown.  This makes me question whether or not I got the correct music.  The one I ordered said &#34;The platinum and gold collection&#34; and the one that I received said &#34;the very best of&#34; the Delfonics. I went back to the website to compare the songs and none were listed.  My error for presuming that a &#34;Platinum and Gold&#34; collection of songs would have all of my favs. I thought it was a safe bet.  It was a &#34;P;atinum and Gold Collection&#34; :)I bought this for my music loving hubby as a stocking stuffer for Christmas.  Now the dilemma is to find something else or just keep it.  Warning, if you cant see the songs listed do not purchase.  The Delfonics are great anyway but I should have made my purchase based on the songs listed and the reviews. Not sure I will keep it.
Sixties revivalists had high hopes for this one. Joel Gion, then and now tambourinist (I s*** you not) for The Brian Jonestown Massacre, was portrayed in the film DIG! as one of those classic people who is so cartoonly silly that he must be hiding more pain than you could possibly imagine. Whether he's playing onstage looking slightly bemused yet unaware (or just not caring) that the band is imploding around him, or practically screaming for attention by pouring liquid dish detergent down the back of his pants in someone's kitchen, I had a feeling that with his own band he'd be a real wild card, but it turns out that 'wild' isn't the word. Let's go with 'sad'.The band around him has real potential. Guitarists/vocalists Jefferson Parker and Brock Galland have the Byrds thing down pat, with reverb and tremolo in full effect, complementing each other quite nicely and adding a real tunefulness on the songs that one or the other sing lead on. The rhythm section of bassist Nick Marcantonio and drummer KC Kozak is right on (Kozak in particular adds much propulsion without overpowering the proceedings. This is a pop record, with pop galore. Songs like "Ready To Go" and "Subterranean Bazaar" are practically slamming, while elsewhere the ballads turn up the majesty without getting too pretentious.And then there's Gion. While the timbre of his voice is perfect for the sound, low and rich, someone needs to have the guts to tell him that he couldn't carry a tune if his life depended on it. While some critics have written it off as a "Lou Reed type of delivery", this doesn't fly - Lou Reed pretty much talks it like he wants, but it's obvious that Gion is trying to hit the notes but can't quite do it. In some cases he's so far off that you wonder how much he had to pay the others to play with him, and how he could possibly have that much money. It's painful to hear, and obvious. Someone needs to step up and tell him to keep the mic off if the next album (if there is one) is to be noted as more than a novelty record from that crazy guy.It all isn't at Gion's feet. A couple of songs go on way too long, and it doesn't help that one of the album's otherwise most driving numbers, "The Whole World", starts out with a Snoopy-dance of a "bop bop" singsong that sounds like it was lifted from a Banana Splits record. But Gion must bear the lion's share of the blame, because more often than not he's the only weak link in the bunch. And it doesn't matter which link is weak, we know what it does to the entire chain. Unless they're willing to tell him goodbye, the band had better hire a team of Auto-Tune gurus to follow Joel Gion around, or, despite the obvious talent and overall charm, these guys don't stand a chance. And most of them deserve one.
Okay straight off the production is low, so don't worry it's not your system. Sounds like someone recorded an album at full blast onto a camera, turned down the volume and sent you the aftermath. Moving on, this is a fun split album.Alternative rock guitar blazes, warm fuzzes, twangy sharps, pop punk bass. Both artist retain a natural life quality to them, which works wonders on low budgets. Errortype 11 genuinly sound like they are having a good time, cutting in some electronic blips on the end of "I Got You". They seem confident, and musically it shows.Gamerface at first seemed not to do much for me, on my third listen they really started growing on me. They seem much more concentrated, "How Far is Goodbye" really blooms, goes a little off course, and comes back with the oomph needed to make a complete circle. The vocals remind me of some of the rougher Gerard Way (My Chemical Romance) vocals, back in the groups early days. Next track the vocals morph into pop punk squint. So there is some versatility here, the guitars do the two chord hops, and proceed to the glazing power chords. Heck Gamerface even covers Tom Petty on track three!I really came into this review expecting to give more praise to Errortype 11, but Gamerface seems to be the better of the two (in my opinion). The split is terrific. I own the vinyl copy, it is on a 10" record, orange vinyl, and has one insert (small rectangular one).-by the way- Gamerface have one pretty funny speech nearing the end about a party, great stuff.Three tracks per artist, two great groups (one more promising then the other), fair enough 3/5.
Honestly like the weird extreme trippy (ie Locust Abortion Tech) BS than this mail it in garage pop but hey some neat covers including 52 girls by the B52s !!  The latter seem to be mostly remembered for for their lite and silly hits like love shack but their YELLOW ALBUM was amazing.  A great mix of Captain Beefheart an tacky pop.The Problem do a decent job of covering it or maybe i should say paying homage to it.
I thought I would like this album based on the song samples, but I'm not loving it when I hear the whole songs. Seems like one of the singers is sometimes slightly off key.
As a person who has been writing electronica for about twelve years now I believe I may have a somewhat unique perspective on this record. No, it's not Spiral, or Hate Machine, or Broken, and Year Zero sounded not so great so I didn't buy that one either. This record is good for ten/five bucks; it's a lot of music but this is a case of quantity over quality. So on to my overall take.When you write electronic music, you have to create what are called "patterns", sequences of anywhere from 4 to 32 bars that repeat which play the same "line", (collection of notes, scales, chords, a melody in other words). Sometimes when you sit down to write it all flows and an entire song grows out of the process-it creates itself.On the other hand........sometimes you get three or four "parts" that sound good but the rest of the song refuses to complete itself. You find yourself with 2-3 minutes of really interesting music.....and no additional transition or new part to flesh it out. I have done (written and recorded) collections similar to this one.....and I can tell you (in my opinion) this sounds like Reznor sat down with a few friends and "notebooked" a bunch of musical ideas. Some of them are full-fledged songs (the ones over 2-3 minutes in length) and have somewhat of a structure. These songs (and a lot of them are mainly piano) are extremely good! Others (many others, most of the songs actually) sound like songs that refused to complete themselves-parts or patterns that are only portions of what we would expect a full song to sound like. What is usually done is that you take the best ideas and put them together into some songs and you trashcan the "remnant portions". In this case Reznor recorded and published the parts you would usually trashcan alongside the fully completed songs.What do I think of the record? I applaud Reznor for coming up with something that is different than normal, and I think the "throw in the kitchen sink" approach - releasing a whole record full of "ideas", some fully realized, others not - is a good idea. Aphex Twin did something similar to this with his "26 Mixes for Druqcks" 2 Disc set.If this record was priced at the normal 20 bucks for a 2 cd set I would have a much harsher view of it, but since he released it at a roughly ten dollar across the board price, it's probably worth the ten bucks you'll pay for it. A number of other electronic artists that came before (and undoubtedly influenced) Reznor, like Jean-Michel Jarre and the other ambient originators, are represented here; in a way Reznor is continuing an electronic tradition of releasing "ambient" records.There is only one problem with ambient music.....if you are not careful it is easy to create what I call "preset" ambient. Any piece of electronic music gear (keyboard, sequencer, etc) comes with built in sounds called "presets". Usually a lot of them are weird noises, crashes, sound effects, (can you see where I am going with this?) There are WAY TOO MANY songs on here that are just one repeating pattern (the same pattern for 2, 3 minutes) with random sound effects thrown in. Reznor also has the problem (or at least I dislike it) that he is addicted to throwing in huge pulses of distortion and discordant noises at random points during any of the songs. There is a history of this in ambient music, (what is called "Noise" music, such as Merzbow) but I can't stand it. Maybe he was trying to add some noise sensibility in. I know that he did this same thing on "Fragile" and I didn't like it there either, but I know a lot of people did so hey, whatever you're into.These songs, particularly the songs with the overloading bursts of distortion and the ones with one pattern repeating over and over for 2/3 minutes while the sound effects change....I respect Trent Reznor a lot. But in brutal honesty those particular songs sound like a person who managed to tinkle out one neat sounding piano line the first time they started up ProTools or Cakewalk and then dumped a bunch of noise pollution on top of it since they couldn't come up with anything else. Coming from someone else I would write the artist off, but coming from Reznor, since I know he is very talented at composition, it's very disappointing. There is also on this record a distressing tendency for Reznor to play out of key-badly. Yes, I know what dissonance is. And it doesn't work this time around.Overall it was worth ten bucks; as I write this I'm loading the songs I'll actually be listening to onto my computer. Out of the 36 tracks on the record I bothered to load 12 of them onto my computer. The rest (no offense intended Trent) are really.....in my opinion they're really just kind of noise garbage. Coming from someone as talented as Reznor, who has the capability to write full length and very intricate orchestral music, 24 of these 36 are honestly just not the quality of work and composition I expect from someone of Reznor's talent. If the cd had consisted only of those twelve songs I probably would've given it a 4.5 instead of a 3.On the other hand, if I'd written handfuls of records that have sold millions for the last twenty years, who knows what I would have released? I can only judge from the listener's seat.
If you want hear NIN's new sung album, The Slip, download for free at their [..]  The Slip includes the new hit single "Discipline".  Ghosts I-IV is all instrumental, so its quite different from other NIN albums.
The revitalization of Nine Inch Nails might be the coolest story in popular music this decade. Eighteen whole years after Trent Reznor's first album made him an idol of alienated teenagers throughout the land, he mounted a powerful comeback with Year Zero. The teenage angst was replaced by ominous prophecies of doom, and the soundtrack was a combination of harsh digital noise with some of Reznor's most accessible songwriting, with a modern electronic production.After that, Trent regained his confidence. Instead of disappearing for five years, as he had done before, he took only a year to release Ghosts I-IV, an entirely instrumental double album that greatly recalls Aphex Twin's 1994 exercise in minimalism, Selected Ambient Works Vol. 2. Even the presentation is similar -- two discs of untitled tracks, each represented only by a photograph. Except Trent does it better. Many of the photographs (not included in the CD package, unfortunately, but you can download them for free from NIN's website) are beautiful. The muted shots of sky and water fit the mood of the soft tracks very well.More than that, Ghosts I-IV is generally more enjoyable than Aphex Twin's opus. Even the less memorable tracks are, at least, listenable, and most of them are fairly short, so even if your attention starts flagging here and there, at least the record still moves between tones fairly briskly. Whereas Aphex Twin's record had a lot of really beautiful pieces, but also a lot of blatant listener abuse. (2:11, anyone?) This record is not like that. There are loud and cacophonous parts, but they are tame by NIN standards, they tend to be brief, and Reznor's pop sensibility keeps any one sound from overstaying its welcome.However, as with most double albums released by popular musicians, the length is an obstacle. The thing is, all four volumes of Ghosts are fairly similar. Each volume has a couple soft piano bits, a bit of grinding guitar, some weird ambient noise, and so on. It makes it seem like the record is less varied than it really is. Different parts of the record offer different variations on certain basic ideas and tones, but if you listen to the whole thing in one go, it does call attention to Reznor's reuse of those tones. It is better to listen to each volume separately, as many reviewers have recommended. Within each volume, the tones tend to cycle, from loud to soft to in between, so it doesn't feel like any one component is dominant.Also, in my view, the sludgy guitar tracks (I-8, II-10, III-23, IV-29) tend to be unremarkable. Reznor was never much for solos. With the exception of III-27, the most "solo-like" track, the guitar mostly just grinds out basic rhythms. In an instrumental album, without Reznor's newly powerful voice (and Year Zero featured his best vocals to date), this just isn't very interesting.But fortunately, Reznor does much better with other tones. Ghosts features his best, most elegant piano compositions (I-1, II-13, III-22, IV-36). In I-1, the opening track, the piano is joined by a very soft, eerie synthesizer melody that really sets the "ghostly," slightly uneasy dreamlike mood suggested by the album title. In II-12, there is an effective switch from a similar piano melody to a strident mid-tempo rhythm played with increasingly loud feedback, an example of a Ghosts track with internal development.A couple of songs complete the Aphex Twin connection. The queasy echoing sound in II-15 is very Aphex-like, and not too different from, say, 1:2 on Selected Ambient Works Vol. 2. Interestingly, the drums in this track and many others have a kind of rough "organic" sound (as opposed to, say, the very mechanical electronic sound of Year Zero). Then, II-17 uses a very Aphex-like echoing production for a simple guitar rhythm, and III-25 rounds things off with a "bubbling" mixture of odd ambient noises. Though, granted, queasy ambience has always appeared in Trent's music, for instance in "The Downward Spiral."Occasionally there are tracks that don't quite fit into any of the main templates, like II-14, which is based on a shrill, vaguely martial faux-Eastern riff, or III-24, the most "techno-like" song, which brings in danceable beats and electronic bass in addition to the sludgy guitar. A couple of times, Reznor channels his inner Peter Hook and produces some satisfyingly deep bass riffs (I-5, II-18). Especially notable is the interplay between the bass and keyboards in II-18. In III-22, another introspective piano lead is off-set by the effective contrast of crashing drums and a jangly guitar counter-melody.If I had to choose, I'd say that the second volume of Ghosts is the best and most varied overall, but the single best track on the album is IV-28. There is first a long stretch of tentative guitar strumming, which gradually mounts into a steady, rhythmic build-up, softened by gentle production. A similar technique is used in IV-34, with a piano break. If Aphex Twin were to release such a thing now, it would be hailed as a breath-taking return to form.It doesn't make a lot of sense to rate this album on a five-point scale, since you can find tracks on it to fit any rating. The sheer volume of material means that you'll find stuff you enjoy and stuff you don't, and the very loose concept makes it a bit hard to tie all the tracks together and listen to the album as a coherent whole. But it is definitely very different from anything Nine Inch Nails have done before, and it firmly identifies Reznor as a singular musical voice, which perhaps we knew all along. "Industrial music," if that label still applies to NIN, has never had its boundaries pushed as far as on this album.
Last year, Nine Inch Nails bounced back from the artistic decay that was "With Teeth" with "Year Zero", a record that I believe to be Nine Inch Nails' artistic high point, a dense but never fractured album that featured some of his highest production and some of his sharpest songwritting.Now, only a year later, Nine Inch Nails and their leader Trent Reznor, who for all intents and purposes is Nine Inch Nails, have returned with the nearly two hour "Ghosts I-IV", a set of atmospheric instrumentals.Now, if you would have told me even two years ago that the words "prolific" and "Trent Reznor" would ever, EVER be mentioned in the same sentence I would have laughed at you. But apparently after getting sober and getting the awfulness of "With Teeth" out of his system the man is just that. A total of thirty six tracks, "Ghosts" is as sprawling in ambition as "The Fragile", even without the accompaniment of vocals.In fact, this new, quicker working version of Trent Reznor works much better for the music than the one who would spend a good half a decade pain stakingly going over every note. Like "Year Zero" last year, there is an immediacy to "Ghosts" that previous NIN records lacked. Though the record is dense and layered, it is never overblown with needless tinkering and a million small little pops and bells and whistles that can be found on earlier NIN products.It's also nice to see Reznor in a true collaborative spirit, as "Ghosts" is co-written by Atticus Ross and Alessandro Cortino, NIN's current keyboard player. The difference in perspective helps give this record a feel different of any previous Nails album.And let's all be honest with each other: the weakest point to any Nine Inch Nails record has always been the lyrical skills of Reznor. Usually clumsy, occasionally inane, Reznor lets the music do the talking for him this time, which is a nice plus.So why only three stars for this record? Well, because at times "Ghosts" feels like a collection of ideas rather than songs. Though there is nothing awful on this record, there is also very little that is extraordinary, and it is too long for it's own good. The mood swings of the record are all complimented well, but too many song build and build and build and just stop, rather than fully taking off and entering someplace different and more interesting.In fact, the best place to listen to "Ghosts" is probably in your car, late at night, driving home, where it can sink into your head but you're never really paying close attention to it.But "Ghosts" is worth the purchase for sure. It's price, and the quality of good, if rarely great, music, and the fact that after almost twenty years Trent Reznor actually sounds like he's enjoying the process of making music.Hopefully this is a series that he will continue to work on for many years to come.
In theory, I love the idea of an all instrumental Nine Inch Nails album.  Trent Reznor's tortured and perpetually adolescent lyrics don't have the same effect on me that they had when when I was 13 or 14.  They used to scare the crap out of me, but now they seem more childish every day.However, Reznor always makes fascinating musical backdrops.  Reznor's music is challenging and accesible at the same time.  I love his layered and meticulous production.  The music on Ghosts I-IV is almost like a sampler of the various musical styles that he's been through.  You have songs that sound like The Fragile, songs that sound like Year Zero, and songs that sound like With Teeth.  It all features Reznor's typical deft production, except it has more of an ambient slant.So Ghosts I-IV is Reznor's version of Music for Airports.  Having listened to this album closely as well as using it as background music while i'm working, i've got to say it functions better as background music.  Just like Music for Airports is suspose to be the musical equivilent of art hanging on the wall, Ghosts I-IV functions in much the same way.  I wish a close listen was more rewarding, but Ghosts just doesn't bear out close examination.I have to comment on the distribution, which takes the In Rainbows model to the next step.  Instead of paying what you want and getting some low quality MP3s, Ghosts is avaliable at different price levels and the MP3 quality is much better.  You can also get it lossless format.  This is the future of musical distribution.After getting sober, Reznor has either rediscovered his ambition or is bored as hell, because this is his second album in as many years, opposed to twice a decade releases fans have had to endure in the past.  The packaging on the deluxe editions is quite lovely, and the slide show and booklet that come with the download are interesting, especially if you're a fan of musical gear.Ghosts I-IV will definitely please fans of Nine Inch Nails but isn't going to win over any new converts.  It's an interesting experiment, both musically and in marketing.
First and foremost I am a huge NIN fan and rarely find anything unfavorable to say about Trent's work. But, I have to tell you I am very disappointed in this album. I've been wanting Reznor to do an album like this for a very long time and when he finally does he fails to deliver. Don't get me wrong all the tracks are good in their own right, but most tracks don't even reach the 3 minute mark. So when I find myself starting to get into a track it ends like 10 seconds later and leaves you hanging. Leaves little to be desired in my opinion. I love the concept behind the album, but should have had a shorter track list with more substance ala "Leaving Hope" from the "Still" album. Trent is a master at telling a story not only with his lyrics but his music as well and I simply don't get that with this album, it's like it cuts you off right before the plot hits.
This is an excellent release for trent's first release on his own private label. I enjoyed it quite a bit, the unfortunate bit of it was that it didn't include anything but music, which i understand is for trents newest fad of wanting remixes made of his music (see year zero remixed). I enjoy the industrial noise, but i wish it had had lyrics.
For those looking for the standard Nine Inch Nails album, DO NOT come here, this album is completely instrumental, but while instrumental, Trent did not disappoint and the music is beautiful and is a very good listen.
...Which is my only complaint with this record. I pre-ordered the whole thing over a month ago and got the free download. After a month of digesting, I must say that this really is not as musically redeeming as other NIN albums, and thats not because of the lack of vocals. I've always loved NIN since the Broken days and I think every album up to this one was great in its own way. To me, each track on Ghosts seems like an incomplete musical idea. As soon as one track starts to build and get interesting, it ends. Other tracks are just looped sound effects with no real variation. More than anything, this album is a fantastic showcase of electronic sound effects. I think its really cool the types of sounds Trent has made with his electronical synths and moogs, and other various toys. Ghosts really shows you what you are capable of doing with todays modern electronic musical equipment. Sadly, as a NIN album it failed to hold my attention, even as background music. I think if Trent were to take the strongest tracks here and have them fully realized into songs, then it would really feel like a new NIN album. This is an experimental effort only. But a cool one. Needless to say, I don't think its worth the $300 dollars (now $600 on ebay) for the special Ed with the Vinyl records. Bottom line, definitely get this if you are a NIN fan at all because it is a fun listen and there are cool sounds on here. Just beware, as the songs don't tend to go anywhere. Have fun.
Ghosts is a 2 disc CD containing 4 sets (Ghosts I-IV) of 9 tracks. This is very easy to listen to and is the type of background sound you can toss on to work, read a book, meditate, etc. It's a fully lyric-less experience built in an industrial sounding environment.There are a few reasons I don't like this album. One is that there isn't much difference throughout the tracks on the CD. Another is that it has little or no music. It's full of, what I would call, sound effects drawn from cling/clang pots and pans with occasional decent piano mixed in. I was hoping for something more like the instrumentals from The Fragile but, those are songs where I couldn't say that there is one song on this album. On closer listens you will not anything more interesting in the tracks on this CD. Read some of the other reviews with negative points discussed, I'm sure I would conclude finding the same thing.Instead of taking up more of your time I'll wrap this up. This is not the Nine Inch Nails CD you're looking for. Face it, you are looking for something more like the greats (Pretty Hate Machine, Broken, The Downward Spiral, The Fragile). With Teeth and Year Zero are both much better music CDs then this. I like a lot of CDs that have no lyrics to them and contain instrumental music. I just don't know how to explain it other then that there's no instrumental *music* on this album.If you're a hardcore NiN fan will you like and appreciate this? Yes, I would definately say that you will find enjoyment in this experience if you're looking for it. But, to me, this is not what NiN sounds like even in its instrumental stages. The only thing I find NiN about this album is the artists name.
This music is really intriguing and easily worth $5.  I really love instrumental stuff for studying (I'm in college) and this is really laid back stuff for the most part.  All great music just to study to or think to, great background music if you are in a reflecting mood.
this album makes for excellent background music, but fails to be interesting enough to warrant attentive listening
It's okay, good sound design type stuff, but it's more of like a big improv jam which is cool from a listening standpoint, but not from a fan who just wants the NIN crew to write some songs with lyrics as well. If this album has lyrics mixed with instrumental I would like it better maybe. I should probably give this another chance at some point.
At first i thought this album was alright......Then i listened to it a few more times and thats where it falls apart...Music doesn't need words at all..If it did then classical music/jazz/electro beats would've died as soon as they came too...  But, as one listens to this you find that it's got nothing to grab you and move your imagination...  Listen to "kind of blue" by miles davis and you start to drift and make your own stories listen to certain mice parade lp's you dream of south america ect.....Listen to this album you feel nothing...It really has no flow to create what makes music a great  story of dreams/ideas ect... this is just what the modern background noise today is.....just background noise.  Ok if you're plugging away on the web or some other mindless task but, if you're in the mood for a mood it doesn't deliver any emotions.  It dosen't resonate happiness/sadness/movement.....Think to why one listens to music and what you like and you'll find this album doesn't bring forth any emotions hence it's souless and bland over all.... A nice try by Trent but, why didn't he really try on this lp?  He left major labels just so he could produce this?  All else fails should've just done some cheap hash of all his past albums with no lyrics and that'd of been at least  some attmpt to some sort of emotions and flow...... Think of pretty hate or downward or fragile with no lyrics it'd still have told the story of trents pains and ups in life....this tells nothing cept trent felt the need for  background noise while he does trivial tasks in life...
The downward spiral away from music with any semblance of song structure continues. The God of Anger Pop, who once created the singularly perfect musical moment that was Pretty Hate Machine, must have reached his seventh day of creation: for he is clearly resting on Ghosts. This is Reznor on a lazy day, bored with nothing better to do.Ghosts I-IV is an organized chaos of happy (and angry and sad) accidents. I imagine a herd (or pod?) of Macs and samplers, pots and pans; left to their own devices, could produce something akin to Ghosts if they tried real hard. And I suspect Trent made exactly what he intended to make.I admit that I'm still a pathetic hold-out waiting for Pretty Hate Machine II - The Revenge. Thus, nothing less will ever truly satisfy. Ghosts is neither fixed nor broken. It's really not that bad, but it's just not that good. And for a small fistful of dollars, I shouldn't complain.I certainly like the progressive and revolutionary distribution (a la Radiohead's Rainbows) where the evil middle-man record company is kept out of the artist's and fans' relationship. I have to give kudos to NIN for fighting the good fight. So at worst, Ghosts I-IV will take up some precious space on your iPod. At best, it's harmless background noise. NIN Ghosts is a little haunting but definitely not scary.
I didn't expect much, and so I guess it meets expectations.  For $5, it's good to have some music in the background for some tasks/projects.
It's as simple as this:This is collection of sounds.This is Nine Inch Nails without an image.This is Trent Reznor doning what he wants to do....And as with ALL Nine Inch Nails records, either you really like it or you don't.  In other words, either you get it, or you don't.At first listen, I didn't like this album very much at all.  But after a month of listening to it off and on, I have found things that I like about it (hence the 3-star rating I gave it).I'm not going to sit here and act like I'm a Rolling Stone or Spin journalist and write an in depth review of this album like everyone else does when writing a review for Nine Inch Nails -- comparing and contrasting every single NIN album to date, and how or why Trent's music is the way it is.  If those reviewers had any brains they would know that NIN has always changed their musical direction and Trent has pretty much done what-ever the hell he's wanted to do with his albums.  It just so happens that people like what he does, pin an image to him, and expect the same for every album.  Ghosts is an example of what he's always wanted to do sans a major lable - letting his creativity run wild.Bottom line:If you can enjoy music for creativity, this album is definitely up your alley.  If you've always liked Nine Inch Nails for the same reason, you might find yourself enjoying this album.  If you are none of the above, I'm sorry, but the odds are you aren't going to like this album.  You will probably consider it strange, weird, pointless and/or a big waste of time.  Ironically, the same can be said about ALL OF NINE INCH NAILS ALBUMS.Either you get it, or you don't.As for me, I'm a huge NIN fan and I believe that I will find myself liking this album more and more as time goes on.
Only if you want a bunch of vague background Reznor stuff should you buy this album.  It never attains the heights, or even the foothills, of some of Reznor's aggressive tunes elsewhere.  What it really sounds like is a very high quality album of &#34;Music for trick or treating.&#34;  Which is fine; just be forewarned before you get it: it's not going to be like the best NIN.
Having listened to "Ghosts I-IV" several times, I'm now left with the daunting task of trying to gauge my overall reaction, which I suppose could be summed up with two words: underwhelmed, perplexed.  I'm not quite ready to write Trent Reznor off as an artist just yet, but, on the horizon, I sense that day looming.  It's not there wasn't the potential for something good to have been created here, because, obviously, there was.  It's just that Mr. Reznor gives the impression that he simply couldn't be bothered.  What disturbs me most about this collection of starts and stops is that, during some of it, I found myself being eerily reminded of New Age music--you know, the stuff they have you listen to when you get a massage.  There's little doubt in my mind that a few of these "Ghosts", had they been fleshed out, would have made great songs.  And I give Trent credit for experimenting with his piano playing, even when it doesn't work particularly well.  "Ghosts I-IV" may end up haunting me--but for all the wrong reasons.  I'm hoping that it's a mere stepping stone to real acheivement, as opposed to a death knell.
I bought this out of curiosity and it's not that bad incomparison with most of the new records out their.but if your expecting another downward spiral forget it,those days are long gone.
If you're an Iris fan, you'll want this remix-album-plus.  If not, you'll probably want to start with one of their three solid studio albums.This is a perfectly respectable remix album (like Reconnect before it), with three new tracks that are neither better nor worse than what came before.  It's certainly worth what I spent.  In particular, as a Meshoholic, I'm glad to see the Mesh remix of "Lands of Fire," which even the synthpop experts at A Different Drum weren't able to help me locate when I inquired about it last year.Still...I hate to say it, but these guys seem to be in a bit of a rut.  In my review of their previous album, _Wrath_, I made a comparison to Everclear, and I'm going to have to reiterate that opinion here: both bands have approximately two songs, one of which is slightly faster than the other, and they keep re-releasing them with different titles (and varying amounts of guitar in Iris's case).Good band, Iris.  I keep hoping that someday they'll be great.
for whatever reason, this album is missing Puff The Magic Dragon (probably a copyright issue).  this would have influenced my purchasing decision if I had noticed it in advance.  other than that, the quality is good. what else can you say about an mp3?
If you listen to any two songs on here, listen to EYES WIDE OPEN and HOPE STREET. Both of these songs are gems and should get more attention.
When I found out Claude S. had released some music he recorded BEFORE Anything Box & their first real album, I thought OOOOH I have to get this!!!Nineteen is solely the work of Claude S. in what he estimates to have been 1987 or '88. The sound of this music is only a preview of what was soon to come for Anything Box. The music here is much darker and more mellow than Peace, and has much less instrumentation. It has the impression of a rough draft, or a demo tape. I still found it pleasing to listen to, esp. It's Your World, 1945, Fields of Regret, and A Wonderful Life. I know for sure that any major fan of the band will enjoy this treat of an mp3 album...
Spreading The Infectionwas a fairly solid album/collaboration between Prospero and a flotilla of industrial, electronic, and ambient artists, both genre-spanning and cohesive.  However, with this release, it seems like the magic has been somewhat lost.  The first four tracks -- the eponymous "elements" -- are OK, but fairly repetitive and often boring.  We then get one really solid new track, "Protection and Precaution," which is then followed by the abysmally bad "Discipline" and "Techno Zombies."  I've never heard any of Ayria's own music, but if "Discipline" is a representation of her vocal prowess, then I'll be sure to skip it.  The album rounds out with two more remixes of songs from "Spreading the Infection," both so-so, and one more new collaboration with It-Clings, a decent and long track that is mostly dark ambient.  Overall, this release is firmly in the "mediocre" category, but a few standout songs give it a push.  I'd give it 2.5 stars out of 5, but I decided it was closer to 3 than 2.
In the decade since the Cherry Poppin' Daddies' breakthrough compilation "Zoot Suit Riot," much as changed in the music landscape. The opportunities for success on a mass scale have further fragmented amidst the decline of commercial radio and the isolation tanks of iPods, and the chance of a left-field revival combining `40s swing and `60s ska is just that much more remote. Older and wiser, the Cherry Poppin' Daddies seem to realize that the opportunity for a commercial career revival is likewise slim and that like their earliest efforts, their best direction is to follow their musical muse. That thinking has lead them back to ska beats, but wedded more often to south-of-the-border flourishes than big band swing. Flamenco provides the heavily strummed guitars, handclaps and castanets of "Roseanne," and the flute-and-guitar of "Breathe" echoes Brazillian jazz of the 1960s. The album is neatly bookended by English and Spanish-language versions of "Bust Out" ("Arra'ncate"). The horn and rhythm sections still swing dancers around the floor, as on the manic ska "White Trash Toodle Oo" and the mid-tempo rockabilly "The Mongoose and the Snake," but it's no longer the band's only calling card. There are some new elements here, including the vocal harmonies that end "Blood Orange Sun," the cool organ of "Hammerblow," and the surprisingly straight rock of "Julie Grave." There are a few weak links stacked up at disc's end ("The Good Things" sounds like mediocre `70s soft-rock, and the vocal on "Wingtips" sounds like a rehearsal), but overall, fans will enjoy this new helping of the `Daddies ska-based eclecticism. 3-1/2 stars, if allowed fractional ratings. [2008 hyperbolium dot com]
Every bands' true colors are accurately portrayed through the live music medium. In this instance we have recorded what we feel is our best show to date.Recorded at lengendary club CBGB'S in 2004 this 2-pc. incarnation of WHITE STONE honestly displays the bands roots and influences,ranging from Heavy Rock to Jazz to the Blues.Probably best described as the garage version of The Who's,"LIVE AT LEEDS."One person summed it up as follows,"Mazzocco sounds like a drum-line and Cancassi's guitar feeds back louder than a complaint box. Controlled mayhem and fun for all. Cool live disc."If you dig raw,unrefined heavy guitar and drums,than this is a must have for you cd collection.Thanks for your support!-Marc C./White Stone
Are you open-minded?Do you wonder what the world would be like if the Hindenburg disaster wasn't blown out of proportion?Do you like movies like SKY CAPTAIN AND THE WORLD OF TOMORROW or games like BIOSHOCK?Was the airship your favorite method of transportation in the FINAL FANTASY series?Does the word STEAMPUNK ring a bell?If you answered yes to any of those questions above then you should seriously give this album a try. The music is very steampunk-influenced. For example, there are songs about airship pirates, dolls and crazy doctors.A few of my favorites . . .AIRSHIP PIRATE--The album gets off to a good start with this song about Airship Pirates that are (to paraphrase) more a danger to themselves than to others. Starts and ends with the buzzing sound of engines to put you in that flying mood. Has a very catchy chorus.THE EMPORER'S WIVES--Hmmmm, this one is hard to explain, but it creates a soft atmosphere. The lyrics are a bit hard to hear but tell an interesting story. Lots of drums and electronic sounds.SLEEP ISABELLA--My favorite track on the whole CD. Starts with a pleasing drum and string intro before going into male vocals with occasional female vocals in the background. Has loud and clear lullaby lyrics with a foot-tapping beat.SHE--Starts off very mysterious-sounding, like you're walking into a dusty attic that hasn't had a visitor for the past 100 years. Very good lyrics.THIS DARK AND TWISTY ROAD--The acoustic background on this song is really good. The song is slightly faster-paced and more upbeat than the songs before it. All of these tracks I've mentioned so far are really good to chill out to.So there are 5 out of 11 songs on this CD that I liked. Not all the songs are slow and dreamy, but those are the types of songs that attracted me the most. There are some tracks that rely more on the electronic/industrial sound.If you get a chance there are some awesome Youtube videos of this band playing live. They all dress up as if they were really airship pirates, too.The CD comes with a booklet, but no lyrics at all. It always disappoints me when a band has good lyrics but never bothers to put them in a booklet.While not the same type of music, you should definitely try the somewhat similar ROMANOVS who do a Neo-Victorian sort of music. In fact, if ABNEY PARK could somehow get Morgan Kibby to sing for them, I think the band would be the better for it.
Stumbled onto Abney Park via the iheartradio app in a station I made themed around Steam Powered Giraffe. The song that got me was Airship Pirate, the first track on this album, and it's a really great song. The opening instrumentals combined with the sound effects set the tone then the lyrics, especially the chorus, create an interesting story. Impressed, I purchased the digital version of this album. Unfortunately, in my opinion, the first track is the best and the rest of the album just doesn't live up to the initial standard. It's not terrible, I can sit through the album and some songs I enjoy, but it's average at best. Still, I like Abney Park enough that I will probably consider checking out their other albums in the future.
If you're a fan of Paper Route's "Absence" as I am (that is an easy 5 stars) and come to this disc secondarily I suppose you, like myself, might be somewhat disappointed.  This EP, which features the wonderful "Are We All Forgotten", is padded out with four other songs not found on "Absence".  Those songs are okay to good and give you a taste of what you will get on the full-length, but only a taste; the full-length is much better and sounds filled out and rounded by comparison.  I was torn betwen a 3 or 4 stars so I will note that I am giving this 3.5.
Back in the day, around 1985 or 86 I purchased this on vinyl. I still have it in storage.There was an influx of awesome quality bootlegs from Frank Zappa. It had to be an inside job. the art, the sound quality, everything was high standard for a boot.When Frank got wind of these bootlegs he took it upon himself to exact revenge on these perps, and released their copies of the work they stole from him in  the  first place. That's the beat the boots series.This recording of the original Mothers, although not high quality by todays standards, present one of the most original and talented bands of all time.A snapshot if you will of a moment that I would never be able to experience.Frank never would have released this himself, so the bootleggers actually performed a great service to us .In theory bootleggers are scum. making money from other people's work, but they release the stuff that the ultra fan wants. people who have already bought all the official releases want more. the egos of artists can't get past this.As a Grateful Dead fan I personally won't buy bootleg material(it's kind of an unwritten code. The Dead actually let people tape their shows, so to sell a bootleg was taboo.) only trade. But there is a definite need for this stuff.Anyway, I'll get off my soapbox.If You're a Zappa fan and especially a Mothers fan and want to hear some awesome early Mother's jamming, this is the  thing for you. And it's supported by the Zappa family trust.Now if they would only allow the downloading of Frank's official discography.... I have A lot of room on my ipod for that.Buy this ..you won't be sorry.
Elevator Dream is not the kind of album I would listen to very frequently, but when in the right mood, it's perfect. The whole album is very chill all the way through. For me, it's good music on a rainy night or when cleaning your room, or when you're feeling introspective. A comparison to Zero-7 is appropriate, or as others have stated, Radiohead when they were just starting to get "weird." "Pop Song" is, as the name implies, the pop song on the record. I heard that song first on the band's myspace page and loved it, but it's not an accurate reflection of the rest of the record. The album clocks in at over 54 minutes, which is a plus, as it seems all albums these days are doomed to wallow in the sub-40 minute range. All in all, this is an album I will listen to infrequently but will thoroughly enjoy when I do put it on.
Overall, this is a fairly interesting album. It's hard to describe the entire work without of course mentioning some other band. Others have compared it to early Radiohead or Snow Patrol. There are certainly some elements borrowed from other elements. The horns of Architecture in Helsinki, the piano work of Mum, the occasional build up and crescendo of the Arcade Fire. Unfortunately, in referencing so many others, the theme and individuality of this album get lost in the mix. While atmospheric, and certainly containing an appeal to the twee, the album does not quite reach it's full potential. All the elements are there for something amazing, but it just doesn't quite get there. Keep an eye on this band though, they will only improve with time.
It's been a long, grueling 4 year wait for the follow up to Wet From Birth, and well I must admit this record was nowhere near worth it. All the energy The Faint had on previous releases is pretty much nonexistent here. The tracks on this record  move slower and in the long run get boring. Some of the intro's to the song's show great potential like "Machine and the Ghost," which teases you with the same vibe that something off Danse Macabre would, but ultimately tanks the second the song kicks into full gear. "Mirror Error," is about the only song on this record that captures what the Faint are about, but even the worst song off Wet From Birth surpass that. Fans of The Faint I would recommend you pass. If your new to The Faint, I would start off with Blank Wave Arcade and Danse Macabre which are hands down, dance record masterpieces.
I own the rest of The Faint's releases, and I don't think this quite stacks up.  I agree with the reviewer who said that it is a letdown.  It just doesn't have the same whateveritis that grabs you from their other releases.  It's not a bad album by any means - still better than a lot of stuff out there - but it just doesn't live up to the expectations set by their previous work.
The Faint have released their first album in four years in true DIY fashion, recording, producing, and releasing it on their own label, blank.wav after leaving Saddle Creek. Fans will be happy to know that their sound hasn't changed all that much; there's still a heavy amount of vocoder, dark lyrics that fit the industrial moods and tones of their bleep-and-blip electronica, and more synths than you can shake a Depeche Mode record at.Unlike their previous three albums, Fasciinatiion doesn't really have any overarching theme, instead jumping around from childhood injuries to the price of fame to the problems of mixing religion with war. The Faint have always been at their best when their lyrics coincide with their music, and when it comes to their shadowy, instinctive brand of electronica, those themes have normally been primal and violent (see "Erection" or "Drop Kick The Punks" from Wet From Birth or anything from Danse Macabre). Although variety is to be commended, it's always been more about the feeling with the Faint than with the message.On some songs, however, the beats are sexy enough to keep the band afloat, as on opener "Get Seduced," which has some of the dirtiest synths of the year whirling around about the halfway mark, and the buzzing, throbbing guitar rhythms on the following "The Geeks Were Right." The best song of the bunch, however, is easily the unusually poppy "Psycho," a jumpy, surprisingly major-key apology with the catchiest chorus on the record.Like Wet From Birth, the Faint's previous effort, however, Fasciinatiion is more than a little uneven. "Fulcrum and Lever," the aforementioned song about an accident in singer Fink's childhood, is a story in the mold of "Desperate Guys" from Wet From Birth, but unlike that song's ADHD-violin/drum machine beat, the song trudges along on a mess of gnarled synths and buries Fink's voice in layers of reverb to the point where there is little difference between verse and chorus.On "Mirror Error," one of the record's more bouncier tracks, Fink sings, quite self-consciously, "I might distort myself a bit." Fink's voice is certainly more than a little distorted throughout the course of the record, and the worst songs are those that reduce his distinctive pipes to a robotic caricature like the above "Fulcrum and Lever" or the preachy, uninspired "A Battle Hymn for Children," which has one of the worst beats on the album.However, the Faint are still pros at crafting innovative electronica-rock that is more dance-y than most contemporaries. While some tracks might drop into boredom ("I Treat You Wrong") and others build up without really going anywhere ("Fish in a Womb"), the syncopated keyboards and the shouted chorus of "Machine in the Ghost" and the guitar crunch and speeded-up feedback of "Forever Growing Centipedes" are proof that, if everything else fails, the Faint can make a tidy sum moonlighting at a rave.
Fasciinatiion (2008, Blank. Wave) The Faint's sixth studio album. **1/2Glitch electronica is so often one of those rare and criminally underrated things; that is, of course, when it's done correctly. The Faint have opened up a barrage of problems on their latest LP, Fasciinatiion. One is that they don't really know what they want to do; all the songs are very glitch-heavy, with blips and bleeps like you wouldn't believe, but at the same time they introduce an electric guitar and hip-hop elements. Experimentation is great, but it doesn't go with anything they've put out here. Not only that, but the electronica beats they do have are far too harsh; the beeps are loud and obnoxious, trying to act as a facade of intricacy. It's too muddled and in the middle, for Fasciinatiion isn't soft like The Eraser or fluent like Sound of Silver, yet at the same time it holds itself back from being as violent as You Have No Idea What You're Getting Yourself Into. And at that point the album is drab, with Todd Fink's vocals being a poor version of Phil Collins. In fact, Fink is a major problem for the album, as his growling baritone and virtual nonexistant range make him boring to listen to. Had they a vocalist like Alexis Taylor, the album's strong points like "Get Seduced" and "Forever Growing Centipedes" would be a qualifying apology for the rest of it. But alas, even the better moments - "Forever Growing Centipedes especially, as grooves don't get much crunchier than that - are only slightly above mediocre. Not to mention that their lyrics are beyond ridiculous, and even though they develop an interesting dystopian theme, it's laughable when you listen closely to tracks like "A Battle Hymn For Children."
Ok...I'm a huge fan of "Fires of Life" by Cool Hand Luke, so it's hard for me to put just 3 stars, but here goes...In general, this band's lyrics are blatantly religious (not that there's anything wrong with that).  They draw their lyrical inspiration from faith and the Bible (even tying certain lyrics to specific verses).The instrumentals (1st & last tracks) are good...powerful and beautiful at the same time.Cast Your Bread: Amazing song, both lyrically and musicallyFailing in love: Pretty good, but the verses seem a bit of a stretch musically compared to their other stuff.Buy the Truth: Again a decent song...one lyric that's odd..."thrown out my life like the paper"The Mirror:  Another phenomenal song...Eye of the Storm: Honestly, my least favorite song.  Good message & music, but supposedly this doesn't come from any of the guys' personal experience, and it shows.  It's easy to say "God is good...even when little girls die" when you haven't experienced it.The City Prevails: Pretty good rocker for them...good songSpirit Sing: Again...a good, but not amazing songWondertour: Beautiful, sad, true...the video is a bit odd, but whatever.  the song is greatThe House: ok song that could be used as a praise song in most churches.  Not to be harsh, but that's not a compliment for these guys.  They might have been going after that, but there's a ton of bands out there making catchy praise music and normally Cool Hand Luke does music that's different, yet beautiful and praises God.  This is a Mercy Me song (just my opinion!)Incomprehensible Sleep: The singing in this song can put off the listener...odd tune, but good.
This CD is part of a series of stuio recordings for the CA based radio station KCRW. Most artists are unsigned and this is an interesting mix CD.There really is no track, that is standing out for me. You get everything from Rock to Electronic, but for me, it is not a CD that I would play over and over again. However, if you are interested in truly independent music, then you might want to check this one out.
SOUNDS ELECTIC is a series of compilation of songs recorded and performed live at Santa Monica's radio station KCRW. THE NEXT ONE is the latest compilation in the series. I decided to check out the compilation when I saw that there were songs by The Ting Tings and Bat for Lashes on it. THE NEXT ONE isn't too bad. I liked some of the songs but for the most part this isn't a series I could seriously get into because my taste in music is geared towards goth and industrial music. There were a handful of songs I enjoyed immmensely like The Swell Season's "Falling Slowly" and Architecture in Helsinki's "Heart it Races". I didn't care much for Stoney's "Until You Leave" or Seawolf's "You're a Wolf". I didn't like the vocals on either much. THE NEXT ONE isn't horrible but I can't say it is excellent. This series is definitely more for people who are into pretentious indie pop/rock.
This album really is an eclectic mix of music.I admit I'm not necessarily the core audience for KCRW.  I'm more mainstream alternative in my musical tastes.  However I recognized a couple of acts (Spoon, The Shins) that I do like and decided to give it a listen.It's hard to give such a diverse compilation an overall review without getting into detail about each song.  There is such a wide range of musical styles on one album.  I found The Shins tune did not disappoint me, although I didn't especially care for the Spoon song.A couple of acts I wasn't familiar with did impress me - Orange Lights and Goldspot.  In general the more "ethereal" sounding songs were pretty good, but I didn't care for the more quirky tunes like Fruit Machine or Heart It Races.This is an album that really feels geared toward a hardcore KCRW fan.  For me it was a mix of hits and misses.  Overall it was ok.  I would probably give it 3.5 stars if I could.  But in the end it closer to 3 stars than 4.
Upon getting Sounds Eclectic from Amazon, I really didn't know what to expect, save for the definition of the term eclectic:"To make up or combine elements from varied sources."I'll give my thoughts on each of the 12 songs below."Falling Slowly" by The Swell Season: In this duet, the male vocalist reminded me of Cat Stevens. The song combined a haunting piano melody with an acoustic guitar. This song is easy on the ears after a stressful day."Heart It Races" by Architecture in Helsinki: While the synthesizer & steelpan tune are fun to listen to, the lyrics sound like screeching. I would have liked this tune a bit more without the lyrics."Australia" by The Shins: I knew I had heard this song before, but it took me a while to remember - it was in the video gameProject Gotham Racing 4. This is a fun little tune which conjures up images of driving with the top down, even if you've never played the game before."Until You Leave" by Stoney: I didn't get much out of this song. Melancholic lyrics like "There's nothing to do, you either get pissed up or you move" make this little more than a whiny ballad for me."You're a Wolf" by Sea Wolf: Here's another haunting melody on acoustic guitar. The lyrics tell the tale of a man (wolf?) torn between finding his lady love and heeding the warnings of an old gypsy. Another one I enjoyed."Home" by Great Northern: Remember the movie21? Well, this song was in it. It's one of those songs that fit well into a romance film. The female singer reminds me of Elizabeth Thompson from the band "Medicine" - listen to the song "Time Baby III" on"The Crow" soundtrack, and you'll see what I mean."I Summon You" by Spoon: I like the peppy guitar riff and the floating piano melody on this one. Clever lyrics like "you got the weight of the world coming down like a mother's eye" keep this song in my head for hours."Fruit Machine" by The Ting Tings: It's not every day that I hear a song about a slot machine luring its prey back to lose all their money, and yet here it is. This song really stands out from the others on this disc. The punk melody is similar to the early Police song, "Driven to Tears"."What's A Girl To Do" by Bat For Lashes: Here's yet another haunting tune to tug at your heartstrings. The passion is gone from her relationship, but she cares for her man so much, that she can't bear to end it....What's a girl to do, indeed?"Stranger Than The Stranger" by Oliver Future:  I never thought I would hear a song that sounded whinier than "I'm So Sorry" by The Smiths - and after hearing this song, I stand corrected. Not much else I can say."Time Bomb" by Goldspot: The sounds of this band remind me of Echo & The Bunnymen. The lyrics in this song don't make a whole lot of sense, but the guitar tune is pretty catchy."Life Is Still Beautiful" by The Orange Lights:  At the end of the lineup, we get a song about wishing for the pain to go away, and it'll take some time, but since life is still beautiful, it'll be all right. Sorry, but this tune joins the other whiny ballads.So did this sampler live up to the definition of "eclectic"? Absolutely. There's punk, Caribbean, pop, alternative, and other forms of music to be found here. The songs on this disc have popped up in video games, tv shows and movies.I enjoyed quite a few songs on this sampler, and I can see myself trying a few bands on for size. Unfortunately, I also filled my quota of "life sucks, let's share our sorrows in song" ballads for the next 6 months.
This batch of songs from California's "Morning Becomes Eclectic" program is as eclectic as the show that bears its name. Just like all compilations of this nature, it's still a hit and miss affair. First up: The Scores:The Swell Season take their award winning song "Falling Slowly" and perform it pretty much as it sounds on record. It's a great song and sounds perfectly melancoly here. Alt-Gods The Shins and The Spoons deliver serviceable versions of songs from their current album, with The Shins'Australiasounding hotter then the studio. Seawolf is new to me, and their enigmatic "Your A Wolf" intrigues me to find their work. A surprise for me was The Ting Tings' "Fruit Machine," sounding like the girly pop of Roxette.After the scores would be the Snores. "Heart It Races" is too affected for my tastes, with faux "edgy" singing and steel drums. I can't fathom the appeal of Bat For Lashes' arty Bjork/Siouxsie Sioux imitations. Oliver Future, well, they won't have one unless they can sound a little less than the sum of their influences.There were a couple of other tracks that were somewhat interesting (The Orange Lights, Great Northern) that were listenable but not memorable in any sort of way. Your need to own this will depend on your bent towards Adult Altenative music (ie: You probably listen to NPR or KCRW), or you have an insatiable curiosity about new music (like me).  Preview what you like and choose accordingly.
Ok, so i havent bought this albumn which doesnt give me a whole lot to work with, but just form the clips i can tel somthing is off.  For the most part it sounds good, but i dont like the piano they used, the notes for the melody sound kind wierd, almost fake. Did they usea keyboard instead ofa piano??
After hearing Marco's vocals on the demos, I wish they would have just let him be the lead singer.  He's awesome, but I suppose they wanted so remain a female-fronted metal band.  I think "Reach" owns the album version of "Amaranth".  This album is probably worth buying for that song and "While Your Lips Are Still Red" alone.
I had never heard of this band and they were playing in town and that is when I looked them up.  I was very excited by the clips of songs. When I got the cd I was a little dissappointed.  Some of the songs are really good, some are just ok and a couple are a bit boring.  It would have been a good one to by a few songs from rather than the whole cd.
Not quite as energetic as I may need or want, but I think I noticed it was filed under, downtempo or easy listening or something ?...Great music though.
Let me start by saying that the Damned have been my favorite band, through thick and thin, for the last 27 years of my life. I own every single one of their actual albums, plus tons of singles, EP's, compilations, bootlegs, and of course the Naz Nomad album, and I never miss seeing them live when they tour through my neck of the woods. With that said, I like to be objective without being too biased when I give my opinion on a new release, and I like to have a little time to sink my teeth into them, since most Damned recordings are not easy to peg at first or second listen (as someone else pointed out in their review here).Now, down to business. I actually downloaded this album before it came out, so I've had a good 8 or so months to digest it. I gotta say, it's not their best work. Not their worst either... but it's uneven. According to Captain Sensible, they took a lot of time making this album, and are very happy with the results. Personally I think they took too much time, and got mediocre results. The production is an improvement over the last album, "Grave Disorder", but the material isn't as consistent as that one was. A few songs are really great grade-A Damned (Under the Wheels, Little Miss Disaster, A Nation Fit For Heroes), a few are really awful (Dr. Woofenstein, Since I Met You), and the rest are either just kind of... okay, or instantly forgettable. For a Damned song to fall into the category of "instantly forgettable" is a sad statement.The feeling this time around is very similar to how I felt when "Anything" was released in '86. I know they can do better. It seems a little uninspired on some parts. The cogency of the great Damned albums like M.G.E., the Black Album, and Strawberries is simply missing here. I've seen this band crank out albums that are visceral and mind-blowing from start to finish, one after the other in the past.... and I know they are still capable of that feat, but this one falls flat.The Damned definitely beat out the Pistols and the Clash for longevity, but that doesn't make them immune to releasing a few mediocre albums, and this one just doesn't quite make the cut for the kind of greatness I'm used to with this band. It doesn't mean that I think that they've "lost it". The Damned has experienced many peaks and valleys throughout their existence. I just hope the next album is not only a return to greatness, but doesn't take another 8 years to see the light of day.Still, when all is said and done I'll take the Damned's worst over 98% of all the other's best any ol' time.
The debut release by the Pacific Northwest indie band LAKE (not to be confused with the German prog rock band of the same name from decades past) is rougher and less interesting than their later releases but still pleasant.
Nothing noteworthy here. If you really want to see great rock-a-billy, buy the Lennerockers present the Wild West Rock-a-billy Special DVD. I got my copy from Germany. Make sure you get an all-region DVD player, or a DVD player that will play, I believe, Region 2 dvd's. I don't think the DVD is available in the USA.
I have mixed emotions about this album.  First of all, there's a huge part of me that really really really wants to like it!  The beats are decent, but not very layered.  The vocals are, I'm sorry, extremely masculine.  But something about the song "Victoria Starship" has me listening over and over again in the hopes that one day I'll hear it and I'll be in love.  But that hasn't happened yet.  I'm sorry, but the vocals kill it for me.  I think Nadia has the potential to have a very beautiful voice.  Ah, if only the vocals were more sensuous and feminine...
If you love or like Sanjaya, you should buy it.If you hate Sanjaya and want to make fun of him, you should buy it.If you are unsure about Sanjaya, you should buy it because it is cheap so you won't lose much if you dislike it.The best song on the album is "Rainy Days". That psuedo latin sound and depressed feel! Very nice, cool groove.  "Quintessential Lullaby" is also interesting, unique. "Tell Me Who I Am" is a joke... It is funny though. In the song he sings about how a lot of haters don't really know the real him even though they think they do. I am pretty sure he is singing badly on purpose on the song to emphasis the meaning. "A Guy Like Me" and "I Got It For You" are good songs for the teen fans as they are rather boy-bandish.I hope this is just the beginning and I hear more from Sanjaya in the future.I recommend only listening to it on high quality equipment because the sound quality is such that you cannot get the full sound effect on lower quality equipment.(I changed my review because I do not think I explained how I feel about the EP well enough.)
I wanted to get a CD with some chip tunes for a party we were having. After I ended up buying this one since it was the most diverse. After buying this CD, I kept looking around for more chip tunes.I ended up coming across this website [...]. The website is run by 8bitpeoples and Bit Shifter. It has over 150 EPs of chip tunes. Most of them are free. I was able to download over 600 chip tunes for free from the production company that released them.I was able to use the tunes at the part and never have a song repeat.
It was ok, a decent compilation; but I like Christafari more. Not much more I can say about It ......
Ok, two of the tracks in this ep are the same (I actually liked the icelandic version better than the english one). It's cheap enough and the last track is really good in the vein of the last album, not in the 90's BJM -that was a whole other level. But this is good too, I guess.
I buy a LOT of MP3s from Amazon, so I was disappointed with the quality of this encoding.  Actually, it seems to only be the songs from "Too Slow for Love".  There is a lot of noise/artifacts/corruption in the encoding.  Since these are the slow songs on this set, the noise really stands out.Highly recommend the album(s), but buy them somewhere else, or in the CD format.
The CD does not do Tune-Yards justice. She has a fantastic voice and is very talented but this only really comes across live. She was phenomenal live and she had the audience going nuts for her. All of the songs sounded much better and were lot more fun to listen to.  If you ever get the chance to see her don't miss it.
I had the misfortune to see Merrill Garbus live first. She opened for The Dirty Projectors and her vocals killed.  I bought this album in the hopes of capturing her voice for my listening pleasure.  What I got in return was a seemingly minimalist, under produced album.  Merrill comes of muted and distant, and the full power of her voice is not displayed on this album.  I don't know if the production values represent a personal aesthetic or just a lack of funding, but I would recommend you throw your money down for Merrill live than this recording.  This is a sad representation of her vocal range.
Pulley's new e.p. is a very solid release for this "X-Member" band.  They never disappoint as far as good, solid punk rock goes.  The 5 songs on this e.p. don't necessarily make up their best work to date, but should appease any Pulley fans out there.  "Rattling Rust" is one of their best songs thus far and is, in my opinion, the shining jewel of this record.
The Almighty Proxy is an experimental post-hardcore band from New Jersey, USA. The band comprises Alan Kahn (vocals), Jason Williams (guitar & vocals), John LaTona (bass & vocals), Mike Filomeno (guitar) and Andrew Brito (drums). Their debut EP `Hello Garden, I Am A Monster' was released in April 2009.The Almighty Proxy would like to be compared to Fear Before (The March of Flames) and Every Time I Die. They shamelessly promote themselves thus "HELLO, my friend, and congratulations! You have just stumbled upon your new favourite band! That's right, be excited. Since you are taking the time to read this "bio," we won't bore you with nonessentials. We love our music, our lives, and each other, and that love filters through into the awesomeness that is our music. And guess what, a little secret for you: We wouldn't have it any other way." and "We pride ourselves in our love for people. If you are looking for a band that does not interact with fans, looks like they just drank sour milk when they perform, and only seems to be interested in how many people leave their shows on stretchers, please do yourself a favor and click the little X button on the top of the screen, lock yourself in your closet and listen to your Hatebreed Cds. You're in obvious need of a hug. You have been warned."Opening with discordant guitar and hardcore screaming, `Loveable Leeches' apparently takes its inspiration from the biblical account of the Israelites wanderings in the desert and their complaining (Numbers 11), although you might not have guessed that from the lyrics!`The Big Bad Wolf And His Fancy New Cashmere Sweater' speaks out against money-grabbing televangelists who just want to make themselves rich by swindling the public and giving them false hope.`Mirror Coated People Make Good Magicians' is about creating your own belief system. If enough influential people tell you that something is true, then everyone follows along and dissenters are shouted down. Would we be willing to stand up for the truth if it was unpopular?`Static' opens with a prayer calling out to God to show us the answers.Finally, `Tossing A Decaying Heart Into The Washing Machine' is about how a sin may be subtle at first, but eventually we may be overwhelmed by it.The obscurely titled tracks and far-out lyrics must have attracted some criticism as the band felt the need to give a long explanation on their website.
This band reminds me very much of early Dying Fetus. Overall, they are a pretty good band with some good, brutal death metal. The production is decent but very obvious that a metronome was not used when laying down drum tracks as there are places in some songs where the drummer seems to either speed up or fall behind and the rest of the best is having to make adjustments as they go. More than anything else, they don't really bring anything new or innovative to the table. It sounds as though they listend to Destroy The Opposition and Killing on Adrenaline as they were writing the songs for this album.If you're just looking for some good death metal to brutalize your neighbor's ears with then pick up this album, but don't have high expectations in the way of originality.
Pretty good album. After a few songs I feel like the melodies all start to sound the same to me. The songs can be a little repetitive sometimes and the choruses can be a letdown. But I do like her style. I think she has potential to be better and probably will get there with more albums under her belt.
This compilation contains all of TOBACCO's solo work from the 90's (far before BMSR). Considering the time period, this music fits perfectly into a smelly, underground club with laser lights and ecstasy. A mixture of Smashing Pumpkin, Beck (especially the hip-hop/country-rock fusions), Nirvana and Radiohead. Even though most of the songs were made over the course of a few years, they flow together well. Songs I loved: "Sunburned Face", "Left Out (The Freaky Pieces)", "Enough to Calm You Down", "HIdden Track 2", "Gonna Git You Brainwashed", "Friendly and Unfriendly Spiders".
If it were just a review on the music, I would give this 5 stars, but somewhere in the file making for this download there has been added space at the end of songs, the track listing is out of order, and the song 'Kiss Me Dead' cuts out abruptly leaving off nearly 30 seconds of the song's ending. When Magic Wands released their debut full length album I wanted to get this EP because I like the original version of the single 'Black Magic" better than the new recording of it.... unfortunately iTunes no longer carries this EP so I was happy to find it on Amazon, but very disappointed to get it in the condition that it is......Please, Amazon, work harder to give us music as it is originally intended.
This is a fun album but for prime Squeeze you need to skip ahead to the next one, Cool for Cats, and then proceed from there. This is mostly the producer's fault. Having said that, it's still worth a listen especially if you want to hear Squeeze not sounding much like Squeeze. It's just a really weird album in their discography. Luckily, it didn't ruin them for the goodness that came later.
People that start bands don't so it for the heck of it. And for the most part they are passionate about what they record and how it sounds. That's why it's a shame how bad the quality of the music on this sampler is. If this record label wants to promote it's products and more importantly it's artists, then what we have here is a dis-service to those same artists. I made it to the third song before deciding to write this. The quality just spews chunks! The second track Phi has so much distortion and wave clipping on the highs, it's almost unbearable to listen to. I've heard better quality from stuff recorded and mixed down in garages and bedrooms than that! Yes, very sad indeed. Maybe they just made it sound crappy because it was free. If I was the bands The Most Serene Republic, or Years, I'd be looking for a new label.
Three 1 star reviews? Complaining about 30 second previews? People, you can download it for FREE and listen to the whole thing! Clue-sticks needed.Now, about the sampler, not a great package. A few interesting tracks. Maybe one or two artists I'll look at further. If I was promoting my label, I think I would gather stronger material overall. But it did expose me to artists I hadn't heard before. That's the job of a sampler. It's not 5 star, but better than 1 star.
It's a pleasant mixed bag.  If you like Brian Eno you may like the new age/ambient instrumental of Bell Orchestre's Icicles Bicycles (I did).  And I liked The Major Lift, another nice alt instrumental.  And Los Campesinos, which is on par with a lot of the current post-punk sound.  And probably more here ...
If you want very high-tempo pop-punk Beatles covers, that is exactly what you'll get here.  I was hoping for more variation, as different songs warrant different treatments.  I like the idea of a true punk-rock album of Beatles covers, but this isn't quite it.  Part of it comes from the fact that people now assume that punk has one kind of sound, but even The Clash had slower, simpler songs that don't fit that mold but were still very much punk ('Lost in the Supermarket' comes to mind).Perhaps I was expecting a little too much, but I was definitely a bit disappointed when all of these songs have the same "punk-sound" up-tempo treatment applied to them.  That means that you can listen to each one and appreciate the novelty at the time, but trying to listen to more than one or two is likely to give you a headache.This is pop-punk, not punk-rock.  That's the biggest reason this gets the stars it does, but if that kind of thing sounds good to you, you'll probably like this more than I did (it is well-done pop-punk, at the very least).
Its tough to see these guys live or on video and not feel the infectious joy they exude.  A couple of the songs on this release capture that.  I'd encourage you to download those and skip the rest.The majority of these songs are dull, occasionally tedious and sometimes even downright annoying.  In "Kisses Over Babylon", a horrendous attempt at recreating a little Gypsy Kings-esqe passion, the vocal and musical shortcomings of the lead vocalist and the band are at their most glaring.  Never have I been so quick to delete songs I have just purchased.These guys have considerable, though largely unrealized, potential.
I heard "Home" while in the car on the local radio station, WTTS, one day in late July. I was instantly drawn to it. Both voices in this particular track, the more and more I hear it, are so intense and melodic that I have to rank it as one of my top tracks of the year. The lyrics are even equally intense for this track, and probably tugged at my heartstrings a bit. And this bit of information is the sole reason I am giving this record 3 stars, instead of 2. I've listened to this album a few times now, and I just don't feel it. "Home," to me, is the only track I feel through my bones. Every other track, lyrically and musically, has done nothing for me. Alex Ebert's voice constantly throughout the entire record reminded me of Bob Dylan's... I just kept flashing back to that era. This is an extreme compliment, as I think Dylan owned one of the best voices in music history. Which is why with each track, I was hopeful. However, I just don't feel it. I am obviously in the minority here. I will continue to listen to this album on occasion, and hope it grows on me.
I think this is a decent, if not good, album. I listen to mostly folk rock and bluegrass so this band was a bit of a departure from my norm but I had hear a few of these songs before and liked them so I gave it a chance.  I like the sound of this album, for the most part it has an upbeat, happy, almost pop-y sound.  The instrumental is great. My only complaint is in the vocals. It takes many many listens to be able to decode what is being said and I'm not fond of that.  I would say the vocals are the weakness but the instrumental is so good it mostly makes up for it. I'd give it a 3.5 star if I could.
I bought this after seeing and hearing the Zeros on the &#34;The Big Easy&#34; with OCMS and Mumford, thinking that their music would be interesting.  It;s good, but I find that after a few listens, it's enough.
I wanted this to own "Home" which I love and should be a theme song to a '60's TV show. I was pleasantly surprised to also find "Janglin", a nice tune and theme to the Ford Fiesta commercials. The lp starts off nice but the lead vocals can get annoying after awhile. I want to like this more because it has a wash board sound I can relate to. Hoping more listens only get better.
I think the first 2 songs in this sampler are reversed. The Great Northern song, Houses is over 4 minutes long and I think it is the second song - not the first.
I picked this up when it was free and ended up buying Great Northern's album based on their track here (Houses).  I don't dislike the rest of the songs here, but they didn't stand out as much.  Still, it did what a sampler should do -- expose the listener to a variety of artists and styles.  I don't think it's worth six bucks in its present form, but if you get it cheaper, and you like something on it, go support that artist by buying their full album.
I like Brandi Carlisle, and normally would have given her a higher rating, but this song was just a teeny bit too punkish for my taste.
I picked this album up a little bit ago after stumbling across We Are Water while looking for something similar in sound to Crystal Castles. Unfortunately this album did not quite give me what I was hoping for. It did however give me hope for the future of the band. Most of the tracks on the album sound incomplete, as if they are missing a layer or two of sound to reach their full potential. Health is one of the newer breed of noise rock bands, taking the industrial movement of the mid 90's and making it more melodic. Health does this by having the music very raw and uncontained, but by having the vocals very harmonious and mellow. The contrast is fantastic, but it still feels like the band is evolving their sound and will have a more complete sound in their next album or two. If they manage to get the right producer, Health could burst onto the music scene and become one of the defining sounds of the decade.
I have to say that I can appreciate the efforts to strike out and do your own thing. But I sat listen to this whole entire album and then listened to the last Halou. And man I have to tell you there is a big difference from a production stand point. I am not sure what "Count" brought to the group's creative stand point but it seems like he was a bit of a influence. This album is not bad, not bad at all but the problem is it is nothing special either. If you listen to the last 3 Halou records there was a progression in each album. "Wiser" was a beautiful slower electronica masterpiece and Wholeness & Separation was a mix of dark rock and more of the same. The last album "Halou" which was self titled and was a masterpiece it was perfect. It was a mix of everything that the first two albums were and more. This album sounds bare and minimal and not quite as lyrically charged in my opinion. When Bjork left the Sugarcubes and Tricky left Massive Attack these guys moved forward. I'm not sure what they are trying to achieve here ? But I am hoping that these guys come with the complex production they once had. Just because you break up doesn't mean you can't move forward and not backwards. If I heard this and then heard Halou I wouldn't believe this was the same band. The stand outs on this CD is Gladhander and Stopthief easily so don't expect too much more ! Those two songs remind me of what the band once was capable of so it shows that they still have something left. The rest of the album just floats along but doesn't really hit you in the face.
So, being a huge fan of Andrew WK, I had high expectations for his good friend Aleister X's music.I honestly really disliked the first two songs I heard from Aleister X.This EP is a nice up-beat change of pace compared to my previous experiences with his music.Electronic/pop/rock/weird/british/strange music but oddly enough, I thoroughly enjoy this EP.If you're already a fan, you'll love it. If your not, these songs may change your mind.Keep it real.
I wanted to give this a shot since I really like Parts and Labor, but I wasn't too thrilled--it's minimal compared to their work, but not necessarily in a good way.
I'm not a big Iggy or Stooges fan.  I bought this looking for more of a greatest hits record, which live shows tend to be.  I wasn't impressed with the sound quality, and it didn't have the songs election it was looking for, but it was cheap, and it's ok.
Saw this band at a benefit for Haiti in Brooklyn-- caught me off guard. Really fresh sound.
I was really looking forward to getting this CD and had a lot of positive anticipation of what I'd hear. After being blown away by The XX and the new National CD's this was somewhat of a let down for me. Do I like the CD? Absolutely. But I found that multiple plays of it have had the opposite effect of most CD's I really like, that of becoming somewhat ho-hum and just "there" without a strong emotional attachment to it as I do have to the aforementioned CD's. A good effort and something I still listen to but not something I necessarily look forward to playing again and again.
There's little to prepare you for the textural mash that makes up this quintet's music. Mixing guitar, xylophone, and drums with deeply layered vocals and atmospheric harmonium, the band is at once driving and pastoral, dreamy and nightmarish, relaxing and angsty, languorous and jittery. The opening "Generator ^ First Floor" mixes indie pop with rich vocals and... a banjo. The five-string reappears throughout the album, offering mood-setting introductions, and solos lackadaisically plucked against thickly pulsating backgrounds. Stereolab meets the Grand Ol' Opry. But what sets Freelance Whales apart is the clarity of Judah Dadone's tenor, feinting towards the tone of teen-pop at times, but offering something deeper amidst the lushly, unusually instrumented arrangements. There's a great deal of craft here, including deftly engineered recordings and several atmospheric instrumentals, but it's Dadone's voice that holds your ear. Well that... and the banjo. 3-1/2 stars, if allowed fractional ratings. [2010 hyperbolium dot com]
I bought this album based on the strength of the title track and a song called &#34;Zhong Nan Hai&#34; I heard on a compilation. This is solid, rocking music from a very good current band. The sound can be a bit repetitive after a few tracks, hence the 3-star rating, but heck you could say the same of The Jesus and Mary Chain or Love and Rockets, and they're both class acts.
Here's a bit of advice for new bands; before settling on that 2 AM brainstorm you wrote on a napkin, first Google it and put it into Azon search, because "Down to Earth" is an Ozzie album, and a Stevie Wonder album, and a Jimmy Buffet album, and a whole bunch of other stuff, and it's waaayyyy down the list before you get to this French "prog" band.  How about, "Dawn to Earth?"  Eh?  I think Spinal Tap said something about the fine line between cleverness and . . . well, never mind.Anyway, what we got here is three dudes apparently trying to be a hybrid between Mew (or Yes) and Linkin Park, which is cool I suppose, except that all these fast-paced songs sound the same (as they admit), and there are a lot of places where the song writing falls apart, quick Rush-like changes in tempo and melody that don't connect at all.  That's something I notice a lot with young bands (it still infects Mew), and it is curable.  There is some hope here, the vocals are very good, parts of the melodic passages are ear-pleasing, and in general the guitar thrashing is okay.  The drums are a bit on the slappy side, I think that dude needs to develop a richer style, but the bass is cooking.So, we'll see, maybe they'll make some compelling music down the road, these things take time.  Re-think the name boys, maybe "A Tear" (that's a French pun), do a twist on it, as the fellow says.
Sadly...This album was just a little bit of a let down,This coming from one of the Biggest Fans of CC borderline obsessive.  I know every song from every album by heart.I was in love with Citizen Cope years before anyone knew who he was....I saw him perform at Center Stage in Central Park just before his first album dropped, and since then I have easily labeled him my favorite Artist creating music.This album does not have the same "uniqueness" all his other albums have.  :(Its a lot more mainstream, the beats are very similar to a lot of his previous tracks.  I loved how he previously incorporated a wide array of sounds, beats, styles creating complex tracks and this album seems a lot "simpler" without that extra effort and consideration.  It kind of sounds like an album that one would expect from an artist that produces what people expect from them.Still considering, it is Citizen Cope so it is still amazing compared to all the other crap being produced these days.Getting ready to see him concert for the 5th time...hoping see him perform this album live will change my mind!
A well done track. I will look into their other work. Good music, good arranging, well done production. Very listenable.
True West is actually quite a good band - saw them live in the early 80s back in NYC.  This CD has it's moments - some of the stronger tracks are:  The Gunner, Hand Of Fate, No Comebacks and Mark Time.  The CD lacks strong sustaining melodies as in some of their other releases and a bit too much repetition within each track.  Their sound weaves country patterns, slight rockabilly overtones and roots/ alternative rock.  The singer's voice wears a little thin here and there but overall not a bad CD.  Possible other artist contrasts might be Wilco and Uncle Tupelo
I'd heard so much about this album for so long! Many bands I have loved have praised this. So what did I finally think when I finally heard it? I though &#34;meh&#34;. If you love old-school punk rock then you've already heard stuff like this done better. It's worth a listen, but don't expect your world to be shattered.
I enjoyed 'Audience' and 'Sermons' but was lost on the others. I would recommend just buying the singles you enjoyed.
I have to admit that I was struggling with this one. I could feel myself brewing up to a full-scale slagging off, so I thought I'd better check with one of my good friends first. After all he has been to see Destroy Nate Allen perform six times, so there must be something in their favour.Destroy Nate Allen is a husband and wife folk punk duo from Portland, Oregon. Nate and Tessa Allen are relentlessly optimistic and perform great interactive live shows. The problem is that this doesn't always translate well onto an album.The first ten tracks are performed as a duo with Nate on guitar & lead vocals and Tessa on tambourine & vocals. `Anchors Away' features the chorus "You see I'm leaving, I'm leaving the sunny side of town / So I can pick you up whenever you fall down." Then they tell their individual stories about looking for a partner and their different expectations in `Turns Out You're Perfect For Me'.Apparently one morning Tessa made a terrible batch of pancakes and wrote the hilarious `Recipe' song which is now a live favourite.  Unfortunately in `Loving You' the vocals grate on my nerves, especially when Nate uses his quavery vocal effect. `White Flag' is where the punk roots show through and how surrender can lead to action. Also `Despite It All' is how people can disagree, but still remain friends.The latter ten tracks were written by Nate in a couple of days, recorded in his apartment and thrown in. If you ignore the DIY production, there are some great lyrics in here. In `Suffer' it talks about suffering the consequences of our actions. Finishing with `Pardon Song' which has "But in the end it doesn't matter / In the end we are just fools / if we haven't made a lot of friends and broken a few rules".If I was going to use an analogy here, Perfect Recipe is like your mom's cooking; don't expect it turn out like a Gordon Ramsay! However it has been lovingly prepared for you.
I was fortunate to seeLaurel Aitkenlive. From the late fifties to his late seventies, he was an incredible performer; when I discovered this album (recorded shortly before his death), I bought it without a second thought.Sadly, it isn't very good.The band does a great job playing the tunes but without "the Godfather of Ska" on vocals, the results are - to put it politely - inconsistent. All the covers are performed faithfully and with reverence to a (then) living legend but they just do not measure up to the originals.Show some love and download track 17 (bring back the Prince!) but consider passing on the album.
I LOVE the music, HATE the cloud player. I used to be able to down load the music just fine then make a CD. NOW I cannot! The cloud player is a bad idea, what is worse I had no choice , I was forced to have to down load it!
I love this type of Honest Rock Groove! The fact that kids are doing this is inspiring. You can always listen to it to brighten up even the crappiest of days.......He was Death Bunny, Death Bunny!....HHhhahhHHhahhHHHahah!.
Josiah Wolf freqently tours with Liz Hodson, and both are absolutely wonderful performers live.  It's rare to see one person play more than one instrument throughout a set, so seeing him play the guitar and drums was a delight.  He has an obvious passion of his music, and it shows through his performances and his album.I give this album three stars, because I think what it lacks is originality.  The sounds are beautiful, his voice is wonderful, and this is an album that I will listen to over and over again.  But if you're looking for something different and that challenges, this isn't the album.  But if you're looking for something that explores, this is a wonderful album.Another reason I give this album three stars is because each song lacks variation.  The production feels rushed in a way.  I could be completely wrong, but it sounds like an album that had to be out, so the songs were created one after the other without giving much thought for each song.Although my criticism is harsh, Josiah is a great musician, and this is an album that I will continue to listen to again and again.  I just hope his music is a lot more thorough in the future.
i saw these guys in austin texas this month (july) with revocation and some other band i don't care to mention. it is good to know that there are still some heavy bands here in austin and not just that same old sad indy crap. the band is good but sound too much like lamb of god. no that is not a bad thing but it's not going to sell you records. their music is heavy as they come but their is no melody. they do break it down occasionally with some slowed down head banging quality riffs but then go back to the same already been played metal riffs. the coolest thing about this band is that both of the guitarists are left handed. the frontman/ vocalist was entertaining and had us laughing at times. i'm not going to buy this album because it does not get me excited enough. but i do look forward to what they may have coming out next.
I've only been a fan for a few years now, but in that short time, I have devoured all that Matt Pond & Co. had to offer. I love the strings, the rhythms, and soothing vocals. These are some seriously talented individuals, and even play live with the same vigor! (Although without the Cello since it's a bulky SOB)My recommendation is to buy this album, AFTER you have been enamored by his older albums mainly just to support your new favorite band. Dark Leaves just does not blow me away like basically the rest of their discography. The order of highest quality is as follows:1. Nature of maps (Winner winner, chicken dinner)2. Several arrows later3. Emblems ("The Butcher" is one of his best)4. Last light ("The Crush" brings serious guitar solos like never before)5. Freeep*6. Green fury...7. Dark leaves (Basically, only the first 2 songs remind me of the real MattPond)* = Yes, this is an EP, however, the fact that MP provided the entire album for FREE to his fans grants him eternal street credit! Despite being free, this has like 8 tracks, some intrumentals, but honestly, some truly excellent tracks. Get it!Happy listening.Note: some of my current favorites besides MPPA are: Ted Leo & RPhs, Pinback, Aloha, Rise Against, Benton falls,  Minus the bear to name a few.
This album has a few great songs, but I was in for a bit of a surprise. About half of the songs are X-Fusion's typical industrial style, but the other half sound like they were made for a movie soundtrack. I enjoy the CD, but generally skip the "soundtrack" songs. If given a choice then I'd probably purchase a different album. I've only rated the album as a 3 since I didn't get what was expected.
For some reason this soundtrack on my Kindle Fire HD sounds like listening to a warped record. I am not happy with it.I love the songs and the group, not not this way.
Another decent indie sampler that's great for background music or a little pick-me-up. Not insanely great but good enough for a few listens!
Could be these tunes aren't my taste. I like Indie, blues, roots. This was unfortunately a no-saver for me though.
Not a bad sampler at all. Rather enjoyed it, and the price was definitely right. Would  recommend. it to friends.
I downloaded it because She & Him had a song on there. but the other songs lacked greatness. It was good for the price.
Sampler.  Hard Rock.  Ballads.  C&W influences.  Songs okay.  Music just okay.  I've only listened several times but now I can't bear to sit and goes through it.
It&#8217;s OK for a free product, but what do you expect? Not much :)It&#8217;s OK for a free product, but what do you expect? Not much :)It&#8217;s OK for a free product, but what do you expect? Not much :)It&#8217;s OK for a free product, but what do you expect? Not much :)
So it's a free sampler of music so I certainly can't rate it lower than three stars, but I have heard great samplers and this wasn't one of them.  There are a few great songs such as "Fall Hard" by Shout Out Louds, which I suppose that alone makes the album worth it (it's free after all).  But still, the I didn't keep most of the songs on the sampler, as almost all ended up in that emo-whiny category.  Check out the some of the short samples to see if anything piques your interest.
So there's fourteen songs to this one, and since there's nothing except for a certain independent attitude and the same label uniting them-- quality varies a lot. Of course this is to my taste, and a lot of people will disagree. This is what you're in for:1. "Horses Warriors" by Radar Brothers (often known as Radar Bros.) [3/5]This is a mellow, jangly folk rock tune that reminds me a bit of Fleet Foxes. It seems overdone to me, with strings and other background material overwhelming the core of the song. The vocals also sound whiny and otherwise unappealing to me. Not a bad song... but not that good either...2. "I Won't Lie to You" by Let's Wrestle [5/5]Now this is a fun tune. It's a loose kind of tune with a pop punk and garage rock style. Think of early 70s punk such as the Jam, Buzzcocks, and the Automatics. This one is messy, sloppy, and pretty catchy.3. "The Very Modern Dance" by Destroyer [4/5]This is a piano centered indie pop tune with deliciously sarcastic and whimsical vocals. It reminds me a bit of the Rocky Horror Picture show-- show-tunes with a spiked twist. The energetic piano playing near the end of the song is particularly nice.4. "Fall Hard" by Shout Out Louds [5/5]This is a pretty solid pop rock tune. Although the lyrics are pretty generic, the vocals have this begging sincerity to them. The guitars have this surf-rock-ish vibe that gives somewhat of a 60s feel to me. Overall, I like the mellow, dreamy feel to this one.5. "Written In Reverse" by Spoon [5/5]Spoon has a strong fanbase (I'm not a fan myself) that will be sure to love this one. On the song's own merits, it's great. Even if you're don't particularly like Spoon, you enjoy the wailing vocals, pounding piano playing, and catchy guitar riffs. The drum work also stands out to me-- love that cymbal pounding! I guess I'd categorize this as 'baroque pop rock'.6. "Don't Apologize" by Lou Barlow [3/5]This one sounds like pretty generic alternative rock to me. There's a dark, mellow, and fuzzy feeling to the whole thing. The wall of sound-ish chorus picks things up, but otherwise it's just okay.7. "Thieves" by She & Him [5/5]If you know She & Him, then you know that they keep alive that Brian Wilson style of layering achingly gorgeous melodies upon melodies. This tune is a classic example of their great soulful pop.8. "Learned to Surf" by Superchunk [4/5]This tune sounds like the generic sort of pop punk that you'd find from Bowling for Soup, Green Day, etc. with pissy sounding vocals and energetic guitars. I like that sort of thing, but I should emphasize the "generic" sound of this one. While nice, it's totally forgettable.9. "Glide" by Alec Bathgate [3/5]This is an upbeat tune with a folk rock feel, but it also has some electronic touches that are nice. However, this one also sounds pretty generic and nondescript for the most part. Just think of "indie rock singer-songwriter" and there you are. It's just okay.10. "I Wonder Who We Are" by The Clientele [4/5]This is an okay pop rock song with some dream pop elements and some horns thrown in. There's a mellow, floating kind of feeling all through it. Still, it comes across as easy listening type music that's forgettable (although you'll want to listen to it again).11. "Odessa" by Caribou [1/5]This just doesn't go anywhere. It's the only song I deleted after downloading.12. "In the Dreamlife U Need a Rubber Soul" by Clean [5/5]The group is pretty unknown in the U.S., but they're pretty popular in their native New Zealand. This tune is a simple pop rock song that probably will grow on you. It reminds me of Men at Work and Midnight Oil.13. "I Hope You Die" by Wye Oak [3/5]As you can tell from the title, this is a dark, sad, and subdued alternative rock tune. I like the subdued nature of this one. The vocals are soft and have a haunting kind of feeling. Yet it doesn't seem that interesting, and I didn't feel after playing it that I would want to hear it again for a while.14. "Give It" by Lambchop [3/5]Alt-country fans will recognize this group immediately. This track is a live performance jam that seems hard if not impossible to categorize in terms of genre and style. It's pretty lively at times, but at 6:28 it drags on and on without particular rhyme or reason. It's sort of like eating appetizer after appetizer expecting a main course but never getting it.I recommend downloading the album. Eight out of fourteen isn't that bad. But still, if you have a more critical ear than you'll probably end up all but three or four of these tunes.
I have the AmazonMP3 Premium Cloud app and this was easily found just by searching for FREE and it is ok!
Didja ever get distracted in the middle of looking for an album, and buy the wrong one?  Well, I just did, and y'know, there's no way to stop that sucker from becoming yours once you push the button.  Looking for Graham Nash's Songs for Beginners album, not this tribute album.  It might be OK, can't bring myself to listen to it.  If it turn out to be good, I'll let you know.
UK Christian metal band Stairway returned in 2010 with their fifth studio album, titled Interregnum. Stairway's melodic traditional metal sound put them in the same general league as Barren Cross and Sacred Warrior, yet they always seemed to exist way below the radar, even in Christian metal circles.Beneath the apocalyptic cover artwork by Rodney Matthews (Asia, Magnum), Interregnum is a very solid traditional metal album with a fairly epic feel. The band has been active long enough to have developed a signature sound, and they've certainly come a long way since they debuted on theWhite Metal Warriors: Last Ship Homecompilation. The musicianship, vocals and songwriting are all quite good. Unfortunately they're hindered by a lackluster production job that sucks the life and power out of the songs. Stairway is literally talking about the end of the world and the fate of your soul, and they're doing it with power chords and soaring vocals, yet that never seems to come across like it should. It's like there is a wall that keeps everything to a lifeless middle ground. You can't help but wonder what this album would sound like in the hands of a Dennis Ward or Magnus Karlsson.Now, Stairway is a Christian band, and their lyrics reflect that. They're not ambiguous about their faith like Stryper, nor are they a Sunday sermon set to music like Petra or Whitecross. They are, however, unapologetically evangelical, so the religious nature of the songs can get a bit tedious if you don't happen to share the band's faith.Production issues aside, Interregnum is a perfectly solid album that will no doubt please most Stairway followers and should be heard by any serious Christian metal fans. Beyond those groups though, it's probably not an album that's going to impress the larger metal community.
A decent album made by a guys with good intentions. Lead singer's voice needs some work and the back-up vocals need work as well. Guitar work and drums are moderately good. Lyrics are interesting. Nice guest vocals by Paramore's Hayley Williams. Her touch was a welcome presence in a rather bland album. Overall, album that barely hits the "Okay" mark. Five dollars is the ideal price. Wait for it to drop.
But still pretty good, none the less.What's is sadly missing is Thalia's voice.The songs really aren't that interesting, and aren't up to Black heaven's usual par, except for the wonderful dark techno throbbing bass "Babylon". This one song in the original version is worth the wole CD
Ugh, what is that awful static in the background? I get that it's a thing and some people like it, and normally I do too, but it's just too much on this EP. wtf mate?
After Michigan and Illinois, Sufjan Stevens set the bar of expectations ridiculously high.  They were two of the most significant collections an American artist has produced over the past 20-30 years.  So I realized that it would be hard to reach that standard again.  In listening to this album, one has to appreiciate the fact that Sufjan wants to try to new things and find new avenues of expression.  Therefore I think it is an interesting intellectual excersize for committed fans, but I would stay away from it if you're a casual fan drawn to songs like Chicago.  But as one who appreciates that Sufjan is always learning, always experimenting, I really look forward to what he will bring out in the future.
Not Sufjan's best work, but at the time of purchase I needed some new music from him. Little did I know he would turn around and come out with the masterpiece: Age of Ads. I recommend that album over this. Age of Ads = 5 stars.
It's a song I want to like, and so many times it gets really close to working, but then it goes discordant and loses me.
Certainly the guy is a good musician, but his voice is indeed thin. The songs are good, but nothing like, well.. I wish him luck. Frank Sinatra Jr had a brutal road to pave, and this lad is going to have to live with his father's shadow as well. It seems a bit different for Dhani, maybe because his father was well regarded but not with the same public exposure McCartney has had. Perhaps you just get a little more slack being George or Ringo's kid (and Zach is actually a better drummer than his old man). Maybe a Beatles' kids record is in order, with Stella doing the fashions and Mary shooting the video. Get Julian in on keys, Sean and Ringo's girls on back up vocals. Get it over with so they can all go on and get back to their careers.As for James, like I said, this is a good record, might even get a fairer shot except for the ineveitable. We'll see how the full album sounds come Christmas.Wonder what Heather McCartney (Linda's daughter, not wife #2) is up to.....
i liked  Queen of the Lot, 'jah is real' and most of last 6 songs but the rest I find it hard to like them, but my favorite is Queen of the Lot, i like a feel to it and the singer sounds very beautiful but it is kinda short coz it gets to the pick then it ends it should be like 5 minutes but i love it anyways
Featuring three songs that range from fast, jokey hardcore to midpaced, crunchy, meat-and-potatoes punk, "Aneurysm EP"--recorded in 1998 and released the following year as a 7" on Hamburg, Germany-based High Society International Records--is a decent first effort from the Throwaways. Unfortunately, it turned out to be the only official item in their discography (apart from an appearance on a Retro Virus Records compilation years after they'd disbanded). These guys went on to compose stronger material, and they'd be the first to tell you that "Aneurysm EP" does not represent them at their best. Still, for better or worse, this modest little record is their contribution to posterity, and on its own terms it's not a bit bad. The songs are competently written, solidly performed, and they rock!
I don't review anything, but I'm a huge Pigeon John fan and just finished listening to Dragon Slayer a few times.  First heard PJ on Dung Beetle years back and he's been my favorite artist since, on top of a modest list of Christian hip hop artists I enjoy listening to (LeCrae, RedCloud, LA Symphony, etc. etc.).  His other albums have at least one track that jumps out and over the rest to me, this one seems more balanced and consistent all the way through.  Overall, I did like this one, but I found Rock Bottom Again depressing in a bad way.  As I listened, I thought was this one was going to be like Orange County, where PJ has talks about an imperfect life we all deal with, but as he turns to God, we can see him lifted up and that also lifts you up in encouragement.  Rock Bottom Again takes a similar path, but in this case, PJ wraps up by profaning God's name...multiple times.  I can't wrap my head around that, not after years of listening to Pigeon John's music.  I really liked Davey Rockit, the video is cool too.  It will be interesting to see the path Pigeon John takes.
I'm big fan of broken social scene and the textures and sounds used by Kevin Drew and his friends are always interesting and pleasing to the ear.
I bought this Album because Kevin Devine is on it. I had never heard anything from these other guys, but it seems pretty clear which songs were predominantly theirs and which were predominantly Kevin Devine's. Unfortunately, these other guys cannot come close to Kevin Devine on songwriting. The last track on this album grates on my nerves because it's so poorly written. It comes across as juvenile or amateur, even. Look at the lyrics to Mesa, AZ (Kevin Devine) and then the lyrics to Texas (other guys). It is a pretty huge talent gap. That said, if you really enjoy Kevin Devine, and it's hard to not, this album is probably worth a purchase, but you might want to just skip the last track on the album. I think I would have given this album 4 stars if that track was simply omitted.
This isn't bad. It just doesn't have the same energy or edge that Manchester Orchestra does. Still an interesting side project with a softer folksier side which is a nice change of pace, but not what I would listen to on a regular basis.
my body get stuck in your head for days, and be warned people will look at you funny when you sing it at the store while picking out produce(true story). the album over all has a old soul meets rock type feel to it, and no two songs sound the same.
I'm going to have to disagree with the other reviewers ( so far ).  "My Body" is an exhilarating song but the rest of the album is forgettable, with tracks ranging from decent ( e.g. I Got ) to completely bland.  Here's hoping that the inspiration that produced "My Body" appears much more frequently on their next release.
Still enjoying ALL types of music after experiencing IGGY in the late 60s,Alice Cooper in the 70s,Celibate Rifles in the 80s,Eric's Trip and Stereolab in the 90s,I was just checking out who was coming to the Magic Stick in Detroit...Young The Giant? M83? SOLD OUT??? Hmmm...What am I missing these days...Not much apparently...Sure Great Vocalist in YTG...Musically? It's been done & done & done....M83? Maybe better live..but dang..what's the fuss about here? Sterile vocals...some keyboards.....Ho Hum.....
Nothing special. I heard some good things about the CD and listened to a couple of samples that sounded pretty good... but then I got into the cuts and it was just...ok. Oh well.
I like some of the album, but all the songs are good if you like this kind of music. I bought it mostly for some of the more popular songs. Good price for a whole album.
This album was recorded after the departure of founding member and drummer Brooke. Instead of finding a studio drummer or waiting to settle on a replacement they recorded this album with a drum machine.  This drives me nuts especially in the incredibly amazing single "Overexposure".If the cheap drum machine sound doesn't bother you or you're a big fan give this album a listen, I bought it anyway and I do listen quite frequently despite the annoyance.Go out and see these girls live, they have a real drummer, a really talented drummer, you won't be sorry.
So who are they? Not the Runaways, not Fluffy, not The Bangles, not Luscious Jackson, not The Go-Gos, not the Shangri-las, not Fanny, not the Slits, not The Dixie Chicks, not Bananarama, not Cake, not Girl in a Coma, not The Raincoats, not The Vivian Girls.Maybe the Donnas, maybe L7.Maybe none of them. Maybe not going to be more than a bar band.But the cover is cool.
I was not really impressed with this album.  I believe it is his first solo album.  What I really like about Carl Verheyen is that he has the ability to take any style of music, and make his own thing out of it.  This sounds more like him playing technically demanding stuff that is overall not really that creative.  Still it has some pretty good stuff on it and for the completist it is interesting to see how his creativity has blossomed throughout his career, but I would certainly not start here.  Overall, I could have done without this one.
First, let me make clear that I loves me some Nunes. I've bought all her albums, including hard copy CDs at her concerts. So I downloaded this with some high expectations. And the songs are raw and fun, and there's laughing and group singing and percussion from hitting things and people. They've got everything there is to like about Julia Nunes' music, enough to make a 40-year-old idiot like me think about college again.Only problem is that the audio is not significantly better than the compressed audio on the original Youtube tracks. In fact, I think you could get the same basic experience by ripping the audio from Youtube. So if you want a convenient collection of her Youtube performances, this isn't a bad way to spend a few bucks. But if you're happy with the Youtube versions, maybe just watch those and save some dough.
While I absolutely love Regina Spektor, I was a little disappointed by this album. I've never seen her live (and now I'm not so sure I still want to), but the songs were sped up, like she had somewhere better to be.
When I heard She & Him's rendition of "I Put A Spell On You" on Conan I was absolutely floored. It was and absolutely amazing, powerful performance, and unlike anything they had done previously. They just take ownership of the song. Unfortunately the single version does not capture the same magic. I get the feeling that when the recording was made they had not yet found THEIR voice.Lingering Still was okay, but the recording sounds a little dry. ZD has a great voice but it isn't perfect; it needs some reverb to sound its best. Of course that isn't convenient for most listeners.As for me, I was happy to buy the single because they are so good they are worth every penny but I won't listen to it much. If I want to hear "I Put A Spell On You", I'm going to listen to a digitized copy of the version from Conan.
Funny at first listen but quickly gets old.I found out about this band on the sick & wrong podcast.
I purchased this album after hearing "Majestic" played on the 150th episode of American Dad.  It's the best song on the album although frankly I wish it were longer and had more special meaning attached to it.I was slightly disappointed with the rest of the songs.  Some of the tracks have great lyrics and an impressive, original sound you would expect from an indie rock group.  However, there are parts where the instrumentals go on much longer than they should.  Much longer.I recommend purchasing single tracks for this album.  Unless you're a die hard fan, you probably won't want every song on here.
this is a good album for any com truise fan..the other albums are better but for the price its way worth it
I dont know, I like 4 or 5 of these songs. I think letter to emily is great, excuse me coach is pretty good and a few others are decent, but its like an overload of fake teen spirit. Is this meant to be the album that they didnt get to make when they were actually close to their teen years? I just always loved the sincerity and the heart of this band and its there still, for the most part but it somehow feels more than a little forced at this point. I loved their song "the corner" on their last record, it was like a hint of great possibility beyond what  was expected of this band. and in this album they went right back in the box of what they are supposed to be, maybe that keeps them relevant to the younger set, though probably not anyway its not what I wanted. let green day get the spins on the radio. I dont like nostalgia powerpoppunk, I like the smoking popes. I hope they know they don't have to put on that act forever. I really think they are a wonderful band. There is a song on the album that says "I don't want to go to college", well thats fine but I don't want to repeat high school either.
...not as good as Krankhaus.  I think Krankhaus was the best of their albums to date.  It has more replay value to me for some reason.
I saw Katie open for Toad The Wet Sprocket last week and she was very good. She cleary knows her poetry and piano...or is it keyboard? Songs were light and enjoyable, as is this album as a whole. "Cassette Tape" is no doubt a catchy song, and good lyrics too. Give a listen before buying, you're bound to like her. She's got the talent and charm. Cute too.
Good album. Not sure I was expecting the female voice being off key. A little distracting. But it is very worshipful.
Though Seattle-based Kultur Shock is one of my favorite transplant bands, I only learned about their latest release "Ministry of Kultur" while doing research for American Robotnik. Having not listened to their music for a while, I decided to judge the band's fifth studio album (7th overall) in the context of their entire production: to get a real sense of where Kultur Shock stand today, I listened to all their studio albums in chronological order. The experience reminded me of my early trail runs as well as of my acculturation journey toward integration.Gun Start: "Fucc the INS"The band's debut studio release, "Fucc the INS," storms out of the gate in 2001 in a ferocious deluge of raw energy, as if announcing to the world, "We were rearing to go, we're finally here, and we mean business!" The album establishes a baseline for Kultur Shock's idiosyncratic style: mixing genres--punk rock, reggae, metal, Balkan brass, and Gypsy tunes all make an appearance--throughout the original tracks and remakes of traditional tunes; alternating furious attacks of speed with recharging in brief lulls; singing in Bosnian, with some Romany and minimal English. Then the final number, "Backdoor Boyz" sets the pace for the sequel: "Everybody rock your body."Establishing a Rhythm: "Kultura Diktatura"The sophomore effort, "Kultura Diktatura", from 2004, sees Kultur Shock find their stride, resuming where they left off. With a gentler start; smoother metal melodies with broader stylistic and geographic horizons, including Latin, Middle-Eastern, and dance; and more playful lyrics and original material, Kultur Shock enters their zone. Closing the loop, "Too Late to Fornicate" again offers a thematic preview of the next album:"I know how to say words like "f***" and "okay" / In my broken English way / And I know that it's sad, it's pathetic, and it's bad / That I can't communicate"Getting in the Zone: "We Came to Take Your Jobs Away"After getting the excitement out of their system, by 2006 Kultur Shock gets more serious on We Came to Take Your Jobs Away. Cultural commentary from an immigrant's standpoint dominates the album; where the previous releases spoke to fellow diasporans, from the album title and cover to the increased use of English to the lyrics themselves, this one addresses Americans, as in "God Is Busy, May I Help You.""I know, I'm stranger in your land, / I know, ladies and gentlemen, / I know, I am coming here to stay, / And take your jobs away."The band's musical landscape continues to undulate, adding ska and especially tango to the stylistic mix. And though the album holds well together with the acceptance that it's impossible to return, in songs like "Sarajevo" yearning for home breaks through in the end.Hanging in There: "Integration"With Integration, in 2009 Kultur Shock reach the zone they want to occupy. Why change anything it if it works? The going gets even more serious: a brief detour to country music is the pinnacle of stylistic adventurousness. But even though Kultur Shock slow down a bit here, as if recognizing they need to conserve their energy for the long haul, the verbal rocks still fly off their boots. In "Build a Wall" the target are the limits of the American acceptance of foreigners and foreignness:"Mexicans are everyday feeding, building USA / But when they're done, kick them out all / Build a wall, build a wall!"and"Everybody burek, everybody likes / But not everybody likes Mustafa"And in "Guerrilla," Kultur Shock also touch the bottom of the American immigration experience:"You need to integrate too / So they can tolerate you"Digging Down: "Ministry of Kultur"Finally, the 2011 "Ministry of Kultur" contains all the elements from previous albums, but they resonate with an air of light-headedness that comes with reaching the depths of endurance. By now they've seen it all, musically, geographically, and live-in-concert, and the maturity shows. They no longer smoke grass ("Horse Thief") or hashish ("Hashishi" on "We Came to Take Your Jobs Away," five long years ago), they "self-medicate with chocolate" ("Choko Ko Ko"); they no longer walk the planet Earth ("How to Fucc Songs & Irritate Musicians"), they live in the "city of pain" ("House of Labor"); and instead of nostalgia for the home town ("Sarajevo" on "We Came to Take Your Jobs Away"), what lingers for a long while after the album concludes is the kernel of truth in "Don't Shoot Me!":"Your country's not worth your tears"
This is a win win situation, you discover new (good) music and it's free, if you don't like what you get, it doesn't matter because it's free, as simple as that!
This was a difficult album to rate as, in my opinion, the music was great but the lyrics seemed to be lacking something. There was one maybe two out of eleven songs where I felt the lyrics and music came together.The music seems to encompassed a wide variety of tastes and the vocals are a wonderful sound.
Most of the songs are ok. One I did not like but to be honest I only heard the preview.But No 13 "No Time" by Short to Ground starts out with a bang and really catches your interest.Fot that song and because of the purpose of the CD I am buying the CDBarb
Too fluffy for me. I listened to some of their music online before buying this CD. I liked that music online; this collection is way (and I mean WAY) too hippy.
Most of the songs I liked, I will preview more before purchasing another album. I like the mp3 downloads. Convenient.
"For any classic Gothic Rock fans who love bands akin to Bauhaus and The Birthday Party, there is a new beast moving into the scene.  The Tunnel is one of those rare gems that has been playing in various dives in their local community of San Francisco, with a few performances in Oakland, Sacramento, Long Beach and Durango, CO.  They have recently released their second recorded album, Fathom's Deep, a medley of Gothic Rock and No Wave."For my full review, please visit COMA Music Magazine at [...]
upon receiving this, i was beyond excited when i took the case out.. then i put it in my radio and it was Alkaline trio. the buyer was super nice about it and refunded my money if i can remember correctly since they couldnt find the actual crucial dudes CD.
great artists and instrumental album, quality seems a little off but other then that its a great one to listen to on those windy roads
This is a decent indie sampler with some good tunes, but nothing too crazy or incredible. A nice listen in the background while cleaning.
There is a verity of music on this albumn it's not bad for being free , kind of got some weird songs
Song #7 is a cover of a well-known blues tune from the 40's by the first Sonny Boy Williamson (John Lee Williamson), which has been covered hundreds of times by blues and rock artists. Very original and nice arrangement, never heard a country version before. Enjoyed a few of the other songs too.
all the songs were okay. &#34; dirty mouthed flo&#34; showed the softer side of womanhood, &#34;hey little sister&#34; addresses an important topic for today. &#34;good morning little schoolgirl' has a nice traditional flavor and about spending a million dollars on &#34;nothing to say&#34; might just get stuck in your head.  an okay album but the price was something affordable.
Alot more delicate and soft than the debut album. Anna has been performing her new songs since early 2007. "Walk away" "California Song" "All On My Own" & "Shine" back in '08. "Walk Away" was much better live in my opinion, there's been a tempo change in the album version. I've been listening to the live version's of these songs since then. There's great melodies & lyrics throughout this album however, I'm annoyed by the rearragement of the music in some of the songs. The sound of this album is not as rock as the debut or when the songs were performed live. When "Shine" was first released as a single back in late '07, The sound was more rock.Both albums are good, It's just a matter of preference. What sound the listener prefers. If you prefer a slightly more rock sound, Go with the debut. If you prefer a winded down, acoustic, delicate sound with less guitar work then go with Broken Doll.The issue with artists like Anna Nalick, Aslyn, Lucy Woodward, Fefe Dobson etc etc etc. Is that they have these amazing debut albums, then they begin work on their sophomore albums.They start recording the album and the record company decides they dont like the direction that it's going in. They spend so much time critiquing and overanalyzing the production that by the time the it's just about ready to be released, the sound of it becomes stale and needs some minor adjusting to blend more with the current sound.They set a new release date that's so far away from the finalization of the record that by the time they "think" it's ready (again), they get new ideas within the window period.They see all these other artists releasing certain material that seems brilliant. So they keep altering, switching, changing etc. By this time the record is 5 years old and so is the artist, therefore the album is complete but doesn't represent the artist "Today".The artists either gets dropped or moves along on their own and begins work on a brand new album with a completely different sound, independent label etc. The older songs wind up on U-Toob, And everyone in the comments wonders why these fantastic songs never got released.The End.
The pop-punk band Mason Summers formed in 2005 when Mikey Scars (guitar & vocals), Lydia Danger (bass & vocals) and Mac (drums) all hooked up in Maryland, US. They released their first EP `Nostalgia' (2006) and went on to record their first full-length release `Gain The World' (2008). They have just recorded their second full-length album `Who Wants The Future?' (2011). Their sound has been compared to Green Day with other punk rock influences thrown in.Mason Summers are also huge supporters of humanitarian organizations and contributes to Compassion International [...] . They have featured on the Compassion International music compilation which helps feed thousands of hungry children worldwide. The band also donates 50% of proceeds from their merchandise to the cause.The title track `Who Wants the Future?' contemplates how people can be defined by a past event and never move on. Suddenly they find that everything around them has changed, whilst they have not "I'm like a war-time profiteer, I'm runnin' the red-lights now / I'm getting hit with a vision loud / Can I please just go home again?"`Battleflag' is a more immediate, guitar fuelled punk anthem where Mikey and Lydia trade gruff vocals. There is a quirky mid-section chorus sung by children "We'll sing our song to keep us marching on / Until the battleflag is raised / We'll sing our song until the war is done / Until the empires crash and burn away".A thumping bass line opens `Devil's Plea' along with jangling guitar and Mikey and Lydia singing alternate lines. The same song style can also be found in `Pedestal' and `Pride'. There are also ballads (All The While & Should Buildings Fall), upbeat jazziness (Lonely Planet) and a reggae track (Two Or More) for added variety.
Unshackled is an old-school street punk band from El Paso (Texas) that has been compared to The Exploited, Rancid, Cock Sparrer and Minor Threat. As far as I can tell, this is their first full-length album `The Overcoming Years' (2011).The band lists themselves as Joe Straightedge (vocals), Tick St. Grave (guitar), Connor Himself (guitar), Isaac Espinosa (bass) and Eddie Trejo (drums). However, the vocal duties switch between four of the band members, which makes for varied listening.The album opens with a short intro track of horses charging and the sounds of battle, and is totally unrelated to anything else on here. They rampage through `You Forgot Something' with its dual vocals and then strike chiming riffs for the oi-punk of `To Those Who Know Better (Grow a Pair)' with its breathtakingly harsh, tough-love message. "It's not that I don't really care about your plight / In fact I'm concerned with whether you live or die / But just think about the reason why you wanna end your life / There are others just like you who carry on and fight / We can't dwell on the things that hurt us the most / They just tear us up inside and turn us into ghosts / Death comes so easy, it's livin' that's rough / You `aint such an outcast when so many have it tough".One of my favourites is `Grave Saint Life' with its drum intro, clanging guitar and rough vocals. Another lyrically challenge is `Take Everything' with the chorus "The porn industry is smiling down on me / and what do we have to show? / A lustful nation that's lost its hope / SEX LUST LIES MISTRUST / We gotta do something / before our lives turn to dust!" This is followed by the rebellious declaration that "Jesus Is Punk Rock".The production is obviously of a DIY nature, but I don't think it detracts too much from the raw punk outfit. However, it does feel like they were trying to cram all of their ideas into one album, rather being more selective.
I own most of Nils Frahm's work, and this is by far the most electronic I've heard. It's nice, but not what I was looking for when I bought it after listening to "Let my Key be C". Unlike Screws or Felt or The Bells, it's very "produced". I like the violin and piano combination but there is just too many clicks and whirs, etc, to really enjoy it for my taste.
Im gonna be short. Its not great, its not bad. U heard it before, kinda sounding. It works best for when u have people overfor a little party, and they`re not into the real heavy stuff, this one will run smoothly in the background, causinginybiny tiny headbangs.
I've been a long-standing HUM fan and indie music connoisseur, and I believe I took an objective view of this tribute.  I was intrigued at the thought of a tribute, but expected bands who were a little more well known to take part in it.  When the lineup first came out, I was disappointed to see only one band that I had heard of prior, that being Actors & Actresses.Taking the opportunity to listen to the full album via the Tribute's link to turntable fm, I can say that my disappointment in the lineup came to fruition for the most part.The recording quality of the album is fantastic.  Mixing on a couple of songs could have been better, but it's tough to find any complaints about the general sound.As a prior reviewer said, Green To Me and Little Dipper seemed as if the bands recorded and quit after their first attempt.  Both were really poor covers.  The Actors & Actresses song really disappointed me, as I really like that band, and expected much more from them then what they offered with their cover of Aphids.In my opinion, the 3 best songs are I'd Like Your Hair Long, The Scientists, and Ms Lazarus, with I'd Like Your Hair Long being the best one.The biggest issue I take with these covers is that the bands either took the term 'take the song and make it your own' a little too seriously, and royally screwed up the vibe of the original, or they did darn near an EXACT cover (the case with The Scientists, although I still liked it), without attributing any of the covering band's qualities.  For the most part, the guitar sounds were very similar, and unless all of these bands sound the same, then it's not expected.  J Robbins singing Stars was REALLY cool, but I just didn't get anything else out of that tune.Credit to Bearhead for probably creating the most unique, cool sounding cover (Ms Lazarus).Overall, and with having heard the whole album prior to purchase, I was only compelled to buy the 3 mentioned above.
1 star - This is a pretty terrible live album.  The performance isn't great and the mixing is bad.  If anyone faulted Live in the City of Light for having too much studio re-work, this is the answer.  I'll take Live in the City of Light any day of the week.Ok, that seems a little harsh...3 stars?  Maybe it's good to hear the band in their raw form.  No overdubs.  And it's kind of interesting to hear Charlie Burchill playing all the parts in such a raw form.  It gives some insight into his style without the studio sheen of heavy overdubs and effects.So, if you want to hear a raw version, yes, maybe you want this.  But it really is more of a curiosity.
This selection of various artists is good, but not great. The choice of artists provides an adequate variety, albeit not the kind of album I'd buy again.
I must admit that I'm a little underwhelmed by Jay Clifford's new album. His unique voice we know & loved is replaced by half-baked whispers.
I remember this song from the movie &#34;Billy Jack&#34; and I love the message it provides.  I even remember the old Sunny and Cher show when they played the tune to a little cartoon music video.
saw her in concert with Aseop Rocks, pretty good  show. very down to earth chick and so his her music
Wouldn't you love to have been in the control room when the singer was recording his part? With a ton of reverb, not even HE sounds bad, but imagining the dry, unprocessed signal cracks me up every time.The first couple songs on this EP are pretty good, but the covers lack inspiration. I personally dig their LP "In Love With Oblivion."
First of all, weaver is no longer a band.  The band essentially dissolved after their epic first ep.  The keyboardist kept the name and moved on.Unfortunately they lost their soul.  This album sorely misses the incredible guitar work and co vocals of the first ep.  It's still good, but comes no where near the pink floyd classic qualities of I was searching...Skip this, download the original, it's a work of art and hope for a reunion someday....
Funky musical stuff, which is more of an acquired taste in music. I found it to be a bit weird in places, but hey, you might like it.
I can't say that I loved all of it, but maybe it's your style. Either way an interesting sampler to listen to.
This is a batch of mostly acoustic/mellow covers, only a few of which add anything new or different. In fact, I found myself drawn more to the original beauty and strength than anything current. Much better covers are available in previous  comps or even amateur versions on youtube.......
The thing about this disc, is it's rare but very skippable. It substantially pales to the earlier singles/EPs, Diminuendo & Permanent Sleep. For collectors & the curious only.
Nothing really stood out except for one song. It's nice that I was able to try new music without being unhappy and out a few dollars and it also let's you decide that if you like it enough, you can search for the artist and buy their music.
I love Industrial music and this cd is good but some of the tracks are NOT industrial music at all. Some of the songs are your typical poppy dance songs. Pick and choose I say. But overall not a bad cd. And besides it's free! Thank you AMAZON !!! YOU ROCK!!!!
I wash hoping for an Industrial compilation instead of a Technopop compilation. I want to hear the hammer hit the anvil if you will, not dubstep.
Wanted more random, and unknown artists in my music collection in the cloud service steaming media.Simply put, it's just different.
First off, I'm not going to complain too much here because it was completely free. It's pretty hard to complain about free!However, I did expect a bit more industrial to an industrial compilation. There were really only a few songs that would really even fit the genre. If you prefer harder, darker, more driving industrial, then you probably won't like it. I ended up not keeping most of the songs, but it was free! Give it a try, you might like it more than me!
As was mentioned in a previous review, this sampler is only part industrial. The rest is more like technopop.The actual industrial songs are 'Rise' by Encephalon (really awesome track, very Skinny Puppy-ish), 'Prison Break' by Vigilante/Leather Strip (more Nitzer Ebb in style, not bad), 'Fateless' by Decree (kind of old Ministry style, Land of Rape and Honey era, wasnt too fond of this song though), 'Radical/Relevant' by Massiv in Mensch, Stahlnebel & Black Selket (more in line with Front 242, not bad), and finally 'Eiskalt' by Mona Mur, En Esch (you would expect this to be a bit KMFDM with En Esch involved, and it is a little, but without his trademark guitars).One further note....while not exactly industrial, the track 'Jawbreaker' is pretty cool nonetheless. You would expect to see some people break dancing to it.
This sampler got a little boring after a while. Most of the songs sound the same. I didn't even find it interesting after the first song. Don't get me wrong if you are a fan of Dance remixes, go for it. Otherwise, I think you will get bored after the first couple of songs.
Friction was a one-off project that featured vocalist Steve Grimmett (ex-Grim Reaper, Lionsheart, Onslaught) alongside his erstwhile Lionsheart colleagues Nick Burr and Gavin Cooper. The band released a single self-titled album on Z Records in 2002.Burr and Cooper wrote the songs on this album (aside from the cover of The Sweet's "Action" of course), and you can tell they were in a blues rock frame of mind. It's interesting hearing Grimmett in this kind of setting, but he's proven he can master traditional metal (Grim Reaper), thrash (Onslaught) and melodic rock (Lionsheart), so it's no surprise he handles these songs with ease. He doesn't seem to be pushing himself though, and these songs don't really call for his full vocal range.Friction is a totally decent melodic/blues rock album with a solid, workmanlike performance from all involved parties, but it's not anything I'd consider really memorable. It's definitely not in the same league as the excellent Lionsheart albums. Check it out if you're a serious Steve Grimmett fan, but only if you find it for a reasonable price.
When a punk band has been together for over ten years, they either age gracefully or have to be dragged into their twilight years kicking and screaming. World/Inferno is, not surprisingly and unfortunately, of the latter group. "The Anarchy and the Ecstasy", has very high highs and very low lows. While some songs brought me to tears, others made me ask "why?" While the rest of the band flounders, the real star of this album is Sandra Malak whose vocals on "Thirteen Years without Peter King" and "The Apple was Eve" made me not only want to hear more from her but demand it. While there are still way more highs than lows on this album, the lows bring down the rest of it. They should have just released the top five songs as an EP and called it "Jack and Malak: From the Banks of the Raritan."Highs- Thirteen Years Without Peter King- The Politics of Passing Out- The Apple was Eve- The Mighty RaritanLows- I'm Sick of People Being Sick of My Shit- Canonize Philip K. Dick, Okay- They Talk of Nora's Badness
This CD is nothing like the tracks that I have heard played on Pandora.  Sorry, I cannot recommend this product.
It works and gives people another option when Mother - Son dance songs are limited in selection compared to Father - Daughter songs.
This album is a pretty good compeleation. Some good song. Some that just weren't to my tastes at the time.Save Dat Mermaid by the Gothsicles was my favorite simply because of it's fun theme and silly voice. Reminds me of the Chimps song by Barenakkend Ladies (only in punk).I also loved Scissors by Method Call.And Reasons by am.psych
its a decent sampler but 2013 wtii records is the best. best part about it is free to download. its fun to listern to.
Most songs on this MP3 album I liked very much.I liked the way the artists composed their music.There were some tracks that was just okay but way more worth listening to more than once and thats why I suggest downloading the entire Album
think I've listened to 1 or 2 tracks, can't say it's bad since I've not really taken the time to try to appreciate the music, or effort of the artists represented in this collection.
I really enjoyed her slap stick and people of walmart videos.  But her raw voice leaves something to be desired for me anyway.  I hope she goes far but she uses a lot of voice editing.
Jenny and Tyler follow 2010's wonderful Faint Not with Open Your Doors, a solid enough entry into the roots/folk category that the duo navigates, even if it feels a little less expansive than its predecessor. Eschewing a lot of the modern pop elements that made Faint Not such a success, the new project almost seems a bit regressive. Continuing to write in a very artistic if unambiguous manner, the pair effectively conveys the urgency of a life lived to please Christ, even as the rest of the disc seems to point toward a central message of rest and the need to be still and know that He is God. Tyler acquits himself very well on the nylon stringed classical guitar on a few cuts, most notably, the cut, "When Darkness Falls" a lovely plea for the faith to continue on in the midst of trial. Jenny and Tyler work best when employing their solid harmonies but on Open Your Doors there are a surpringly large number of times when they sing in unison and, frankly, it doesn't work as well as either solo or in harmony. There is also a paucity of really memorable melodies on this disc, although, the duo helps cover that deficiency with some pretty unique arrangements, especially, the almost flamenco feel of "Fear Thou Not". And, lest I sound too negative, there are few groups out there who meld the tradition of folk with the currency of pop music with the style that Jenny and Tyler do. Open your Eyes is definitely a quality release that offers an encouraging backdrop to grow closer to God.
This was not really an album I enjoyed. Listening to Ra, then this album I prefer to listen to Ra 'from one' their best album by far. Another minute was a little mushy and emotional, bleeding heart music...
Sounds from the Matrix is a promotional cd from Alfa Matrix mails out with pre-orders to customers. I recently got volume 12 when I pre-ordered the new Stray album Letting Go. All of the artists featured on the compilation are Alfa Matrix artists. Most tracks I totally dug but there were a few that didn't float my boat per say. The one track that really stood out with me was "Toxic" by Mari Chrome. It is featured on their upcoming debut album Georgy (which I pre-ordered last week). The song has really strong female vocals that made me think of some of my favorite female singers Jai of Sensuous Enemy, Eleni-Alice Fossi of Kirlian Camera/Spectra Paris, and Yaz of Javelynn/Ashbury Heights. I also really enjoyed the tracks by Psy'Aviah ("OK"), Stray ("Remember Me"), Helalyn Flowers ("Before the Sunshine"), and Essence of Mind ("Just Like That"). Sadly a lot of the more harsh electro tracks on the album sounds awfully alike. Personally if given the choice, I would just download the tracks by Psy'Aviah, Metroland, Mari Chrome, Stray, Helalyn Flowers, Diffuzion, and Essence of Mind. I really don't think the whole album is worth downloading.
This album is not "bad" at all.  However it is definitely different than Rump Shaker.  By that I mean there are some songs that are much more juvenile.  Angst about kissing your long time "friend" that you want more with, covers of "I Just Can't Wait to be King" and "Under the Sea" really make me feel like half of this album should be on Radio Disney (Does that still exist?).On that same note, there are songs that you should hit "skip" on if your 10-year-old sibling/cousin/child is in ear shot.  But it's mostly clean.So my complaint really is that not every song is for me.  That's the way albums go.  People like some songs and not others.All that being said, Suburban Legends brings their talent on this just like Rump Shaker.  The songs are energetic and catchy and fun to listen to.  Really you could say that this album is good for kids and parents...just as long as you are OK hearing about why some guy just really wants to kiss his friend.
I appreciate the new music and have several Nail samplers in my collection.  I have bought new music from the previous samplers (I know that is want they wish you to do).  I found nothing here I would buy, but I still enjoyed the listen.  I rated nothing over three stars, but that's just me.  Some may enjoy this more than I.  The previous Nail's were more a hit on the head in my view.
This is not an album where the music is as dark and eerie as the first reviewer claims.  Raison d'Etre has made some previous albums which are full of mood, full of mystery and darkness and very outer-space like.  This album is a tamer version of their earlier work.  This is almost industrial music, the overriding gimmick being the banging and knocking sound of various varieties, including metal chimes, intermixed with Moody Blues-like chorales of drifting, angelic voices accompanied by organs and violins.It's a decent work but lacks the fullness and depth of their earlier albums.  See their 1994 album "Enthralled by the Wind of Loneliness" by comparison to this album.  I'm pretty sure you'll find the 1994 album a much richer experience.  This album is full of "tunes" that sound pretty much the same from one track to the next.  The music tracks do build into a kind of crescendo or climax towards the end, but that crescendo is made up more by volume or loudness posing as intensity than it does by complexity since the thematic structure of this album is simple and bare.
The Flats' debut album, BETTER LIVING, is an unabashed cacophony.  Much of the music here consists of fat, distorted guitar riffs, crash cymbals, and vocalist Dan Devine screaming his lungs out.  At a little over 34 minutes, there's not too much variation here between songs.  The Flats seem to try to write songs with grooves or with thrashing rhythms, and rarely do they seem to mix these two conventions.  The band also seems to care little for melody, and many of these songs are forgotten as soon as their running time is over.  In the moment, however, the loud, blistering mess can be engaging, but too often does BETTER LIVING just sound like a band jamming on stage live with no real direction.The album begins with "Foxtrot:" one of BETTER LIVING's best cuts.  It's doom-rock-inspired guitar riff carries the song into a great groove that never really lets up.  The following track, "Tango," feels like a kick to the spine in comparison -- the song picks up the pace considerably over the gloomier "Foxtrot," and never lets up.  "Frostbite" finds the band attempts to pull off the same grooves from the album's opening track, but it comes at diminished returns.  The lo-fi "Slam" brings the band's sound to a more conventional center, and it pays off with one of the album's best tracks.  The nihilistic power by the Flats never comes as close as the bands' predecessors, but some listeners will enjoy the raw aggression that the band puts on display here.BETTER LIVING is by no means terrible, but by the end of its running time, it wears out its welcome.  For people interested in this intersection between grunge and punk, I would recommend this year'sTHE PLOT AGAINST COMMON SENSEby The Future of the Left.  Essential tracks to sample/download: "Foxtrot" and "Tango."  If listeners enjoy the samples that are available on Amazon, I would recommend this album, but there are many other great punk records out there to check out before BETTER LIVING.
Pretty awesome punk sound...her voice reminds me of Courtney Love, but in a good way. One of those epic voice that you know when u hear it....that's &#34;white lung.&#34;
i would prefer the original not the remix.  when I try to pull the original on you web sitr I cannot.  only remix. boo ben cohen
While I liked the re-mix, the original song and treatment was so much better.  I liked the mellowness of it in contrast with the bridge.  A lot like the correlation between a good book and a poor movie, you loose the subtleness of the original.
Uhhhhh.  If only I would have read the reviews before hand.  It just cost me an extra dollar, though.  Remix is good, but not like the original.
Gotye (real name: Wally DeBacker) is one of the nicest & coolest dudes I have ever met. His albums "Like Drawing Blood" and "Making Mirrors" are incredible! Best stuff I've heard in YEARS! I, like so many others in the States, learned about Gotye thru this song. And it's fantastic! 5-stars... but THIS is a remix version. It really should have been noted in the title that this is the "Tisto Remix". It's cool too, but you are probably looking for the original version.Pls do you yourself a favor and purchase the previous two albums. (His debut "Boardface" is good but not incredible!)[...]
Short review: "meh"Longer review: It feels like Dick and the E6 crew have been running on empty for the last couple original albums. This feels like an attempt to shake things up a bit by delivering the same content in a different format. Kudos for trying to mix it up, but it still just feels like more of the same. On the other hand, if you've loved the last couple E6 albums but find yourself wishing for exactly the same thing but less rockin', look no further.
These songs are not bad, with a couple I really liked, but Deb is better for me when fronting The Weepies - who were a real discovery and whom I love - than as a solo; at least judging from this CD.
Apparently this recording was done in three days with a band that had never played together before. With this in mind, it is quite amazing that hey manage to make such a great sound together. It's a testament to the abilities of Earnest Ranglin as a musician to inspire. The vibe on these jams is great. Some songs are tighter than others. Unfortunately, the producion leaves something to be desired; some songs end abruptly and you can tell that the recording was done in a hurry. I just wish that the producer had spent a bit more time finishing the songs.
Notice that the original LP had the words "Greatest Hits" in quotes. While the group really did have a couple hits, they were hardly worthy of a greatest hits compilation.If we call their style "unique" then this album almost works. It is an interesting collection of covers which is why I gave it three stars. I have a weird attraction to covers (the worse the better). Still, there are not enough tracks on this album to keep me interested for long.
Had to download entire album to get two songs i like. But it was free so why not? Most of these are techno/dance/electronica/whatever. If you dig the previews then you should like the album. If not then just delete. Great way to discover new bands or songs
breakdowns breakdowns breakdowns. the first listen is four star worthy, but the cd gets kind of monotonous to listen to after a while.-super low vocals-the production is not all that great.-lots of breakdowns-actually the entire cd is one big breakdown.
Unfortunately I bought this thinking it was the band Sleeper Agent. My bad. The music was OK just not that into it. Might be great for someone else.
Good but not great.  I bought it for two songs I really liked, colorvision and '84 dreamin.  Those songs are awesome, the rest, feels very generic.
Galactic Melt was much better in my opinion but this album is still solid.  At $5.99 though this is a steal.
Like most Com Truise releases it has three or four really cool songs....I don't know maybe I need to be on drugs to enjoy it thoroughly.
Benjamin Bloom has a great voice. That said, he doesn't push his range and the music is electronic gone badly. I have heard more variety and complexity on amateur sites. He has potential. He needs new management, or production, or something. Clever lyrics, but the songs don't really deliver.
Glad it came with a digital copy, the CD won't play on anything but a computer.  Overall the music is good.  like any cd, it's got ones i like and ones that I don't.
The album is superb as Amanda Palmer is one of today's best musical artists, however, the seller should have indicated that this LP is a 180 gram version. My turntable seems to be dragged down by the weight of this vinyl.
the band is ok and her lyrics are great as always. combine them and it becomes mediocre at best. wasnt expecting that from the great amanda palmer.
I know there are a good amount of 5 start reviews, but her album overall just hasnt appealed to me. She has some talent, I don't doubt that, but I just didn't particularly care for her music.
It's nice to hear Amanda Palmer experimenting with new musical formats (I think you can only go to the "punk cabaret" well so many times before you risk being labeled a one-trick pony).  Here, she's backed by the ferocious Grand Theft Orchestra, giving many of the songs a nice kick, and there's almost a "New Wave" feel to a few of them.  While there are a couple of gems on the album ("The Killing Type" and "The Bed Song" spring to mind), a few of them seem to be rehashing previous themes and are forgettable even after repeated listenings.  Still, it's a promising direction, and I hope she continues to mix things up.
I've been a HUGE fan of Morning G since I first heard This is No Time Ta Sleep. I was equally impressed with The Whole World's Watching, but I have to say, I found this latest effort disappointing. I can certainly appreciate Ezra's branching out and trying a new style, but in doing so, I feel like he's lost his edge and the solid songwriting and musicality showcased on his previous releases. I hate to say, but I can't even think of a stand out song on this record. Everything sounds like he's trying too hard. I will give him a lot of credit for putting himself out there as much as he did on this release, but I hope in the future he can find a better balance between this and the truly powerful music he has made in the past.
I prefer to listen to old school hard rock bands, but sometimes I want to find something new, so I found this band with their own interesting style. I liked their first album "Human Resourceful" and I was really excited when they released these new songs. The drums and guitars are great but I kind of didn't like the vocals, maybe it's because of my preference to hard rock, but if you like such bands as The Black Keys or Foo Fighters then you should definitely give a chance to this band.
It's abrasive, unfortunately jarrod hasn't shown much evolution as a musician since Nigel. I'll keep listening though. Fight Large Organization Takeovers of Every Radio Station.
Birthday Masacre has lost that fine balance between heavy guitars and synth, falling a little to far on the synth side for this offering. I hope they regain their balance on the next one.
This band has clearly ran out of steam in my opinion. Or there is someone missing on the production team that made a difference. This album is only a fraction of the past glory and masterpieces they once had. What happened to tracks like "Falling Down, Unfamiliar and Holiday"? "Pins and Needles" was by far their worst and most commercial effort yet. This one shows promise in some areas but still nothing as good as there first 3 albums. This album is very short which makes it more apparent that ideas are strained. Out of this short LP only half of the tracks are good and some are just ok. Some sound very poppy and bland while others are retreads of there past efforts and glory. If you want to check out an amazing dark 3rd effort by a talented duo..check out Crystal Castles III and Cylab.
I was excited to see a new The Birthday Massacre album was out. I'm not a huge fan, but I enjoyed their previous albums and their remixes. I downloaded Hide and Seek right away. It started out great, with the songs "Leaving Tonight" and "Down" bringing their original sound to the table. Then, it all became one big mesh of songs. That's the problem with this album (and admittedly, with their whole catalogue), it has a repetitiveness that makes it hard to distinguish one song from another. They use the same effects as other songs (the sound of rain), as well as (a once before signature) music box synth that is used in almost every song. Chibi uses her nice, whispering singing, but doesn't use the gritty vocals that made TBM different from the rest of the female led synth goth bands. I wish they would break out of their molds and try to experiment with their sound instead of making the same album with different songs titles.
TBM haven't really expanded much in terms of artistic creativity, but I'm cool with that. I love them for the sound they've created and have thus far maintained. However, this album lacks in comparison to their previous outings. Sadly, it is largely forgettable. And yet, I give it 3 stars because the introductory track lends itself to be appreciated over and over. And it actually makes up for the rest of the album. Perhaps should have closed the tracking, but whatever. At least it made the cut!
There really isn't a "bad" song on the album, BUT...* 35 minutes is not long enough to call this a "full length album"* You would never know there were THREE guitarists in the band from this release (unless two of them were on vacation when it was recorded)* One heavy song (track 2) isn't enough to diversify from the slow to mid tempo songs that populate the rest of the albumSummary: This is TBM's shortest, most synth-driven (nearly guitarless) album ever and it lacks the diversity of their previous releases.  While there is not a bad track to be found, there aren't many songs that really blew me away.  A decent release, but I believe TMB can do better than this.
I have been a huge fan of The Birthday Massacre for years and love everything they have done.  I was excited to see a new disc coming out and preordered it.  I am very disappointed with this release.  Sometimes it takes a few listens for new sounds to grow on me, but this never did.  I'm still a fan, but this was a bland recording.
I pre ordered this on vinyl and was really looking forward to it.  While i do really like it, I dont feel that it is as good as either Pins and Needles or Violet.  For reference, Pins and Needles is my favorite, so if you dont agree, you can probably skip the rest of this review.  I really liked the heavier edge that album had.I would consider Hide and Seek thier 3rd best effort Pins and Needles and Violet.  I feel some of the songs sound like they were just written on a DAW without input from the entire band.  Some of the sequencing  seems uninspired.  On One Promise, I feel the song is well written, but in the wrong key.  To me, it makes Chib's voice sound a little whiney which could have been avoided.  She has such a great voice, it almost seems wasted here.  Other songs dont seem to be as strong lyrically as some of thier previous efforts.Having said all that, there are some really great tracks on this album.  I love the opening track Leaving Tonight as well as Down.  Both are wonderful both musically and lyrically.  Calling is also a good song with a great hook that you will find yourself singing along with in no time.All in all I like the record and still have it playing non stop in my car.  Also looking forward to seeing them finally as they are coming within 100 miles of where I live on this tour.
I love love this band. This album however takes away from the reason I fell in love with them. Although I did like this album, I dont think its their best. But im sure they'll only grow.
This album is pretty good. It has some distinct TBM sounds and interesting components but I think I will have to accept that the "Violet" and "Walking with Strangers" days are gone. Did the band reach their peak at that point? I'm not sure. I've been listening for years and have grown with this band. I suppose it would be different if I came onto the scene a few years ago but that is not the case. I understand trying new sounds and cleaning up vocals but I think TBM has become too polished. Some of the lyrics sound as if the only purpose was to make sure they rhymed with one another...not as passionate as the first three albums. This album is better than Pins and Needles was for sure but I just wish The Birthday Massacre would stop trying to break into mainstream by creating cleaned up tracks. Earlier albums sounded raw and passionate, not methodical and sing-songy. Even if the sound quality in earlier albums was not as good as later albums, I prefer that to overly "cleaned up" tracks. I'm sure this album will grow on me in some way...but I miss when I immediately connected with The Birthday Massacre's music instead of having to have their tracks grow on me. This is an honest review from a die heart fan. I am giving constructive criticism and am not about to say I love this album simply because it is new and from my favorite band. I am not suggesting they go back to the way they used to sound, I am merely suggesting they remember to stay true to themselves.
I do not like this album as much as Sunday School Massacre but it has some good songs. Bombs & I Eat Babies are quality tracks. Fun pop punk with alot of good guitar work if you like DWARVES or HeWho you will find something good here
As a teenager, "The Wind" was the only Diablos song with which I was familiar.  I always thought the Jesters' version of the song was better, so I did not bother checking out more of the Diablos' catalog.  Recently, however, I stumbled upon "Daddy Rockin' Strong," and I was impressed by the covers of Nolan Strong's songs.  This inspired me to find the originals which i burned to disc adjacent to the cover versions for comparison's sake.  To my amazement, the 50-year-old songs were far superior to the contemporary cuts.  No artist on the tribute album could come close to Nolan Strong's terrific voice.  I suggest opting for the CD "Nolan Strong & the Diablos: Doo Wop Legends."  The originals are still the best.
I wanted to give it 4 stars but couldn't. Many of the songs are the same as on the Peter Pan Effect album except different lyrics. It is good 80's synth-pop nonetheless.
Classically trained on harp since age 5, Cate is now trying to break into the pop market with this EP that adds her piano, guitar, and vocal skills to her inventive harp figures.  The arrangements overall recall those of Kate Bush, strong and creative.  Vocally, however, Cate carts her wispy voice to places it doesn't really belong, getting overwhelmed by the surrounding instrumental production.  Similarly "soft" singers such as Sophie Zelmani or Priscilla Ahn strike a better balance between voice and instruments, playing up the intimacy of their styles.  Cate could copy that approach, but something tells me she's destined for more notoriety on her main instrument.  The goal is always about defining a difference, and the number of well-known pop harpists is minimal at best.  Watch this space.
Will Hoge knows that his views will piss some people off, but he lays it down anyway. Glad he did, but after one play,  I had no desire to hear it again.
I like instrumental songs,  nice bass to the instrumental song.  I'm starting to get away from  lyrical music, it ok
Love this guy - and his music is excellent, and this new release isn't bad...but it's like 20 minutes long - it's a disappointment, not a lot going on here compared to his excellent debut "Hawthorne to Hennepin", my expectations may have been a bit high waiting for this follow up release...but this should have been sold as an EP.
I saw these guys live in Frederick and thought they did a great job. Hence why I purchased the album. Unfortunately their album versions of their songs are much more &#34;lukewarm&#34; than their live experience i.e. slower tempos and overall much more neutral sound think Death Cab meets Snow Patrol and mix in a dash of blueish-grass. I'm sure plenty of people would really like this album, it just really isn't for me.
Long time FLA fan, but not sure what to think about this album.  I can see a maturity in the level of advanced technology usage, but why not just add some church bell sounds and call it the new Will album?  Better yet, Noise Unit!  I do *like* the music, but it seems like it should have lyrics to be a true FLA project.  Maybe the point is to introduce a new transition.  Not sure, but it kinda sounds more like a movie soundtrack than an album.  I still love FLA though, always Will - no pun intended.
An alternative to &#34;Heart of Glass&#34; and the ubiquitous &#34;The Tide is High&#34;.  It's Debbie, breathing another song from the end of the last millennium.
Love Blondie but this song just wasn't my thing. But for a free piece of music, who can complain?? It's BLONDIE
this is an alright song. I just wanted to add to my blondie collection. It's just gotta grow on you I guess
these are not blondie songs  for a cd. thats why they are free. there good, but, not as good as blondie could be. I have been a fan for over 35 years, I love panic of girls. alot of great songs, the last few, not so good. I am hoping these songs are not part of a new cd? there ok, but not good. Blondie need to step it up  for the next cd They almost got it right on panic of girls, but half way thru the cd fell apart. If they did a cd all the way though like panic of girls, then they will have a great cd. Panic of girls was great , till song 8, then it was all not so good. BLONDIE, can you give us One more great cd from song one till the last???????????????please. Panic was great, till the end. it all fell apart.
I gave it 3 stars, because 2 said I didn't like it, which was not true.  I really like the idea of covering this David Essex song but I wish she had taken a few more chances.  I just thought she had stayed &#34;inside the lines&#34; on this one.  Nothing new.
I do not know anything about the content or quality of this release, I just know it is a different Heather Waters than the creator of Propeller.  Unless she had plastic surgery and moved to South Africa.
Debut release from six member Nashville band who play epic, loping post-folk rhythm rock witha strong vibe of communal hippy pop.  Lots of big, catchy drum-circle pop melodies with horns,multiple part harmonies and a growing sense of cultish bliss that's weirdly cool.  Sometimesreminiscent of Edward Sharpe & the Magnetic Zeros, Dexys Midnight Runners, Peter Bjorn &John.
Indie rock with a dash of doo-wop and a sprinkle of surf guitar...sounds weird, but Kopecky Family Band makes it work. Don't misunderstand--the other influences are barely noticeable when you listen to Kids Raising Kids, but they are present. This is no surprise, as the band members come from all over: Denver, South Carolina, North Carolina, Dallas/Ft. Worth, Minneapolis, and the Philippines. The band was formed when they all met in college, and the resulting album displays the beauty of all those influences meshed together.The highlights of this album are "Heartbeat," "She Is The One," and "My Way," which features an off-beat vocal arrangement. It catches the listener off-guard the first time, but gets better with each additional spin. Other songs are more mainstream indie, and it is evident the Kopecky Family Band was a good fit to co-headline a tour with The Lumineers last year (before they hit it big). Is this the year that KFB gets attention from commercial radio?
Have to really be in the mood for fun to listen to it. And that's about it. Fun album with cool takes on pop songs. Some were really well done and preferred over or equal to the original an some are as much a pass as the original.
It starts slow but I think worth the wait.  Definitally something I will need to be in the mood to listen to.  I enjoy that it is different from the mainstream, which is what I look for in music.
The long song is very slow at first, well, all the way until the middle of the first few minutes. Luckily it catches up and you can pull  your hand away from that &#34;Skip Track&#34; button on your mp3 player. Would go good with a video of the family at the beach, splashing through fall leaves, swimming at the lake, etc.
I really like this band.Bitte Orca, in my opinion, is fantastic. Swing Lo Magellan is very good. These sound like B-Sides from Magellan, which is fine, but I probably hold this band to an unfairly high standard and was hoping for more.
Rik, we know you are much older, but man, this is a bit painful to listen to.  I saw him a few years back and it was good, but here, I dunno, he sounds in alot of pain at times.  3/5
Good album - some songs are a bit under developed and get repetitive quickly while others - Argonauts, Boy on Wheels, and Forro - are just down right catchy.  The singer is good but the guitarist is definitely a big part of the sound.  Sometimes a bit reminiscent of the Beach Fossils and at points this album almost seems to be a modern day Pet Sounds.  The 6 min Art in the Streets has that long instrumental sound that reminds me a lot of the song Pet Sounds by the Beach Boys - a good album to start off the spring.  The vocals aren't terribly diverse but the album is definitely worth a listen.
first i'd like to say that i'm a big fan of the Little ones and would buy anything i can get my hands on from them. but i think on this one.... the bar was set so high that i was left a bit disappointed with this there latest release. don't get me wrong, there are some typical, very catchy tunes on the disc and a few real gems. but i felt the production was a bit "muddy". the guitars and keys just overpowered the vocals which dropped it a star or two on my rating. it's really a shame because i really wanted to love this one but i could'nt get past the glaring production problems. still good thou, but should've been great.
We enjoyed this CD, we like unique music and this CD is different from whats on the radio.  Great for a road trip!
Long a Kozelek aficionado, I couldn't help but notice the bloat on this album- a good number of redundant songs from a myriad of Mark's various musical endeavors, most of which a hardcore fan already possess.  The new songs (Pieces, as they are called here) are intriguing, but disappear too quickly; most clock in at around two minutes.  Conversely, if you've never been one to delve into the back catalogue of Red House Painters, Mark's solo work, or Sun Kil Moon, this album serves as a fairly strong starter.  I look forward to his further works...
I got it for free, so I guess my objections aren't too much. Some good music from bands I never listen to or have not yet heard of. Some of it, as expected, is just sub par, and some is really pretty good.Nothing groundbreaking like Cloudkicker, Mouth of the Architect, or Isis, but a valiant effort.
Nothing Remains Forever Yet The Future Still Holds Hope by Goonies Never Say Die was the only song on this sampler that I really enjoyed. Pretty nice instrumental that sounds sort of like an out-of-wedlock lovechild between Tool & Opeth.
As yet I haven't listened to the entire album but the music is pretty good and I may upgrade a star when I'm completely done listening to it...
This is a good representation of the genre. And for free, it was at the perfect price point for me.
With the cover I was expecting the music to be faster. A lot of it was good music but with a skull on the front I was expecting faster beats or a more up tempo mix. Not a bad slow album, just was expecting some thing I would dance to.
In my mind Mike Cooley is like the Kieth Richards of Drive By Truckers. He generally only gets a couple songs per album, but they tend to be highlights. So even though as a rule I'm not a fan of the live acoustic genre, he earned the benefit of the doubt and I snatched this up. And was pleasantly surprised at how much I enjoy it. The different arrangements of familiar songs are a welcome addition to the DBT canon.The problem, and the reason I only gave this three stars, is that there is way too much crowd noise. And not just crowd noise, obnoxious crowd noise in the form of several &#34;f*** yeah!'s and piercing &#34;yeeeeee-haw!s&#34;. There are much better sounding bootlegs out there in terms of production, which is a shame because the performance is excellent.
Crowd noise and lack of new material are only setbacks of  this release. Always loved mike's songwriting, and all his best are here. Maybe should have been recorded better though..
I thought this was something that someone on my school playground made up.  I was surprised that someone had recorded it, and put it out there on the internet...
Why isn't the original version of this song available digitally?  I thought that's what I was buying.  Wrong!  It's a good live performance made a later date(?), but not what I wanted.
My first introduction to Stars was &#34;Elevator Love Letter&#34; from their album &#34;Heart&#34;. That song has a dreamy, otherworldly quality to it, while at the same time being quite catchy. That sums up a lot of their work. It could probably be described as dream-pop, without all the reverb, effects, and droning background noise you'd find in shoegaze. Maybe it's a little closer to New Wave, but with more natural instruments and less synth. Stars is more galloping beats, swells of background instruments, and clear vocals. But not here. The vocals are fine, but none of the other qualities are present, or if they are, only barely.This album doesn't seem to have quite the same cleverness to it. It's okay as background music. Certainly there's nothing offensive about it, but there's nothing that really stands out either. Stars features two lead vocalists, one male and one female. Amy's voice is wonderful; gentle, yet clear. Torquil's voice is okay, but not quite as good. He sounds a bit like James Taylor. There are a lot of slow, bleating tracks on this one, featuring little more than a piano. Some of the other tracks have kind of a lazy, almost lounge jazz like quality.This album just doesn't have the same oomph or level of energy as their previous CD's. If you're looking for a fairly mellow CD to relax to, it's not a bad choice. But if you're wanting to get swept away on a musical ride, this isn't going to do it.
The more I listen to it, the less it is bad. For people who hated Mine is Yours, like myself, this album starts to move the band back towards their original masterpiece Robbers and Cowards. However, it is still very poppy and produced, continuing to lack the raw, emotional audio quality of Robbers and Cowards that I so loved. However, the lyrical content has improved in this album and some of the sounds are interesting again. For the most part, I am still holding out for another Robbers and Cowards album, but this one deserves some listen.
Eh... It's not the worst CWK album, but not the best.  Still, overall I liked it, I just know they can do better. Word.
I absolutely love the Cold War Kids. This was a return to their old sound, but too much studio work. The raw sound is so much better. But overall, enjoyable.
thee oh sees write so many songs and make so many records it's hard to keep up with.  i'm pretty into it, but i strongly believe if there was one oh sees record with all the best songs of the last 10 years it would be the best record of the last 10 years.
Wicked Jester were another in the long list of B-quality hard rock bands that tried their hands at the melodic rock explosion of the late 80s. While their record isn't terrible, it isn't terribly memorable either.The sound of this album is somewhat Skid Row-esque, minus all the coolness of Skid Row. These guys just didn't write real quality songs, and this album shows their limitations. I hate to bash a melodic rock band from back in the day, but man, this just wasn't a real easy listen.If you enjoy all things melodic rock like myself, you may wanna check these guys out. I wouldn't say they're essential or anything, but they're worth a listen, if for nothing else.
I thought it was just Okay. Maybe it's because I listened to Tape Two first. Maybe it was a little too dark and noisy for my liking. I don't know I just didn't love it. The only song I really loved was Sister.
fal.set.to - an unnaturally or artificially high-pitched voice or register, especially in a man.I was hoping for more of the raw, edgy rock energy that the Strokes pioneered so perfectly in &#34;Is This It&#34; and their hit &#34;Juicebox&#34;. 50/50 comes close, but overall this release was too tame.
I loved The Strokes but they've disappointed me one time too many. I'm an avid music enthusiast and have been a fan since I got my advance copy of Is This It in 2001. Palma Violets is where it's at right now and The Strokes is old news.
not their best album, but its adds to their catalog.  If you love their early stuff you will be disappointed in this.
It needed to be punchy, I think. It has the shoe-gaze sounds, but it lacks flair and punch. The best song is  Dead Film Star, and I wish the whole album went in this direction, rather than the standard shoegaze roll.
Team Ghost is a French electronic music group founded by Nicolas Fromageau.  If the name sounds familiar, it's because he was a co-founder of M83.  You can hear some tracks of their new album "Rituals" on Spotify from various singles, but not the whole album as of yet.This album wasn't really my cup of tea, but at the same time there were some really cool moments that drew me in.Throughout the album, I had a hard time understanding the lyrics, sometimes due to the extensive processing, and sometimes due to the French accent on the English lyrics.  At the same time, though, the lyrics were so sparse that you could listen intently and pick up the majority of them.  The vocals felt like the vocals in an old big band song.  They were often just a sweetening element for a verse, a means of justifying the title of the song, but then the instruments and production would do the brunt of the work for much longer stretches of time.  If you're looking for innovative lyrics that make you think, keep moving.Most of these songs are very catchy with usually quite straightforward pop harmonies, but the production and instrumental work is front and center on this album.  A frequent device throughout the album was the layering of dissonant guitars over the basic groove, and I always wanted this kind of guitar-playing to come more to the fore, but maybe that's just me.Out of the 12 tracks, a few stood out to me.  I wish more of the album was like the opening track, "Away".  The structure of the track is very cool and you're in a totally different sonic space by the end, and I wish more tracks were dynamic like this.  "Somebody's Watching" stood out by making me uncomfortable.  With the release of this album coinciding with the summer of discovering some of the extent of U.S. surveillance, it's a cool idea for a song to respond to somebody watching by encouraging someone to "keep on (something i can't reference on amazon), babe".  Sure, sure, if that's your scene I bet you'd dig this song.  "Dead Film Star" was straightforward harmonically, but with such a driving groove that you had to get into it.  I feel like it would KILL in a live performance- I guess it's no surprise that it's the first single off the album.  "All We Left Behind" had this wonderful moment about 2:30 in where the drums come in.  It was such a gratifying change in the texture and it stood out to me as a kind of moment I wished had happened a lot more on this album.All in all for me: a little static, a little weird, but I'm glad I listened and I think you would be too.
Nora Struthers is indeed a lovely singer, although I'm not sure what makes distinctive. I heard a lot of Dixie Chicks in the sound and think its fairly typical Nashville-country-folk. A lot of people love her, I just don't think I'm one of them.
I heard this on our local radio station and i really liked the sinners get ready song. This must have been redone for radio as the CD did not match. So i was a little disappointed by that; but this is a good album. Very different from todays music. i would recommend.
This album is ok just like all New Trust albums. Songs are faced paced and the lyrics have depth and meaning.But if you want unrivalled beauty on an album go to the lead singer's other band the Velvet Teen. &#34;Out of the Fierce Parade&#34; is a top 10 ever album for me. And &#34;Elysium&#34; is also very high on the list. I hope they put out more stuff like that...
I really liked Yuck, but I really wish they would have just stayed together.  This lacks some of the punch and thoughtfulness of Yuck.
Fever Dream I really like, but as far as the rest of the songs go, not so much. Maybe they will grow on me with time.
Here we have Hatred Surge's new 2013 release titled "Human Overdose".In the past, Hatred Surge has played a powerviolence style of music with some grind influences. On this release, they have gone to pretty much straight-up metallic grindcore. The first song is a lame intro and the second song isn't the fastest. But after that, strap yourself in for a fast ride as the songs start flying by.Expect lots of blast beats with a few slower sludgy parts thrown in. I enjoyed listening to this piece. My only complaint is the vocals are a little muddy. They seem to get lost a little in the mix, and re-appear on the bonus tracks.The CD version is released by the great Rescued From Life Records and contains bonus tracks that apparently aren't on the LP version on Iron Lung. The bonus tracks have a different production (for the better, I think). They do a cover of "Like Rats" by Godflesh. I am not a big Godflesh fan but I happen to really like that song.Hatred Surge has put out a lot of material, but this is only their 2nd official full length. I recommend picking it up if you are into extreme underground tunes.- Jay in Texas ~ soundofwhitenoise . com
It is a solid song that could use a little more emotional push given the heart ache potentially involved with the topic.
I'm giving this 3 stars because this artist had the courage to put her stuff out there. Vocals need work. Music is pretty straightforward.  Song comes together well, but you can tell this is an early work.
I mainly purchased the cd for the song I don't want to know.  After watching the video several times  which was very good-I knew I needed to down load all the songs. I also like Cheyenne Jackson as an actor as well.  there were a few songs I didn't care for at first but by the 3rd time of listening to them they sound great!
Nothing sadder than to say of anyones's work: It could have been better. Maybe the next time... if there is one
This just another fine (cd) Album PLEASE check out track 6 fast hand i think besttrack on (CD) album becoming big fan of Cody Jinks
This is a self-published album by a group calling themselves "RooTs". It is NOT an album by the (more famous and successful band) "The Roots"!
This grouping also has the sound, tempo and feel of 60s bands.  If you are into that sound, then you will like this.
Not really my personal taste in music, so my review is kind of biased. It's okay, but not a personal favorite.
Nothing jumped out and grabbed me, but a few nice tracks. Seems we've hit saturation in music, nothing new or breakout here.
Can't beat the price, but it's uneven to say the least.
Nice mix of contemporary country artists. Though if tracks three and five didn't include the little twang they had, they would fall more into the Indie category.  These are all laid back, slower country songs. They all have good qualitys. Check them out and see if you become a fan.
To add a little perspective, I found myself getting over this album very quickly. On first listen it sounded like it had more variety than Pure or Jagged, and the sublime Love Hurt Bleed took it to new heights, but after a couple of weeks I realised that it seems more diverse because there is more filler on it than on Pure or Jagged. It is definitely worth owning, especially if you like Pure, Jagged and Dead Son Rising. Just don't expect it to be better than those.
After learning of the video for "The Fox", my daughter wanted a copy of the song.  This was just what shse wanted.  It is a different version from the video, but just a catchy and fun.  Warning, the song gets stuck in your mind and you may end up humming/singing it all day.Not the best song I have heard recently, but enjoyable all the same.
The love the song and bought it for my 4-year old grandson; however, it would have been much more appreciated if it had the video with the song, and could be copied to a DVD so my grandson could watch it anytime!Now he has to sit by my computer and just listen to the song; not seeing it in action!
Too much reverb.Too many angelic choirs.Too enya-esque.Too many strings.While this does make for a product that kinda sticks in your eardrums--like candy would in your teeth--it is too inanely sweet to measure up to Vienna's previous more grown-up, serious efforts.
I really want to see Joshua James in concert.  His videos show his passion, which is what I really like about him!  This CDf is just OK, but still good and I do listen to tracks now and then.  My son is a musician so I can completely understand how difficult it is to produce a lot of music and have everybody like it.  It is really tough being an artist!!!  But, thanks Joshua James, for your passion and art.  Maybe one day I can introduce you to my teenage musician son (Jason Matkin - [...]).  I have told him that your passion is a great example of why we all love music.  He is doing his best to cultivate the same in every performance.
I was impressed by the music on this compilation, as out of 67 songs, I only deleted 2, found 13 that I really liked, about 27 that I thought were pretty good and the rest were ok to meh. Of the ones I really liked were Breaking Like the Sun, Yellow Lines, Humans, Two for the Road, Animal (reminded me of the Motels),  Adagio, Where the Sounds of Nature Dwell, Fil De Soie, Angel from Montgomery, on Blondes and Detectives, Volvere' and Carpe Diem. There are many different genres represented here and it is well worth downloading.
Have gotten several of these free samplers and there are some songs I like and some I don't, I've been able to find good artist I had not listened to before and am now a fan of . Worth getting for free not sure I would pay for these type recordings
Generally people mistake interesting for good. It's interesting stuff, but that doesn't make it good. Not a bad release, but there's definitely some reasons you haven't heard of some of this stuff.
Indie music has always been hit or miss for me and I suspect for most people.  Some of it is fantastic and about a third of the songs on this compilation appealed to me enough to download them here.  Some of the artists are good enough I may hunt them down to give them my money.But as always with these sorts of things, there are some genres glaring by their absence.  That techno and dance are represented at all is a nice element I wasn't initially expecting, though there is no metal of any sort, or anything I'd really call hard rock even though a couple songs are billed that way.  I guess I define genres differently.So the highlights for me:Suzanna Choffel's Animal reminds me of something Edie Brickell would do if she'd been asked to write a song for an old 1950s sci-fi show.Barry Blue Berry by Boxtop Jenkins is billed as a children's song, but it's surprisingly entertaining even for an adult.  Probably says more about me than the song, though.Both blues and dance tracks were nice surprises as was Veneno by Bang Data.Band of Skulls has a great fuzzy guitar and their track seems to blend blues, grunge and alt rock in a way I haven't heard since the Kills (Dead Weather misses most of what makes the Kills great, I feel, but BoS seems to have it).But my favorites are Heard Your Name by Lucky Tubb, Jorge Grundman's cello-friendly classical track, and the Steel Wheels Rain in the Valley.At any rate, that's not everything I liked, but I'm already falling into list territory and that's rarely helpful.  Take the time to click through the samples and you're likely to find at least a few gems.
Various artists with some good songs and some ....well, let's just say avant garde.  There is something for everyone here.
Let's start with this; I have been following Fahl's career since the first release of The October Project, and I have never been left down by her vocal skill, either live or on record. Her reinterpretation of &#34;Dark Side of the Moon&#34; was nothing less than brilliant.From that perspective, however, the material on this release does her no justice.It's all pretty pedestrian, unchallenging stuff - it's nice to hear Fahl again, but it almost feels rote and uninspired. What I had hoped would be an album on constant rotation in my collection has instead ended up barely touched in her archive folder. I will continue to enjoy her live appearances, and look forward to her next release - should one come. If it does, I hope that the material will live up to her abilities as an excellent and unique voice.
a great voice but not a great recording. the recording really does her voice an injustice. A real let down.
The first few tracks are solid and driving, but all in all it feels like a studio prodded effort as some of the tracks get pretty repetitive and it feels like they are just filling time until it can be called an LP then shoving it out the door.
Marietta&#8217;s biggest problem is their confidence level and need to make their sound more unique and personal. The similarities between The World Is and Marietta are almost identical. And although this is a fairly good album, Summer Death lacks the creativity to make it theirs. However I still found myself enjoying the songs and even more so the song titles.Just like The World is a Beautiful Place, vocals by Marietta in cinco de Mayo S*** Show, Deck Wine, and Ever is a Long Time (Ever is No Time At All are a lot shakier than they should be and make the songs sound really panicked. Another problem that I have is with God Bless Eric Taylor because the intro is pretty messy and confusing but the chorus saves the song.Summer Death has some awesomely smooth bass parts that give the whole album a nice feel. The female backup singer in Cinco de Mayo S*** Show has such a lovely voice that if quieter, could have rocked it. You&#8217;ve Got the Map Backwards, Matt is a very personal song with a soft, enchanting intro and a beautiful build-up that isn&#8217;t rushed. The drumming and guitar riffs are quite well done throughout the album. But, by far, F***, Dantooine is Big is their best song. The song is very raw with the bass, guitar and vocals all complimenting each other in the best way possible.Overall, Summer Death is a solid album that I think will gain the band a lot of followers. In my opinion, their best songs are &#8230;So They Left Me at a Gas Station, You&#8217;ve Got the Map Backwards, Matt, and F***, Dantooine is Big. Their passion and inspiration are very strong and intense which are the reason why I can&#8217;t wait for Marietta to come out with something else. Their next album will be nothing but great.
The first question here has to be "why" ? Anyway, first, `I Could Have Been Your Girl' - anybody that has `Volume 3' doesn't need this, it sounds like a demo for the definitive version which is on the album, it's superior in every way.Of the 4 songs here only `Shadow of Love' could be argued to benefit from a quieter, more subtle version, otherwise spend your money on `Volume 3' it's all already on there and done much better.Zooey Deschanel is a very gifted songwriter though, and all these songs are solid pieces of work. She definitely has it in her to compose a standard.
Wow, there is a huge spectrum of styles on this CD for a &#34;Singer/Songwriter & Country sampler!First there is &#34;Snow Falls Down Like London&#34; by Alyssa Bonagura which is a very nice little song like I would expect to hear on a &#34;singer/songwriter&#34; album then you find tracks that vary in style  like &#34;Even in Hastings&#34; by Ash Casino (Who sounds a little like Elvis Costello to me) to &#34;I'll Drink to That&#34;  by Taylor Michael, which sounds like it could easily be heard on CMT's top 20, April Kelly's synthesizer heavy &#34;Always Be With You&#34; to the final track Cacadou's &#34;Bearhunting&#34; which sounds like a wierd mix of polka and bluegrass. I personally didn't find any standout tracks but because it's free and does have such a wide variety you may want to get it and give it a listen.If you're looking for some really good singer/songwriter samplers then I strongly recommend checking out Mishara Music's free samplers also available here on Amazon.
Nachtmahr makes fine hard industrial dance music but this album is not great.  If you like the croaking vocals of Rammstein and the music of God Module this may move you but don't buy it until you have listened to a bunch of tracks. While there is nothing wrong with this album, there is nothing new here and I found it to be rather dull.  The rhythms are not particularly complex and nearly none of the songs have hooks that will pull you to your feet. Chaos is the strongest track here so give it a listen.
I first heard of this group through Amazon's &#34;free music from artists on the rise&#34; feature. I loved the song &#34;Same Side&#34; and previewed the others. I decided to buy the album and have not been disappointed. The Casket Girls' music is spacey, airy, ethereal, and poppy. If you're into this type of music, I'd recommend it.
the delivery service and time of arrivel were fine.  i just didn't care that much about the cd.  it three or four songs i liked the i didn't.  i had no problem with the co.
New 4-song EP from Massachusetts band continues on their path of indie noise/guitar crunchrock with grooves that are tight & terse.  The aggressive style melds equal parts of melody andcacophony into a seamlessly potent blast of jagged, angular art/spazz pop splatter.  Similaritiesto the Pixies, Helium, Chavez, St. Vincent, early Blonde Redhead.
If you like good music check them out. Reminds me of the days of Dinsoaur Jr and Sebadoh and Superchunk. Would fit right there with them on that bill. If you like those groups give this one a try. Also, this seems to be the year of the female lead. I've bought more records with female leads in it this year than the past five years or more combined.
Was able to get this album for free with an offer from Amazon.There were a couple of songs I liked but just wasn't an artistI would listen too.
The rhythm guitar parts on this album are absolutely awesome.  The lead guitar work on this album is also absolutely awesome.  Jeff and Keith are incredible guitarists.  Sometimes, however, the concurrent rhythm and lead guitar parts on this album are a little much.  It's almost as though they cancel each other out.  Too much going on at the same time.
This was easily Stavesacre's weakest studio album. It has some highlights, but musically it sounds timid and uninspired compared to Absolutes and Speakeasy. If this is your only exposure to this band, you are missing out. Go listen to any of their other albums because they are some of my all-time favorites.
Raleigh Richie's Black and Blue Point Two EP are remixes of songs from his Black and Blue,The Middle Child ep's plus there's a new song &#34;chased&#34; that hasn't appeared on either album. My favorites off here are overdose & stay inside.
How can you argue against great lyrics that honor and praise the King, right?  Yet I found myself taking CfaN worship songs out of the most honored playlists because the recording quality and performances are simply not on par with Hillsong, Tomlin and the others at the top of Christian workship music.  A great producer would take this group to the next level.
Throngs of new female-fronted rock and metal bands put out albums each year. Divided We Fall is one of those many newcomers for 2014. Apparently the symphonic metal band was a surprise hit at this year&#8217;s Dames Of Darkness Festival in their native United Kingdom. So, when a friend who attended the show recommended that I check out Divided We Fall&#8217;s full-length debut album Dreamcrusher, I figured, &#8220;Why not?&#8221; Every band is worth a listen, regardless of your opinions afterwards.Dreamcrusher offers a hybrid of dark rock and jack-hammering metal, with lighter elements that steal the spotlight. Philippa Ricketts&#8217;s pleasant, cadent voice sashays between the riffs and keyboards, which range from Transylvanian organs to synth-strings to music-box-like notes. This emphasis on atmosphere and melody softens Divided We Fall&#8217;s sound to create an accessible rock / metal balance. This approach may explain why Divided We Fall reminds me of Armonight, an up-and-coming Italian band I covered for Sonic Cathedral a couple years ago. The only difference is that Divided We Fall leans on the heavier side in terms of guitarwork and moods.For the most part, Dreamcrusher is defined by its saturating atmospheres, Philippa&#8217;s vocals, and the brisk pace maintained from start to finish. The title track is a rousing introduction, with eddies of guitars and keys swirling at a fluid clip and Philippa giving her most affecting performance on the album. The rest of Dreamcrusher shows different angles of Divided We Fall&#8217;s sound: organ-tinged omens (&#8220;Revenge&#8221;), guitar-centric surrenders (&#8220;Fight For Love&#8221;) smooth uptempo ballads (&#8220;Dream My Life Away&#8221;), and semi-symphonic twists on fairy tales (&#8220;Escaping Wonderland&#8221;), to name a few. Closing instrumental &#8220;Departure&#8221; is the album&#8217;s only true ballad, alighting with lyrical keys before the other instruments slip in.I can understand how Divided We Fall&#8217;s music may appeal to fans of female-fronted rock and metal, but Dreamcrusher doesn&#8217;t do much to excite me. The songs are pleasing to the ear but not particularly catchy despite the band&#8217;s melodic nature. Some elements seemed out of place, too. (Why include operatic vocals on just one song out of ten?) And while I normally try to avoid commenting on mix quality when reviewing unsigned bands (most don&#8217;t have the finances or connections to get a first-rate sound mixer), Dreamcrusher could have benefitted from a generally better mix. The keys repeatedly wash out the guitars, while the fade-out endings are too abrupt and occur surprisingly often for a rock/metal band.All that said, imperfection should be expected on a band&#8217;s debut disc. And while Divided We Fall need to hone their songwriting and fine-tune their sound, they have succeeded in creating a distinct, energetic style. Listeners can detect influences from Evanescence, Delain, Within Temptation, and Kamelot if they concentrate hard enough. But calling Divided We Fall anyone&#8217;s copycat would be an insult to a vision that does show glimmers of promise. I wouldn&#8217;t recommend Dreamcrusher to those craving the cream of the &#8220;femme metal&#8221; crop. However, it makes a decent &#8220;gateway&#8221; album for metal newbies who might prefer something lighter and more melodic to start.Highlights: &#8220;Dreamcrusher,&#8221; &#8220;Dream My Life Away,&#8221; &#8220;Escaping Wonderland&#8221;
I mainly got the album because I enjoy her performances and the few songs I have seen her perform. It's an enjoyable album nonetheless