Greg MacPherson is a talented folk singer/songwriter. This EP is worth owning for his version of The Clash song, Bankrobber. It is by far the best version of the song I've ever heard. As for the rest of the album, I can take it for what it is and I enjoy his fantastic voice. Check out his full length LP.
Just happened upon this album randomly a little while back and thought "Wow - ST released an album in '00? I thought they had cashed out in '94 after the lukewarm "Suicidal for Life" album..."  I figured it would - at the very least - be something I could pump iron to in the gym, so I purchased the download and threw it onto my mp3 player.  I used to be a huge fan of these guys going back to the "Institutionalized" thrash days, through the metal-edged "Lights...Camera...Revolution!" and even into the trippy and progressive "Art of Rebellion"...  I must say - this album was a pleasant surprise, fusing elements of their past styles with some funky dashes of front-man Mike Muir's side-band "Infectious Grooves". On the shuffle I still dig when a track from this album comes on, so that's a good thing.
Got the album just to get a song from Burn Notice (the TV series).  Little did I expect the whole album to be so great.  A little unknown gem here with Jessy Greene...
I really love this album, it's so smooth, happy and fun.  I discovered it only about 2 days ago when it a song was featured in NPR's "Song of the Day".Anyways, Jeremy Messersmith's website has a deal going where you name your own price for an album download.  So save yourself some money and head over there to download.  :-)
I am not sure if this is a groundbreaking record but it is still quite amazing. Its soft and sweet and warm like a sweater in the middle of a cold winter day. Jeremy sure knows how to write a song that soothes you while he sings about sadness and misfortune. Beautiful children is a stand out track to me. Musically but especially lyrically. Just amazing.
It's good music to keep the energy level up while jamming out at something else. Don't pay too much mind to it, rather, put it on and let it ride. Reminds me of the soundtrack to the Burnout 3 video game on PS2. Any song on this album could replace any song in that game with few exceptions.
I just discovered these guys on Spotify this morning and glad I did.  I have been searching and searching for true pop punk and found it.  If you like the following bands this is a must have!The LillingtonsThe InvalidsThe QueersThe Beatnik TermitesDan Vapid and the CheatsThe HextallsTeenage Bottle RocketToys That KillI suppose that is enough bands to list.  The tunes and short and super catchy.  Must have!
I'm really, really fond of the first disc, Latex Empire's "Waveland".  It's repetitive, loopy, acidy goodness.  Think the rave scene from "Blade".  Not particularly innovative or anything, but highly listenable.  Despite the compilation tag, this is not really trance.  (Not that there's anything wrong with that.)The second is Holophonia's "Psych-O-Range", which is not at all bad.  It's much more trance-influened, and also quite listenable.  It doesn't go the path of epic trance, sticking to a more (per the album name) psychedelic side, with its dark, industrial/EBM touches.The last disc is Future Trance Trax, a Hypnotic compilation.  It's got its moments (Giez's "I'm a Hero"), but I haven't listened to it in a few years, whereas the other two I still do.It was a pleasant surprise to see this available for MP3 download here.  I hope this helps you decide if this is something you want.
So you don't kow this and it maybe it doesn't matter...but this theme was inspired by autovoice detection software recording vacuum cleaners. So this is generated from ether...blows my mind.
Dope as hell...This music has an even flow with awesome acoustic guitar rhythms and vibes throughout. A huge and monumental big album for the too. This is for sure one of my favorites by The Expendables and recommend it to anyone getting into this band and possible further into
This is a good anthology of the group early music. The listener is able to take in all of the groups influences from Blues, Jazz, R&B, to the local sounds of JA.
Great CD, as if he would make a bad album.  Captain Marvel is great, as is Dear Georgie.  Buy it, download it, borrow it, or steal it from a rich guy.
I bought this cd when it first came out back in 1997. Don't ask me how I came across it, I don't have the slightest clue. This is a pretty good cd overall, however I'm not really surprised it didn't make it big. The sound isn't trendy enough to cater to the heavier stuff that made it to the  radio, but if you like hard rock that has heavy industrial tone to it, then it's worth listening to. The bands that it reminds me the closest of would be Nine Inch Nails and Gravity Kills.I know this isn't too helpful of a review, but hope it points you in the right direction
I really enjoy this album. To be honest, it's nothing too special, but the sound appeals to me.  I like to listen to it when I'm doing homework and need to have something going on in the background. They remind me most of Butcher Boy, but calmer, and with fewer instruments.  The cellist plays mainly on the very low notes, which is awesome.
Execution Style is the peak of SA's long evolution. True songs from the gutter by true rnr ground pounders. Long live Tony Urso and SA!
All Natural Inc is the collective lead by Chicago group All Natural (Capital D and Tone B Nimble). This cd has two of my favorite songs to come from the Inc (Off the Track + Still Water). I would recommend this album if you like Chicago hip-hop
I bought it because I knew one of the songs (In the Dark) and I like the rest just as much. It's a kind of haunting, mellow sound.
Damn good noise if you ask me.  Good beats, and great use of imagination.squirrel
After finding so much great music from Deep Elm's No.8 "Bonfire Of Trust" sampler, I was a little disappointed at first with this one, not only because the previews didn't excite me much, but also because after a little research I discovered that there isn't any current music here...many of the bands have left the label or aren't currently active, and the offerings from the groups Free Diamonds, Settlefish, and Small Arms Dealer aren't from their latest albums even though they're still with Deep Elm.  The songs here are from 2005, 2006, or 2007 except for The Appleseed Cast's "Reaction", which is from 2001 (they are no longer with Deep Elm).  Now, considering this is free, I stopped being picky for just enough time to realize that most of these songs aren't half bad, and some are just plain super.To my surprise, even with the variety and different production teams, this sampler has a very good flow to it, mainly because the styles of most of the bands are similar.  There's a lot more here than "screamo" punk however, which was a misguided first impression. Yes, there are many sections of songs with loose, ragged, slightly out-of-tune vocals, but the screaming is more on the "I'm passionate about my music" side than that of heavy metal's style of screaming (not that those bands aren't passionate about their music).Some highlights:  "The Greatest" starts off with a nice, ambient vibe, and the driving guitars and great drumming back up a trance-like melody based on a 3 note repeating section.  "Paint Your Target" starts off with a clean guitar intro, then a huge scream, and the power, excellent musicianship and Alex Westaway's edgy but extremely melodic vocal lines make this my favorite overall song (even with a section of heavy screaming).I mention the screaming so much because I've never been a big fan of any music that has it, but the songs here that have it actually have opened my mind a little more about the positive impact it can have on a rock song when tastefully done.At first I thought "The World Is Going To Hell" was an instrumental, because it takes almost 2 minutes before vocals come in.  But this song has it all...atmospheric guitar parts, power with a shouting single note vocal chorus, clean, melodic, softer breaks with the lyric "You're All Apart Of The Scenery To Me".  Very nice.The faster or more classic style punk songs include "Water Manes At The Block's End", and "Video Games...", by Latterman,  "It Was Bliss" by Settlefish, and "Scumbagsville, CT" by Small Arms Dealer.  "Morals And Dogma has some grunge characteristics to it, and "Anky Fremp" by Flanders is more straightforward rock (not like the Flanders of today, with its House/Electronica Dance style).  A couple of tunes are more laid-back, like "Assisted Living", with its reserved vocals, strings, guitar picking and gymnasium drums, and the piano-based "Last Night's Floor".  The bass guitar-driven "Blind Boys" is one song I felt didn't have the same vibe as the rest of these songs, and I'm not sure I like the vocals even though they are definitely unique.  "Sunshine In A Shot Glass" has a southern Americana vibe and includes organ and steel guitar and a soaring chorus...definitely one of the highlights here.  "Crush So Sweet" is a very good emo tune.If you're a fan of alternative rock or punk rock, I wouldn't give up on this just by the previews.  And it's a plus that you can download these songs individually rather than having to download it as an entire album...even though it's good enough that I recommend you do.
I'm preparing a "Battle Of The Sexes" set for an event in Orlando, FL. The difficult part is find enough female synth/future pop contenders. Well, The Crystalline Effect dow not disappoint. This is an excellent album from a fairly new arrival. I, for one, like it a lot and look forward to hearing more from this band.
Take a healthy dose of My Bloody Valentine and Treasure-era Cocteau Twins, sprinkle with a bit of Lush and Curve and top off with subtle electronics and unintrusive dance beats and you pretty much have A Sunny Day In Glasgow.  It's a fresh re-invention of those shoegaze bands from the early 90's but a touch more dancier with a bit more haze and shimmer, and slightly more experimental. My favorite tracks are A Mundane Phonecall... and Lists, Plans.  If you were a fan of the myriad shoegaze bands back in the day and are looking for a new take on it, I suggest picking this up now. You won't be disappointed.
The first time I heard this CD, it reminded me a bit of older Clan Of Xymox. This CD has good song writing, good vocals, and a dark feel without being too dark.
I saw them perform at Lollapolooza and was really impressed.  I recommend taking a listen!
This was the second part of the purchase and like it as much as the first. So far so good. Only listened to it a few times but liking it up to this point.
Acumen Nation are an aggressive industrial metal band with some cool synth hooks and explicit lyrics. Male fronted, verry masculine, verry dark and heavy. IMO, this is the best album by this band....I love it! For fans of Chemlab, Ministry, Nine Inch Nails, 16 Volt, and Pig.
I think of myself as  knowing all the obscure power pop bands from all over the world. I read a review of some other band recently and the reviewer mentioned "Even," so I looked them up.Where were they hiding? This band is amazing (although I think their most recent album is weak). I have added 5 of their albums to my wish list (2 of them I cannot find on Amazon). I will be sure to pick all of these up over the next few weeks.I am not saying this band is a must for every collection (because I do not know what YOU like), but if you are into the jangly guitar, melodic power pop, this will fit right on.When you listen to an album just once and it doesn't have to grow on you, that's when I know I have found a gem.
33 by The Heads reminds me of a  modernA Saucerful of Secretsby Pink Floyd. More specifically, Floyd's title track.The Heads album does not have "songs" or lyrics, but is a sheet of beating drums and guitar, which create waves of sound with a good deal of effects and improvisation. The whole album is basically a free-form jam, but is organized enough to be effective, without aimless meandering.I  have this on vinyl, fortunately: each side ends with the last groove of the record repeating itself, creating almost a "second album" with its looping soundscape.
Awesome organ-heavy surf tunes from the Mid-west! Rockabilly fans should recognize the tall, slightly balding guitar player on the left of the cover - it's retro-rock god Derek "Deke" Dickerson (as he is credited on this album). Fans of Deke's more surf oriented stuff should eat this up.
I loved this album from top to bottom. Jennifer's voice reminds me of the 1990's riot grrrl bands, but even better. I am a huge L7 fan and thought this album tops anything they have ever done. The cover of Body Count's "Body Count" is also great.
saw these dudes in 2003 at a house party show in Austin TX, with SXSW. Fun, and quirky-- don't judge the album straight away, instead relax, have fun, and then love it the third time you hear it.
This is a great record, and I was glad to find it. Unfortunately the sound quality is note very good, and the last few tracks tend to &#34;skip.&#34;
hello,this is one group that likes to rock and they sound  better live then they do  in the studio, i highly recommend this album, if you like all man brothers,, or metalica or just good ole rock music listen to the super suckers
This was a pretty rad little album. I only got it on an mp3 album download because it's cheaper than a disc by about $10 not to mention shipping costs. It's a great album for a hockey fan who's especially fond of The Philly Flyers. I  like to leave it playing in my girlfriends car since she's a penguins fan and I'm a flyers fan. The download was simple an easy, and the installment of the Amazon Cloud players has brought me no problems.
Bobby Burg's(member of Joan of Arc and Make Believe) Love of Everthing may seem like it'd be eclisped by Joan of Arc, but at times LoE seems as powerful if not more than JOA in the sense of a catchy pop song. Bobby's voice may be an aquired taste for some though. He's descrbed as boy-ish by some or toy instruments with adult themes and situations. Lyrically Burg comes up with some cool one-liners with some druggy themes, sexual, relationship, anger, and who even knows(like early Joan of Arc). Though the lyrics hardly matter with the melodies and atmospheric keyboard that seems to go beyond atmospheric as a back bone like in the two opening tracks.  There's a lot of great hooks in this lo-fi pop album that reminds me of GbV a little bit.The album has a great cohesion to it starting off with fun keyboard tunes(Hotel Parties) and the middle is more mellow experimental ballads(Possible Possibilities) to rocking at the end (I Love All You Guys fast).
This is actually a reissue of two 80s comp LPs: "You Can't Argue With Sucksess" (82) and "Clockwork Orange Country" (c.85). "Sucksess" was one of my favorite punk LPs because of one band: NUCLEAR BABY FOOD. That their song "sex fix" did not an underground hit is one of the great injustices of the CA punk scene! Their other tracks, "Dad's growing older" and "suburbia" are melodic atmosphearic punk that foreshadowed gret this in their future. Unfortunately, they didn't have one! To the best of my research Baby Food only released thee three songs. No 45s, no other comp appearences, nothing! Other goods: F Troop, Red Beret, Secrete Hate (who did some good stuff on the "Hell Comes Tou Your House" comp) and Even Worse.The "Clockwork Orange" comp isn't bad. These mid 80s cuts showcase the not-too-well documented period when punk was becoming "college rock" and "alternative". Best moment: the Cramps-alike "zit on Boy George's face" by PSYCOTIC FUNGUS.Anyhoo, I was overjoyed when I saw this Disc existed simply because it immortallized Nuclear Baby Food on CD. Too bad the liner notes said nothing about that band (or any of the bands, for that matter). If anone knows anything about Nuclear Baby Food- ie did they record ANYTHING else, did the members go on to bigger n better things- please add a comment below. Or email me at lloyd3@ix.netcom.com.
I was introduced to Friends of Dean Martinez while watching the excellent documentary Plagues and Pleasures on the Salton Sea.  FODM provided the score for the movie and it instantly caught my ear. The music can be described as western desert post apocalyptic surf lounge punk instrumental.  Instead of vocals, a lap steel guitar provides a unique sound that mixes well with the rest of the band.  I will admit that this type of music will not appeal to every listener, but this disc features tracks from several of their releases and is a good place to start.  I bought the digital version and thus missed out on the bonus disc featuring a live concert.
After about three listens I cannot believe I completely missed Hammerhead and this album fifteen years ago. This is one fine album, incredibly well executed with some crazy catchy riffs and song structure.
This album is a must for any fan of Oi! or rock-and-roll in general. Fantastic songs and great performance quality.
I enjoy both of these bands a lot. Be warned, though, these were recorded live, not studio recordings. The recordings are fine.
on first listen the songs sounded kind of generic to me , but repeat listenings brought me around to really digging this recordingnothing fancy here but is good classic sounding surf guitar  -  many of the songs quote parts of old classic tunes by the surfaris for example -  i give it four stars
The CD starts with the rather cheesy "My Hands are Tied" in a Radio version, which appears to be aimed at the mass pop market.  The song has no distinctive features, the overall impression is "heard this before, did not like it, don't like it this time round either".The various versions of "Petrified" do a better job.  The "Edit", a slightly modified version of the original track found on "We Collide", is the weakest of the three, with the "Reasonably Priced Mix" being the strongest, featuring a more EBM-like, stomping forward-driving base line with great synths.  The "Claustrophobic Dance Floor Mix" ranks between the 2, being a skillfully crafted dance-floor adaptation of the original.If it were only for these 4 tracks, I would rate this piece a 3, good but certainly not brilliant.What really makes this CD stand out and worth 4 of 5 stars is the unbelievably well done cover version of A23's excellent "Document".  I am a huge fan of Assemblage23, but what Mesh have delivered here easily surpasses the original (and any of the existing remixes on the "Document" EP released in 2003).I usually do not like guitars very much, and am not too excited to see more and more EBM/Future Pop bands put them into their songs (just think Apop).  Nonetheless, Mesh have been rather good in using guitars recently, and in this very song Mesh manage to blend the guitars in with the electronics sound they still do so well that the entire piece gets a wholly new, steamy atmosphere that I cannot help but fall to.The track starts off on a slow, rhythmic pace, completely different from the original's pulsing, dance floor-geared atmosphere.  Mark's wonderful British English gives the song another different touch, with the lyrics coming across very clearly and dominantly.  Suddenly the guitar riffs set in, and when first listening to the song you think "OMG, not another guitar-spammed version of a great song, please".  Surprisingly enough, though, the guitars withdraw for a moment, and instead slightly synthesised vocals come in, leaving a big big question mark behind the earlier judgement.  Then the atmosphere increasingly builds up, and the tension gets unbearable in order to be released by a pretty much rock-like refrain, blowing you away.  It took me a couple of times to come to appreciate the ingeniousness behind this and to realise the full beauty of the construct.  Mesh have transformed this song into one of their own, and certainly one of their greatest, on par with the best on "We Collide".
This is your ticket to experience something similar in the modern era. Turn the lights off and blast it.
I admit having a spot in my heart for some of the 80's revival music that has come out in recent years, but certainly not all. I also have been keeping track of several of the up and coming British bands, and this is how I came across Dragons.Here Are the Roses is Dragons' premier release, and from the first listen starting with the title track, it was a journey much reminiscent of Joy Division and New Order (also toss in a bit of Depeche Mode for variety), but yet the band maintains a uniqueness that also sets them apart while still giving a nod to their influences."Here Are the Roses" is one of the greatest songs I have heard in quite some time, the rhythmic base and early 80'esque synthesizers that soon have the song kicking into high gear with throttling guitars, machine gun drums and the beautifully melancholy voice and lyrics of Anthony Tombling Jr.Other gems on this album include the dark and reflective "Remembrance", the sweet and staccato "Lonely Tonight", Tombling summoning the ghost of Ian Curtis in "Trust" while taking a bow to Dave Gahan in "Treasure". The album closes with "Forever" a heart-string pulling ballad that leaves the 80's alternative influences of the band present in the rest of the album behind and goes 80's mainstream.All in all Dragons' premier effort is an outstanding and tight album that manages to pay tribute to noticeable influences without becoming overtly derivative. Really my only complaint lies with the name of the band, one that is shared by many others in some variation (past and present), leading to potential confusion if one were to look them up for the first time. At any rate you cannot go wrong with this album, and should be a joy to listen to for older fans, who remember the influences present, and younger fans alike. For those wishing to give Dragons a closer look, check out their Myspace page at:[...]
it pains me a great deal to think just how criminally ignored this brilliant band/CD is by our world :-[
Awww so old school now they're on their 5th one. Lovely album if you want to dig deeper into the roots of this band and their hormonal teenage incarnation.
This is a preliminary review but I think it's best to get out my initial impressions because DJ Keltech is almost unknown in the USA (or "the states" if you speak the Queen's English).  I am by no means a music expert, just an interested observer with an informed opinion.DJ Keltech is a master of both scratch and production and this album is a testament to that.What appears to divide popular scratch/production masters of the USA (X-Ecutioners, DJ Q-Bert, DJ Green Lantern, etc.) from DJ Keltech is that Keltech's style appears to settle further from hip-hop and more in the dance/techno realm.  Songs like 'Bionic Breaker', 'Cerveza and Olives', and 'Speaking With My Hands' typify DJ Keltech's predominate dance/techno style in which he impeccably maintains a level of production high enough to compete with the reigning genre masters (Crystal Method, Chemical Brothers, etc.).All of the songs on Strike Back are brimming with clever samples, fast scratches and flawless mixing.  The song which stands out the most to me is "Pimp My Horse" as it appears to be the most innovative without being overly dancy.  "Plucking Hell" is also one of my favorites though far more traditional and hip-hop sounding but unrelenting in scratch and sampling.The only low point of Strike Back is the overtly hip-hop songs ('My Conscience', 'Dream Weaver') which sound a bit forced and uninspired, perhaps because they try too hard to mix dance and hip-hop.  The beats are still far superior to 99% of the hip-hop scene in the USA today but not quite par in spitting.  I must admit though I form this opinion never having listened to much British hip-hop and having a high affinity for Wu-Tang Clan, RJD2, Artifacts, etc..  Nevertheless the aforementioned low point can hardly be considered a pitfall in an otherwise very impressive album.It's important to note that the MP3 version of this album does not appear to be complete so I'd suggest seeking out the actual CD version if you're a fan.
After The Burial are smart fellows. They even know their math! The following is an explanation of the writing process for their song "Pi":Pi was written and recorded only a few days before the completion of the Master copy, at around 10 am, with a couple of serious hangovers. Justin and I had talked about having a classical guitar intro into some sort of heavier riffage, but we weren't quite sure what that was exactly going to be.We remembered back to a few weeks prior, when we were throwing around an idea of using the mathematical constant Pi, and incorporating it into some sort of complex breakdown pattern where the kick drum corresponded to each number as the figure progressed. Kinda creating the ultimate mind boggler of a riff. The complexity of the intro is often overheard, because it's hard to discern what is actually going on within the track, UNTIL NOW!!Here's a breakdown of the....um, breakdown, in the intro to our album, "Pi: The Mercury God Of Infinity"The actual tempo is 120 beats per minute (bpm). You can hear this by listening for the closed hi-hat that is panned left: it is playing constant eighth-notes.The snare is on beat three in 4/4 time at 120 bpm.A crash cymbal accents beat one of the first measure in 4/4. It is repeated every four measures.Now this is where it gets tricky: the china cymbal.It's hard to feel the breakdown in Pi at 120 bpm, and this is mostly due to the china cymbal, which is playing a 4 over 3 (4/3) dotted-eighth note ostinato that begins on the "E" of one.Confused?Check it out: A quarter note is equal to one beat in 4/4 time, but so are two eighth notes, or 4 sixteenth notes. It's all about subdividing note values.When you count a measure of 4/4 in quarter notes, it's: 1, 2, 3, 4.When counting in eighth notes, it's: 1 + 2 + 3 + 4 +. (a plus sign refers to the spoken count "and" ex. "One and two and three and four and")When counting in sixteenths, it's: 1 E + A 2 E + A 3 E + A 4 E + A. (Spoken: "One e and a two e and a three e and a four e and a)So when I say the china starts on the "E" of one, I'm referring to the spoken counting value assigned to the second 16th note in a quarter note duration.A dotted eighth note is a duration of three 16th notes, an ostinato is a persistently repeated pattern. Basically, the china plays on the bold-capitalized letters:one E and a TWO e and A three e AND a four E and a ONE e and A etc.Starting to get it? Cool.At last, the reason Pi is what it is: the Double-bass pattern.The formula of Pi for the kick drum was pretty far fetched at first, but seemed to work well once the track was finished. The numbers and rests in the formula translate to 16th notes on the kick drum, and 16th note rests. There is no kick drum beats where there are snare drums. Sooo, here it is:With the decimal point BEFORE the number, and starting with the first number, move that many decimal points to the right and insert that many 16th note rests. Use one 16th note rest to divide the numbers you passed (when applicable). Continue on throughout the rest of the figure. No repeats.So basically for the first step, you'd place the point (pt) before the first number, three: (pt)3.14159265Next you jump the decimal three points to the right: 3.14(pt)159265That's where you insert three 16th rests, and insert one 16th note rest between the other numbers you passed: 3(16th rest)1(16th rest)4(dotted-eighth)159265Now, your decimal lies in between the 4 and the 1. So, following the formula, you move one point to the right of the 1 and insert one 16th note rest. There are no numbers to separate with single 16th rests, so you move onto the next number, which is 5, and follow the same instructions.That's all there is to it! The formula extends out to 71 decimal points.
This is the only album you need to get by the Pork Dukes......it has everything they have done that is worth hearing.
Been a fan of the Pistols since I was a spotty little teenager back in the day, and remain a fan even now that I'm a spot-free, big adult. As such I'm pretty adept at picking up a Pistols tune, even in a noisy room at a hundred paces... I'm hypothesising a fairly big room, obviously.  Listening to this CD, however, in a small and not at all noisy room, I'll be damned if I can pick out any kind of relation between the names of the tracks on this CD and their corresponding Sex Pistols song. They just do not, at all, sound like the tracks they're supposed to be covering.Having said that, if you take the tracks on their own merit, discounting the fact they're supposed to be covers of Pistols tracks, they're pretty good.If you like modernish, upbeat sitar music then I wholly recommend this album.If you want to hear Sex Pistols tunes played in an Indian-style, well, I can't really recommend this CD so much, because you'll be hard pressed to hear any kind of Pistols coming through.In summary, it's a fairly good Sitar Music cd, but The Sex Pistols it isn't.A solid Four Stars.  One star deducted for making me think I was getting a Sex Pistols/Sitar crossover.
I really enjoy the album but could use a wider range..cannot listen to more thsn a few songs at a time.
Good for Archers of Loaf diehards like myself.  Sound quality isn't the greatest.  Not amazons fault though.  Just how it was recorded.  Truly impressive live band.  Wish i could have seen them in person.  Too young :(.  Anyways, worth the purchase if you are a hardcore fan of the band.
This is actually the second version of this now hard to find EP, the first being a red colored vinyl 12" on Interdimensional Industries with 4 tracks. This new CD ep version has more tracks:track listing:01. Untouched (Full Length Original Version)02. Untouched (U.B.E.'s Donuts and Vodka Remix)03. Segue (Instrumental Edit)04. Untouched (Single Edit)05. Divide06. Untouched (H-Geek's Electro Depression Mix)07. Untouched (Club Version)08. Untouched (One Last Time)A lush recording comprising the dancefloor classic "Untouched" featuring backing vocals by Rod Dornian of Mannequin Depressives. This journey through various remixes (H-Geek, UBE) and dark ambient soundscapes will be perfect for dark club DJs and also plays nicely as a solid listening experience.ReleveleR is one Chris Wiebe from Calgary who has a few other releases on Interdimensional Industries: Incipient, Your Flavor ep, Untouched 12".
Nice renditions of this collection of Enya compositions.  Played very straightforwardly and honestly. Sounds good.  A welcome addition one's relaxing music.
Having lived in Chicago and cut my resurgent country teeth there, this brings back so many good memories I can't listen to it without smiling from ear to ear. Add to that the quality of the music and you just can't go wrong.
I am not a country fan, and yet I found that I liked this CD instantly.  The music is fun and certainly breaks the limits of traditional country and the country flavored pop that is now called country.  There are groups on this CD that I have never heard of, and perhaps that is all to the better because these groups are talented and unfettered.  At first listen the music on this CD sounds like traditional bluegrass flavored country.  However, you quickly realize that the words used in many of the lyrics are frequently the type of colorful words that are better suited to a bar or a hockey game than a casual family listen.  Other than the occasional use of four letter words, my initial assessment was that this music sounds like country if The Grateful Dead were going to play country.  Of course, such generalizations are easy but are typically inaccurate.Songs with a faster boogie woogie rhythm include "Way Out West" by Moonshine Willy and "Cigarette State" by Robby Fulks.  There are also songs with a stronger rock influence, such as "Over the Cliff" by Jon Langford's Hillbilly Lovechild and a rock `n' roll sounding "Rockin' Spot" by The Sundowners.There are songs with a bluegrass sound, though sometimes the lyrics are bizarre, like "Tragic Woman" by the Swollen Spleens, "Drunk Friend" by Freakwater, and "Doghouse" by Church Key.  Blues songs are in yet another category, like "Cry Baby" by Wink O'Bannon, "That Truck" by The Texas Rubies, and "You Don't Know What Lonesome Is" by The Sundowners.There are quite a few songs that sound like classic country, for example "Every Kinda Everything" by the Bottle Rockets, "Moving Furniture Around," a very funny song by The Handsome Family, "If She Wasn't on Blocks," another funny song by The New Duncan Imperials, "Suburbia" by The Riptones, "Sucker for a Trucker" by Milly & the Sequins, which also has a rather risqu&eacute; portion, and "Hole in the Ground" by Iggy Yoakum & His Famous Pogo Ponies.  There is even a country flavored instrumental, "Flannel Boogie" by The Flannel Tubs.It is difficult to categorize this music because it is so different from any country that I have previously heard.  It is not traditional country because of the irreverent lyrics.  Certainly it is not rock because of the country style and beat.  There is a lot of humor in many of the songs.  There are also a number of words unsuitable for many family members.  Indeed, this music may be better suited for a rowdy bar than for your home.  The style is frequently classic, and yet it is classic with strong lyrical influences from rock music.The cover of the CD has a line that states, "A Compilation of Insurgent Chicago Country."  I really do not know what that line means, but somehow it fits and I think it says it all.
I got hooked on Octoberman when I heard Merci Cornerstore the first time.It is a really good song.X-pat is another good one.A lot of their other songs are a tad slow for me, but overall if the mood hits - this band fits the bill.
I've had this album on CD for years.  I was really happy to see it in MP3.  Kind of an obscure album, but it continues to grow on me.  This music is different from anything else I have and the songs are definitely one of a kind.  Blue Maroon is still my favorite.  Check this out if you want something fresh and different.
Another review said it right:  purchase this for half the songs.  BUT, I think its a different set of songs than our fellow reviewer that make this purchase worthwhile.I thought that Carla/Etude/Fanfare was as beautifully gentle a piece of music as I can ever recall.  As another has said, it alone was worth the price of the disc.  It is so different from anything I am aware of that Elton has done, and fans of classical music will love it too (as will any fan of beautiful melodies).  The way that moves into Chloe is also sweet.Different from an otherwise brilliant catalogue of music.  A great addition for E.J. fans.  Nobody Wins?  I think not, for those who purchase this one!
In my opinion Elton always did his best work when teamed with Bernie Taupin. When they got back together they didSleeping With the Pastwhich I think was simply brillant! However "The Fox" was an exception to the rule.
"The Fox" is a very good Elton John cd that suffered because he was at a moment of his career when the media and public lost temporary interest in him and his music (like most of great artist do). This cd contains great and very good produced songs like "Just Like Belgium", "Elton s' Song", "Cloe", and "Nobody Wins" (was a minor hit but is a very good song). among others. For these cd he recorded more songs that are still unreleased after all those years. He could have had more hits from these cd but only "Nobody Wins" was released in America (i think "Just like Belgium" was a hit in Europe.Good efford without a doubd. I am still wondering what about is "Elton s' Song", a song he co-wrote with Robinson the autor of a song called "Glad to be gay"............
i really can't believe how people can dismiss eltons' 80's work-he was in transition-from being the worlds greatest pop star to just another singer trying to make a living-believe me-some of his 80's work had a lot of heart-"the fox" is just one example-i'm not crazy about gary osborne writing lyrics-but the opening cut "breaking down barriers"-is pretty good stuff-elton and nigel rock on this tune-and the rest of the band follows-one of the better of EJs' rock songs-then it takes a nasty turn on "heart in the right place"-again-some good rock and roll-i was surprised osborne had that nerve-complaining about the media intrusion-good song-u get to hear elton sneer (can't say the b word-they won't let me b that honest on here) at his best-but-the hightlight comes next-not just because its an elton and bernie penned tune-its just the overall tone of this song that captures the emotion and the "i was there feeling"-this song puts u there-thats what great songs r about-"just like belgium" is one of elton and bernies' best songs-it could of have been a cut off gybr-thats how good it is-i had a girlfriend who hated elton john-when she heard this song-ofcourse she didn't know it was elton-she loved it-when i told her who it was-she couldn't believe it-now she has a little bit more respect for ej-"belgium" has the flavor-as does the whole album-its a much more british and european produced effort-"nobody wins"-a pretty good song about a childs' anguish-not a good song choice for elton-"fascist faces"-a good romp for elton and bernie-some real good guitar and heavy drumbeats-and elton pounding on the piano while the "reverend" speaks throughout -interesting song-then comes "carla/fanfare"-which i taped for a friends wedding reception-nice song for that-but thats about it-goes into "chole"-boring elton stuff-"heels" is cool-a fun rocker-i think its bernie telling elton to come back down to earth-"elton's song" is incredible-a heartfelt song-this song confuses me though-is it a student in love with his teacher-or-a teacher in love with his student-the song is so beautiful-it could b a movie-what a song-elton sings and captures it with lustful emotion and precision-and u thought eltons' 80's album were devoid of substance?-this is real elton-not a fairy tale tune by taupin-yeah-ok-we got "the fox"-to close it out-elton and bernie back again-i think this song sums up what they're all about-u know-like a fox-layin in waiting-u never know when hes' about to attack-like elton and bernie-they sit back and keep quiet and then they throw a masterpiece at us like "songs from the west coast"-watch out for these guys-and get to appreciate this very-very underrated effort-and believe me-if you're an elton fan and a rock and roll fan-you're going to enjoy this-
"The Fox" is probably the album I appreciate the most from Elton John's catalogue of the eighties. Actually, most of the tracks are left-overs from the "21 at 33" sessions, but that certainly doesn't mean that the "21 at 33" album is superior to this one. In my opinion, there are just a couple of mediocre songs among all the great ones; "Heart in the Right Place" and "Fascist Faces". Also, I'm not particularly fond of the Eurodisc cover "Nobody Wins" (not written by Elton), which was the biggest hit. The rest, however, is simply a representative blend of Elton's classic style, which he defined during the seventies through his production of great, diverse material. The album opener "Breaking down Barriers", is truly great, and has some impressive piano chords from Elton, and is about ways of tackling problems from the past, and breaking down barriers of time and those lying between two people's love. I adore the message and the overall optimistic tone of the song. Then we have "Heart in the Right Place", which I sometimes enjoy, depending on my mood, but much more often reject due to its weirdness and obscurity. Then comes "Just like Belgium" with a high fun factor and catchy hooks, eg.: '...see his face down on the floor of another cheap bar-room'. Definitely a successful effort of making an up-beat and 'funny track'. Next is "Nobody Wins", which was the biggest hit off the album, however I don't especially like disco music so it's far from being a favourite of mine. Nor is the political "Fascist Faces"; though sincere, it sounds a bit silly and overdone with the inclusion of Rev. James Cleveland and a Church Choir as backing vocalists. The melody is not all that impressive, either. I virtually love the instrumental on the lines of "Song for Guy", "Carla/Etude", which sounds like an exciting adventure in my ears. However, I think "Fanfare" should be dismissed, as it is based on synthesizer and is far too repetitive in its few chords. "Chloe", which it smoothly blends into, is a wonderful love ballad. "Heels of the Wind" is nothing special, but I still feel it' a decent, fast rocker with some quite memorable hooks. As already mentioned, the autobiographical "Elton's Song", is directly moving, and the title track deserved to be a big hit, as it possibly is the best track of the album, with its light and straightforward. Highly recommended, not only for die hard- fans, but also for more casual ones.
This is one of Elton John's better albums. It brings back the more classic Elton John through the tunes like "Breaking Down Barriers", "Chloe/Fanfare", and "Heels of the Winds." If you like his albums from the 70s this is one to collect as well. My favorite song is breaking down barriers, which has a great piano composition and overall rhythm.
I would give it 4 and 1/2 stars. This album is different from other Elton's albums but it's still perfect. My mum likes NOBODY WINS. Every song is special. CARLA/ETUDE is one of the best instrumental songs I've heard. Better than 21 at 33 and much more better than Jump Up.
The Fox is one of Elton's least known outputs in his entire catalouge.  It justed missed the top 20 (in the US) upon its release in May, 1981.  It also marked a transitional period in his career, coming off the sometimes successful but ultimately unfocused albums like 21 at 33 to the more straight ahead pop smarts of Too Low for Zero.  Although The Fox leans much more toward the unfocusedness of 21 at 33, due to the mishmash of writing partners and use of outside musicians in places, it is a much more interesting and satisfying experience than anything he had turned out in years.I find The Fox to be an album that tries to stretch out a bit, prehaps begging to cover a little too much territory.  As a few reviewers have noted previously, this was his first with Geffen Records and first with producer Chris Thomas (who would also produce his next 3 albums). Therefore undoubtedly the game plan was for this one to make a grand statement.  This ambition shows up in songs like "Fascist Faces", the beautiful instrumental trio "Carla/Etude/Fanfare" and the more traditional love ballad "Chloe."  The usage of the Rev James Cleveland choir, a full string orchestra, and new agey synthesizers drive home the point that this isn't meant to be a cohesive statement, but meant to try to satisfy trends and make "the cutting edge" for 1981.  Most of the time, it acheives this due to Elton's tunefulness and ultra-competent instrumentation.Highlights of the album are many and scattered throughout.  It would be easier to mention the few dead ends that are hit.  While "Just Like Belgium" is fun and lively, it really doesn't stand out amongst the other more adventursome tracks, and "Heels of the Wind" seems unneccessary, almost like an afterthought.  Big departures from his previous work are the tracks "Heart in the Right Place" with its forceful, blues-rock tone and "Fascist Faces" with the backing of the Rev James Cleveland Choir.  Both tracks are propelled by the biting, metalish guitar play of Richie Zito, which make these two of the heaviest tracks in Elton's canon.In the end, The Fox is far from a masterpiece along the lines of Honky Chateau or Yellow Brick Road, but it is one of the most interesting in Elton's now 35 + year solo career.  I would recommend this to anyone who wants to experience the more arty side of what would become "I'm Still Standing" and "Sad Songs" just a few years down the road.
A new listen proves "The Fox" is an overlooked gem in Sir Elton's library.Elton John's first album for Geffen Records, it went largely unnoticed.  It is, however, full of wonderful tunes.  The first two tracks, "Breaking Down Barriers" and "Heart In the Right Place" are classic Elton and the title track could just as easily have been found on 2001's "Songs From the West Coast" as on this release.The first single, "Nobody Wins," tells the story of lost love backed by swirling synthesizers and a haunting piano hook.  The track took off on radio upon release in 1981 and raced up the lower half of the Hot 100 singles chart before stalling quickly at a disappointing number 21.  "Chloe," is a wonderful ballad, and only managed to make it to number 34 on the chart.Finally, no review of "The Fox" would be complete without a mention of the superb "Elton's Song."  A heart-wrenching ballad of a school boy on boy crush.  Sir Elton's vocals cut deep and the writing shows early indications of later songs done for movies and stage.The next time a retrospective of Elton's music is released, the producers would do well to include a track or two from "The Fox."  This is a wonderful album and I urge you to give it a listen.
Pandora got me onto this band and I have bought both albums and they're both excellent. Musically, they sound a little like early Coldplay but more edgy and discordant (in a good way). There are some beautiful melodies and soundscapes here. Interesting basslines interplaying with spacious guitars.Vocally, they're nothing like Coldplay however - which IMHO is a very good thing. No falsetto here. They lead singer somehow has an appealing whiny yet laid back quality to his voice.Every track is good on this album - it's a must buy!
This is another album of Chars that needed some growing on me, mostly because I was unfamiliar with the originals. I will say Urge for Going, Just Like Heaven and Cloudbusting are gems, even if Char gets the words wrong on Cloudbusting. All in all, even if you are not familiar with the originals, they are still good, solid tracks.
Listened to Inner Light on Pandora and bought the album based off this song. There's probably 2 or 3 really good songs on there, 1 or 2 terrible ones, and the rest are just mediocre. I guess that's how it works when buying albums. I'd recommend just buying individual songs
At best, I might be described as a casual fan of the Weakerthans.  Usually I need my music to have some more punch to it, but when I am feeling introspective or low, this is the soundtrack to my mood.  So, when I saw a new album had come out, I was not sure if I wanted to fork up the money for something that was so melancholy.  Luckily, I did.The first track starts off with a bit of energy, but it ultimately is not as satisfying as some of the other songs on the album.  The Weakerthans shine not when they are full of vigor, but when they are brooding over loss.  There are three songs on this album that have just stuck into my mental tape recorder and continue to replay over and over:  Virtute the Cat, Sun in an Empty Room, and Night Windows.On all three of these songs, the Weakerthans show amazing song writing abilities.  On Virtute the Cat, the song breaks into what feels like it is going to be a heart breaking chorus and half finishes on the third line making it imperative to listen to it again to satisfy the music itch.  Sun in an Empty Room, the number one song for me on the album, defies normal song structure with the reoccurring title phrase bleeding from the verse, to the chorus, and ultimately into the extremely sad conclusion in the bridge.  Night Windows has an excellent round of stack vocals, each filled with emotional sincerity.The Elegy of Gump Worsley is an instant skip whenever I come to it.  Some of the other songs are brooding, but they feel more throwaway without a hook to ground them.  The lyrics throughout the album, though, are some of the best ever put to music.
A nice start to a good line of music. Listening to this album blows me away. It's so amazing the themes in Suffering's music (not just the Thieves), so diverse. The music, also, it blows me away to hear the beautiful orchestrations and Jeff singing quite nicely out of key. Very adventerous and bold.
If you like The Maryonettes you'll like this - and vice versa. Slightly more "Pop" than my usual tastes, but only leaning in that direction, these songs have really grown on me.This is better than 99% of the contemporary stuff out there right now. Well worth a listen!
Another consistent jangly guitar power pop album from a mostly unknown band from Australia. You would do best to check out their entire catalog, some of which is not available here at Amazon, at least not yet.
The Indie Review[...]By Sean DureggerFebruary 11, 2008Artist: Desoto JonesAlbum: Aurora DESOTO JONES - AuroraIt's amazing how ignorant "critics" like myself and many others in today's "blogosphere" can be. I just got done reading another review of Desoto Jones` Deep Elm Records debut, Aurora and think the reviewer missed it entirely. (Read it HERE) First of all, this is not a Pop-Punk album (Adam Staszewski on lead guitars can actually riff). This is not an Emo album. Aurora is a Rock & Roll album. Period. Sing-along choruses, passionate lyrics and genuine emotion and care was put into this album to create an exciting and irresistible debut.While it's true that Desoto Jones aren't covering new territory with their music (really . . . who is these days?), they stay true to their influences and create and album that is on par with any great rock album that has come along this past decade so far. Hints of Jimmy Eat World, Third Eye Blind, Hot Water Music, and Foo Fighters are obvious, but this doesn't result in any sort of copy-cat songs. In fact, think of each of those bands' best albums, throw them in a blender and you can describe Aurora. Fueled with emotion, passion and hope, Aurora is an album you'll want to re-visit numerous times.Stand Out Tracks:"Speed Bump""Nonfiction""Giant Magnets"
Ed Ackerson's solo album comes 20+ years into a very admirable career in the Twin Cities' vibrant music scene, much of it in the background. His love of the mod sound was found in his band The Dig; then it was the sounds of The Beatles and Syd, later to be further augmented by a love of prog and Krautrock found in bands he fronted such as 27 Various, and the dense prog-psych outfit Polara. This solo album benefits from all that background, yet as a solo album it is somewhat spare in its sonic impact, letting the songs speak for themselves. His considerable pedigree is there, in hints of production technique used to make this collection sound bright and warm to the ears. What's truly astonishing is how much this sounds like it could have been made in London in the 1960's. It should please the ears of fans of modern bands such as Oasis.
One of the best feel-good third wave ska albums out there.  Perfect for the pre-skank pick me up or any light listening for the casual moonstomper.,
If you lived in England during the 70's then you have to download this. It's just a fun album of a mix of bands from the late 60's to the late 70's. Basically they all got together and recorded a live album of the best of all four bands from Nervous Wreck, John's Children, Sparks and Jet. Straight 70's grunge before grunge existed. Have fun, because Andy and the gang certainly did recording this.Again, don't download it from here, though, go to Emusic and save a ton of money.
I love this band, love this recording, but won't buy it unless it's released in CD format. Sorry, that's just how I roll.
I spent $6.99 on this album JUST for the Dragonette song which is AMAZING.  Listen to it with headphones on!  This sounds strange but the fading from left to right in the song actually tickles your ears and feels physically wonderful in addition to it (I Get Around) just being a f---ing amazing song.  Seriously.  That one song alone is worth $7.
I own 5 of the Kitsune Maison compilations at this point and #4 definitely doesn't disappoint.  I am a huge fan of the very last track in particular.  It's broken out into three songs and I love them all.
This Compilation Series is One of the Best in the World and cotains a perfect mixture of excellent Electronic Songs. The "old Europe" knows how to compile great Music to a great collection of music.If you like this you should also Listen to "Dolomiti Super Chill".Great Chillout and Lounge Music!
I am STUNNED to see this wonderful obscurity from 1980 available here. For those unfamiliar with it, a gentleman by the name of Morgan-Fisher invited about 50 creative-types (mostly Brits, but a few American artists such as The Residents and 1/2 Japanese make the cut as well) to submit an audio piece for this compilation; the only stipulation was that the piece should be no longer than 60 seconds in length. From the well-known to the virtually unknown, musicians, composers, visual artists, and performance artists turn in such a wide variety of vignettes that it's impossible to categorize the contents except to say that the results are generally interesting, unusual, and often funny. My favorites are George Melly performing an excerpt from Kurt Scwitters "Ur Sonata" and British art-punk band Metabolist doing an amazing (and much too brief) piece entitled "Racing Poodles".This comp is highly recommended for anyone into avant-garde spoken-word/music expressionism, but I must offer one caveat here: because this is only available via download, you will miss out on the EXTENSIVE liner notes that accompanied the original vinyl release, and in some cases, those notes provided a crucial context for understanding what the artist was doing (such as in the above-mentioned piece by Melly). For this reason, I can only give this a 4-star rating.
Like so many others, I had to find out what song played at the end of Mass Effect. I found this album, previewed it, and decided to go for the whole thing. I'm glad I did! M4 Part 2 is definitely the catchiest song on here, but the others still have a morose energy to them that I really enjoy. This album is pretty different from their others (this one's less ambient, and more powerful--a win, in my book).
The Zebras are one of those gems still writing and playing fantastic jangly guitar rock songs that you just can't hear on the radio.  A great cd, give the mp3 snippets a listen and expect to be impressed.  The only criticism is the same-ness of the sound across the songs, however, if this is the type of music you're looking for, as I often am, then The Zebras will satisfy.
1. Hard Times2. Wear 'Em Out3. Everybody's On Fire4. Timber5. Wildfires6. Calm Down7. Heart Of Lovers8. Why Would You?9. Rising Sun
I don't usually write reviews for music since I find it hard to put into words how I feel about it.  However, I just have to say that I love this CD!  It's one of the rare CDs that I can play over and over and not get tired of.  You won't be disappointed if you decide to buy this.
If you're reading this review and haven't heard their great 2008 release, go check that out first.  If you already have Visiter and love it as you should, definitely pick this up.  It doesn't reach quite the same heights but comes pretty close.
This is the first studio album from the bay area trio and it's damn good.Their music has been compared to the Violent Femmes, but I personally don't see it.  I think the Dodos far surpass the Femmes both lyrically and musically.  These guys are into syncopated rhythms and drum-driven harmonies.  Their music has a trippy, dreamy quality that is very nice.I can't wait to see how this relatively new-on-the-scene band develops over time.  With such a solid foundation, they can only get better and better.  The Dodos are the real deal.
Not as immediately likable as their newer stuff, but this one has really grown on me. I was expecting it to be a bit more fledgling, but there are some totally solid tracks here.
The Dodos blend guitars (accoustic or slightly electrified most of the time but they're not averse to the occasional psych-trance riffalama) and percussion (bit euro-folk, bit batucada, bit african) with finely sung tunes on top. I like them. A lot. The formula is perhaps of better effect on their second LP but this album does the trick too.
majority of songs are very good, a few i did not care for ... generally a nice album if you likeLiz Berlin from Rusted Root... great voice
If you're not an Andrew Bird fan, this is certainly an accessible introduction, but personally I'm not sure it would do him justice because the dynamics of his live performance are very different. If you're looking for a good introduction, start with one of his three most recent studio albums: Weather Systems, The Mysterious Production of Eggs, or Armchair Apocrypha. My personal favorite right now is TMPOE.If you are a fan then this is definitely a worthwhile purchase. As I stated above, the dynamics are quite different, but its obvious that a live experience is a great addition to your AB collection. This is a great collection of some of Mr. Bird's best songs, and it makes me wish that I had already been able to catch a live show. Maybe someday...!
Awesome album, starts out strong as an army, and still gives you time to chill in the barracks. Dr. Steel may be retired, but the army he built- literally -still marches on!
This was one of those albums that I bought solely based on the cover. Turns out that it wasn't a bad pick. If you like bands like Veruca Salt,or The Breeders, than this will probably be a welcomed addition.Catchy tunes, good melodies, and decent lyrics.
adorable album. fishboy is kind of awesome. the song taqueria girl comes to be during interactions with sale clerks and shift workers... every day. i would like for fishboy land near me.
I had only one opportunity to see Television live and that was at the Old Waldorf in San Francisco. Touring in support of Adventure just prior to their break up for the first time, the band was in top form performing a variety of material from their first and second album. What was unusual for this prototypical new wave/punk band was the fact that they actually liked to jam on stage.Tom Verlaine's strangled vocals and the dual guitar interplay made this an interesting contrast to my other two favorite shows seen at the Old Waldorf (Warren Zevon and Gentle Giant). Opening with "The Dream's Dream" and "Venus" the band paraded their best material from their two albums. Rounding out the performance with their self financed single "Little Johnny Jewel" and a cover of the Stones' "Satisfaction", the band's appearence at the Old Wardorf remained a highlight for me. The harder, looser style of the band is on display in this live outing actually improving on some of the original studio incarnations of the band's classic material. While the performance here might not be as inspired as that captured on "The Blow-Up" CD, sounds remarkably clear and superior to that live CD.This limited edition live album released by Rhino Handmade was limited to 2500 copies. It's a perfect compliment to the remastered/re-released first two albums by the band.
This is an awesome live recording of Television at their height.  Unlike many of the crappy bootleg recordings, this one was done properly for a live radio broadcast.  If you like Marquee Moon, you will love this album.
I saw this band in concert like over a decade ago, not even sure if they're still together.  Has some great classics updated with a modern edge.  Tennessee Stud is my personal favorite, with Slewfoot close behind.
Listened to this a long time ago. Decided to purchase it and see if I still enjoyed it. The music has a wonderful beat and flow. Overall just a good album to purchase for those who enjoy alternative or soft rock styles. I would say if you listen to the harder side of alternative then this album may not be a good fit for you.
I am a Cop Shoot Cop in torment over the fact that they will never make another album again...most likely ever.  I have never been able to really get into Firewater, so I bought this in the hopes of prolonging the C$C saga.  It is very good, never quite reaching the razor wire tightness of Ask Questions Later or Release, but it stands well on its own and punches well above its weight.
I downloaded this because it was only $0.01, for the whole record. I wasn't expecting much for that price. None the less I was quite surprised with it. It only has 4 songs but it's still 40 min long, Very much in the Post-Rock/Experimental/Ambient style of music. If your into Godspeed you Black Emperor or something like that you might like it. At least it won't set you back a lot of money.
What more needs explaining? It's the classic punk band X, covered by some boss surf guitar dudes, with some X personal along for the ride.  Dig it!
There's a reason why the word &#34;party&#34; comes up in two songs on this album. Because if you listen to it, there might be a party or maybe not, but as one song points out, &#34;Happiness is all around us, so let's find it or get there&#34; or something like that, but anyway, if you listen to this and there is no party right away, then at least you will find some happiness, maybe even with some Shiny Women. If you meet the Shiny Woman you may also make throat singing googly sounds, and for sure, you will doo do do doo do do doo do do do in your head all day long afterwords because in your head it really will be PARTY TIME! This is what to expect if you purchase this album. I kid you not. My only complaint about this album, and I may be imagining this, but I'm pretty sure when I saw him perform Makey Makey live he not only sang about makin' makin' loooove, but also about makin' makin' bacon. I didn't hear him sing about that on the album version. caveat!
Anybody looking for something different, yet familiar if you like &#34;Good Ol' Boy&#34; type southern rock, this is a good start.
Jonah33's first two albums are monumental.  Strong music, powerful lyrics... the best Christian rock that there is, in my opinion.  The Heart of War album went a different direction; maybe they're trying to break into secular music so that they can take the message to people who need it.  The lyrics are highly metaphorical, comparing the Christian plight to war, which is more of a truth than a comparison.  I love the sound, and appreciate the message of the album, but I really do miss the lyrical directness of the past albums.  If someone listens to this album and does not know that Jonah33 is a Christian band, they will still not know it.  If, however, the songs are viewed from the perspecive of the Christian walk, the message is really good.  If the lyrics were more direct, I would have given the album 5 stars.  Keep up the good work, guys!  I'll be anxiously awaiting your next album.
Buyer beware! This is not the Slipknot who has put out, Iowa, The Subliminal Verses and All Hope is Gone.  This is a different thrash band from the late 80's.I didn't buy this album, just wanted to make sure that anyone knows before buying what this actually is.
Hip hop beats and guitar riffs, a bit old school sound like it was recorded on a 4 track in a garage, but still brings some great beats and instrumental grooves that Tommy Guerrero delivers.
I'll keep this short and sweet -- HOLD ON NOW, YOUNGSTER has some great hooks and the vocals are fast and furious. The two singers make each song unique. Great little bursts of singing (see "This is how you spell..." for an example).I've been enjoying this on my long car rides up the NJ Turnpike and it keeps that drab landscape interesting. Favorite tracks: 2, 3, 5, 9.
I heard their EP working at the college radio station last year, and I was blown away.  When their album came out I looked into it and was shocked that it was just as good.  I was disappointed that some songs were released already.  You!Me!Dancing! has been on every release of theirs.  Some of the other songs were previously released on their EPs.  I just wish their were more new songs on this CD cause I really like their sound.I definitely recommend it to anybody who likes fast paced music that just makes you just want to get up and jump around.
I enjoy this band but this cd was awesome. It is their best cd. It's completely original and really interesting. Great music and writing!
I wasn't into this band at first, cause I thought the vocals sounded a little too whiney. But one of my friends told me to give them another shot. I got a free Amazon gift card, so I bought this. I dig them a lot, sound like Dear Landlord, The dopamines. Both bands I dig a lot. If you are into fast, loud punk rocker singing about how life sucks go for it. I also bought their newer album, I think it's called sental island er something on vinyl. That's also a good one.
The Bs are on the start of their third [count 'em] career and still have the same passion and energy as they did when they "danced this mess around", way back in 1979. [Funny how time flies! Will I ever grow up?]This band needs to get off the revival circuit and get into the studio more often. 16 years is a long vacation between albums.They really haven't changed much about their quirky fusion of punky surf, angular funk and Spectresque dance driven musical sound in the past 30 years, but they don't have to...some things are timeless.Right from the first cut on the LP, "Pump", those unmistakable kitschy girl group harmonies of Kate and Cindy kick in and we're off to Planet Claire again! Buy the "Funplex" download but get the album also...Nobody deserves a break more than these guys.
I often listen to the Scissor Sisters remix when I am running, mostly because it helps me pace my run. The running time is the pace at which I sometimes run one mile.
Although there are some amazing individual tracks on this album, including &#34;My Tank&#34; and &#34;One Gilled Girl&#34;, this is not the best album by this insanely inventive heavy metal/punk/Lovecraftian horror band.  I'd go with their first album, Cthulhu Strikes Back, or their most recent, the Shadow out of Tim, both of which are in constant rotation on my mp3 player.  Don't get me wrong, this one is, too, but if I had to choose, I'd make this one my second or third Darkest of the Hillside Thickets albums.
Loved "Try A Little Longer" off CBC Radio 3 podcast and bought this and their other album (Hotmouth) from their website.  I don't think they were available here on Amazon at the time.  The rest of the CD disappointed a little, but ends up in my shuffle a fair amount, particularly "Transparency".  I ended up liking Hotmouth better, so I think I will go review that one too.  Either way, I think this album deserves more attention than it's getting, so if you've stumbled across this review - download "Try A Little Longer" - If you don't like it, there is something wrong with you.
She said she like this band very much. And she was happy with the CD. Excatly the album she wanted.
With their fast-paced tunes that blend guitar-driven rock and beats you can dance to, The Lord Henry is one of the more entertaining indie bands on the scene.  Not that there's anything wrong with brooding, ironic indie rock, but when you're tired of that, it's refreshing to pop on some Lord Henry.  Fans of The Strokes or bands of that nature will definitely enjoy these guys.  "What I Get" and "My Friends" are particularly strong tracks, although the latter won't jump out based on Amazon's sample, which cuts off just before the song starts rocking.  If you're curious, drop the 99 cents on "My Friends" and see what you think.  Hopefully it will interest you in their full length, "Zoo Palace," which features their very best tune, "Fire on 42 Street."
I stumbled over this band on i-Tunes when I was looking for a download of the film, "Ultrasuede: In Search of Halston" and their single, "halston", showed up.  I ventured a listen and it was very catchy, with a solid bass line and a beautiful sound.  It immediately evoked the image of Halstonettes twirling down the infamous Olympic Tower catwalk, and has a couple of really interesting lyrics ("The more you give, the more I give up", etc).It's sad that they've apparently disappeared, as the last relic of information is an old MySpace page from 6 or 7 years ago.  They have a really nice sound.
I bought their second album, Here's Your Ghost, because I loved "Try A Little Longer" and decided to throw this one in too.  Glad I did!  No one song on this album tops that song, but overall I think it's a more solid offering, particularly "Olympia" and "Safe", but I have a soft spot for "Nine Things That Are True"'s lyrics.  Download Olympia, go download Try A Little Longer, and if you don't like either of those songs, there is something wrong with you!
Ike Moriz - Mirrors And Shade (Mosquito Records London)South African recording artist Ike Moriz is something of a rarity insofar that he maintains a recording career in two completely separate genres. For the most part he's a crooner, singing songs from the Great American Songbook, wowing Capetown supper club audiences and releasing a steady flow of albums that have drawn comparisons to Tony Bennett and Nat King Cole. On the other hand he's a singer-songwriter of a decidedly English, alternative bent."Mirrors And Shade" was originally released in 2004 when Moriz was based in London, and listening to its 11 songs I'm reminded of groups like Be-Bop Deluxe, Suede and Gene, and of course, David Bowie, who was later to declare himself a fan. On the strength of the material presented here, it's an easy position to take. In particular, the title track is just a perfect slice of retro indie pop with abundant hooks, a lively melody and a chorus that sticks like glue. Others of a similar ilk follow suit. "You Could (thrill Me, Kiss Me, Kill Me)" is plaintive and drips melancholy but not at the expense of pop thrills, "Fall Into the Sun" is a soundtrack in waiting for a decent summer and "Drowning (in London Town)" encapsulates the experience of many groups who come to the capital, with bonus nods to Oasis and early Blur along the way.
This digital album is nearly identical to the out-of-print original cast recording, except the first and fifth songs are swapped. Like the CD, this is not the entire soundtrack. For example, "The Tao of Mag," "Zytrate Anatomy," and "Geneco Commercial" are all noticeably absent. In spite of its shortcomings (pun intended) it's long enough for a few good listens. The songs are catchy, upbeat rock musical songs with clear dialogue which decently explains the backstory to Repo! The Genetic Opera. If you hate spoilers, don't listen to this album. Each track is unique and the personalities of the characters shine through in every song. Here's a break down of the tracks:Night Surgeon. Curt Wilson portrays the Repo Man with a sadistic flair but this song is still kind of weak. I look forward to hearing Anthony Stewart Head's version....But This is Opera. Lateefah Devoe sings as Blind Mag with the ensemble. It's a humorous song poking fun of opera. She's got a strong voice, but it's a bit difficult to imagine her as the opera super star she's supposed to be. Again, looking forward to Sarah Brightman's portrayal in the upcoming movie.21st Century Cure. Terrance Zdunich sings as the Grave Robber with Stephanie Kane singing as Shilo. It's a seductive song... a perfect portrayal of a skeezy drug dealer who innocent Shilo just can't help listening to. This song has the worst rhyme ever: Shilo, "N.O.S?" Grave Robber, after a pause, " Yes!"Come Up and Try My New Parts. Penny Wei plays the high kicking Heather Sweet. I'm NOT looking forward to Paris Hilton's portrayal.Legal Assasin. Curt Wilson singing again as the Repo Man in the catchiest song on the album. Mr. Wilson's voice is a little bit weak and the instrumentation seems to drown him out. Good thing the instrumentation and chorus are strong and catchy.Chase the Morning. Lateefah Devoe sings with Stephanie Kane in the song that is most like an average musical's song. The instrumentation is mainly piano with some percussion. Again, Devoe comes across as strong, but at the same time seems to be struggling with getting the meanining behind her voice. Kane sounds kind of nasal.Choice. Blind Mag, Repo Man and Ensemble. This is the song from the movie trailer. The instrumentation is a bit more overpowering than the trailer's. Also, the actors don't exaggerate their eccentric accents quite as much, which makes it a bit boring comparatively.Overall, it's something different, a fun listen and a good preview of the upcoming movie. I suspect the movie soundtrack will be more complete and will have better sound engineering.
I ran into this band while trying to find the soundtrack to a Dolph Lundgren movie called &#34;Silent Trigger&#34;. Yes, it's a guilty pleasure movie, but part of what makes it work so well is the music, notably the first two tracks from this collection. The rest, however has been quite enjoyable, and something I'd recommend if you want to expand your collection in new directions.
Este disco sigue la tendencia de Luis de hacer m&uacute;sica que fusione los ritmos folcloricos de la isla Rep&uacute;blica Dominicana con el Rock de los 60 y 70. Parecer&iacute;a que mientras m&aacute;s avanza la carrera de Luis mas dificil se le hace grabar en un buen estudio pues la calidad del sonido es mediocre. Sin embargo, todos los que seguimos atentos a lo que hace luis ya estamos acostumbrados y ser&aacute; una sorpresa el d&iacute;a en que un disco de el suene como deber&iacute;a. En cuanto a la m&uacute;sica este disco est&aacute; repleto de melod&iacute;as memorables, lirica 'folk-surrealista' y canto incomparable & &uacute;nico. Sin duda una joya del underground caribe&ntilde;o.
Not the best of Monique Ortiz's work, but I had to fill out my collection. Her latest is Alien Knife Fight EP.
I found this album/band while looking for another song.  They have a pretty kickin' sound.  Some lyrics are a little trite, but for the most part it's good tunes.
A powerful and provocative work.  I laughed, I cried, I fell down.  It changed my life.
New Wave for a new day, this album has some of my favorite Jenn Vix tunes: "Lilac Girl" and "Shiny Red Car"
Not quite at the level of "Re-Entry", but that particular CD set a very high standard indeed.  Nevertheless, "For All Mankind" is a high-flying and highly enjoyable set of energetic, cheeky punk rock that is not to be overlooked.  My favorite song of the set is "Cyborg" which includes the classic line: "And when I turned her on, she wasn't turned on by me; I guess cyborgs can see who they want to see."  So much like the Phenomenauts, defenders of free-thinking robots everywhere.  "She'll Launch" is another terrific song that recognizes that space girls need the freedom to come and go as they please.  Though somewhat rooted in a nostalgia for the 20th century space race, the boys are stalwart defenders of the progressive Earth we all want to go back to (when we return from vaulting through space.)In this age of digital downloads, the Phenomenauts give us a real reason to buy the material CD.  Mine came with a neat little logo pin.  And the clever folding CD jacket shows that artful design need not trump functionality --(Bjork, please take notice).Definitely a ride worth taking!
This album is not the best that they have put out... but it is definitely still a good album! full of energy!
November is a unique album its like electro-rock from the U.K. but the thing is these guys are from Austria not the U.K. which is odd cause they sound like there British not Austrian  but oh well their music is quite unusual with the odd sounds and such and the singing is like there in a British pup or whatever but still great.Recommend to a fan of rock music or anything else
I never knew Ben Benjamin could be so... moody, but THE MANY MOODS OF BEN BENJAMIN, VOL. 1 gladly proves me wrong. Merging the electronic and indie rock has never been easy, but he shifts tones quickly, from the plinking and New Order-like stylings on "Selective Periphera" to the guitar-and-electro combination of "Sassy Blanche." He can even shift within tracks, the way the jittery electronics of "Hypertexan" give way to acoustic guitar. There are plenty of short, pop ditties, (like the banjo-driven "VIP LCD"), though he can get more contemplative too: "Butane Wayne" goes off in a minor key, and "Chamber," with its piano chords and lingering tones, is like a sprint through a cathedral. The tempo slows down for "Sideways Cerebus," as well, which gives that track a more considered feel, even as it explodes halfway through. "Chixen," too, has a lulling quality to it, but "Fishin' for Coldy Winds," takes the the album on a funky note. Plenty of moods to go around!
I bought this album as a birthday gift for a friend of mine. After listening to it myself, I fell in love. I especially like the song "Holding On". I would recommend WAZ if you like Tal Bachman (She's So High) and Pete Yorn.
Review/Details of the music from the late Morris Pert's website:This CD features a previously unreleased Album by Suntreader recorded in London in the mid-1970s. The original tapes, long believed lost, were only recently located (May 2001). Although some percussion overdubs were necessary, the basic tracks were recorded 'live' in the studio as first and only takes. We wanted the end result to sound fluid and organic, and so rhythmic patterns go in and out of phase, tonal centres blur and then coalesce and the overall form is free and completely subservient to the demands of the musical material as it appears within the improvisation.M.P. (Morris Pert)Tracks 1 - 3 ( M. Pert / P. Robinson) M.C.P.S./P.R.S.Morris Pert - Timpani, Boo Bams, Gongs, Roto-toms, Bells, Talking Drum, Bongos, Congas, Drums, Maracas, Whistle, Wood Blocks, Tam Tams, Cabasa, Clay drums, Timbales, Sleigh Bells, Grand Piano, Honky Tonk Piano, Piano Duet Secondo (Track 1), Hand Bells.Peter Robinson - Electric Piano, Ring Modulator, Piano Duet Primo (Track 1), Inside Piano, Organ, Mellotron, Clavinet, Indian Bells, Hand Bells.Neville Whitehead - Electric BassRecorded at Marquee Studios, LondonEngineer - Will RoperProduced by SuntreaderTrack 4 ( M. Pert) M.C.P.S./P.R.S.Morris Pert - All instruments and electronicsRecorded at "The Chalet Studio", Balchrick, ScotlandProduced by Morris Pert
When Nine Inch Nails released their 2002 live album And All That Could Have Been it came with a bonus CD entitled Still, containing deconstructed alternate takes of well known songs and original instrumentals. Regarded by NIN fans as one of the band's best recordings, listeners were left coveting another album in the Still style. Six years later fans were blindsided by the entirely unpublicized  Ghosts I-IV, a series of EPs recorded in secret and released to an unsuspecting public in the midst of an ostensible off season for Trent Reznor and his various assistants.Effectively the spiritual sequel to Still, Ghosts is dark, evocative and somehow lyrical in spite of its lack of vocals. While none of the songs have names, which makes referencing individual tracks difficult, suffice to say that the record is an astoundingly disparate one. Each of Ghosts' songs has its own distinct feel and elicits a different emotional response. Some are moody and atmospheric while others are unsettling exercises in high-tension instrumentation; some are like aural embraces in their sweet, comforting melodies while others tap into a primal aggression through their vitriolic machine noise.Additionally, Reznor and co. should be commended  for opting to alternate the eclectic tracks rather than allocating the heavier songs for one disc and the textured, atmospheric work for the other. The sense of not knowing what to expect next contributes much to the unique experience of listening to Ghosts.Although not quite on the same tier as The Fragile or The Downward Spiral, Ghosts is far more than a stop-gap record between proper albums. Unique, evocative and distinctly NIN, Ghosts I-IV serves well as a score for reading, writing, and personal reflection.
Even if this album had been pumped out merely for the sake of adding one more number to NIN's halo catalogue (which it wasn't), Trent Reznor deserves every accolade that's been heaped upon him for finding ways to keep his music relevant in a 21st century musical landscape that is both unsettled and unpredictable.  The man is a work-horse.  This cannot be debated.  Despite relentless touring in support of two albums in the past three years, Reznor also found the time to get in touch with his inner Richard James and Brian Eno in the form of "Ghosts I-IV," a 2 hour opus that comes closer to ambient soundscapes than anything since "A Warm Place" found its way onto "The Downward Spiral" back in 1994.Described by Reznor as a "soundtrack for daydreams," do not put on those headphones with the presumption that you'll be getting 120 minutes of the top selling disc from your local Hallmark.  This is a NIN record after all, and even without the nihilistic and cathartic lyrics, some Reznor trademarks are there: the studio wizardry (do yourself a favor if you have the option and go for CD quality rather than mp3), the industrial white noise, the glitch and stutter of electronic drum loops, and the occasional plunk of isolated piano tones that have more of a Fischer-Price decay than a Steinway resonance.  Unlike Eno's "Music for Airports," "Ghosts" doesn't provide consistent stretchs of bedroom atmospherics.  Rather, it effortlessly wavers between harsh, subdued, cautious, elegiac, abrasive, and soothing textures over the course of its 36 tracks.  Personally prefering the occasional foray into ethereal and hypnotic moods, "1 Ghosts I," "1 Ghosts II," "32 Ghosts IV," and "34 Ghosts IV" are all standout tracks.Maybe some of it is really filler.  But it really doesn't matter.  With the varied pricing/packaging options NIN provided, you've got something for everyone.  I myself pursued the $16.99 download route; I got an immediate download of all 36 tracks plus a .pdf file packed with artwork.  The pressed CD was then mailed to me on the official release date.  Given that the double CD alone would go for more than that at your local electronics megastore, it was worth every penny.
A slight departure from most NIN releases, this is almost 2 hours of instrumentals.  Nothing intense, all sort of mellow, almost more of a classical structure, very progressive with some catchy themes.  I find this is about perfect music to do &#34;thinking work&#34; to, or when you just want some non-distracting background tunes.  A few of the sounds are reminiscent of much older stuff like on Downward Spiral and The Fragile.
One of the previous reviews has a point; the one with Trent and chocolate fountains [a little weird].Listening to Ghosts, I could not help but think of the Fragile. I liked the Fragile and I like this album as well, but I would not call this album anything new. And in addition to that, there seems to be some recurring theme in some of these songs, which unites them in one way and makes them a little bland in another. I also do not understand why Trent Reznor chose to release 'The Slip' - even for free. It feels like some Rap album, three good songs with the rest just blah.Though the songs on Ghosts are not named [ghost 1, 2, 3 etc] I can see titles fitting "Somewhat Damaged Too"
this is goodyou know the actual kind of good where it presents something new (like a new meduim for art) as well as saluting the past (just like trent has always done) and mashing it together into a something thats definetly worth the 300 dollars (should you have bought that edition)and god forbid i actually say that it's . . .beautifulyou never feel the gnashing industrial guitars, you don't smell any hate, you don't see any pain, you don't hear any sex, you don't taste the fear and isolation . . .all you know is beautyits weirdand then suddenlyBAM and theres a sudden change in pace and you can almost hear trent whispering some hypnotic spell in your ears, but he isn't singing and the songs are quiet and its all in your head,whenever i listen to this i think of the BROKEN(ep)'s unreleased video-esk type images in my headthe album is that provocitive.and that trent would be able to accomplish this without words is insaneas well as brilliant
If you like "Ghosts", then get yourself a copy of NIN's harder-to-find "Still" EP. Much of "Still" is instrumental pieces. The last two tracks-- "The Persistence of Loss" and "Leaving Hope"-- are amazing and would fit in well on "Ghosts." "Still" also features a couple instrumental extensions of material from "The Fragile", some 'unplugged' versions of classic NIN tracks, and the song "And All That Could Have Been" (which is the most poignant NIN song since "Hurt"). The "Still" EP is only available as a download on Amazon, but you can buy it as a new cd directly from NIN's website. Enjoy!
Last track on Ghosts III and tracks 1, 4, and 5 off IV are really good. Thus far I'm enjoying Ghosts IV the most. The track naming convention strikes me as similar to that of how verses are labeled in the bible. It'd be a heck of a thing talking about this album at a party, trying to tell someone what your favorite tracks are. Especially after a cocktail or three.I listen to music while I work and for me this release works pretty well. There's a heck of a lot of material to digest, for sure. I can't imagine someone cranking through the whole thing in a sitting or two and declaring it brilliant. For me, it's more of a soaker. It's certainly good enough to draw me back to it. Time will tell...let it roll around my mellon for a bit.Honestly for most folks it'll be more of a stretch than previous NIN releases. It is less explicit, more open for interpretation than most NIN material. Quality-wise it's what fans and critics have come to expect. Here here for stretching us out a bit and being challenging in groovy, thoughtful ways.
At first listen I am reminded of Tool. I like this a lot, and will listen to it much more in the years to come.  It is one that you can get lost into. Daydream.  I think I would more use it as background.  Over all a very good piece of work.
In 2007, Trent Reznor fulfilled his contractual obligation to Interscope Records, and announced he was going to create music independently. Upon hearing this news, I was very curious to see what he would create without the shadow of a record company over his shoulder. Knowing this, a 2 disc collection of 36 instrumentals just seems to make complete sense as it's the exact type of thing that a big record company would reject as being "not commercially viable."The album as a whole strikes me as a grand experiment. Some of the tracks are songs with an identifiable beginning, middle and end. But many sound like just a bit or a piece, as if Trent wrote a song, decided that he only liked one part of it and decided to simply clip off the rest rather than try to build a full blown song out of one good part. Or maybe they were simply songs he didn't feel needed to be extended past two minutes. Trent Reznor, rather than make an album of conventional music, used his first chance recording free of a the control of a record label to make music without any boundaries and created a unique musical experience.I don't feel as if this album is meant to be studied. It has no deeper meaning. The tracks don't have titles, as if to say "just to make sure you don't bother to look into their meanings." They're not "about" any one thing. The songs are simply songs. The sticker on the front reads "A soundtrack for daydreams," and as that, it works perfectly. It's excellent as background music for your subconscious to absorb. Is it for everyone? Absolutely not. It's a niche record from an established artist. Ghosts I is available for free from the official website to give you a chance to see if this is for you before you pay for the whole thing. If you don't enjoy Ghosts, don't feel as if you're missing out, as it's not for everyone.
I'm really surprised at the quality of this album.  Nine Inch Nails really experiments in a way I've never heard them, or other similar sounding artists, attempt before.  You have ambient sounds mixed with hard rock.  The band members must have had a desire to try something different, and I'm really happy the results work.  I'm not exactly "in" as far as new music is concerned, but if there's more music like this out there, it might be worth digging deeper into certain bands catalogs.
This is purely an instrumental album of short melancholic soundscapes. I really enjoyed it and have always loved moody music.  So if you prefer your music to have lyrics or like only upbeat music, then this will not be the album for you.  However, if you like dark, moody music then you will really enjoy it.
Pick a Ghost, listen to it only, and stop.  Once the thematic similarities of each one become familiar, the album as a whole really comes together in its subtle genius.  A terrific creative tangent, but hopefully not the new NIN categorical mainstay for future records.
Nine Inch Nails' Trent Reznor, infamous for long delays between albums, sure has been productive lately. 2007 saw Reznor release the critically acclaimed "Year Zero" and its' follow-up "Year Zero Remixed." In addition, last year Reznor produced Saul Williams' "The Inevitable Rise and Liberation of Niggy Tardust." Now, out of nowhere, with no advance notice, Reznor is back with NIN's sixth album, the instrumental "Ghosts I-IV.""A soundtrack for daydreams," is how Reznor sums up the new album...and that, I feel, is the best way to appreciate the new NIN. Rather than listening to this album as background music while driving or doing housework, "Ghosts I-IV" is best appreciated with relaxed, yet concentrated listening. Lie in bed or on the sofa, relaxed, and immerse yourself with this CD. Just sort of daydream--meditate, think about whatever...and let "Ghosts I-IV" be the soundtrack...And as the mood of the album changes, allow your mood to flow with the album...try to get lost in the music.Some have commented that "Ghosts I-IV" sounds similar in style to the instrumental music from "The Fragile," (1999) but I don't know if it's all that accurate to say that. While the instrumental music from "the Fragile" sort of held the vocal compositions from that CD together like glue, "Ghosts I-IV" is a little more "out there." It can, therefore, be seen as a mosaic--of several different styles--piano compositions, industrial beats, the avant-garde--all mixed together, with no real dominant flavor overpowering the rest. And while the album is all-over-the-place, treading many territories, everything works; "Ghosts I-IV" takes so many twists-and-turns-its always interesting. At the same time, with almost two hours of music to absorb, "Ghosts I-IV" is best appreciated with repeated listens--to fully appreciate all its' rich textures and intricacy.
I don't know how he does it. The creativity, the sonic greatness, the depth.  Even without the voice, it still rocks.  This is the music I wish I could create meself!!  Buy it.
...but a very entertaining effort nonetheless. I like that Trent Reznor had the courage to try an all-instrumental album. And you sure can't argue with the price! A must-have for NIN fans, but probably not something a casual listener would like a whole lot.
For a musician who has taken 6 years and 5 years between albums in the past, Trent Reznor sure is active lately, and we can probably thank the rising technical possibilities for working outside of record company strictures. But it's important to remember that Ghosts I-IV is NOT the next proper NiN release, and it should be viewed more accurately as a side project. Here Trent eschews lyrics and vocal melodies (his traditional Achilles heels) for 36 instrumental tracks that mostly provide atmospheres for not-so-easy-listening mood music, while highlighting Trent's sequencing and programming skills. It takes many, many listens for all of the tracks to differentiate themselves in your consciousness, but your patience will mostly be rewarded. Ghosts I-IV occasionally recalls the classic albums, delivering mood manipulation a la The Fragile (tracks #3, 11, 17, 28, 33); and surprisingly for this rather quiet collection, harsh Downward Spiral-like angst (#4, 8, 19, 23, 31). There are also a few experimental surprises that have not been heard from NiN before, such as weird bluegrass guitar (#14 - courtesy of Adrian Belew), pummeling rave (#16), old-school gangsta-hop (#24), bass-driven heavy funk-rock (#26, 27), and even vaguely Asian world music (#30).But even with those occasional throwbacks and advances, many of the tracks on this release still have trouble rising above the pack. Primarily, almost all of the songs are just too short for their ideas to develop beyond basic introductions. In fact, just two tracks (#20, 34) feature more than one basic beat pattern or chord progression. And there are just too many weak tracks that turn moodiness into boredom - ranging from thin beat programming exercises (#9, 18), simple piano melodies propped up unsuccessfully with random noise (#10, 13, 22), and basic sequencer patterns that repeat to the point of absurdity (#6, 34). Of course, fans should feel as mellow and moody listening to Ghosts I-IV as Trent probably did while creating it. But at times there are just too many under-developed ideas vying for the listener's and the creator's attention. [~doomsdayer520~]
Not bad, a departure from the older stuff, but I liked it.  I listened to a lot of Ambient and Electronic Music back in the day, so I find a lot of this is stuff that was done 10 or more years ago...  Even still, it is only $5 and I think it's well worth it if you have an open mind.If you like any of this, be sure to check out Aphex Twin "Selected Ambient Works Vol2" and Autechre "Amber", "Basscadet", and "Tri Repetae".
I have to say, Trent's approach at immediacy with this release and the many small musical themes in encompasses, shows a lot of maturity and depth.  It's lively in its ideas and production.  And although each piece averages about 2:30mins, 36 tracks worth gives you insight into NIN's ability, scope, and current direction.
Nine Inch Nails has returned, unannounced this time, with a new album.  This one is a 36-track collection of short, instrumental pieces that have no order, no agenda and no direction.  But this is not a bad thing!  It's vintage NIN.  It's abstract art, coming from the mind of one of this era's greatest musicians.I LOVED how Trent released this album.  I wish I could've gotten the $300 version.  The presentation of this album is nothing short of immaculate.  Even if you only got the mp3 album, the presentation is a cut above your average internet purchase.  Each of the 36 songs has a different picture attached to it.  On my iPod, instead of the album cover, it shows one of these for every song.  It's little things such as this that make Trent's music so invigorating.Obviously it goes without saying that this is not an album for the mainstream.  You can't just pop this in and listen to it like you would any other NIN release.  This one requires a certain degree of active listening for you to pick out the subtle nuances that Trent put into these songs.  As background noise, you won't hear much and no songs really stand out.  This is why the best way to listen to it is through headphones, while allowing your mind to fully take in the music.This is one of the most unique releases ever.  Not for everyone, but still a masterpiece.
Nine Inch Nails have some great songs in their catalog, but none of their albums have kept the momentum going all the way through for me.  WIth this one, there is no momentum.  Luckily, the consistency is what makes this album so good and the peacefulness of listening to it in its entirety is what fans should expect when putting it on.  The music sounds like a cross between Nine Inch Nails and Burial (underground British industrial dance music).  It is not something you can actively listen to, but instead, it is an album that makes people look inward and reflect.  However, if nothing else it makes perfect study music.  At five dollars, how can you resist?  Well, there is one downside.  Only several of the songs on here could make it to become live material.  The rest would simply not be suited for an energetic concert atmosphere.
It seems a bit trite to say this is an instant classic - but phu%& yeah! This IS what we've been waiting for from NIN. Without a doubt the best $5 dollars you can spend online!. The best $5 dollar nine inch nail you can put in the RIAA coffin.Take heed! This is they way it should be done. Thank you Trent.
Don't bother reading many (close to all) these reviews listed for this release.  If you are familiar with nine inch nails (maybe even consider yourself a fan) you will find something among these 36 tracks that will spark a somewhat further insight into Trent Reznor and his 20+ year creation that is nine inch nails.  A lot of today's nails fans refer to the band in relation to their 1999 release of "The Fragile" and many of them relate this release in relation as well.  The simple fact of the matter is that nine inch nails have been around since late 1980's, and since their first release in '89 with "Pretty Hate Machine" we have witnessed an imeasurable amount of growth and inspiration that has made them the industrial gods they are commonly revered as.  To say that this release is unlike any others is to make a true statement, whereas any and all halos (remixed halos aside) are unlike their predecessors (previous halos).  "The Fragile" has become the new "Pretty Hate Machine" for all those individuals that weren't around during nine inch nails' beginning.  Considering that it was released 10 years following "Pretty Hate Machine,"  it sounds nothing like anything before it, but yet was a product of everything before it (if that makes sense).  Now Ghosts i-iv, being released almost 20 years after "Pretty Hate Machine,"  brings an additional level of growth -- not to mention the fact that a few albums ago ("With Teeth") we first bore witness to a new and sober Trent (for which i offer my congratulations)... and yet people still want to hear a continuation of earlier work (you get that with the remixed versions - which are of plenty in the nine inch nails world).  If you want an additional nails album to redefine that which we all feel music IS, make no mistake about this title. If you want "The Fragile part 2" or "The Downward Spiral 15 years later," play those records again because as sure as the nine inch nails empire has and continues to evolve, you as the listener surely has as well. --truley a great and greatly inspiring addition to the halo catalogue.  'nuff said!
This collection isn't for the typical NIN fan (what, NO LYRICS?). It's also not for those who think instrumentals mean lame background music. Listening to this sounds like a bastard child of Aphex Twins, David Byrne & Brian Eno. The typical Trent Reznor use of distorted pianos and guitar used to link his songs in The Fragile are here, but with the shortness of each track, he challenges himself to come up with 40 different themes. It's like his own audio museum where you move from painting to painting. You recognize the brush strokes and the technique while the subject and colors are in constant transition. Like a painting, especially contemporary ones, they often require focus and concentration to get the most out of it. And like artists will do, occasionally a work fails to impress or the message gets lost in noise and distortion. But for the most part, Ghosts succeeds in staying fresh, suspenseful,  inventive, and imaginative. No you won't be humming these during your drive home or your morning workout. Trent wants to haunt your head, not to scare you. And in that regards, it works.
this is quickly becoming my favorite NIN album.  i can listen to the entire double disc album on a loop and not get tired of it.  the fact that there are no lyrics, keeps it fresh for me.  to me Reznor always excelled at composing music and this puts that right out there w/o the lyrics to overshadow it.
There are 36 tracks.  No lyrics.  A handful of the songs are really amazing.  The others are slow and methodical but still have the unique trent reznor sound.  Definitely worth it if you already like reznor's style.  Otherwise, you might be disappointed.
I'm really impressed with this latest release from Nine Inch Nails. It's darkly complex, rich, thought provoking and compelling--I love it.
I came up with these names for them.  The ones with astericks are my favorites.  I left out the tracks I don't like as much.  Let me know if you got any other names, or your thoughts on the tracks.G1 - Death*G2 - After LifeG3 - Your Life In Review*G4 - Battle For Your Soul*G6 - Blinking LightsG8 - Monster Stomp*G11 - Falling Down StairsG12 - Walking And DrivingG14 - Country Jam*G15 - Haunted BasementG16 - Electronic Groove*G18 - Groovey Electronics*G19 - Banging StuffG20 - Thru The Electric Storm*G21 - Blinking Lights 2G23 - Static RaceG24 - Get The Door!G26 - More DrivingG27 - Rocking GrooveG28 - Japanese GuitarG29 - Funky GrooveG31 - Live Jam (because they played it on the 2008 tour)*G33 - Marching StaticG34 - The Sad End*As you may have noticed, the first 4 have a theme of dying and the after life, with you getting pulled by both the dark and light in the 4th song, but the theme seems to end after that.
After twenty years on the scene, the artist wants to come out with something experimental. For most bands this is a signal that they're out of ideas and are about to collapse into radio nostalgia on way-back-weekends.Not Trent Reznor. The Ghosts are truly something very new on a long-known but previously underdeveloped foundation. Consider "A Warm Place" off Downward Spiral or the opening to "Something I could never have" off Pretty Hate Machine. These were reminders that beneath (and even coexisting with) the screams and mechanistic vicissitudes that define industrial music, Trent Reznor is a consummate musician."Ghosts" is fully a harmonic successor to the atmospheric movements on the very underappreciated "The Fragile". Consider the 1999 album's "La Mer" or "Pilgrimage" as opposed to "Where is Everybody?" or "The Wretched". Not to say that NIN isn't atmospheric, but rather that there are definitely tracks with an intentional message as opposed to tracks that are more meant for the listener to get lost in. Ghosts is clearly the latter.This is not an album you'll "get" in one sitting. It would fail miserably if it were so simplistic. Let it grow on you as you meditate through it.
Trent Reznor at his best without his voice.musical geniusenough said.
A sountrack to very different moments. An interesting record, specially Ghosts III and IV.Very good, but the instrumentals from The Fragile are way better.
I take it back. Although short and sweet, many of these tracks are already beginning to stick in my head. The only problem is remembering what number coincides with what music. This may not be a "CD", but it's hella handful of music. No groundbreaking radio hits but a few hours of cutting floor gold that could have been their own disks. Can't beat $5 bucks to download.
This is an instrumental album that you can relax by reading something....I dont recommend meditate because is  alittle strange music. It reminds me good soundtracks of video games. Sure this album is very strange and total different than their other albums. But i guess that if you like NIN then you would like this album too
Ghosts appeared on my head. I heard it arriving...Still Remember  the 03/03/08, when Trent made the big announce.Exit from the day - dream I was inside in between and come into the eyes wide close one. I go trough each one of the 36 stations, the space of a glimpse, and I make it clear. In the attempt to understand the spirit livens up the album, try to define the tracks. Because the beauty of the project is you can find a song describes every moment of your life.- 1) The first one speaks to me about an ending, not a history goes to open... but...carry on. From the end, a new beginning. - 2) The piano leading role. A whisper of something just arriving. - 3) Drums a go - go,  all lined up. - 4) Guitar talkin' about an opportunity to take - 5) The waiting time. - 6) Like a classical suite takes place in a limbo full of hope. - 7) Echoes of industrial tones. - 8) Distortions, choked screams, fighting, in the better tradition of Nin. - 9) Quiet, relaxing piano, a rest, but not a resignation. - 10) Fingers scratch the walls, difficults, but notes are climbing... - 11) Blows, thrilling, cinematic atmosphere. - 12) Melancholy, misunderstanding. Disappointment for all that could have been but... and the piano digs furrows in soul. - 13) This is the sea, or La Mer. Waves of calm before (others) storms. - 14) Tribal, exotic sounds push themselves way through the crowd. A rainy dance. - 15) Sense of lost, Shouts so far away, but deafening. - 16) Those voices, so chemical. - 17) A typical line of contemporary industrial civilization. - 18) All the people in queue for something, synth synth synth. - 19) The way before, pushed to the top. Flexible tubes, electronic hammers, breakdown tones, Nin's style at maximum. - 20) Instrumental textures building the alienated man, towards illusory resolution. - 21) Red Lanterns, directly from Hong Kong. Metropolitan labyrinth. - 22) Classical influences came from the childhood. - 23) Like barks of wolves in the mist. - 24) Tension dissolves itself. - 25) Alerts from the Future. - 26) Find a way, passing through. Many stops passing by. - 27) Bad tongues, fire spiral, audio effects, your penance. - 28) Urban Cowboy's long way home. How much effort and wisdom piled up. - 29) The same faces, the same routine, but different to you. - 30) Japanese mystery frame. - 31) From tunnel's bottom, awful visions. - 32) At times, sweaty, wet, ready - to - go, in front of the great choice. - 33) Scared of your intimacy, in a stranger body. - 34) The gates of evolution. - 35) Resist to the Ghosts. - 36) Embrace the Ghosts.Some tracks seem light like a feather, as in American Beauty, some others seem bring it on all the world's weight.All of this always In balance between symphony and metal.And the pdf book? It deserves a review, doesn't it?Ok, just a few mentions. A quote from Hitchcock's masterpiece, "The Byrds".On the whole, a suggestive scenario, a Journey in wich each song is like a travelling around yourself, as a planet.But the full - lenght album is proposing like to be the soundtrack of our times...We don't tell us about, all of us want to enter in TR's brain to understand much more.Now you are exploring everything, T., join the extremes together, make the Hard Rock and the Classical nearby.Now write a partiture, beat it! Or a OPERA, wonder everyone! So you're the man kick the world.I think T.R. is at the 4th mutation, really it's difficult to imagine a person more changeable... If you take the young Trent and make a comparison with the present, you find a man so different. But it's a resource.Did I get you T.?AtFirstSight
Ghosts I-IV is a 36 track instrumental collection, which was recorded over 10 weeks in the Fall of 2007.  It is totally made up of improv pieces performed by Trent and some friends.  This is definitely the most non-commercial release that Nine Inch Nails has ever put out.This is the kind of release that you have to sit down and listen to in its entirety; you can't easily pick and choose which tracks to listen to.  None of the songs have actual titles, and at first, that can seem rather annoying.  However, after you listen to the work, you realize that titles wouldn't truly help you identify any of the songs.The music on the release ranges from slow, piano-based pieces to some rather uptempo pieces.  You can hear some elements from the Pretty Hate Machine and The Downward Spiral eras, but that's not to say Trent Reznor is regressing musically.  When you listen to the music, you can hear the elements, but they're cast in a more "modern" style.  Most of the songs clock in between two-and-a-half and three-and-a-half minutes (only three or four of the 36 tracks clock in at over five minutes).While this was an interesting listen, it's probably something I won't listen to very much.  Not because it's bad, but because right now, I simply don't have many opportunities to set aside two hours of my day to just sit down and listen to music.
I'll admit, it took me a few listens, as I like the music, but each song is a very short single-themed piece which I wish had been maybe half the number of tracks with interwoven themes.  That being said, it has become mandatory writing music, as the music builds soundscapes that are quite conducive to imagery.  After listening to the SLIP (which includes "The Four Of Us Are Dying" - a superior instrumental that DOES mix themes), I'm quite intrigued to find out if/when Trent will do GHOSTS V-VIII.  Of course, as I'm a die-hard NIN fan, I'd like him to do another three albums for purchase next week... but I think the poor man needs a nice long break.
It's more "The Fragile" than "The Downward Spiral".  It might be stronger with a bit of editing, but hey, it's self-published and Trent has a right to put out whatever he damn well wants to.  Although not atonal, it reminds me Jonny Greenwood's soundtrack to "There Will Be Blood".  It's sparse and subtly menacing, not the multilayered, claustrophobic aural bombardment that he's so well known for (and I mean that in a good way).  Each song is like the nagging doubt in the back of your mind:  incomplete and ambiguous, unsettling you the more you listen to it.  It's very much in keeping with David Bowie's "Low", one of Trent's favorite albums, or a darker version of Eno's "Music for Airports".  It takes a somewhat patient ear to appreciate the nuances of Ghosts, but it's worth the effort.  Examining the deep recesses of one's psyche is not for the meek.
Well, it's been a long time since I've bought a nine inch nails record.  The last one I bought was "Still".  Since then, I just haven't liked what Trent's been putting out.  I won't bash it or bash him for releasing it.  I've always had respect for Trent as a musician, but I guess maybe I just grew out of my ability to enjoy his more angsty/vocal side like I could when I was a wee shaver.  Having said that, I think this album is a very refreshing release.  I really like what he's done with the various release formats, and I like that it didn't take him 5+ years to come out with this.  The opening tracks I found to be stunningly beautiful, and while I do enjoy the rest of the album very much, I was hoping there'd be more low-key instrumentals in the vein of "Leaving Hope" from Still, etc...  Nevertheless, if you're a fan of Trent because of his musical creativity and not just because of his image, you'll probably be able to appreciate this.
Finally free from record companies, contracts, and the like; Nine Inch Nails mastermind Trent Reznor has unleashed "Ghosts I-IV", an entire album of instrumental work.  As a longtime NIN fan, I personally was a little apprehensive when I first approached "Ghosts", but thankfully, I ended up being pretty satisfied.  Tracks 22, 24, and 28 in particular are the most memorable moments to be heard here, as there are some great uses of the piano (!) to be heard that are peppered throughout the album.  Although at times "Ghosts" borderlines on self-indulgence, as a whole, the album is a real treat, and is a welcome departure from Nine Inch Nails' usual brand of discontent.  Clocking in at under two hours in length, "Ghosts" moves along without ever really feeling that long at all.  All in all, "Ghosts I-IV" is a more than welcome cry of freedom from Trent Reznor and co., and with more "Ghosts" promised to be appearing in the future, here's hoping that Nine Inch Nails continue to climb new heights of creativity.
For those unfamiliar with this album, it's a collection of short instrumental "sketches" that Trent Reznor fleshed out with several collaborators including Adrian Belew.  Probably not something to throw on at a party, or listen to in the car during rush-hour, but it makes for great listening while reading, writing, or web-surfing.  It's moody in places (with Reznor that's a given right?) and sounds like pieces from some spooky film noir movie.  A great value for the price, and I honestly find myself more taken with it than anything he's released since the "Downward Spiral."  Hopefully he will release something else along these lines in the future; I know I will snap it up if he does.  Thanks Trent!
This is an important work, and the fact that some of the hardcore NIN fans don't like it means that Trent is growing.  Some of you need to think about that.
This is a modern symphony to life that volleys between intensity and sweetness.  There are elements of classical music, heavy metal, rock, tribal beats, alternative riffs, lyricism, and moody keyboard work.I can't say I loved every track, but it certainly held my interest.  (Some elements reminded me of Wendy Carlos' synthesizer music.)GHOST would make a great score for a movie, but I'm sure someone has already optioned it.All in all a worthwhile use of five dollars and your time.
I never thought I'd hear something so pure from Trent! It's very exciting times to be a NIN fan! Imagine if all artists did this?
What an interesting collection.  Certainly visual music, with no words, that easily gets me distracted while I'm driving or talking.Not as hard as one might expect for NIN at times.  Certainly as complex, rhythmic, industrial at points as expected.  I can forsee this music being used in movies, if allowed.Very lurky, mechanistic, sometimes erie. Menacing. Lots of simplicity leading to confusion & chaos.A feel in a spot or two of Pink Floyd type Dark Side of Something.Being 36 tracks, I haven't made it entirely through as many times as I'd like. The more I listen, the more I like.
Year Zero and AWITHA TEETHA were massive disappointments. There was no creativity or effort displayed in most of the songs on those albums, a few truly were good though. After spending 1989-1999 on an amazing creative stretch it appeared that Trent was out of gas.This shows that Trent still has more than a little left in the tank and that he has grown as an artist. This won't be for everyone, especially those kids who recently discovered Broken. I think for those that are roughly Trent's age and have followed him from the beginning this is an effort worth appreciating.The one thing that I haven't heard much about is the license that Trent released Ghosts under. It is an open source license.[...]That means that you can actually  share these songs with friends and strangers alike without worrying about getting sued. You can also remix it and release it. I am interested to see how people finish these wonderful, but obviously unfinished songs.Trent is also having a film festival of sorts, highlighting visual work based off of Ghosts.These sorts of things show how valuable it is to move the money stealing, soul crushing major labels out of the way between the artist and fans.Hopefully others will follow suit, I would love to see an unfettered Smashing Pumpkins. I truly hope that Trent and others use this type of model and their fame to help up and coming artists get more exposure without being filtered by big business.
I've never been the biggest NIN fan out there but I am really enjoying this release. My only wish was was there was a bit more separation between the ambient type songs and the more upbeat/techno ones instead of them being as interspersed as they are. Other than that, the music is very creative of course and I hope Reznor continues with this series/project.
Reznor's "Ghosts I-IV" is good.  That much I am sure of, and while I'm not completely sure what I think about it yet, whatever the final verdict is, he had an interesting idea that was worth exploring."Ghosts" is odd not because of its large number of tracks or because it is purely instrumental, but because it is so thematic.  Despite the wide spectrum of possibilities he could have explored making an instrumental album, and his proven ability to conjure up some truly bizarre ambience (like in a lot ofThe Downward Spiral), he focused almost solely on loop driven, rhythmic pieces in which most of the sound comes from guitar or piano.  For better or for worse, "Ghosts" is nowhere near as diverse as the instrumental work from theThe Fragile.Although others have said they find each volume of the 4 contained in "Ghosts I-IV" to be thematically different, I find the entire thing to be a consistent mood piece... spacious and reminiscent of a desert landscape, with forays into cool caves and shaded spaces, but always with that incredibly dry aesthetic.  The volumes only differ in the sounds added or subtracted from their palettes (for example, III has a lot more Aphex Twin-esque synth basslines).Initially many of the guitar riffs and piano arrangements seem signature Reznor, almost to the point of self parody.  However, the strength of "Ghosts" really lies in the careful organization and panning of sounds, the gradual swell of every track into a usually abrupt cut-off.  Despite lacking the free-form organization of true ambient music, these songs really are sound environments.  The lack of development in each track matters little when each song is a trip back to a different area of the same imaginary land..."Ghosts I-IV" may lack some of the intensity of previous NIN because the way it's put together prevents any kind of tension from building, but it's still full of great ideas.  I also give "Ghosts I-IV" a lot of credit for being a double album that I almost always listen to in one sitting, a rare thing (I don't even usually do that withThe Fragile).  It flows very well and is very listenable, and it feels much shorter than it is.So for $5, how could you go wrong?
This isn't a bad release as it is a lot of new material.  It is all instrumental though so don't be surprised not to hear Reznor's voice.  My only complaint is that you pay $5 on Amazon for the mp3 downloads yet you can pay the same price and buy it directly from Nine Inch Nails and you get a lossless copy.  You can also pay $10 and get the CD release along with immediate lossless downloads.As I said, this album isn't bad but it definitely isn't Reznor's best work.  Think of it as more of a collection of ideas that wouldn't normally make a Nine Inch Nails record.
2008 Release 36 Tracks - Wanted to know what this was about. &#34;Curiosity Killed The Cat, but He Died Satisfied&#34; - am glad to have this in my collection, some tracks are more interesting than others, but it can be hard core, no vocals, instruments, sounds, hey, it's Metal. 9 tracks of Ghost I, 1st starts with a Piano sound, Some tracks in II have Piano sound, Some tracks in III, (Track 24 has a interesting sound, drive to it, like this one,) Ghost IV closes it's sequence with some resolution.  This is NOT John Cage with &#34;Prepared Piano&#34; it might grow on you.  My beautiful yellow, green & blue parakeet seems to like some tracks, sings along track 11, 29 Ghosts IV - is it organized noise? Are you man enough for this Album set?  You decide.. I'm a long time fan of Frank Zappa, & The Mothers, but many of his compositions have &#34;comedy relief along the way&#34; like &#34;Uncle Meat&#34; which was complex, but at least I could whistle the main themes, but this NIN is much more of a challenge. Thanks to Professor Fischer at Pasadena City College in '70 for introducing me to so many different kinds, types of music, Gregorian Chants to &#34;Sunken Cathedral&#34;, and the many beats, musical scales. I did get an A- on my Synthesizer paper, learned much as well. It was my &#34;fun&#34; class when I went to college after USAF in '70.  This is a long way from singing in Church on Sundays. *keep smiling* -30-
So Trent Reznor has been making music for a long time now and ever since "With Teeth", he has been in one of his most prolific periods.Also, even since "With Teeth", it seems like he has been getting more and more minimalistic with his work.  Do not get me wrong, it is still good and this album as well as his newest one, The Slip, are both awesome.  This is an instrumental work that covers a broad range of musical styles and moods, but as I was saying, it is more and more minimalistic.If you are a NIN fan, you must own this.  If you are a fan of electronic music, this might suit you, but you are a fan of only the poppy NIN stuff or the radio hits, this is not the album for you, but on that same note, the entire cd is only 5 bucks, so you might as well check it out and if you do not like it, you are only out a couple of bucks in the end.
I have, over the last year or so, become a massively huge Kurt Vile fan.  I started with  &#34;Smoke Ring For My Halo,&#34; and I gradually worked backwards to his previous releases.  I found this to be one of the stronger releases of his &#34;older&#34; material.  For me, Kurt's music works best when played straight through, but that doesn't mean they don't work well when you just flip through for those one or two songs that you just love!
The Nils have been largely unknown in the states for quite a while now. That's a shame. All through the 80s and 90s, the punk and powerpop inspired rock band, based out of Montreal, Quebec, created a lot of interesting tunes. They're perhaps best known for "Scratches And Needles", but listening through this whole collection has been a lot of fun. Tracks such as "Call of the Wild", "In Betweens", and "Slip Away" sound pretty nice.In terms of style, the Nils seem a lot to me like the 'Ramones of the North'. They both have a fast, heavy, and often minimilistic punk rock sound, letting the guitars do their thing, coupled with working-class lyrics about heartbreak and everyday life. Swap the Canadian accents for British ones and you could have a lost Buzzcocks album here.At any rate, the songs are catchy as anything. There's some unnecessary things on here such as a radio interview with the band, and, to be honest, nothing else seems to reach the pure poppy punk pinnacle of "Scratches And Needles". Nonetheless, I totally recommend this album-- the whole thing.
The 3 new tracks alone are worth the purchase, despite the recent move towards more guitar driven tracks.  The remixes are good, but honestly you can't improve on perfection, more often than not the remixes often just make me thirst for the original track because the remix doesn't satisfy my want to hear the song.  Aside from 1 remix being so-so, overall they are good and even though they try to put a different spin on the original, they aren't as good as the original but it's nice to see my favorite tracks in a new light.If you're fan, this is a must buy, if you're new to Iris, I recommend you check out their previous two albums as this isn't a good starting place to sample them.
The Perfume Tree song here is listed incorrectly.  The song in the movie "Weirdsville" and the song available for download here is actually "Blue Stars" off the CD "A Lifetime Away", NOT "Uneasy" as is listed in the track listing.
I first discovered this band via their song "I Thought You Died the Last Time."  While the rest of the album doesn't quite have the same feel as that song, it is nonetheless packed with interesting songs and sounds.  Some similarities with Mogwai, though this Eksi Ekso album has more driving strings involved.
Sweet ambient soundscapes. At times the songs sound a little similar and drag but overall really nice. I look forward to the next release.
Fun and exciting music that will draw comparisons to Scott Pilgram vs. The World but still manages to stand on its own.  The songs are very raw sounding with distorted vocals and such but without sounding like it was by design.  Short and to the point, they pound on your ears and rock your ass.
The newly-relevant Dark Clan weaves trancelike melodies that slip over the transom of your consciousness and insinuate themselves into your dreams.
I really have enjoyed Johnny B Morbid newest album, and thought I would check out some older stuff. I dig this album a lot, good hard horrorpunk sound just slightly underproduced, but that somehow works well with it. Check it out.
K.C. McKanzie and Joe Budinsky come from Berlin, but they sound as if they come from the heartlands of the USA. Their music is folk and blue-grass oriented. Their songs are fragile but their is a sense of dangerous magic lingering on this album. The enchanting song of a siren luring the listener to the snakepit. But the danger won't stop you from listening. You're hooked!
1. Bust Out2. The Mongoose and the Snake3. Hi and Lo4. Blood Orange Sun5. White Trash Toodle oo6. Julie Grave7. Rosanne8. Hammerblow9. Tom the Lion10. Wingtips11. Breathe12. The Good Things13. Arrancate
I love how melodic this track is.  Simple, pure, and rich.  You can't get this one on iTunes . . . download it here and thank Amazon.com once again!
This is a nice album that was released in 1990 and I've had it since then - thought I'd add my two cents as the first official Amazon review of the album.  It is highly melodic - with to me a Moody Blues influence here and there - though with clarinet instead of flute.  (they will probably not cop to that but that is my impression) . Nice symphonic elements in places.  Half the songs are more serious and dramatic and the other half are quirky and tongue and cheekily witty.  The album doesn'tgo out of its way to have stylistic consistency - but that's OK.  It goes back and forth at times between joking around and being earnest.Best songs IMHO:  I Hate The Hate, Only Animals, Choosing, and Rare Time - and Fossil Rockets (the latter being in the highly quirky vein - somehow in a stream of consciousness juxtaposing ancient housewives and dinosaurs and fossils and rockets and cavemen watching TV understanding nothing).  The others mentioned are all in the style where I think the band excels - a thoughtful dramatic quality yet with a tongue in cheek gentle cynicism and irony. The clarinet solo on Only Animals is really out there and it works.  Kevin Slick seems to be one of the main songwriters if not THE songwriter  behind this album but it appears that another band member is lead vocalist on some songs - at least it sounds that way - I unfortunately don't have the album jacket available at the time of this writing - but the recording sounds like a real collaborative band effort.  But I sense that Slick dominates the album with his influence.  Slick has a deep baritone voice that adds another dramatic quality at times.  Neo Pseudo was from Pennsylvania and was active in local clubs in State College, PA in the early 90's - Kevin apparently now is in the Boulder, CO area.
The Corner Laughers produce some of the most consistently enjoyable jangle pop you'll ever hear, with a few country touches.
Neurosis is better to listen to live than to listen to a studio recording. I've seen them play three times thus far in concert. And if you can't see them in concert then listening to a well crafted live album is the next best thing.
Love the whole CD some songs more than others, but you'll have that with any CD. I will listen to the whole thing through without skipping over any though. Remnant of a Ramstein, but a British Steampunk version. Sleep Isabella is awesome, listen to the song samples and check out the video on you tube, you'll be hooked.
I have been listening to this ablum for over 10 years, I was a DJ (The Clubhouse)in NJ where the band always packed the house, with a great mix of ska, raggae and ROCK & Roll FUNK!! If you have seem them in a club in the 90's you will remember all the songs! & if you didn't you wish you have. Best Song "favorite flavor"
"Searching For You" is the impressive debut from UK multi-instrumentalist and singer/songwriter Spinous.  This album is filled with ten catchy and groovy pop songs that draw from rock, funk, and r&b.;  With the exception of some of the drum and bass work, Spinous composed and performed all of the arrangements on this release, showing his skill both in layering and arranging.  Spinous gives a strong vocal performance that sounds somewhere between Sting, Seal, and Prince.  The songs are catchy and melodic, with great toe-tapping beats and meaningful, memorable lyrics.  Spinous also self-produced "Searching For You," and it sounds great, his full vision fulfilled.  "All I Need Is Time" begins with a nice drumbeat and keyboard work, then builds to incorporate a groovy guitar line and moves into great lyrical verse.  "All The Things" is an incredibly poppy song with an energetic drumbeat, refined keyboard progressions and solos, more great lyrics, and a catchy chorus.  Overall, "Searching For You" is a great debut from Spinous, with great groovy tracks that'll simultaneously make you want to move and sing along.  Fans of groovy pop with rock, r&b;, and funk influences should check Spinous out.[...]
Not to be confused as a 'new wave' band because they are from Britain, recorded in the 80s, and member Terry Hall was in the Specials AND Fun Boy Three, The Colourfield does show some similarities to those bands at times, but also has a more pop/jazz fusion sound of the mid-80s, often reminding me of post-True Spandau Ballet. This reissue of the second of their two albums has excellent sound quality, even though I read it was supposedly poorly mastered. Along with a couple of b-side bonus tracks, you get the single remix of "She", a second version of "Monkey in Winter" with a pre-popularity Sinead O'Connor handling vocals beautifully, and, what doesn't make sense to me, the Arthur Baker DUB of Running Away (cover of a Sly Stone song). I don't understand WHY they didn't include the VOCAL 12" mix by Arthur Baker! The dub is a pretty pointless instrumental. Oh well, do they EVER get the track lists right on these reissues???
Sinead O'Connor covered "A Monkey In Winter" later in the 80's. I owned this album on cassette and bid high for a CD copy on Ebay. The lyrics are haunting and clever. The music was edgier and more progressive than 80's bands of the day. If you ever liked this band's other hits, this was the lost gem before they broke up. So glad to find this to download singles. I recommend "confession".
Terry Hall has delighted me since the mid 80's.  Deception is an offering which tuggs at the heart strings with a gentler bent. This album is an excellent addition to any alternative music library
I wish this band was still around as I think a matured second album would be much better. That being said this one is definitely worth the money if you enjoy this kind of music. Turn of Phrase and Your Killing me are my personal favorites, and I'll be honest that while I know the rest of the cd is good, it tends to blend for the most part.For me, I would still support these musicians given the lead singers health issues (hearing issues technically) and the fact that this is a pretty solid Album.
&#34;Fire of Life&#34; is a collection of recordings from 1969 - 1974 by the band Changes led by Robert N. Taylor and Nicholas Tesluk.  The legend behind this 1996 release is that Michael Moynihan of Blood Axis received a &#34;Yule Greetings&#34; card from Taylor, struck up a friendship, and then worked to release this collection.  While generally lacking the angst and post-apocalyptic assault of later acts including Death in June, Sol Invictus, Rome, and others, Changes still managed to quickly become popular in the Euro Neo-Pagan, NeoFolk scene. While the quality of this recording is less than stellar, it does provide a view into the creative process of the cousins Taylor & Tesluk.  Listeners are likely to prefer the lengthy &#34;Twilight of the West&#34; which was later re-recorded and included on the &#34;Orphan in the Storm&#34; album.  Here however, the cousins Taylor / Tesluk share the vocals in a way that one can imagine a chorus of fans singing along with what was, certainly at least at the time, the primary anthem of Changes.  &#34;Stranger in the Mirror&#34; is also a standout and became the centerpiece of the later album &#34;Legends&#34; which expanded the Norse focus to include lyrics regarding key European legends sung along to the same melody of &#34;Stranger.&#34;  A few other songs would also be re-recorded for the &#34;Lament&#34; album including the haunting &#34;The Saddest Thing.&#34;  While not representative of much of the neo-apocolyptic genre which would follow, this early glimpse at the folk-renderings of Changes certainly will be appreciated by those fans of Changes 12-string guitar and heart-felt lyrics.
It feels more experimental and less polished than the first album, but there's a lot more variety and plenty of good songs. I would have loved to see where they were going with this, but there is no cohesion to it. It's really not like anything else I've heard because each song in the album tends to diverge from everything else.
I stumbled across Kill The Camera on myspace one day and decided to give the CD a try. The songs are really good and most every chorus is catchy as hell. You won't be dissapointed. The production leaves a little to be desired but most of the songs make up for it. The disc has 6 pop punk influenced rock songs and 1 ballad "Waiting For You". Check it out. I am glad I did!
On the spectrum of Koyczan's works, APDCMC ranks a little less polished than Remembrance Year, but portends of the coming greatness. In all, Koyczan makes a pretty decent masterpiece.
Shortly before I purchased the MP3 download of this release, I had been reading an interview with Geoff Tate and Chris DeGarmo about the 20th anniversary re-release of Queenryche's Empire.  Below the interview was a user comment along the lines of, "Hey, whatever became of Chris?  Is he still doing music?" and an answer not too far down from there stated he was now a charter pilot and wasn't really active in the music industry.  Well, I had to find out if that was true as the last time I saw him was on tour with Jerry Cantrell and he seemed to be having a great time and he's certainly very talented.  So, I popped on over to Wikipedia and there were two references that confirmed he has been a charter pilot for the last 3-5 years.  But the Wiki article also mentioned spys4darwin and clicking through, it even provided the origin of the group's name (a funny story for those interested).  I then remembered hearing about this project not long before Layne Staley's death, but I never got around to checking it out.  The CD isn't available any more (except used), but Amazon has it in MP3.  I gave a quick listen to the samples and bought it within a few minutes.  I don't know why it took me so long to pick this up.  You have 3/4 of the surviving members of the classic Alice-in-Chains line up and half of the main writing duo from the original Queensryche line up!  At first, this sounded nothing like either band, but on subsequent listens I began to pick up dashes of flavor from both.  If you like both Alice in Chains and Queensryche, I doubt you'll be disappointed.  Then again, you might be as disappointed as I that an alleged full 12-track album never surfaced.  It's like getting an appetizer for the main course... you are left hungry.  Satisfied, but still hungry.
For those unfamiliar with Algae this collection is the full load meaning it includes all his commercial releases and some unreleased tracks  under the title of his never recorded full length album.It covers material from the band Afterbirth that he was frontman for to his solo named stage to his final days with Playpen.I rated it so highly because if you are a fan it has the song you want!Algae is a member of the New England Rock and Roll Hall Of Fame and back in the 80's and early 90's his various bands delivered his unique Diaper Rock that has elements of metal &#34;Medical Waste&#34;, punk &#34;I Reject&#34; reggae &#34;Baby Rasta&#34; rockabilly &#34;Baby Elvis&#34; and more even his Hip Hop Diaper Rap &#34;Mini Golf&#34;.Experience one of the most creative artists or one of the most bizarre, you be the judge as you enjoy it!
Love Spirals Downwards is a new find for me, although they have already come and gone (sadly).  I am a Cocteau Twins fan since the 80's, and I am suspicious of anyone who is compared to the twins--it is a comparison that few can live up to, but I can totally understand how the comparison is made here.  Vocals are lovely.  No, she doesn't sound like Elisabeth Frazer, but she is lovely--soft, nuanced and ethereal.  The guitars do sound much like classic CT, with heavily treated sound effects and gentle strumming.  No harsh drums here, so think Victorialands or even Milk and Kisses as a touch stone, but make no mistake, LSD is their own band.  Definitely a nice listen after a long day, will lull you off to a magical dream land. I'm goign to work my way through all of this band's work.
If you like Paper Route or The Naked and Famous you will enjoy this little collection. They seem to be playing around with their sound and giving new vocalists a try.Love it!
Fan_3, now known as Fannius III, has returned with her solo comeback single "Girlfriend (I Can)", a summery beach hip-hop track with smooth guitars and production that fits right over the happy-go-lucky melody and sing-along worthy chorus."Girlfriend" is lyrically Fan's best single to date with clever lines such as "If you could be my heat/Then I could be your Fan/If you could be my stereo/Then I could be your jam", while proclaiming she likes "long walks on the beach in the sand" and bakes "chocolate chip cookie cake". While the lyrics sound a bit like an e-Harmony profile or a Myspace 'about me', the cheesiness is fluffed over with Fan's laidback, chill personality that you can't help but like. (which unfortunately doesn't quite show in the unnecessarily sexual video)Overall, Fan has picked a great song to re-introduce herself to the public, though it is not without inevitable flaws. And I'm positive that when Fan finally has her day and releases her solo record, things will start looking very good for her future.
Ok - this was a great first taste. Please oh please don't be a one shot wonder...listen and I believe you will agree. Thanks to the alphabetical listing this track gets a lot of play - and I might add - I don't skip looking for that next happy track.
but even better for free.  Very good song.If the idea of giving it away was to get me interested in checking out other AHJr stuff - mission accomplished.
I admit: I've loved the band since their early-90s heyday (I own the deleted-in-one-day "I Want to Kill Somebody" single) and rued the fact that they disappeared so quietly from the music scene after one album. After hearing news of new gigs in the mid-2000s I spent about three years eagerly awaiting new material from S*M*A*S*H, then looked away for a minute (OK, another four years!!) and then they release a whole album of new material. And it's good. Hearing Ed's voice is like reuniting with an old friend. The songwriting has changed since the frenzy of "Self Abused" (as you'd expect after so long a sabbatical) but it still has plenty of energy (in places) and great lyrics: open, heart-on-sleeve, political, fragile.The production is even patchier than Self Abused, but that's to be expected given the band's circumstances. The duets are a major departure, perhaps not fully integrated with the rest of the record."Self Abused" is still my favourite, but Icon is good. How about another album sometime this decade guys?
Highly recommend this album. Despite its flaws (its their first album that they recorded in some college's classical music hall, for chrissakes) you can hear they are some super talented musicians who play extraordinarily well together. They songs are all very good. Just buy it and enjoy. Even better, buy it, enjoy it, and go see them live.
Lush Progress has a pretty eclectic sound, very reminiscent of Radiohead's older works and Snow Patrol's newer sound. I highly recommend this album to anyone looking for a new sound without venturing into the extremely strange. Eclectic, new, atmospheric and still a good simple sound.
Lush Progress's Elevator Dream is an enjoyable listen that will keep you entertained while not breaking any new ground. From start to finish, Lush Progress covers a wide variety of styles; songs like "All In Good Time"  mesmerize with strings and space-esque sound effects while others like "Pop Song" make you want to dance along with the bouncy brass and guitars. Although some songs do their respective styles respect, others seem like they were simply thrown together with no thought. In fact, the album breaks down significantly as the album progresses, with the last two tracks feeling drawn out and unnecessary. Still, the same can be expected from most albums. Overall, Elevator Dream provides 11 hit-or-miss tracks that, in the end, will leave you smiling.
There's really nothing bad to say about this CD. The music itself is very ambient and relaxing (the exception being "Pop Song" which is, true to its name, very upbeat and catchy), and each song flows smoothly into the next. It's well worth the price of a mere 9 bucks.
I have been listening to Fall Silent since 1998. I can still remember when they played at Sparks High School, for some girl who was running for class president,  and they called it a riot. I lost my &#34;No Strenght to Suffer&#34; cd, so this was my best replacement. If you like Hardcore, then you need this album.
i am a big "the faint" fan. and when i first heard this cd i was disappointed. to me it sounded nothing like wet from birth or danse macbre. but, the faint always evolves. and thats something that they have really done with this album as they have done in the past.this is definitely a more European get up in the club dance cd meets trent reznor with nin at the same time. and as i have been listening this cd i can't stop listening because it grows on you. the more times you listen to it the more you like it. thats what i love about the faint!!!!
A solid album from the Faint, I tend to like Danse Macabre a bit more, but this one is still quite entertaining if you are into electronic music.
really solid album by former Remy Zero member. Complex and yet accessible, rewards many listens, lots of fun.
Each song is a gem. Great songwriting, great sound - Inspiring yet often painful message.
After hearing 2005's "Be With" I have been anxiously engaged in waiting for a full length release form Koushik. The Canada native whose music sounds like a cross between label mate Mablid (Yesterdays New Quintet, Madvillian, Quasimoto) who admittedly inspires Koushik, The Beach Boys, and My Bloody Valentine, proves with 'Out My Window" that patience truly will achieve more than force. All warped and wrapped into one dusty package, the end result is a digital form of sunshine; the music radiating a joy and sentiment of a child-like innocence. Armed with dusty break-beats and folk guitars (as well as tons of other instrument samples, including horns and rhodes) Koushik creates an ambient funky-jazzy-pop-ish world, inhabited only by a few, if any. Where Koushik's vocal capabilities may fall short a times, the musical arrangements are more than sufficient for one's full listening attention. Hazy and alluring, "Out My Window" is one grand listening experience.
"Out My Window" is complex and innovative, but not in a distracting way as some more experimental electronic albums sometimes are. It is clear that a lot of time and thought has gone into this album, and I am very impressed by the maturity of the sound given that this is, as I understand, Koushik's first full-length.The subdued nature of most of the songs is hides their complexity, and they survive repeated listens very well. Most songs work best as background music.I can't say I like all tracks, but here are the ones I kept from this album: "Be with", "Lying in the sun", "Nothing's the same", and "In a green space".
This is a tasty and uniformly entertaining collection of adult-alternative (AA) performances from the studios of KCRW, the Southern California NPR affiliate and home of the popular program "Morning Becomes Eclectic".  Several of these songs will already be familiar to AA radio fans, like "Falling Slowly" by The Swell Season (Hansard and Irglova, the wonderful starring duo from the indie hit film "Once"), which opens the album.  Other familiar names include Spoon, The Shins and Seawolf.  This is at least the third live-in-studio version I've heard of Seawolf's "You're a Wolf" - the others from World Caf&eacute; and Daytrotter - but it's still a fine song. Spoon always sounds great in any venue, and their version of "I Summon You" is no exception.  The Shin's version of "Australia" actually sounds quicker, brighter and bouncier than the album version.  Then there are The Ting Tings and Architecture in Helsinki, whose fun and spirited performances are guaranteed to get your toes tapping.  The other artists aren't as familiar to me, but as in most better music samplers, their tracks pique my interest to want to hear more (especially Goldspot, Great Northern, and Bat for Lashes).  My only complaint is that the collection could have been at least two or three tracks longer, like the live-in-studio collections from the similarly-themed NPR program "World Caf&eacute;".  It's a very good compilation, even if some of the songs here are, by now, a little overly-familiar to listeners of this radio format.  For the uninitiated, though, it's a perfect introduction to some of the best alternative and independent music around.
This CD is a mixed bag in the best of senses: the songs on the disc have little in common with each other.  They're all acoustic live performances, which I always love.  It's a great introduction to some bands that I hadn't heard of, and gave me a chance to listen to some bands that some friends had recommended but I hadn't had the chance to follow up on.My favourite track on the album is the opener, "Falling Slowly" by Swell Season.  I could have done without the Adventures in Helsinki track.  I've bought a couple of albums as a result of hearing the songs here, and will buy some more in the future.  That's the mark of a great compilation: it inspires you to learn more about something you hear.
I must say, the title "Sounds Eclectic" intrigued me, as those two words probably best describe my (extensive) music collection. And, while the focus of this compilation is alternative rock, by nature of the genre you get quite an eclectic range indeed.As if to prove a point, for my tastes, the compilation goes from a high point, with Swell Season's "Falling Slowly" immediately to a low point with Architecture in Helsinki's "Heart it Races". From there, the compilation finds its stride and continues a welcome journey across artists unknown and now-famous.To think that Great Northern was largely unknown when they performed this session of "Home" speaks to the quality of talent drawn to KCRW. In fact, I prefer the unvarnished performance of this compilation to the familiar incarnation in "Trading Twilight for Daylight". In the same vein, a lesser known breakout on this collection, The Ting Tings "Fruit Machine" evokes the energy of the earliest B52's.Whoever said music is dead? It's the big-studio-driven-overproduced machine is broken. And KCRW is proof that when you strip away veneer, and have the opportunity to truly hear the live harmonies and raw power of artists unknown, that indeed that is where true talent emerges.This is one ongoing series that I'll continue to buy. And, in the process, support our independent artists.
I didn't know about KCRW's studio collections until I encountered this CD.  I'm a huge fan of KGSR in Austin, Texas' Adult Alternative mixes, and this "Sounds Eclectic" is definitely on the same vein."Falling Slowly" is Glen Hansard and Marketa Irglova from the film "Once." One of the best songs of 2007, in my opinion. This version doesn't sound any different than the earlier recorded version, though.I have the Shin's album and prefer "Australia" live to the studio version.  Obviously, KCRW's studios have some great energy."You're a Wolf" by Seawolf is a song I've heard a lot and still enjoy.Spoon (coincidentally from the KGSR area, Austin) is always good no matter what.  This is a group I hope to see great things from.The great aspect about these type of collections is that you get to hear selections from artists that you will probably like if you like the headliners (such as Hansard and Irglova). Some new artists (for me) were Stony "Until You Leave," a good rocked out tune in a minor key.  The Ting Tings "Fruit Machine" has a strong energetic beat that reminds me of the 60s chick sound. Also love the orchestral harmony of Bat for Lashes "What's a Girl to do" with the strong drum backbeat.  This is a good one to listen to for Halloween.Rebecca Kyle, October 2008
iTunes and Amazon MP3 has made compilation albums obsolete.  Why buy a whole album when you can just buy the one or two songs that you know you like?  But you can look at Sounds Eclectic: The Next One as more of a sampler as unless you are an indie music fan you may not now any of the artist let alone any of the songs as Spoon and The Shins lead the album in name recognition.And the album does live up to its name with an array of different style from the sweeping epic by The Swell Season (you may remember them from winning the most recent Oscar for Best Original Song), the synthetics of Architecture in Helsinki, the quirky pop of The Ting-Tings, the hipster rock of Seawolf, and the haunting vibe of Bat for Lashes.  All the songs were performed live at radio station KCRW and there are untouched from their original performance.  So if you are looking for some new music, this may be the place to look.
THE NEXT ONE, another in the series of live in the studio recording by Santa Monica radio station KCRW provides a selection of tracks whose unifying characteristics seem to be that, well they're live in the studio and it seems like most are not signed to major labels.  Overall, the quality level is consistently good, with a few gems and no real clinkers.I came into this being familiar with a few tracks and a handful of these artists.  Of the ones I am familiar with, the version of the Oscar winning song FALLING SLOWLY (Swell Sessions)is superior to the version on the latest Frames album, though pretty similar to one from the soundtrack of once. Despite this being a tad overexposed, it is a great song and performance.  The intricate arrangement of HEART IT RACES by Architecture in Helsinki comes off pretty good in the live setting, but misses the more manic edge of the studio version.  AUSTRAILIA by the Shins sounds head and shoulders more livelily here than in its original version.  The band would be well advised to record that way in the future.  The track by Spoon is great, but no different from the version on GIMME FICTION.Of the artists that I was unfamiliar with, the two standouts are the Ting Tings and Goldspot.  FRUIT MACHINE by the Ting tings is a punky rocker with a nice edge that will more than likely lead me to investigate their debut CD.  TIMEBOMB by Goldspot is a lively piece of pop that stuck in my head from the first listen.  Also of note is Bat For Lashes thumping WHAT'S A GIRL TO DO, a 80-ish sounding song with a sinister undertone.  The rest are good, but have yet to distinguish themselves.Overall this is a good collection that can introduce a buyer to some good new music.  If you like what you hear, be sure to check out KCRW on internet radio as the bands here are just the tip of the iceberg when it comes to the eclectic playlists of that great station
I buy a lot of CD's and I guess, I am more of a complete album listener than a compilation listener. This is a great compilation of indie songs and a good introduction to a few great artists (like the shins), if you haven't heard them before. If you are big into indie music like I am, you are better off buying complete albums but would highly recommend this to someone new to indie music. "Australia" and "Falling slowly" are stand out tracks.
I've been a listener and fan of KCRWs Sounds Eclectic show for quite some time. Broadcasted out of Santa Monica, host Nic Harcourt features a great mix of music, interviews and live recordings during his two hour show.If you're a fan of indie music, this compilation is worth a listen, as are all the other Sounds Eclectic compilations.  This CD is a good mix of both emerging and well known artists.  Like all mix CDs (that weren't created by you), not every track is going to be a favorite, but you'll probably leave with one or two new artists you'll want to explore more.As an interesting aside, this CD is actually replicated on demand by Amazon.  Not sure why, but my best guess is to allow a larger catalog of lesser known artists.
Those who are familiar with Morning Becomes Eclectic will not be surprised by anything on this CD, because what you expect is what you get--interesting, creative bands bursting with energy and excitement, performing in a radio studio.  This can, at its best moments, turn out really upbeat, thrilling performances--see The Shins "Australia" or "Fruit Machine" by the Ting Tings.  The Shins I knew about and loved; the Ting Tings were a great discovery and I look forward to getting more.  Other tracks seem less great, but still listenable (Oliver Future, "Stranger than the Stranger".)  Nothing on this disc is going to make you stop the car, overcome with wonder.  But this is quite an enjoyable disc for those who like indie-style pop in all its current varieties, from post-shoegazing to post-punk.  Production values, are, as expected, fair.  These are live in studio style tracks, so you get occasional wrong notes, which sort of adds to the charm.  The band selection is interesting--some of these folks are really hot now, and it is great to hear tracks from when they were less well known and just performing their hearts out every chance they got.  The flow of the disc is odd, because this is definitely not an album, but a collection.  Ultimately, just as my title suggests, this is a very hip mix-tape, and like most mix tapes, the more you listen, the more fun you end up having.  Reservedly recommended for those who don't have a clue what I'm talking about, unreservedly recommended for those who listen to KCRW and already know what they are in for.
I'm not quite sure what to make of this cd. I assumed it is early versions of records later issued on major (or even minor) labels, done live.... but the way some of these are produced i can't see how they would've been live...The version of Falling Slowly by the Swell Season (AKA Glen Hansard and Markets Irglova) sounds so similar to the version by themselves under their actual names that i almost thought it WAS the same track, but it is definitely an earlier version on this cd (but equally as good!).Other standout tracks to me were Australia by the Shins (this one is really catchy with a late 70's pop feel to it), Until You Leave by Stoney (though i felt the vocals needed a little work, perhaps a different person singing them, the music was spectacular), and Timebomb by Goldspot (this song reminds me of music i would hear on top 40 radio in the early 1990's and this one would've fit in well with them...so perhaps they're behind the times a bit but the song is still pretty good).Some tracks I didn't care for were Heart It Races by Architecture In Helsinki (the style of music seems like techno meets regae and it just does not appeal to me), Fruit Machine by the Ting Tings (the music is actually pretty good, and could've ended up being a real rocker, but the lyrics and vocals totally make me dislike the track), What's A Girl To Do by Bat For Lashes (i couldn't even force myself to sit through this track twice to review it.... once was bad enough and i never want to hear it again in my lifetime.All in all, this cd appeals to a mass audience, especially for the inclusion of an early version of a song getting heavy rotation on MTV and VH1 these days (Falling Slowly by The Swell Season AKA Glen Hansard and Markets Irglova) and a lot of these songs may inspire listeners to go seek out more music by any of the artists contained within. I know i certainly would love to hear more by some of these artists.
This is a good set of music from what were largely undiscovered bands at the time.  I've never seen the movie, I understand it received terrible ratings.  Unlike the movie, the music is good.  I got to see Dead Leonard live in the '90s.  Good band, though admittedly, not my favorite song by them.  Wish I could find more of their stuff.
That song is While Your Lips are Still Red.  It's great to have Escapist in there too, something that was only released in the Japanese version of DPP.  While Your Lips are Still Red, however, is quite possibly the most touching, heartfelt, and real thing that Holopainen has ever written.  Everything else on this CD is icing on the cake, and the cake tastes good!
There are so many "Muzak" versions of modern songs out there - and you'll find none of them on this disk. The interpretations are anything but trite... they're full, rich, technically impressive and at times moving. This disk not relaxing - it's passionate, spirited and rousing. All 3 players are fantastic. I can't say I love every song, but there are enough to make this disk one of my favorites. It's the only disk of its kind Barton has ever done, and to my knowledge no one has crossed over with this level of prowess and beauty. If you love both contemporary and classical genres, buy this. It gets better each time you listen.
I LOVED Julia Brown's first CD and waited years for her new work.  This CD is absolutely worth buying!  Buy two copies and give one to a friend!
I remember seeing Adam perform in the 90s, the young girls went crazy, as did my date! He was very energetic, just like his easy to listen to and fun music.This album brings back some great memories.
Nowadays if you hear a horn section in a song, it's hard to shake the memory of Reel Big Fish from a decade ago; not there's anything wrong with bands whose name end in "'tones."  But the Features unapologetically bring on the brass with such taste and transcendent fun, that it makes me think many more decades back to "Hit the Road, Jack."  Good, fun, quirky rock.  Songs like "Wooden Heart" and "The Drawing Board" make you want to just get up and move around, even dance, for those of us inclined.  The lyrics are great and the melodies are catchy.  It reminds me a bit of the Heavy or the Raconteurs, and the singer definitely has an affinity for Jack White.  The vocals don't always hit the notes quite perfectly, but so what.  This is rock and roll.  Great stuff.
I found out what one of this musics' genre descriptor is..."Wonderful", ambient, "Found Source" Looping,etc. etc. , I came across this in my MUVE music phone service, and purchased it,after liking it. Why not 5 stars...it was too long for an alone listening..even escape-ing back in time .....on the (sub) liminal gate. Though the redundancey  and length would work well in a party et al; situation where astectic impact is first and real time is an unattended concept pushed away by..place  ???...Thoroughly enjoyable at intermitent play spaces, or even while creating another art form. I'd like much more and variant themes. VERY GOOD TRY IT..buy it
Super-sounding tracks from the Mono Men. Still blasting out the hard-rocking beats but with a little more maturity with the lyrics and riffs!Only compalint is the title should be 20 Cool Ones with 10 more songs!
I was attracted to this track because so many said it was the best version to date of this song. I love Brandi Carlile. However, Chrissie Hynde's version on "Isle of View" outdoes this one by just a bit, like ah.... one star?  I'd love to hear a duet between the two, or even an album of duets by the two. The old mistress and the up and coming star (BC is no upstart). Why not? It would be a lot of fun for all concerned.
"Live At the House of Sin" is an incredible collaboration between English singer/songwriter Phil Shoenfelt and Czech violinist and guitarist Pavel Cingl.  Recorded live at the Nova Sin club in Prague, this album features digs into the Shoenfelt songbook and features Shoenfelt on acoustic guitar and lead vocals, reminiscent of Iggy Pop and Nick Cave, and Cingl contributing incredible violin and electric guitar work to accompany the acoustic rhythms and give the tracks a full sound.  The resulting songs have a great mix of gothic and folk, as Shoenfelt delivers intelligent and memorable lyrics of sorrow, love, life, and death.  This is the type of performance best heard live, and "Live At the House of Sin" is recorded cleanly and the product sounds great.  "Saviour's Day" begins with clean acoustic and violin work, then moves into a sorrowful violin progression that perfectly matches the sadness of Shoenfelt's lyrics of lost love.  "Shivers Inside" features electric and acoustic guitar work, and is an incredible, slow and lyrical love song from Shoenfelt.  "Hospital" is another great violin and acoustic collaboration that creates a beautiful harmonic sound and features more great lyrics from Shoenfelt.  "Live At the House of Sin" is a great album, beautifully arranged, and thought-provoking from a couple of talented musicians with a lot of street cred.  Fans of goth, folk, and the likes of Iggy Pop and Nick Cave should definitely pick this one up.
Usually I try to preview songs online before I buy them, but I couldn't find full-length versions of this band's tracks anywhere. I'd heard Stephanie Dougherty on the Dropkick Murphys track "Dirty Glass," so I ended up just picking up the album before an extended trip. Definitely worth the money in my opinion. Personal favorite tracks include "Grey Skies Turn," "Open Casket," "Freshly Minted Royalty," and "Unpaid Bills." Realistically, there wasn't a song on the CD I couldn't get into. I'm looking forward to more releases by the band.
(From the review at Heathen Harvest) "The Late Show" is a luxurious experiment in the layering of sound.  Each song seems to be a vignette, setting for us a place, a mood, and a tale set to our own imagination.  The apparatus used and genres combined is nothing new, but here it is done with a skilled hand, and most importantly a sense of humor.  That in itself takes away any pretentiousness from it, making it a satisfying voyage both musically and intellectually.
Catchy lo-fi punk rock - who says made in China means second-rate? They do get slightly repetitive, but the best tracks, like Zhong Nan Hai and Mo-gu will be stuck in your head for days.
I happened to get to know this band through my Chinese colleagues, and decided to get an album imported. I'm glad I did. The Carsick Cars have found a great merge of the lo-fi-meets-pop attitude of groups like Sonic Youth and Sebadoh, or other Lou Barlow-related projects. Perhaps, this does not come as a surprise for a band that opened for Sonic Youth on some show of their European tour in 2007. The nice thing about this record is the genuine enthusiasm of the recording. For me, the combination of quite upbeat songs and layers of distortion works quite well.This is their first record; their second came out in 2009 (You Can Listen You Can Talk, only available for MP3 download on Amazon for now). I'm not sure whether I would agree with the previous reviewer about the repetitiveness of the record, at least, not that it's more repetitive than Sonic Youth's later records for instance. They create a certain groove in their songs, which does indeed appear on most of the album. Maybe the tempo, and build-up of the songs are fairly similar, even though the quiet-loud thing is skillfully applied.
How can I be the first to review this record?  It easily tops my best of 2008.I only reserve 5 stars for masterpieces but I'd give it 4.5 stars if possible.  This record is for everyone who loved Figure 8 by Elliott Smith.  The difference is that Elliott could more adeptly hide his  influences.  These guys have 'The Beatles' embroidered on their cuffs. But, I'm okay with it because they do it to perfection with original songs and a basket full of hooks.
This is a great album.  It's such a cool style of music that not many people decide to play.  The whole desert/stoner rock genre is so awesome.  It's probably Fatso Jetsons tightest record.  The songs are well structured and not so spacey as on some of their other albums.  Check this out during the summer time while playing in the sun ;).  A great relase from an under the radar band.
It really is. After listening to this album a few times over it grew on me, especially the more melodic songs. This doesn't really sound like their previous releases, but if can stray from traditional psychobilly you will enjoy this album!
I was disappointed when i found out that HRC broke up, but was excited to see what this new group would do (considering i think it has 3/4 HRC members).In general it still sounds like good HRC, but you can tell that 1/4 is missing.I really like it.  the only song i usually skip is "walk away".  I especially like "fallen".  hayley williams backups definitely add to the feeling of the song.This little EP is worth getting.  i'm looking forward to a full release from these guys.
4 Out of 5 Doctors had so many things working against them that finding their two albums finally online is close to a miracle. They were a DC area band that saddles themselves with an absurd name. They came out at a time when a name like that pegged them right smack dab into the "New Wave" category...despite the fact that they were powerpop to their innermost Cheap Trickian hearts. Their 1980 debut album had an absolutely wretched cover that hid spectacular cuts like "Modern Man" and "Opus 10/I Want Her."But man oh whammo, even these roadblocks could not hide the fact that 4/5 Dr's debut and the 1982 "Second Opinion" were should have been smashes that got buried in the new wave glut. The band contained three ace writers in bassist/vocalist Cal Everett and guitarists Jeff Severson and George Pittaway, (along with drummer Tom Ballew) and there's nary a weak cut here. Like so many of the bands on CBS that got trapped on the many offshoot labels like Nemporer and Portrait, the Docs got brushed aside commercially when a little effort might have made "Heart On A Chain" or "Danger Man" into radio smashes.If you think of the multitude of great bands of the era that got sunk on second tier status (20/20, The Producers, The Sorrows, even The Romantics), it's a bit easier to understand how 4 Out Of 5 Doctors did the vanishing act. It does not make it forgivable. Now that these two albums have finally appeared in the digital realm, it's not too late to fill your power pop prescription. Word has it that the reunited Docs are prepping a vault full of unreleased material for the long wished for third album, so get in now. No HMO required.
This band is something new and fresh to the indie world. I am surprised at how big sounding this band is. The sound is like Mercury Rev, but considerably better. Run, Run get this album, then sleep, but don't sleep until you do.
Insane PSY-Tech-Folk-DaDa. Dark and soulful with a raw authenticity. "Bullet on the Woodstove" is a haunting and rememberable set of songs.
This album was consistently and quite frankly musically offsetting. Offsetting, as when inked impressions are transferred onto paper from another surface. I threw it against the wall and most of it stuck. I am impressed with the quality of writing, the darling low-fi and distinct resurrection of House Carpenter and Booze Yacht, and the title track is pure southern Gothic chic. There is a sort of under-produced overzealous-ness standing side stage throughout the work, making enough untimely racket to distract my attention more than I would like, however it doesn't detract enough to be of any real consequence to my enjoyment of the album as a whole. Buy it.
Wow.  Never in a million years did I think I'd see HSO available on Amazon!  Saw these guys playing frat parties & The Cuestick at LA Tech back ~ '94.  Dirty, raw, gritty, but fun.  Wonder where those other 49 fans are?
I had this album on a C-cassette way back in 1989 (the tape long lost by now), recorded from vinyl LP by K&ouml;ssi, a good friend of mine. I tried to find this album here in Finland and in London at the time, no success. I only found the 7" single (still got it!) also featured here.So, you can imagine I was more than pleased to finally find this CD at Amazon.com. The music is just as good as I remembered, and I knew most of the tunes by heart. Way to go, Amazon!
I bought this album after I bought the most recent album, Light Noise.  Light Noise is an outstanding album.  It's a little more accessible than Lark Marvels but still quirky.  Anyway, Lark Marvels is very nice to listen to but it did take a few listens for me to appreciate all the tracks.  If you ever get a chance to see Maus Haus live, definitely do it because they are awesome live.
i have to first say i love the Misfits, the originals, and the michael graves era as well, saying that, if you didn't know better you would think this a classic combining of the two, problem is this is NOT the misfits, yes, i do like the cd, but put it this way, if there were no misfits, there would be no plan 9....catchy effort but its like listening to a cover band with original songs...they even have covers on there as well....interesting.
The album wears its influences on its sleeves-Steely Dan, Weather Report and Ninja-Tune style electronica-but manages to make something bigger than the some of those things happen. Ackerman's voice can sound a bit thin and reedy at times, but the backing tracks and vocals are consistently great.
This is actually a really great CD. First heard one of the songs on a local independent radio station and went on a mad hunt to find the artist. Glad that I did. I've enjoyed it immensely.
Man, I must be getting old, 'cause this one completely slipped under my radar, so despite coming out in late '08, I just found out about it.  The Damned has never been an easy group to pin down, starting out as a straight-ahead punk band and transforming into a rock band with a host of influences, from 60s-era pop to goth to flirtations with dub.  Most of these influences surfaced onGrave Disorder, a kickbutt set o' tunes where just about every song had its own character and musical style.This album, on the other hand, is more streamlined, and while every song is distinctive, the musical style throughout is like a power-pop variation on The Kinks or The Who.  It took me a few spins to get into the album, but right away I was already singing along to the melodious "Under the Wheels" and the goofily bombastic slow-churner "Dr. Woofenstein."  The set of songs slows for "Since I Met You," a quiet ballad that seems to be a more sincere take on their sardonic "Love Song," before picking back up for cuts like the gleefully nasty "Maid For Pleasure" and the droll "Perfect Sunday."Despite the strong set of songs, the album isn't perfect, though, for once we pass the 10-song mark, the tunes become drab and uninspired:  "Just Hangin'" doesn't do much else as it takes up space, and "Nothing" is pretty much just that.  The worst offender on the album, though, is "Dark Asteroid," a bland 4 minute song that shifts into a 10-minute organ-driven jam that would make even Phish fans beg for mercy.  The only thing that saves this album from being a middling 3-stars is the preceding set of songs and Dave Vanian's still lushly dark yet melodious voice, which almost makes me want to pity anyone who's never heard it.  My advice, for what it's worth:  stop the album at track 10.  The track list plays well this way (perfectly, in fact), and you can leave off with the uplifting power-pop of "Little Miss Disaster" instead of continuing into the dead area of the disc.Now, the packaging:  unlike "Grave Disorder," this one comes in a standard jewel case with a clear tray, with artwork that reflects the title of the album.  The art is simple - there's no lyric booklet - but the cover is not nearly as blank and bland as the artwork here would leave you to believe.  You'll have to buy the album to find out why.  Do it for the Captain.  This one's a welcome hearkening back to their days on MCA, and after a few listens you'll be singing along with a grin on your face.
So,in the time that it takes most bands to have their entire career,the Damned turn out another 'at our own leisure'album of shimmering tracks that serve only to remind everyone what a magnificent beast they are.This,thier first album since the astounding 'Grave Disorder' of 2002 (which to the uninitiated would serve well as an example of everything that's brilliant about the Damned,originality,first class musicianship,craftsmanship)although slightly tamer than thier previous effort,shines through as yet another reason these guys should be hailed and respected for the non conformist geniuses they are.with all of thier albums,the first listen or two rarely grab you,the songs having a tendency to 'grow' on you,each passage ,each lyric,every unexpected turn taking its time to creep up on you.Initial stand out tracks for me were 'under the wheels',the ridiculously catchy 'dr.woofenstein',and'nothing'.The huge closing jam on wah wah pedal and keyboards is electrifying and harks back to influences like the stooges.This album has so much going on it's hard to know where to start.Buy it and ensure these guys make a next album!
As I write this, I'm playing SWP for the second time in two hours.  Can't count how many times I've listened since purchasing at a Damned show.  A firm favorite, although I didn't know until the third or fourth spin.  Is it Punk? ...Psych? ... Goth? ...Pub Rock or Power Pop?  Why yes!  It's the Damned!  Still sounding like no one else.  Easily holds up against PHANTASMAGORIA, STRAWBERRIES or ANYTHING.  Docked one star due to slight over-production.  C'mon guys, you're getting too damn professional-sounding for a punk band!  Maybe you can try a little "Lo-Fi" anti-production like those Black Metal whippersnappers for the next one...
After learning Springsteen had covered &#34; High Hopes&#34;, I went in search of new Havalinas music. I didn't find new but I discovered this MP3. The sound quality isn't bad, the band is tight, and the songs are great. It includes several songs not available on their 1st and only CD. If you've heard of the Havalinas, buy it. If you haven't heard of the Havalinas buy it, enjoy and then join the many others that wish for more.
The funny thing about DJ /rupture (real name Jace Clayton) is that while so much of his output carries such palpable sociopolitical overtones, the jury is basically out on what they're actually trying to express. Clayton the man isn't particularly outspoken about his own sociopolitical views, so placing his music within a cultural context is a sticky proposition, and persons A, B, and C are apt to reach differing conclusions about the theories behind it all. Facile though this may sound, I'm of the opinion that each of his records is speaking at least about globalization.  After all, nothing says "the world is flat" like two or more regionally disparate musical styles sharing a common space. But rather than simply throwing cultural ingredients into a bowl and hoping they'll agree with each other, Rupture appears to swallow them up and spit them back out in the image of his choosing, whereby they become their own skittish, irascible animals.Rupture's career has been similarly difficult to pin down.  Four years after the global pop party Special Gunpowder, he unveiled one of 2008's most wonderful late surprises, Uproot, an idiosyncratic Eastern-flavored mix bound together by slow dubstep rhythms that obfuscated the line between where his raw material ended and he began. Time, genre popularity changes or Clayton's own preferences could explain the moderate jump, but it's only been a few months since Uproot`s release and now here's Patches: live tracks assembled from a 2006 tour with Andy Moor, guitarist for Dutch post-punkers the Ex. Moor picked up his guitar, Clayton stepped behind the turntables, and then the two of them improvised for the better part of the night. Wherever Rupture "was" musically in 2006, it's pretty jarring to hear this with Uproot still fresh in our minds, especially given that it has the feel of a companion piece (the covers' color schemes are nearly identical) and that Patches` live origins aren't immediately obvious without doing a little homework.Moor and Rupture don't create magic together, but that isn't really the point. They are a fascinating pair. Rupture mans the breaks and the strange sound effects while Moor's guitar cuts and scrapes them up like a rusty kitchen knife. When Moor lets her rip, as he often does, the guitar sounds quite similar to those explosively guttural basses Noxagt bludgeoned us with on their eponymous third record. Both artists favor the same harsh approaches on their respective equipment, at least for the purposes of this collaboration, but their dynamic relationship to each other isn't very clear. Sometimes the music is a showcase for beatwork, with Moor acting as a secondary ballast; other times Rupture will hit the bench and let the guitars do most of the talking. But the two are never entirely in balance.If pressed, I'd say that their roles are almost oppositional, like warring nations fighting for control over the same territory (how's that for globalization). The mid-album stretch from "Ella Speed" to "Nawura" largely consists of Moor playing tuneless guitar among a barren wasteland as if he'd just wiped Rupture off the map. Moor doesn't make it terribly easy for us to enjoy his instrument here: it howls, grunts, whimpers and babbles in atonal desolation, with only minimal accompaniment as a distraction. Though the varying timbral treatments Moor gives to his music generate some interesting contrasts--"Mateso" and "Nawura" are just similar enough to seem like the same entity experienced from two different perspectives--this section is still defined by how closely it resembles a wad and the considerable mental energy that's required to traverse it. When "The Sheep Look Up" rolls on in with its retrograde post-rock angularity, it's bound to provoke feelings of bewilderment and perhaps even frustration: Where are we, darn it, and what we doing here?The music has a much higher listenability factor when Rupture grabs the reins, capitalizing as he does on the power of rhythms to make music sound cooler. "Is It Going" rumbles and snaps with a desiccated hip-hop beat that enforces the rules on Moor's guitar. "Sometimes It Can Be Difficult To" extracts a slice of the oldest jungle drum loop in the file library and transforms it into dubstep lightning bolts. Most potent of all is "Our Enemies Have Watches But We Have Time" (a Taliban motto), which breaks the streak of Moor's solo guitar musings after "Nawura". The beat is one of the most distinctive in Rupture's beat-laden catalogue, a dancehall monster begotten from sounds of military-grade weaponry, paired with a pounded three-note melody that has something strangely Middle Eastern in it. It's a track that Muslimgauze might have hammered out were he alive today, after the War on Terror and East-West internecine bloodshed drive him to write songs with explicit violence. And as with Muslimgauze, the track repeats itself just a little too long not to feel creepy and obsessional.It's rough going, even when Rupture references music we'd otherwise find accessible. Beauty is the enemy and harmony seems antithetical to the album's message. But what is the message? We could listen to the ghosted Tracy Chapman sample in "Tracy" for an answer as she speaks about the futility of the police, but I'm not convinced that Rupture would give it all away so easily, and I'm willing to let her settle into Patches' sneaky cultural panoply with everything else. Persons A, B, and C aren't likely to come to a consensus about this record either, assuming they get through it. But that's one of Patches' greatest strengths, and a reminder of what it is about Rupture's music that's so consistently rewarding: its projective potential, how it invites us to extrapolate so many meanings, on so many bases, from a single sonic document.(This was published in PopMatters on 3/10/09)
I saw this album on emusic and picked it up a while ago.  I hit up Amazon hoping that perhaps the quality was better, only to discover that it really was the album.  All of the work on this album is very solid; youthful, lilting and unburdened by weighty expectations or pontification.  Unfortunately, it is in desperate need of some professional mixing.  It sounds much like it was recorded in a basement, which is probably because it was.That aside, it's clearly brilliant, and this is someone to keep an eye on.
This is an acoustic, lo-fi, one-take, a man, a guitar & a stool type of  affair by the amazing Chris Gates. He of the Big Boys, Junkyard, Charter Bulldogs and Big Chris Gates & Gatesville. He did a series of songs in & around Central Texas in the summer/fall of '07 and this is the result. Fourteen acoustic tracks recorded on his lap-top. No overdubs. No touch-ups in the studio. No second chances. He's got at least 3 Junkyard songs on this disc. 1 track from the Charter Bulldogs. 5 Gatesville songs. And a number of unreleased songs. Both old & new. For the first time in his career, this is truly just one man, sittin' on a stool, performing songs on an acoustic guitar, to a live audience & straight to tape, i.e. lap-top. It's great to see a guitar player, who has had pretty good success with a number of bands over the years, just strip everything down & deliver his own songs after spending so many years watching others play his songs & sing his words. Chris Gates is in the Austin Music Hall of Fame & he deserves to be. A great guitarist for Junkyard when he's beating up his famous white Gretsch & a great guitarist strumming simple songs on an old acoustic. Either way, he's a man that should be heard. He never lets the audience down.
After Junkyard fell apart, Chris Gates disappeared for awhile. He resurfaced with a band called Charter Bulldogs. They put out a 4-track e.p. called "Four Barrels of Love." But it was short-lived. Working under the title, Big Chris Gates & Gatesville, the under-appreciated guitarist released this 14-track record called, "Ain't It Grand." And it is. It was self-produced & self-released on his Anodyne Music label & features old-school Americana roots-rock. For all of you Junkyard fans out there, just imagine Gates re-recording songs such as "Simple Man" & "Slippin' Away" on an acoustic guitar & doin' the singing himself. Or take the best mid-tempo songs from the Junkyard catalog & picture them being re-recorded by a lo-fi, countrified rock band. His voice is rough but has a lot of character and his backing band is great. There's at least 2 Junkyard tunes. At least one song from his Charter Bulldogs release and a solid selection of tracks all the way through. If Gates wants to continue down this path, he's got a bright future ahead of him. He does this type of music very, very well. Go check it out.
Agreed. Every Track has an up-beat sound of TODAYs music. Nice sound. Lyrics have always been personal. Which one will be your fav?
If you're a lover of Alternative Rock that's not too heavy but definitely not too light, some of these high-energy rockers are almost sure to trip your trigger.  Certain tracks are so good they'll have you wondering why the artists haven't made it to the big time.As with all samplers of any length, there might be a clunker or two that you'll find yourself skipping over, but in general this is one of the best offerings for a sampler that I've come across.The only reason I can't rate this five stars is that there are several recording, arranging, and performance issues that crop up as you listen through it.  For example, while "Grow On, Grow Up, Grow Out" by Moving Mountains is a good song, the drumming and guitar playing are not always in sync, which gave me the impression it was a little "amateur-ish".  And on "Light", by Track A Tiger, the synth sounds are almost unbearable...it actually hurts my ears to listen to it.  You'll notice other small problems that help to indicate why Deep Elm isn't a major label, but I'm just getting overly picky.The GOOD is that the majority of songs are excellent...the actual songwriting is at a high level, and we've got some great singers with unique tones to enjoy.  The two tracks by Desoto Jones are super, Late Night Condition's "Spinning" is up to the standards of the big boys, and several others...notably "Sticks And Stones", "Once, Twice, Again!", and "We All Have Our Own Shoes"...are worthy of repeated listening.No need to pick and choose, though, as there will be songs for everyone's tastes...I highly recommend downloading the entire sampler...after all, it's free!
Thiss cd is pretty freakin amazing. it has that 80'S alt, post punk feel to it (if thats what you want to call it).the only complaint is the like two acoustic songs, they blow.other wise its great!
Nothing completely new in terms of music, but still very well done. Very accessible. Sounds like a cross between Franz Ferdinand, bit of Cure, bit of Vampire Weekend. Nevertheless, I was happy to see a New Zealand band making good indie rock music.
Stephen Street produces one song and Bernard Butler the rest, but it all sounds like it could have been the long lost sibling of The Smiths "Strangeways, Here We Come" and The Cure's Disintigration.  Like Cut/Copy it's a group of young Aussie kids apeing 80's English bands.  Like Cut/Copy they do it very well!!
Frustration Plantation is my favorite Rasputina album, and I love this on principle.  That being said, I listen to this album least of all the others. Great version of "Momma was an Opium Smoker," and nice drawn-out "Injury," but the "Crazy Swan" part actually sounds like it was recorded by said bird.  Which, I suppose, makes it a success...
Out of all the Stiff Records bands that cane out in the early 80's, Any Trouble was easily my favorite. While the label had plenty of delightful, idiosyncratic artists (likeElvis CostelloandLene Lovich, Any Trouble were a band that seemingly came without the usual Stiff quirkiness. And while almost every other band/artist on the label appeared to snag an American deal just by association, Any Trouble was left dangling."Wheels In Motion" was the band's second proper album to get a stateside release, and it is just a touch below the excellence of the debutWhere Are All the Nice Girls?. Lead singer and songwriter Clive Gregson had such a dry view of life and love that he often rated comparisons to Costello, and the songs here still merit such high praise. The album has a three stroke kick-off with "Trouble With Love," "Open Fire" and "As Lovers Do," all tremendous, great songs. The later is easily one of Gregson's best, with Any Trouble or in his solo career. (Once again, begging the Costello comparisons.)After that, the album becomes a mixed bag. Producer Mike Howlett filled out the songs here more than on the debut (which was a bare-bones reading of the band as a four-piece new wave/pub act), which helps Any Trouble in the sound department. It also helps the songs that needed a bit more dynamic presentation ("Power Cut") or add to a song that wouldn't have done well in the original band format. The album's lone non-Gregson penned tune, Richard Thompson's "Dimming Of The Day" is the greatest benefactor in that department. (Thompson eventually returned the favor by making Gregson a regular member of his touring band through the late 80's.)Gregson has since carved out the distinguished career of a critical/cult fave, and I would highly recommend bothI Love This Townand his album with one-time partner Christine Collister,Love Is a Strange Hotel. He's become a wonderful folk artist on a par with Thompson, but "Wheels In Motion" and his other recordings with Any Trouble highlight the time in his life when he was bursting with new wave energy and still seemed bent on carving out a niche in the world of power-pop.
If you have ever heard of the band, Sister Hazel, then you've heard Ken Block before.  Ken Block is the front-man (if one had to be chosen)of the group.  For years and through multiple albums, they have been creating FAN-tastic, age-spanning, feel-good music for the masses...just on a smaller scale.  I happened upon them back in the early 2000's (I think) at a local concert venue in my area.  They were so good, I ended up seeing them in concert again on 4 or 5 occasions...one of which was a two day festival!Beyond the great music, they support many different causes and hold events supporting various charities, thus utilizing their fame to help others!  (Check out the 'Rock by the Sea' music event as well as the 'Rock the Boat' cruise!)Rock out to the first solo album by Ken Block, and seek out the Sister Hazel albums that came before.  You don't know what you're missing!
I was amazed at just how good this album is. The lyrics are very clever and tell a story. I love the way he uses his vocals as a true instrument. Sometimes an artist puts out an album that only has a few redeeming songs, but in the case of drift, every song is excellent lyrically and musically. The music is very good- a solid album that I truly enjoy listening to. I would go out of my way to hear him live.
I'm glad I discovered this album. I almost feel a little bad that I'm getting it for free because it's such good music. Ken's voice is great. This is my first review on Amazon and I'm leaving one because I really think you should support this artist and I really enjoyed the music.
I always check the free downloads because you never know what great new music one might find, and BAM; I found Ken Block. A really great find. Although; he's listed with Sister Hazel, and is being compared to counting crows; I thought he had a more Tom Petty kind of sound. That Rock/Country sound he does (but without the whiney voice of Petty). A good combination of music and lyrics makes "Drift" a winner in my book.
This CD has cought me off-guard.  I was ex[ecting maybe 1 decent song and the rest throw-aways (because it was a free download)..Man was I wrong,  this CD has like 6 good songs and no throw-aways.  This is a change of pace for me music wise but I really enjoy the sound (kind of a cross between Tom Petty and Hootie and the Blowfish).  If you get the chance, take a chance on this CD.
I originally heard the single &#34;W&uuml;nsch dir was&#34; on the radio in Germany. I was already familiar with die Toten Hosen. It was because of that single that I purchased my original cassette of the album. I still like the album enough to want to buy it again.
When I first heard Man Man it was the album Six Demon Bag. I really enjoyed it and have since seen them live several times and have bought their other albums except this one and Rabbit Habits. This album is strong and I can clearly see the ideas that are refined on later recordings. This trend culminating into the latest On Oni Pond which has wonderful song writing.The lyrics on all Man Man recordings are so creative, and music is just as good. Buy all their music, be patient with it, and you will be rewarded with a very satisfying musical experience.
A must if you're a fan of 80's Alternative Music and tired of hearing just the 'Hits'. I was happy to find this as a digital release, but extremely sad it did not contain the B-Side "So Hard" which is on the CD reissue. This is the reason I can only give it 4 stars.
So I was in "In Your Ear Records" in Allston,MA (great little basement record store, very old school, great selection) and was digging through the many boxes of used CDs, and stumbled on this, right away the artwork struck me. The store doesn't carry much metal, so I always put aside anything that looks the part. Naked chick, blood, evil typeface, awesome! The inside art is really cool, each band member has a pick with them staged as if you found'em dead. It has that embossed glossy print too, which I dig. The store allows you to preview unwrapped albums, so I listened a bit and gotta say that it didn't sound at all like I expected. Unsure of what I thought, yet intrigued, I bought it and have been listening a lot! Great grooves, some Helmet-type verse/chorus vocals and other surprises. My two favorites tracks are Sin and Tabula Rasa. Its cool and I am buying their second right now!
I can't believe no one has mentioned the obvious Jellyfish influence here. "Alterfate" is just the most obvious example of a pair of albums chock-full of lead vocals, harmonic structures, and drumming uncannily similar to those of ex-Jellyfish frontman Andy Sturmer. If you enjoyed Jellyfish, this album and its counterpart "Day To Day" are both well worth a listen. Kudos also to the band and Amazon.com for making "Run Like Hell" available for free, which helped me to discover this great example of the "San Francisco sound."
Possibly the stronger in the "Night Tonight"/"Day to Day" EP dualogy. This strapping young buck slips you a roofie and leaves you wandering in a corn field, disoriented and incoherent.The band executes songs about love, lust and moral ambiguity on a soulful and sometimes circus-like backdrop.For example, notice the sad pleading within "Miles Away" and "Spun" or visit "Player Play On" for ianppropriate lyrical content best suited for the likes of the great Nate Dogg.This band offers a free track on their "Day to Day" EP, here on Amazon.com...
I downloaded one of their songs because it was free. It was the best leap of faith I've taken in a long long time. Definitely worth a few minutes of your time and some of your $$$.
I love how this music calms my mind and senses, and actually puts me on relax mode.  =)  I even use it during reading session.
Thank you for supporting this San Francisco based indie-soul band.Recorded as a full LP, "Day to Day" ended up as the first half of a two part release. One of the key tracks, "Run Like Hell", is available for free download. That is hella cheap!The tracks contained herein hearken back to years past without being a novelty. Unlike bands that revive or emulate a genre, this one tries to take a modern approach to what has stylistically influenced so many of today's musicians. Wanna make out?
A need for disc title separation is in order here. As this is actually two versions of same material and a third disc of out takes, extras and other versions. All are presented as one list and it is confusing as to whats actually being listen to.
I think I went to every Soul Merchants show (even got lost going to one or two in Boulder), so I'm definitely a fan. Hearing these songs again really brings back those days at the Littleton Town Hall. I do with "Country Lane" was on here, but they did record a lot of songs and I guess you have to make a choice somewhere...
Happy to find nine volumes of mp3 downloads filled with music from Stiff Records. Amazon lists every one of them in its inventory except for volume six.I already had the 4 CD set from Rhino, &#34;The Stiff Records Box Set&#34;, so before adding to my Amazon cloud any of these individual volumes of &#34;The Stiff Singles&#34; I checked to see how much overlap there is with the box set. It's pretty simple to sum up:* Every song on this volume 1 is contained on the box set* The first seven songs on volume 2 are on the box set* For the rest of the series there are only two other songs that overlap the Rhino set* Volume 7 has &#34;Frozen Years&#34; by the Rumour, and* Volume 9 includes&#34;Stop the Cavalry&#34; by Jona Lewie.You'll also see a few 12&#34; mixes or edits of a half dozen songs, the original versions of which are on both the box set and these nine mp3 collections. If you don't already have the Rhino box set, only 27 of its 96 tracks are present in these nine mp3 collections, and frankly, a lot of the best stuff on the box set didn't make it to these nine volumes. Not to disparage what's here, mind you!Your mileage may vary but for my taste the highlights of this first volume tend to be novelty numbers like &#34;Cincinnati Fatback&#34; and &#34;Whoops A Daisy&#34;. Desmond Dekker's &#34;Israelites&#34; was originally a #1 song in the UK and top ten in the US in 1969. The track included here is a live recording but is still enjoyable if you like the familiar version.I can't vouch for this specific download since I've already got these songs elsewhere, but as for the music, if you like Stiff Records, or &#34;new wave&#34;/&#34;new music&#34;/whatever you want to call it, especially before things got hijacked by MTV, you'll love this set.
I like these songs. I hope Sanjaya keeps going in his musical career, because I think he shows real promise as a singer.
When Sanjaya, was on AI, I truly enjoyed him.  Isnt it interesting that William H., could sell a million plus? records and someone is saying Sanjaya is the worst yet.  HE IS NOT.  I thoroughly enjoyed and put my money where my typing skills are.  What was that guys name that came in second with Jordin Sparks, that spit into the mic and you people gave him second place over Melinda Doolittle, no less.The only song I don't care for is the free one, but the others are really nice and that is why I put my money out.  I truly enjoy Sanjaya, he is refreshing and those of you who don't like him, don't like him because he does have talent and you don't.  He has showmanship and is clean cut and truly enjoys himself.GIVE HIM A CHANCE.
I'm amazed at the amount of energy some reviewers expend hating on Sanjaya - you would think they would have better things to do than to rip on a kid who is just doing his thing. Personally I find the songs on his EP to be refreshingly honest. Unlike so many "Idols" he isn't trying to be anything  other than he is. These songs are a must for those of you who loved him for his personality and enjoyed what he brought to the competition - fun!
I first heard Giddy Up in the background of an amusing web series, the flipside - highscool. The song pushed the scenes so well, I needed to know more. Only thanks to some kind soul posting was I able to find this obscure pop band. After listening to and enjoying the few songs I could find on the interwebs, I decided I had to buy the album and support the group [I often use means to acquire music for "cheaper" but if I truly enjoy a group, I make sure to pay for their work].It was a bit expensive, $9 for 11 songs [two of the 13 tracks, while somewhat amusing, are not songs, and I will not listen to them often]. Of those, I enjoyed about half the songs, a decent amount, but was a little frustrated that my newly favorite song of theirs, One step, was not on the album; oh well, that's my bad for not paying attention to the details of what I was buying. Still, the ones that I enjoy are peppy, punky, and energetic with good, if not always clear, vocals and good playing skillI am happy with my purchase and hope to get One Step soon :-)
So much good, loud, messy pop-punk fun it is almost too much. Rythmically brilliant, but the songs kind of blur together and some people (not me) find the lead singers voice a little high pitched. This was my first SoC album, and I'm getting "Tired of You" as soon as possible. High points include "Wretched" "I Mean Business" and "Submarines". Really every song is good, though. The biggest downside is that it is only about fifteen minutes in length. A short album, even by punk standards.
Having only listened to some of Faun's newer albums, I was surprised by the difference and similarity in sound. It was like listening to the current Faun albums' cute little cousin. Still enjoyable, but I enjoy their newer works more, if only because that's what I was introduced to first.
My faves on this one are Curious Partridge and Tadpole. Now where can I download Macho Beagle, Favorite Foods, Rock n' Roll man and some of those other old singles? :)
I didn't realize that this was an album that was recorded live when I bought it, but it's good stuff.  These guys had lots of energy.
Very cool punk rock out of the Boston.  What is in the Charles River that so much good punk is coming from this city?!
Had not heard of Sennen (for what it's worth), but this is a solid rock and roll offering that immediately moved into my steady rotation.
Sure, they'll draw comparisons to Garbage, even Paramore...but make no mistake, Great Northern has a depth of music that goes far beyond other comparable bands. This album is probably their best yet. Every song is intense, with some of the main ones being Stories and Houses, but in other songs (33 for example), they flex their musical muscle and show a maturity and emotion far beyond traditional indie rockers. Fantastic album. Definitely worth a buy, and, might I add, much better than so many other overrated indie albums, like Coldplay's most recent.
I really liked this album and think that Great Northern is a terrific new band for the CA rock music scene.
I discovered this band recently. Power lyrics, melancholic melodies, excellent voices...reminds you of Snow Patrol, Pompeii,,
Kish Mauve is a great electro-pop dup from England and Black Heart is just a great, largely upbeat collection. My particular favorites on this CD are &#34;Lose Control&#34;, &#34;Modern Love&#34; and &#34;Matthew&#34;, just an overall worthwhile listen.
Like others, I was hesitant about buying this album since it is so different from their previous albums. However, after listening to the preview tracks a few times I decided to download it and I have not stopped listening to it since! I have to admit I miss Nick and his guitar--a lot. It almost feels like this is a solo cd from miss Karen O; this is not a bad thing, just how it sounds to me.I just downloaded this album 2 days ago, but so far the stand out tracks to me are soft shock, runaway, and hysteric-I liked these immediately. After a few listens, all the songs are started to feel like stand out songs which is an indication of a good cd.
No, it's not "Show Your Bones Part II," or even "IS IS Part II" or "Fever to Tell Part II."  I was very wary to buy the album but I am now glad that I did. Once you stop expecting the album to be as edgy as their last 3 works, and listen to it as a good band going in a new direction, you can dig on it.  Since most of the album was done in the same flesh, so to speak, it has continuity behind it to make the songs work with the heavily added effects and snyths.
Well, I downloaded this album after i saw it on itunes. I was a big fan of the yea yea yeahs, because of their unique(but generic) emo type sound. If that makes any sense? They are a pretty popular rock band, and I have always wanted to see them live in concert. Well, this band really is trying to copy off of Franz Ferdinand, Fall Out Boy, And The Killers. I personally like the new sound of that these rock bands are trying to put out. I really liked the CD. The first track is my favorite. It sounds so cool and different. I really enjoy it alot. It's my favorite track by them better then Black Tongue! I thought the rest of the tracks are very good, and have raw emtion.
Great BJM material.  I really enjoyed all of it.  But, as is often the case with them, it was way too short.
The CD "Selections" is a crazy CD with it's mix of music by Twiggy Love. This CD has all types of stuff going on. It's rock, post-punk and even folk music. So it has a very different type of collection. However, that's just what this album is, a group of selected recordings from three different albums. So it's a little crazy to listen to, why because the moods change as you go from song to song. Yet it's solid and fun. My favorite tracks are "Soul" which was recorded live and it just makes me think of how life left when I was 17 or 19 even. There's something about the lyrics and tone of his voice that just works. Yet i must say that I love the "If I Seem" cd better than this one, they both are good and different. Many people have compared his music style and vibe to that of David Bowie and I think that's true. So if you like Emo, rock or Bowie you may like this music. So I say get a few of these tracks and check out this little known artist. Yeah he's been around since 1987 and is still doing his thing. Which is a great thing for any artist.
For the slightly adventurous, this is a wonderful work.  Very raw and simplistic even compared to her seond and slightly more accessible "Who Kill" but it still abounds with creativity and raw talent.  Read about Merrill Garbus to learn about her interesting recording and performance methods (she doesn't do anything recorded that she can't do live, and doesn't use any pre-recorded samples rather creating loops on the spot).  OK, so a lot of the stuff is a bit harsh and difficult to listen to but I find it worth the effort.
This cd is awesome. I love tUnE-yArDs, and this cd by them is great. You'd be a bird brain not to get it.
Whokill, the Tuneyards' sophomore record has been getting a lot of attention, but I think this stellar debut is the better record. This album is unlike anything you'll ever hear. It's like the sunny, cheerful revival of the long forgotten trip hop genre. Every song is like a junkyard nursery rhyme performed as a valentine. They're fun, vibrant, creative, and extremely catchy. The beats and rhythms are primal and infectious and the atmosphere is like someone teaching children how to tame a bluebird. This is an amazing record. Highlights include: Sunlight, Lions, Hatari, Jumping Jack, and Fiya
Though not a stocking stuffer, and like MIA from 2005, you won't hear anything like this in 2009. I wonder what a wealth of production will do her? There are Captain Beefheart moments as she often chooses to abandon melody for the muse, or a beat summoned from under a pillow. Other moments sound like an unearthed Harry Smith 45. It might test your limits, and you won't choose it for the dance floor, but open your mind and your intellect will follow. It'll last longer than most holiday gifts.
Kind of a Pop/Metal album injected with a bit of punk, Neon Wasteland is a respectable debut. Right out of the gate is 'We Own the Night', with enough energy to pump you up for the rest of the album. 'Kultura' shows their punk side at its strongest - one of the better songs of the album. Next is 'Devil's Brigade', with a catchy guitar riff mixed with somewhat shaky vocals but a strong chorus. The prelude leads into 'Last Honest Cops', a song I consider to be their cornerstone (the movie 'Serpico' with Al Pacino, dealing with corruption in the NYPD, OMG I GET IT!!!), once again a catchy chorus repeated a few too many times but given a few mixes at the end to make it just a little better than bearable. 'Godforsaken' has a good mix of time and tempo and a neat little guitar solo and drum fill toward the end. 'Feeling Minnesota' is fun, but hard to comprehend the lyrics, and has a great guitar solo and hardcore breakdown section. 'Alkaline Nights' is poppy and drug-related, catchy with good harmonies but too much like Nickelback for me. Next is 'Kings and Queens', full of cliches but catchy and just a little heavy nonetheless. '400 Blows to the Head' is grungy yet fun, another one of the better songs of the album. 'Modern Holy Trinity' is my least favorite, unoriginal and just not attractive. 'Glasseye' is the only 'ballad' of the album, a very metal-style ballad at that, almost reminds me of Metallica (minus the epic guitar solos, etc) in style. Ending with 'Nothingness & Infamy' (formerly 'Los Perros'), a kind-of Bad Religion theme going on with the 'oooooh's, a somewhat anthemic finish to a solid cd.Top Tracks:1. We Own the Night2. Kultura6. Feeling Minnesota9. 400 Blows to the HeadHonorable Mentions:4. Last Honest Cops5. Godforsaken
I loved the first half of this album and as others have said the second half of the album is okay. But I really like Delta Bay, Starfish Hotkiss Night, and Without you after a couple more listens of the second half. Great band NOTHING like MGMT at all!!!!
I sometimes go into my kindle store and check out the $5.00 downloads.  This was one of them and i dint know who they where and even if i liked them.  It was a different sound.  I really liked it.  Its more of a mellow not heavy sound.
I love this album's high-energy, surrealist camp-pop, and the even /higher/-energy, /more/ surrealistic music videos that it spawned.  Only good for certain moods, but awesome for those.
The album can get a little tiresome, so I leave it for occasional play or random &#34;Indie Dance&#34; shuffle play.  I'd recommend this album to fans who like The Naked & Famous and/or MGMT.
Their songs are with a nice beat though the words are hard to hear. I like their sound-it is a little different than most techno groups.
Great out of the gate. First 4 or 5 songs. Hits a lull that kind of ruins the end. The remixes are awesome.
I saw them on Yahoo Live in Dallas. Great show. Costumes and choreography excellent. I just had to buy this album by downloading it to my Amazon cloud player. It was the first time I bought a whole album online. Whala! It was in my hands ready to play. Instant gratification. I'm ready for the next album.
Wow, I saw this band play NYE and really liked them alot. I purchased this album and havent been album to take it out no matter what kind of mood Im in. Its a really pure album not overly produced, by now your getting bored and so am I. Buy this album you wont be disappointed!
Another AMAZING album by Matt Harding; it'll take you in many different directions.  Track #9 Combe is sweet!  Next to "expectation" released in 2007, this is my favorite matt harding composition.
Overall I liked this bit of music - a few of the songs I was not a big fan of.  Too much autotuning on a few songs so I had to tune them out.  Others are very good and make this a worthy purchase.
The warriors descended, hammers held high and screaming their dedication to Odin, from the frost-covered plains of...Toledo, Ohio? When the Hell did Middle America become home to epic Viking metal? Well, I can't say the boys in Hammer Horde don't take it seriously. With their grim, bearded demeanors, black outfits (complete with animal skins and capes) and Thor's hammer pendants, they certainly look the part of modern day Vikings. Does the music on their debut album Under the Mighty Oath hold up to their European brethren? Read on.Under the Mighty Oath is a black/death/pagan metal hybrid that recalls the titans of the genre, owing much to bands like Amon Amarth (naturally), Ensiferium, and to some extent Turisas and even Borknagar and Children of Bodom (sans keyboards). As soon as the obligatory instrumental introductory track concludes, the album launches into a series of blood-drenched odes to battle and glory that seamlessly weave crushing death metal heaviness, blistering black metal ferocity, and pagan metal melodies and instrumentals. Most of the songs on Under the Mighty Oath feature harsh, screamed vocals, but the occasional clean vocals add diversity and make me think of Vintersorg trading vocal lines with Alexi Laiho! The lyrics to these battle anthems are positively crammed with Norse lore, and reflect just how dedicated Hammer Horde is to authenticity and the true spirit of their chosen form of metal.I have to raise a toast (though sadly, not a tankard of mead) to Hammer Horde for embracing this distinctly European style of metal so enthusiastically while at the same time putting their own stamp on it. If you're a fan of Viking and/or pagan metal, you would do well to give Under the Mighty Oath a listen. If songs like "Pierced By Odin's Spear", "Triumph of Sword and Shield" and the 9-minute epic "Seafarer" aren't enough to convince you that Hammer Horde is the real deal, you may want to turn in your war hammer.
What a great idea - to take some good songs off of the Population CD and make them sound as if they're coming out of a SNES game. I would only recommend this to die hard TMSR fans (such as myself) as it's fun and novel, but not essential.
What a catchy little tune.  I gotta admit, I heard them first on the Howard Stern Show, and the song is quite catchy.  Couldn't get it out of my head.  I really wish they did a full on acoustic version of "Just To Be."
I saw this page and just had to write, having owned this record since it was released. I can understand the two previous reviewers' comments somewhat in regard to a scant 2 or 3 tracks, but really-! Get a firm grip here: "You Can Hear the Room" is alone worth the price of the album and stands with the band's best. Scary good. Great Johnson vocal with paradox in plain English at the end. Beautiful and wall-of-sound rocking like they've tried less successfully in the past. Fantastic isolation yet prophetic and personally invested pertinence. Then try "Theory of Ghosts," men, and find yourself saying "Yeah! How true..." Glen again. Finally his own sad take on a city of some obvious importance to him -- "I Must Leave London." You can sing forever about something you've loved. There's also an Angele song where she tells us "Set your clock by your heart," which is a statement about working in this maddened world. The title track, too, is sung by her. Look, if you're a Piano Magic fan, DO NOT EVEN hesitate to buy this.
I discovered Jonathan Coulton's music about a year ago and have been hooked ever since.  Although I previously downloaded many of his songs, I happily purchased this one as well.  If you're just starting to get into his music this album is a great one to buy because it plays like a 'best of' and contains his best known songs.  Although the concert versions are understandabily not as high of quality as those recorded in the study, I really enjoy the arrangements and find some of them (like Mr. Fancy Pants) to be even better than the original studio versions.  It's also a great CD to buy if you saw him in concert and want to relive the experience.That said, all of the songs here are available on other albums or on his website so if you're not interested in hearing another arrangement of the material it may not be worth the purchase.  However, my experience is that the arrangements are just different and fresh enough that it's worth it for me, particularly as a big fan.
I love Jonathan Coulton songs, and so I picked this up. i didn't read the description and thought &#34;Best concert Ever&#34; was just a catchy name. But this is all live versions of his songs. I don't like live versions, but I still love the songs so it still gets a 4 star.
I like every song on this album, except perhaps "Tom Cruise Crazy." There are a lot of comedic singers out there, but many of the songs on this album could stand just as well sans humor given his obvious musical talent and great singing voice. I'd love to see him release another album with serious songs.I'll admit that a number of songs took a few listenings to grow on me, but some of those are now my favorites on the album like "I Crush Everything."The DVD video of his San Francisco live performance, the same one where the audio CD was recorded, was a really nice extra, especially for the price.There are quite a few inside jokes in the songs that you just won't get unless you are a gamer or a software developer. The video explains a number of them, but I still feel like I need to play my way through Valve's Portal to understand the whole "Cake" reference and "Still Alive." Still, there is something for just about every taste, especially Zombie fans in "Re: Your Brains", which should be the new Halloween anthem.
If you are a Johnathan Coulton Fan you already know how great He is. This a live Concert recording and so some of the songs are slightly different then you might be used to.Little Kids warning, some of the lyrics are not kid safe.
The "Putrid Smell Of An Artist" track (original) is based on a very small poem, written by the author with the intent describing the experience of an artist. Wonderful sounding bells traverse the track with the occasional chanting of voices as if driven in the inner ear of the artist to be creative. The poem is called "Creative" (see below).A remix of the original track was produced by False Angel (Donald Wilborn fronting that project) layering breakbeats, heavy drums, along with some melodic synths that grow to become heavy as the track progresses. More remixes by additional artists are in progress with possible release date on a special remixes set later in the summer.Copyright  2009 JASMARC(tm)CreativeA virgin canvas in waitingor perhaps a brush soaked with desireSweat beads traverse dry skinupon an artist possessedA sounding gesture of the wristreleases his carefully extracted passionThe occasional intermittent eruptionstrikes surrealistic involuntary pleasureA canvas no longer pureor perhaps fully exposed to a consequenceThe putrid smell of an artists studiolingers towards a decomposing stateCopyright  2009 JASMARC(tm)
I heard the song Magic Arrow on an episode of Breaking Bad, and I downloaded the album off of Amazon that day.At first it struck me as being influenced by the early NYC Punk/No Wave stuff, like Suicide, which I'm a big fan of.The rest of the album strikes me as more of a dark folk sort of thing though, a bit like maybe Castanets or Jana Hunter.It's an interesting listen.
Timber Timbre's self-titled effort is no mean feat. There are many indie music landscapes being mined for concepts today, but there aren't many artists interested in the sounds of the deep bayou. Listening to this album, one need only close their eyes to find themselves transported to the delta south, in the middle of a mangrove swamp, with the moon hanging full on the horizon and the sounds of insects as thick as the oppressive humidity.This is an album that can require a certain mindset to get into, certainly an open mind, but it is a rewardingly unique listening experience.  The themes of spirits, religion, and death hang heavily over the languid, organ-driven tracks, which never gather any kind of speed, though "We'll Find Out" rises up from the muck into a nigh-spiritual chorus of voices.  "Lay Down in the Tall Grass" could've been the dark, brooding theme to "True Blood", and "I Get Low" sounds like the blues as sung by the most dejected person on the earth, lead singer Taylor Kirk crooning, "I get low, low, low, low/On my own."What's most impressive about this eponymous album is the way band manages to formulate their sound, a muted swamp-blues and folk fusion. A lonely organ dialsup the creep factor, Kirk's plaintive, ghostly vocals appearing out of the mist, the subdued strum of a guitar drifting in from nowhere.  This album marries the hot and sticky with the cold and clammy, and all throughout, Kirk drives the album forward with the delivery of an alligator drifting in the water, definitely moving forawrd, not in any apparent hurry. The end result is an album that is both surprisingly charming and a little creepy, like a ghost story that isn't real but gives you shivers just the same.It's hard to think of many fans of indie music getting on board with this album, even with the band being on the Arts & Crafts label, but adventurous music-lovers should give these Canadian delta folk-blues a shot. This isn't just a concept album; this is a concept group, and never before has an album struck me as so geographically specific and effective, so strikingly evocative. So close your eyes and step onto the raft. The bayou is calling.
The lead singer is now one of the main female vocalist for Broken Social Scene. This is a solid album, nearly from start to finish. It is not going to get you pumped up, but it is nice driving music, or lazy Sunday afternoon music. It is worth $10
The N.A.S.A Bloody Lobo remix is the best of the bunch, but the others are also fun. Can't quibble with the price, either!
There's some solid songs on this album, but overall it seems to lack the punch that Buckle in the Bible Belt had. I can listen to that album from start to finish, over and over. This album, however, I have to skip through about 1/3 of the songs and it just doesn't seem to have the same replay value.Edit: I had to revisit this album after not listening to in a long while. I'd have to say my first impressions were off base. After really listening to the songs and the lyrics I have to change my review from a 3 to a 4. It still doesn't hit me as hard as "Buckle in the Bible Belt" does or even as much as the new album "Death of a Decade." I realize this probably due to the theme of the album, but judging it on its own, and not comparing it to their other albums, it definitely deserves at least 4 stars.
This is a great group and I highly recommend their music. It' would get 5 stars if it was a recorded CD instead of a recording of a live performance (the fans and talking take away from the music just a bit), but they take the genre to a whole new stage with a variety contemporary, classic, and original songs done with bagpipes and drums.
I absolutely agree with the other reviewer.  But I heard Tartanic recently and know they are to release a new studio CD in March.  I will be anxiously awaiting that one.
Just went looking for new Jesse Michaels material today and found this EP. If you like Common Rider or Operation Ivy, you'll definitely like this. Can't wait for a full length LP to come out!EDIT: So after owning this EP for about a year, my only gripe is that it just sounds way too much like Common Rider. Most of these songs could fit right in on "This Is Unity Music" and not sound of of place. Don't get me wrong, I love Common Rider, but it would be nice for a different band to have a different sound.
There is a lot of bad free music on Amazon MP3, but I think this sampler fits into the better half of it.  It's a really laid back sampler, and not all of the songs are very original, but most of them are still pretty listenable, and a few are actually quite unique.  My favs are "We Are Beautiful, We Are Doomed", "Neon Blue" and "Our Age".
Was around these guys back in the 80's and early 90's growing up, when the style and sound was right in line with all the heavy hitters at the time - Metallica, Exodus, Flotsam and Jetsam, Hallow's Eve, Slayer....  It was a shame they couldnt hold it together and take it to the next level.  If you know the band, this CD/download has a lot of previously unreleased stuff not on the CD Punishment Area.  I bought it to have a few of the older tracks I love on my iPod - Done in Vein, Got No Choice - classics.  The other stuff I think is primarily stuff put together after Punishment area.  That stuff is OK, but def not as good as early stuff - just wish they had also put Reducer on this CD.  Only a knock to 4 stars due to sound quality - just was not recorded great, but still listenable.Overall, if you like 80's/early 90's REAL thrash metal, take a flyer and try it out.
I got to meet Brad on a Holland America Cruise where he was part of the entertainment. He's probably not allowed to mention it as part of his contract with them, but he never did tell me he had a CD out. I found out after the cruise checking in on his website. He's a really nice guy and enjoyed listening to him just about every day while aboard the ship. He gives most of the popular songs he performs his only person twist. His own music is good and it's a bit special after spending two weeks with him on the high seas. Nice, easy rock for when you are in the mood....Drew
Everytime i mention this band to someone folks naturally want to call the the Mumblers as in "you don't speak clearly". It is actually MUMLERS and is named after someone slightly famous. (check for yourself, it is an interesting read)Onto this album! You've got elements of mexicana, oddball pop and a whole slew of different styles at work on this album. In terms of a likeness style-wise, i can sense a bit of Devendra Banhart in some of their tunes as well as just a keen pop element on how to write a song and make it work. Vocally, the vocals can sound a wee bit wobbley but to me, i think it aids the music.If you like your music slightly more different but still pleasing to the ears, you will groove on this cd.
The Mumlers' music seems to float from a Victrola wedged into a dark corner of a mysterious antique shop. Will Sprott sings like a megaphoned apparition, and the group's horn arrangements have the languor of a New Orleans funeral parade that accidentally marched into a morning-after session at Stax. Even when the band adds a psychedelic organ groove, such as on "Coffin Factory," the vibe still draws one to the beyond. This is surprising, given the Mumlers home base of San Jose, California, the population anchor at the south end of the San Francisco Bay that's christened itself the Capital of Silicon Valley. You don't know the way to this San Jose.The group's second album stretches even further than their debut (Thickets & Snitches), including the trad jazz and blues of "Tangled Up With You" and slinky second-line of "St. James Street." The latter echoes the standard "St. James Infirmary," but is actually a straight-up description of Sprott's urban San Jose neighborhood. The group connects to loungecore with a slowly careening instrumental cleverly entitled "The Instrumental." The band drifts between jazzy melodies for movie scores, circus music and the swinging-60s vibe of Bob Crewe's "Music to Watch Girls By." The genre mash-ups are terrifically organic, and in addition to guitars, stand-up bass, drums, keyboards, and horns, the Mumlers include euphonium, clarinet, French horn and pedal steel."Fugitive and Vagabond" features piano, harmonica, cymbal crashes and a whistled solo that seems to have been skimmed from aspaghetti western, and the set closes with the soulfully crooned "Don't Throw Me Away," an original that should have graced many a 1950s school dance. The Mumlers' unusual influences and free-wheeling approach result in the sort of shape-shifting one would expect from a group named after a nineteenth century charlatan who made a living selling photos of ghosts to bereaved families. The Mumlers are the real deal, however, and their second album is one of the year's most eclectic spins. [2009 hyperbolium dot com]
First off: INVASION USA is a great album, better than anything you'll read about in Rolling Stone magazine or see on the front page of iTunes. The music is Ramones-style punk, full of pop hooks, oddball lyrics and rockin' beats. The songs are memorable, the sound is powerful and the playing is tight. If you don't wind up tapping your feet or bobbing your head to this album, go back to the pretentious art-drivel or washed-out "rock" of the mainstream pop scene.If you really love this music, however, there are a few other albums that are slightly better: namely, the Riverdales' last 2 albums (1998's STORM THE STREETS and 2003's PHASE THREE.) Those albums are a little more varied than INVASION USA, in both tempo and song structure. All the songs on INVASION USA have a fast tempo, and while the songs are good, they all sort of blend in to each other (not "with", but "to".) Also, while Weasel's songs on INVASION USA are mostly excellent, Vapid's songs are mostly not as good as his songs on PHASE THREE or STORM THE STREETS.Still, INVASION USA is a must-buy. If only more than 0.1% of the populace knew about the Riverdales...
I'm a long time Fishbone fan from their self titled album on. I just got this out of curiousity about what Dirty Walt's side projects are like... It's pretty damn good, but I won't likely listen to it all that much. It reminds me alot of Fishbone's harder songs from "Give a Monkey a Brain" and "Chim Chim" albums. While I proudly say Fishbone is the only band from my youth who still gets my rocks off. I gotta say I avoid listening to those 2 albums to a degree...Like this album, there's alot of really fricken hard fast and frenzied noise, delivered with very delicate stylistic and rhythmic changes, revealing eccellent musicianship, experimentation, and a virtual fist to the face, as if proclaiming "none shall rock as hard as us!", Honestly very few could, but I dont care... I'm cool with super heavy music when there's an emotional context for it, but when it comes primarily from ego, I'm not that interested. I like "Rage Against the Machine", but cant stand "Orange 9mm" To draw further comparisons, I would say this is an interesting blend of Fishbone of that vintage, fused with Helmet's guitars and Alice In Chains' saccarhin harmonies, and occasionally slinks from this style to modern R&B slow jams. Almost every song is hard. I really like "Intro" and "interlude" which have nice complex beautiful build ups to the fury of their following songs, but then what follows chunks into the previously mentioned formula. Something I don't like about it, is that much of it fits the modern "alternative" radio song structure, where a decent crunchy metal song pusses out into a powerballad-esque over indulgent tirade, and repeats and repeats and repeats. I'd like it alot more if they cut at least a minute of most songs and added more down time clearly they can create very heartfelt complex thoughtful melodies, which would be a great counterpoint to the harder stuff, and is much needed here. Also I feel they could further explore the styles hinted at when the chunky guitars take a break. It seems like it's almost trying to be radio friendly, yet hard as F***, yet the lyrical content negates this theory outright almost every song has this loud/hard/pussification/loud/hard formula, and I'm sorry but It annoys me...been there done that, didn't like it the first time...although  a quiet slow build up to a kick in the teeth followed by a rowdy stomp gets me every time. Overall I'd say technically and rythmically it's quite good, but could benefit from more thought to song structure, and more personal songwriting, I really dont identify with this...I should say though I'm 36, I might've liked this alot more if I was 16 and racing around in daddie's car. It's also Waayyy better than Godsmack or current radio tripe, Remember I'm holding these guys to Fishbone standards, I'm gonna be a bit critical.
Good songs, but not great from start to end. I recommend Pleeeeeeez! Who Are You? Desperado, Samurai Shot, and School of Liberty.
I've heard these guys compared to Polyphonic Spree, which isn't quite accurate.  They maybe share the same &#34;hippie collective&#34; vibe, but musically...well they maybe fit into a very general similar ballpark.Anyway, this is melodically and rhythmically dense indie folk-pop.  No clunkers, as far as songs go.  A lot of good hooks and harmonies.  Lyrics can be goofy at times, but I can forgive that.  A good listen that has grown on me each time I give it a spin.  I'd give 4.5 stars if I could.
I enjoyed IMA Robot, so I gave this a try and really liked the whole album. A bit folky, reminded me of listening to music with my parents on a Sunday morning while eating breakfast.
I was a big fan of this album. The singles of course as everyone has heard are fantastic but it misses that fifth star to me near the end as it starts to all feel the same and gets a tad boring.
Very insightful lyrics, good music. Some songs are not exactly my style is the only reason I gave it 4 stars. But every song is inspirational in its' own way. =]
Edward Sharpe and the Magnetic Zeros' vibe reminded me specifically of the 1995 album Sunday Morning Cartoons Greatest Hits. Though Edward Sharpe and the Magnetic Zeros don't have a cartoonish vibe or sound the band evokes a trippy hippy dippy serenity that you use to get from being in your P.J.'s while eating a bowl of Frankenberry in front of the boobtube watching real cartoons. I'm talking about The Banana Splits, H.R. Puff `n' Stuff, and The Bugaloos. Edward Sharpe and the Magnetic Zeros' self titled album has may voices and instruments that are showcased in songs like "40 Day Dream, Janglin, and Home. This group will definitely bring a smile to people who were around in the 60's and generation X'ers who get a kick out of knowing real music. The band will also appeal to college age folks for the "Neo Hippie" go with the flow lyrics. If you catch a music video of this band on youtube then you'll notice the band members of Edward Sharpe and the Magnetic Zeros have a thrift store outdoorsy look the makes you think they wouldn't mind camping outside on the ground. In the videos the bandmates also look like they're having fun and the creativity genes are thriving when they play their folk rock music. Get this album if your head is in the clouds and your feet are on the ground and you want to walk through a field of polyphonic sound saying today was a good day.
I just got this album and listen to it over and over again...got it because it was cheap and I liked what i heard from the little snippets....the only weak track is kisses from babylon...but that grows on you after time...would give it 5stars but only for that misstep.  If you like floyd..cash...beatles...dylan..black keys...you cannot go wrong with this album...it grows on you each time you listen to it...I always think music like this is dying slowly...but each year some new young buck surprises me....but you be the judge
This band produces amazing, heartfelt music!  It paints beautiful scenery for drives and dives.  Folky, and oh-so- full of love.
I love this cd! This cd offers an array or different types of songs. Some are upbeat and some are more slow and relaxed.
A lot of good stuff to be found here. I don't listen to it from beginning to end personally but it is nice to have in some of my bigger playlists.
Good solid 60 rock revival fun.  And for anyone who has a doubt, early Bowie is the original influence here.  Heck, the only other release they have is a cover of a 7 minute Bowie song from Space Oddity - Memory of a Free Festival.  If you love the 60s folk rock sound that Bowie has on those early albums, you will love this, or at least like it enough that you will be glad you got it.  It is one of the closest things I have found, and I new the sound from the first few seconds.
First 6 songs on this album are great, the rest is ok.  A great buy when I bought it at $3.99.
After stumbling upon "Home" on hypem, I saw their album was just $5 on Amazon. After listening to previews of the other songs on the album, I went ahead and bought it. I don't usually listen to this genre of music but I actually am liking the CD so far. "Home" is already a favorite, as well as Jade, Janglin', and a few others. Their music is different from what I usually listen to, but the purchase was well worth it.
Eaten by Hippies should have been a hit.......Great 2nd album by this Swedish Rock/Punk Band............Hopefully they'll stay together and put out another album....Take a chance if you like high energy,hooks and quick songs.
I won this CD free of charge from a radio station in New Jersey. The CD is a hit, deserves serious attention for Johnny B. Morbid (lead vocals and many others!) as a songwriter and musician. Despite not being a fan of the 'hard' vocals on a couple of songs, the entire album is well put together. Can't wait to see them put on a live show, hope they come down to Atlanta at some point. Favorite songs are "Sacrifice" and "Wrong Side of Dead" for some KILLER Ambient noise!
pretty good punk group, they still put on a good show, not real fast easy to understand so a good one for those getting into punk
I was first turned on to this band by a guitarist in my band through the album "If I Could See Dallas" which I found to be minimalist alt jazz with a very nice instrumental line-up.  Our band was influenced by and/or attributable to Yo La Tengo, Tortoise, Malachy Papers and (because of my drumming style copped/modified from Bill Bruford) King Crimson as far as odd time sig and dynamics influencing/leading a "jam" portion in every song.I recently purchased "Sleepy Strange," "Down the Elements," "Giving Machines" (review to follow soon) "Belmondo" and I plan to purchase "Loveless" and (despite the odd review posted here) "Waking Hours" for the completist reasons stated below.  I love this band (haven't seen them live yet) and want to be able to place six or seven discs in a row on the player and see where they have come from and what they have gotten up to.The first Beyond the Mountains "mix" has a real Yo La Tengo whispery high vocal twist to it but the cello, synth and pedal steel Japancakes "sound" has that separation and individualized input that I love so much. The bass(?) and drums are also "up front" making sure none of the instruments supercedes any of the others while maintaining the tempo nicely if a little simply for my taste. The killer slide solo in the middle section is a treat for sure.  Great production and mixing all aroundThe second "mix" (labeled "Wet Concrete") is same as the first, but the lyrics are all sung in Chinese. This would make a great animation video/soundtrack or even an animated MTV vid for whatever they call their MTV over there.The final "mix" is the same all over again but is labeled (instrumental) and is just as it says it is. I bought the whole "album" and I would recommend that the buyer beware (if they don't want three versions of the same song) unless, like me, they appreciate of the entirety of a band's output. In other words, this whole album is for the completist, a manifestation I suffer (gladly) from.
I got this demo from a band member who goes to my work that had claimed this album to be &#34;hardcore punk&#34;. I was skeptical because that genre had died in the mid 80's; but after listening to this raw album I've got to say it must be coming back, because this is without a doubt music that is punk to the core! Any fans of hardcore music would easily enjoy listening to this album.
If you like Foo Fighters, Greenday, Nirvana, Pennywise, Red Hot Chili Peppers, Incubus, Fugazi, Helmet, Deftones, and the Police... you will LOVE this record!! Plus, the artwork, and packaging, are killer!
This is an amazing album. I saw these guys perform endless times in Bozeman, MT. Favorite show was at the Filling Station. They had a great vibe and always kept the crowd wanting and wanting. The recording overall is pretty good. The singer needs a little help, but it was all part of the package. Spurge wanted to hit it big and moved out to Portland around 95 never to be heard of again. I heard it was drugs and more drugs causing the downward spiral. Too bad ... would have loved to hear what they could have done next.
I like this band, but I feel his "growling vocals" would have been better if not used, and kept to a more of a singing. Still worth a good listen and a laugh or two.
It is interesting to read other reviews if only to be reminded how musical tastes vary.This entire compilation is solid, but there are three stand-outs that make it more than worthwhile:* GOLDENBOY's Motorbike.  His indie-pop, mellow rock sound is reminiscent of The Smiths.  Not surprising to learn that he was influenced by Johnny Marr, from whom he got his stage name.  If you like Motorbike, you'll find it on Goldenboy's second album, Underneath The Radio (2006).* BLUE-EYED SON's The Tide.  Another indie-pop gem.  Vocally, he reminds me of Elliott Smith, particularly Smith's more up-tempo, less somber recordings.  If you like The Tide, you'll find it on Blue-Eyed Son's 2004 debut album, West of Lincoln.* GREAT NORTHERN's Houses is an outstanding alt-rock track.  It's hard to easily categorize Great Northern, partly because vocal duties are shared between a man and a woman, giving a different quality to the tracks they each front.  They strike a middle ground between other Los Angeles based bands with similar 'co-ed' line-ups, like Silversun Pickups and Rilo Kiley.  So if you enjoy those bands, you should enjoy Great Northern.  Houses is from their second album, Remind Me Where The Light Is, that came out earlier this year.
The gems here are:Reversible- Division Day 8Even The Sunbeams- From Bubblegum To SkyandMotorbike- Goldenboy (this one has been around from late '06 but still a good song)Until they start PAYING you to download music this is as good as it gets!
Everything but "Before I Lose My Style" is playable over and over again.  Love this sampler!
I heard about Iglu & Hartly on the Freakonomics podcast (the one about how one teacher is revolutionizing his curriculum because conventional American education is like a factory system), and I immediately created a new Pandora station of them. Later that same day I still wanted to hear more, so I downloaded the album from Amazon.I just about wore this album out playing all the great tracks throughout the summer. The only reason I didn't give this one 5 stars is because of the occasional expletives, which hindered when/where I could play/repeat this album (e.g. with friends who have toddlers/parrots).I hope they put out another album for next summer too.
This album is something of a mystery.  It doesn't appear anywhere in the chronology of the Brian Jonestown Massacre's catalog, and yet it exists.  It's the only digital-only release by the band, and it serves as something of an unofficial BJM compilation album.  Which is bizarre seeing as how it follows the double-disc compilation 'Tepid Peppermint Wonderland: A Retrospective' by only a few years.In fact, I was almost positive this album's a bootleg.  I went so far as to contact Anton via Twitter to ask what the deal is with 'Your Side of Our Story'.  According to Anton, it's a recording session he did with the band that never made it onto CD or vinyl and got distributed as a digital-only release.  Other than that, there really aren't very many details about this release.Probably the best way to describe this album is to say it's a live in-studio performance of the BJM's catalogue.  They went so far as to give us an intro, an outro, and even an encore, so I really can't think of a better way to describe it.  In fact, so far, the BJM have never released a live album, so this is the closest you'll get to something like that--think Clapton's 'From the Cradle'.  Also, the versions of the songs on this record sound different than those found on the band's previous releases because they're being played "live."My personal favorites are "David Bowie I Love You (Since I Was Six)," "Whoever You Are," "Jennifer," "Swallowtail," "It Girl," "Feel So Good," and "Prozac vs Heroin."  Of the 17 songs on this album ("Intro" and "Outro" don't count), the only one I've heard on another record is "Prozac vs Heroin" from 'The Singles Collection (1992 - 2011)'.  Also, the songs on this album feel more organic than they do on compilations like 'Tepid Peppermint Wonderland: A Retrospective' and 'The Singles Collection (1992 - 2011)'.  Also, at the low price of merely $5.99, this album's a steal and an excellent introduction to the Brian Jonestown Massacre.This is an excellent purchase for long-time fas as well as new inductees.  Get it, ya dig?!
This hardcore punk band from Arkansas clearly have a strong belief in Heaven and Hell, and that the only way to spend eternity in Heaven is through a relationship with Jesus Christ. The band's influences are such as Social Distortion, Comeback Kid, Bane, Stretch Armstrong, Dogwood, and MxPx.Since Take It Back!'s first album Nick Thomas has stepped up to take over as lead singer, with existing members Daniel Hawkins (guitar) and Josh Huskey (drums) being joined by new guitarist Cody Bradley. Interestingly, no bassist was credited on the album, although they now have Devin on board.There are some great shouted vocals on "New Empires" ("No longer can we wait for things to all work out/Just open up your eyes and look past your front door/Your sisters in the streets and your brothers at war/Compassion has been lost in a nation built by greed/But we could be a generation that is truly free") which hit home, while another standout song is "What We're Fighting For" which mainly contains clear vocals, with a short portion of hardcore growling.That song too can be summed up with some lyric excerpts ("So why does a difference in opinion mean that I am wrong" and "I hope that one day we will live in harmony unified in the same goal/'cause now is not the time for us to draw a line in the sand/To decide which side we're fighting for").There are also two covers here, Black Flag's "Rise Above" and No Innocent Victim's "To Burn Again".
As they always are, Intro5pect is inventive on this album. However, compared to their previous releases it feels a little lackluster.
Chase Park was released begin september 2009 without much publicity. It just suddenly was there. No word on their MySpace, no news on their site, no tour. I'm always curious why artists (and their reprs.) release records this way. You spent a lot of time writing and recording (Magnapop's latest record Mouthfeel is dated 2005), and when Your Big Moment of Releasing is There, you just do...well actually nothing. And that's a shame, because this is another great record from the band of Linda Hopper and Ruthie Morris that deserves a lot of attention. It probably has to do with money and record companies wanting to spent their budget on younger and sexier Magnapop-clones like The Veronicas or Paramore.The record kicks off Magnapop-old style with Bring it to Me. The hook-line 'We come with sweaters on' sticks in you head immediately. Straight to You is reminiscent of the Magnapop classic song 'Texas'. The records then speeds up with a bunch of short songs (around two minutes) only to slow down with the Bangle-esque Looking For Ghosts.One of the best songs is Future Forward, again with a killer hook, strong harmonies and fierce guitars. On the last song I Need More, we hear for the first time how beautiful L&iacute;nda's voice actually is, when she sings fragile: 'You break my heart, and you always must push away when I want to.' On this song there is some more production (violins, big vocals) and it immediately makes it the strongest song of the record. It just makes you think what kind of records they could make when they would have more production-budget and the songs would have gotten a 'Linda Perry' make-over. The three-piece sound (drum, guitar, bass) is nice and familiar, but the songs are just getting more definition when they are a little bit pumped up with additional production.
A new album is always good news for Magnapop fans.  And this is a strong one, if not quite up to the 90s prime.  It rocks pretty well though, with QTip an immediate standout. All Magnapop fans will want to have it, but hopefully others will discover it as well.
I feel like Health are ashamed of having fun making noise. The drums, electronics, and guitar work are all entirely ecstatic. Even though this is "harsh," industrial sounding, and dissonant (to tasteful effect), each "voice" in this band is a sympathetic character, familiar enough but not without endearing idiosyncrasies- maybe you just have to be a feedback-savvy, noisy musician yourself to understand the sheer joy invested into a record like this. I guess it's just the ghostly, extremely disaffected-sounding faux-Thom-Yorke singing and the deadpan "hardcore kids" live presentation  which give the impression that there is probably some "point" I should be "getting" in the indiscernible lyrics. Maybe Health hold the same opinion as the Pitchfork reviewer who complained that he "didn't know how to feel" when listening to the record. I however, am of the opinion that the ambiguous, conflicted emotions that music of this nature confronts head on, rather than avoids, are what validates it. So as long as the instrumentals keep up the enthusiasm, energy, and emotional vocabulary like on Get Color I'll probably keep buying Health records.
Wow, I really liked this song, never considered buying it, but, I found myself having to have it all. Over 13 or so different mixes of the same song is way too much. I love it
I'm a metal guy, but there are a few hardcore/punk bands that I really enjoy. Richmond's Avail is one of those bands. Avail combines melody with aggression, which sets them apart from the rest of the hardcore/punk scene. Avail is certainly loud and fast enough for most hardcore/punk fans, but they are also a band that fans of Social Distortion and Bad Religion can get into.Dixie is the band's second album, and the first in the Jade Tree series of Avail reissues.  It's probably my least favorite Avail album, which means I still like it more than just about every other hardcore/punk release. There are some great songs on Dixie (including the band's cover of the John Cougar Mellencamp staple "Pink Houses"), but it doesn't seem to have the focus that some of Avail's other albums have. It does show significant growth from the raw sound ofSatiate, but I think Satiate had a better overall feel.Over the Jamesis a great example. That album isn't simply a collection of songs; it's a mission statement. Still, Dixie is a very good album, and the 2006 reissue makes it even better.As to this reissue - what's not to like? The album has been digitally remastered, so it sounds great. Plus, they've added 11 bonus tracks - nearly doubling the album length. In addition to 2 studio tracks from the Attempt to Regress 7" ("Connection" and "Mr. Morgan", which were originally on Satiate), the entire Live at the King's Head Inn 10" is included. The live tracks don't have the best sound quality, but it's still cool to see them collected here. All in all, the band gives you plenty of reasons to replace your old copy of Dixie. I just hope Satiate receives the same deluxe treatment someday.
Layers of sound and melody, crashing, blending, burning, harmony and dissonance,beauty and sadness, love and death. Everything. This album is just everything.So much exhilaration behind every song, and so much fun. This is a RAWK album. You'llpogo around the room from the first track and won't stop till the last. Sobuy it. You'll love it.
I got into Andrew Jackson Jihad because of their sound. They have a punk sensibility with a folk rock edge. Their music reminds me of early Against Me! with funnier lyrics (since Against Me! is more serious and political). I have all of AJJ's albums and this album is my favorite. It stikes a nice balance of angsty punk rock and slower story style elements of folk music. Saw them live when they were on tour with Frank Turner. For a while I thought I was the only one singing along with Andrew Jackson Jihad's smart lyrics, to my surprise I turned around to notice a whole choir of fans chanting along with me. If your new to A.J.J this is a must have. This album perfectly shows Andrew Jackson Jihad's song writing abilities.
At the latter end of their career, That Petrol Emotion had their sound down. They had finally settled in to their true voice as artists. The song-writing and performance are great. Detonate My Dreams is a kick *ss rocker. Catch a Fire, a crunchy mid tempo number, is an intense and catchy song. Last Of The True Believers, Speed of Light, Shangri-La and Heartbeat Mosaic are all stand outs. It's a good album. The more I listen to it, the more I like it. And the good news is that TPE have re-formed and have had a successful tour in Europe this past summer. Here is hoping they come to the States. (That Petrol Emotion are an amazing live band not to be missed if they come to your city.)
Yes, this is great music to work out to. Not quite as good as Warhead. Hardcore industrial, yes it is.
Enjoyed hearing the old songs.  I forgot many of these, and enjoyed hearing them for the &#34;1st&#34; time. I was a fan back in the day, but still good music.
I love it because it's the opening music to the Stephanie Miller Show - who I love the most. But Katrina and the Waves have a really tight horn section.
The Heavy Guilt plays thoughtfully crafted rock music. The vibe is low-key, the pacing is relaxed and the mood is beautifully dark. Thematically, the songs on "Lift Us Up From This" deal with personal struggles and interpersonal conflicts. Erik Canzona's vocals bring to mind Widespread Panic's John Bell. With a Ray LaMontagne sensibility, these songs were recorded with a rare purity that enables the listener to hear each note and every word. These dynamics come together through a fantastic sound that sometimes lends a jazzy ambiance to the Heavy Guilt's rock. In contrast to a live show that can be improvisationally psychoactive, this studio project is all about the song. Highlights include 'Clove,' 'You Took So Little' and 'Mixed Messages.' 'Home' is melancholia with a jazzy feel while 'Let this Daylight' is one of the album's cookin' rockers. 'Heavier than Mist' features what may be the band's signature sensibility: delicate power. While such songs may be low-key, they can soar to emotional heights. For the listener, "Lift Us Up From This" will become a guilty pleasure. As for the band, they shouldn't feel an ounce of guilt for earning a much deserved following.
Worth the purchase.  The title fits the CD.  It's experimental and in my opinion better than Invitation and All Rise.  It has more of an indie, psychedelic and electronic ebb to it than All Rise fans may be accustomed to, perhaps even a hint of Pink Floyd on a few songs.Then of course you have the beautiful and amazing voice of Inara George portraying her deep and very introspective poetry.
Simple riffs, harmonies, and vocals make this a must for anyone that likes downtempo indie music similar in theme to the soundtrack for "Gardenstate."
I noticed that Simone White's latest album "Yakiimo" had yet to be reviewed on Amazon.com, so I'll get the ball rolling because she deserves to be heard by a wider audience.Simone's musical oeuvre is minimalist post modern folk music. She didn't learn to play guitar until age 22 but her simple finger picking patterns underscore the power of her songwriting and she uses few, if any backup musicans on her recordings. Her music is ironic, tender,  mysterious, erotic and often disturbing. She sings elegantly crafted folk ballads that are unadulterated interior musings of an observer. Simone is a voyeur who observes with a keen eye. But she is also an sly exhibitionist unafraid of sharing her intimate observations with an audience of strangers. Those contradictions between the self and the other are what makes Simone White an intriguing musician and artist.On songs like "Bunny in a Bunny Suit" and "A Girl You Never Met" her emotional honesty can be a bit disconcerting. Simone's lyrics are provocative by design. Her expressive voice and the sparse arrangements of her songs make it easier for her music to get unsettlingly close to you. There is an awkward sadness that is often at odds with a shimmering sense of self discovery in her music. Simone's highly stylized YouTube videos reveal a photogenic and imaginative performance artist with a quietly powerful aristic vision.I've heard Simone compared to everyone from Lisa Germano to Astrud Gilberto to Mo Tucker to Cat Power to PJ Harvey. Her covers of songs by Victoria Williams and Elizabeth Cotton songs her musical influences to be even more diverse and unorthodox. Caveat Emptor: The cover songs are only available on the MP3 download of "Yakiimo" ($8.99) which has 15 songs and are absent on the compact disc which has only 12 songs and has a steep price tag of $24.98. Apparently Simone is marketing "Yakiimo" to the digital generation.By her own account Simone was born in Hawaii to a family of artists and spent her early years "playing in the dirt and moving from town to town." Her parents were hippies (rumored to be cultists) who lived a bedouin lifestyle. Drawn to the arts, Simone acted in plays and films, work as a photographer and wrote. Needing an instrument for the songs she wrote a cappella, Simone taught herself to play guitar. But other interests prevailed and it wasn't until she moved to New York from London in 2000 that she was ready to get on stage and play. She played at NYC clubs and bars. A chance meeting in 2004 took her to Nashville to record with Mark Nevers (Calexico, Will Oldham, Lambchop).Simone White is a distinctive musical stylist and won't be everyone's cup of tea but if you like musical eccentrics like Cat Power or Lisa Germano you'll probably like Simone. It takes a few listenings to appreciate the complex psychosocial themes Simone White explores with her music. I've been under the spell of Simone's sublimely dark existential gaze every since I downloaded "Yakiimo" a few weeks back. "Yakiimo" is one of notable albums of 2009.NOTABLE SONGS: Bunny in A Bunny Suit; Baby Lay Down With Me; Without A Sound; and Yakiimo.
This is a great CD, and the first track is by far the best.NOTE that the second disc ("Object 003") mentioned above does not come with this purchase.  You only get that if you order this direct from the Stripmall Architecture website.  I found this out the hard way from White Crow Media (who were great and very responsive to my inquiries).  Just a heads-up, ordering this from Amazon gets you the first disc only.
disclosure : my son.david herberthaunting organ lead infresh words with narrative.this first album has had a brisk sucess in australia.try it..proud dad of little aussie battler.
this is not really the kind of music i listen to BUT i found it quite catchy..its pretty weird and thats my favorite part! its worth listening to so get on it!
I genuinely dig it. Very catchy and fun, the kind of stuff you wanna bounce around to. Nice modern party punk.
I like this and it's so original and better than most the crap you hear on the radio. Real good!
I don't love everything he's done, but this is pretty awesome, especially 'Your Darkside'. Overall, all of the songs are good. Great Party album!!!
Very catchy and original. You'll be able to PARTY HARD to Aleister X that's for sure! Get it now and enjoy the sweet music!
With their first release since 2007's "Oh Calcutta!", The Larry Arms celebrate their 10th Anniversary with this 5 song EP of the witty and rockin' style fans know and love. SIDE NOTE: This is also available in physical form as a 4 song 7 inch record (Demons is digital only).The Ramblin' Boys of Pleasure continue on in the sound they've been cultivating since the "Present Day Memories" split with The Chinkees. While their style hasn't changed much, the songs manage to sound fresh and new and are a worthy next step forward.My only complaint would be that out of the 5 songs, only one is a "Chris Song". This is a bummer as his contribution here, "The Slowest Drink..." is the stand out track of the EP. I would have liked to see a more even distribution between Chris and Brendan songs. Also, there are no "gang vocal songs" that were the trade mark of Oh Calcutta.Buttsweat & Tears is a solid EP that quenches the thirst but also whets the appetite for their next full album.
Moon light, is what it sounds like. It's a very articulate sound, well polished and well played. It has shades of Sigur Ros at times and shines of EITS in others, and although that may not be the intent the idea here is to give you an idea of what their sound is made up of. It's an interesting blend and pretty good listen, the best rating is your own so sample it, then decide for yourself.
The first time I heard James Spader (one of the many great songs on this Growing album) on Last.fm, I knew I was going to buy this album.  I love Math Rock though and these guys perform elements of Math Rock really well without going so far out there that they venture into Prog territory.  I may not know what I'm talking about, but the seminal Math Rock album I judge many albums of this genre against is Breadwinner's Burner album.  While I also look towards Slint and Don Cab as models too, Breadwinner is a band that I can never tire of.  This album may not be as raw as Burner, but it has a lot of the same interesting little twists.  I rate this album as Solid.
I discovered this band on Fat Freddy's Drop member radio, and was sufficiently interested to buy this little EP. The standouts are Stay Close to Each Other and I Feel Alive. Stay Close to Each Other starts off with a typical reggae vibe, then cuts to a faster section reminiscent of the old AFV song. Fight for Ya Right is a bit of an oddball, as it's a cover of the Beastie Boys' song. If you are looking for nice, happy reggae, then this is a solid choice. I also give my highest recommendation to Fat Freddy's Drop if you haven't heard them
It's very nice to see local music being given an opportunity to sell albums outside of their shows! This is the first output from Lola Black and has songs that are mainstays of their live act. Awesome album!
What many American psychobilly bands have failed to do is cook up a beefy stew of both old school and new school psychobilly on one album.  That time has arrived and it's a hearty stew indeed.  Flavors of punk, rockabilly, latin swing, hillbilly and ska make this a tasty meal for true-hearted psychos everywhere.  Check out the guest vocals from Spike Baller (Barnyard Ballers, Pickled Punks) on "The River".  For fans of Klingonz, 12 Step Rebels and Batmobile.
Picking up a song for free on Amazon was my first introduction to Lambchop.  This whole CD is a great recording of the ridiculous talent this band possesses.  Well recorded, almost my favorite live album ever, except for the screaming woman in the audience.  BIG distraction from some of the songs, including, "Give it".
Wow... This is some great, aggressive hardcore punk/fastcore from VA. While I am listening to this, all I can think of is: A - How great this is. And 2 - How much the lead singer sounds like John Connelly from Nuclear Assault. And this is a GREAT thing as I have always thought he had one of the better vocal outputs in thrash metal. I believe Gov't Warning is hard and fast enough to please most thrash metallers even though they are a punk band. Paranoid Mess contains 15 tracks on Grave Mistake Records/No Way Records, for fans of Wasted Time, F.U's, Heresy (UK), Ripcord and old Suicidal Tendencies.- Jay in Texas
From the ashes of Aerogramme comes Postdata. Musically this album continues the slide into introspective acoustic indie rock. Lyrically it's pure poetry. The song 'Warning' gets me choked up every time I hear it. This is definitely a rainy day album which you should NOT listen to if you are clinically depressed. Beautiful, sad and vital. Better British rock than Coldplay because it's just more raw. But fans of the latter will definitely like it.
I've been a fan of the Neue Deutsche H&auml;rte genre since the 90s.  Let me say that Omega Lithium is a welcome addition.  For those of you who don't know this genre, It's a crossover style that is influenced by industrial metal, hard rock, groove metal, and alternative metal combining it with elements from electronic music and techno.  Other bands like Oomph! or Rammstein have been around for quite a while.Unlike their German counterparts, all songs are in English.  Mya's vocal range is nice going anywhere from a grumbling spoken voice to a soaring melodic voice.  The drums, bass and guitarwork is fairly good and its all pulled together with a electronic synth sound. Pretty typical faire for NDH music.  The thing that makes this group stand out is the female lead and backup growls.My favorite tracks on this album are Infest, Stigmata, Dreams in Formaline and Angel's Holocaust.My only complaint about the album is that a lot of the tracks sound the same.  Spoken or slowly sung lyrics then after a few verses, the tracks pick up speed.
This is a cool new album that fans of gothic, female fronted metal should like.  Don't expect symphonic metal though.  It's almost like metal with a dance vibe.  Closest analogies might be "Wish I Had an Angel" by Nightwish or maybe Rob Zombie.  Anyway, it's really well done.  Fav songs so far are Stigmata, Andromeda, and Infest.  There's a great Stigmata video online too.
Very refreshing hard hitting rock album from Angus Clark (TSO fame) and the boys.  So much of the newer metal and hard rock these days is just crap with subpar guitar players and no-talent vocalists (Nirvana started the whole &#34;garbage rock&#34; movement). These guys tear it up and put some great guitar chops and talented vocals together. I highly recommend to anyone that is a fan of true 70's and 80's hard rock.
A great album, one worth listening over and over again! There are some really well written songs!!
I was first attracted by the dynamics of their work, and the fact that the instrumentation and arrangements were definitely unique and unpolished, yet still somehow ear-friendly.  The songs are not predictable and each has its own little world of association that you think comes from the fact these musicians are just doing their own thing. But sometimes, I hate to say, I can hear a little too much of Death Cab for Cutie influences. It's the vocals and arrangements which are obviously tied to that school of indie rock ala TV show licensing, but overall, it's still a really good and listenable album. I look forward to the band coming into its own a little bit more - and taking more risks.  But the musicianship is stellar and you have to give it to these kids for going the extra mile. The choruses are soothing and rhythms are varied, and lyrics are definitely of the young college student demographic, but I'd buy their next album too if it branches off a bit from the referential stuff of their obvious influences.
Well, I'm really enjoying the Freelance Whales fresh sound - with elements reminiscent of the New Pornographers, Simon and Garfunkel, The Bird and the Bee with some folky banjo instrumental chucked in for good measure.  The lyrics are really cute, intimate and whimsical too: "you caught me sleeping in the powersockets". Nice.
Promising debut album, lush harmonies with sharp writing on many songs.  I didn't love it from start to finish, but there are enough high spots to make it worthwhile.
I have everything Loscil and I was at first hesitant to purchase this not knowing anything of Destroyer.  In fact, I still don't know anything about Destroyer.  Did it/they even contribute to this piece?  I found the song very Loscil-like and very enjoyable.  If you're familiar with their work, this piece is worth the money and a fine addition to your Loscil library.
Probably the best CD this band has done. Blood Ritual Rocks!!!! They're a half dozen good tracks here. Check it Out
This Pitt quintet is made up of solid musicians/characters whose wide appreciation of music is evident in the 7 blistering tracks that make up AoE. This music is best described as Metal because, within these tracks, you'll find elements of every sub-genre of heavy music. If you enjoy these tracks, be sure to check out the rest of their catalog on Innervenus.org.(Be sure to catch them live as they wreak havoc near you- They do not disappoint)!
I would give it 5 stars...if Cope would come to Chattanooga, Tennessee.I have seen Cope in concert too many times to count but a few things remain. Thoughtful lyrics, chill beats, and another great cd! Can't wait to see him in concert in 2010!
How can I be the first one to review this album? Fans of Jason Collett's know his sound tends to veer on the poppy side with a little "throw back" edge to it. I like to call it music from the "Quentin Tarantino Soundtrack" era. While fans of his previous work may be thrown off by the mellower tracks on this album--I tend to prefer his more up-tempo stuff if I'm being honest--these mellower tracks feel very "current" with what's going on in the indie folk scene right now.What makes him different from every other pop rock John Mayer clone is that his lyrics usually have a subtle "bite" to them that I appreciate. Standout tracks include: "Love Is A Dirty Word," "The Slowest Dance" (which is quite reminiscent of "Stuck In the Middle With You"), and "High Summer" (which has a little "Ziggy Stardust" thing going on). I often find Collett is one of those artists whose albums I can put on and rarely skip a track and this release is no different.
This is a very cool release.I have this on vinyl only 500 made.Not a fan of gg allin but worth getting the recordings of tiny tim alone !Hollywood cowboys , medley for england & I believe in tomarrow.Of course tiny's message is nice to hear his passion of music to our ears.4 Stars.
These women are Great. I don't know if they intend to be funny or not but I find it fun. This is a great Halloween album. This is the only album of theirs I currently own but I hope to get their others soon. Great Album.
Never knew this existed or was available commercially. The sound is good, and the band is very tight. As Dee Dee Ramone would say, &#34;1234!&#34;
Three comments:You can hear Charlie McMahon playing his didgeridoo on the sample of the first track; pity it isn't mixed a little higher, but still a great addition.The second track is somewhat mistitled, being more properly called "Trashing All The Loves of History".It's a great day when a rare soundboard gets released, so any complaints are trivial (mainly that -- like LIVE IN CHICAGO -- there isn't more of it). I bought mine; now it's your turn
This is a great live album. I'm really sad that Behind a Smile was cut out. Its even more frustrating that the intro is included to tease you.
British psychedelic band that certainly has something to say. Until I recieved a copy of this recently, I never even heard of them. As it turns out, the Pockets Gods have at least one other CD out + a couple of EP's. Total of twelve well-played, well-crafted psychedelic pop tunes to fully take in. Tracks like the awesome rocker "Billy Childish Enters The Space Race", "Perfect Blue", the all-psyched out "I'm The Ed Wood Of Indie Pop" (catchy song title), the power-packed "Nipple Fight", "Telstar Gurl" and the somewhat stunning closer "Zeta Reticuli" shows the new fan(s) just what the Pocket Gods are capable of. Personnel: Mark Lee - guitar, keyboards, drums & vocals, Claire Lee - bass and Annie Moeke - backing vocals. Their influences are that of the Beatles, Syd Barrett and Joy Division. 'Plan Nub, Behind The Fridge' would likely bring something good to fans of the Zombies, Hawkwind (the Robert Calvert era), the previously mentioned Syd Barrett, Bonzo Dog Doo Dah Band, Asteroid No. 4 and Spacemen 3.
I really don't know much about the bands or even the genre,  but I like the surf rock sound played fast and loud.  As it turns out this album provides that.
What we got here is a mixed couple band from Brooklyn, that somehow completely fails to mention The Cure in their influences, even though the opening of "Scatterbrain" is totally a Robert Smith retread.  Of course, he's so old that it's entirely possible they didn't know that, so I'll forgive them the lapse.  Copying Cure, Throwing Muse and Pixie openings (songs 1, 2 & 3 consecutively) is not really a problem, it's what comes afterwards, because Jason K. as a singer falls way short.  His voice is thin in the first place, and he sings his lyrics in a very disconnected way, tossing in the final word of lines just because it was on the page.  It's very distracting, it sounds like he's reading the lyrics for the first time, he doesn't sing like he means anything he's saying.  I think he's trying for an Elvis Costello "too cool" thing, but, dude, it's not working.  Let the girls sing, they sound pretty good.That's a pity, because I like the songs, especially "He Can't Hit", but my favorite part is the end, the harmony between the girls.  I really want to like this band, nice hooks, a good indie beat, and then there's Jason . . . I can't take his voice in my ears, I want to belt him over the head with his microphone and tell him to stop.  Maybe he won't bug you as much, check it out, because it could just be me.
Friction was a punk rock band from Central, Pennsylvania that formed in 1979 and disbanded in 1988. The group played tight minimalist punk rock in styles similar to The Clash, Gang Of Four, XTC, and Talking Heads. Singer Craig Matthew's lyrics had a political edge that expressed the group's small town, working class background.
Excellently recorded as usual, as a companion to his book.  Note, however, that all of the tracks except 'Olympia National Forest' contain man-made noise (trains, people, automobiles, etc), to make his point about the lack of silence.  Still very listenable, however.
Sweden's Baxter made a bit of a splash in the U.S. with their 1998 debut (probably due in part to its being on Madonna's Maverick label), but they basically disappeared for a few years after that. That album was a little too reliant on the "drum 'n bass" sound for my liking, although over the years, I have come to love it's dark, moody  trip-hop sound - a bit similar to Massive Attack's Mezzanine, I suppose, and Nina Ramsby has one of the most smoothly seductive voices I've heard in some time. Their harder-to-find second release "About this" let go of most of the drum 'n bass aspect of their sound, leaving us with a strictly trip-hop album, and an excellent one at that - a little more upbeat, and not too dissimilar to the earlier Hooverphonic sound. This new one is a bit more "poppy" - at times, I thought there was almost a Sade quality to some of these songs (and I wish the new Sade was as good as this). Overall, Baxter has gotten lighter but still offer a smooth, dark groove that should appeal to any fans of Massive Attack and Hooverphonic, or even fans of Curve, Morcheeba, or Goldfrapp. And none of them can hold a candle vocally to Nina Ramsby! I would normally say that you should just check out the soundclips, but in this case, the parts of the songs they chose for the 30-second samples just don't seem to do the songs justice. You're simply going to have to take my word for it (!) that you will love this (or any of the previous Baxter albums) if you are at all into this particular genre of music.
I stumbled upon this band while simply looking for new music in a very limited pool of bands playin celtic influenced stuff.  I am a big fan of the bands Flogging Molly, The Dropkick Murphy's, Flatfoot56, & The Tossers (just to name a few), which is how I found these guys.  To say it simply this CD is for anyone who's been crapped on after a hard days work.  The song subject matter can be identified with by any blue-collared worker.  The lyrics are heart-felt & by the tone of the singers voice...very personal.As for the bands sound, it's Old School Oye Punk Rock, with a touch of Rockabilly, & some Celtic flair.Simply put this album is agressive, angry, & just undeniably great!  Highly Recommend!
When you think about the early Christian rock and metal bands, its usually popular bands like Stryper or Whitecross that come to mind, but in the early 1980s it was bands like Petra, Jerusalem, Resurrection Band and Canada's Daniel Band that were blazing the trail. At that point, mixing rock and roll music with a Christian message was a bold and controversial choice, and Daniel Band did it quite well.Daniel Band issued their first album - On Rock - in 1982. Like most of their peers in the Contemporary Christian Music (CCM) scene, Daniel Band's style was highly reflective of their more popular secular counterparts. Since it was the early `80s and they were a Canadian band, that meant April Wine, Triumph and Rush. Now those bands were all on top of their game at the time, so imitating them isn't really a bad call. With On Rock, Daniel Band was delivering a version of hard rock that was melodic and commercially accessible, but with plenty of musical chops and an unwavering faith. Band leader Daniel McCabe was a steady hand at bass, but also provided a steady, higher-octave voice that brought comparisons to Rush's Geddy Lee. Guitarist Tony Rossi was the perfect counterpart to McCabe, delivering both memorable hooks and some knockout solos.Album opener "He's the Creator" is a dead ringer for Rush's "Working Man" and "Two Roads" sounds a LOT like Ted Nugent's "Cat Scratch Fever." The rest of the album sounds like Christian versions of April Wine and Triumph songs. It's all good stuff, but they don't exactly get points for originality.If you're a Christian rock fan, this isn't even an optional release, especially now that such an impressive reissue is available. Daniel Band was an essential part of the Christian Contemporary Music community/genre, and On Rock is where it all began.Edition Notes: Retroactive Records' 2010 reissue of On Rock features digitally remastered sound and a pair of bonus tracks. The remastered audio is the real draw of this reissue, as it was very well done, but the bonus tracks - a pair of rare demos from 1980 - are also well worth hearing. The first - "At All Turns to Rain" is a rocking number with some great layered vocals and the second - "I Give You All" - is a sing-along praise tune that sounds like the prototype for every single song you've ever heard while eating at Chick-Fil-A.
This album is great because, each song fits in very well with each of the robot masters of Mega Man 2 which is one of the best Mega Man games in the whole franchise.  I really loved the Metal Man featured song &#34;Metal Dance&#34;.  Its fun to play each robot masters level while listening to their featured song on this album.
For the price, I liked it with three or so really good songs.  This IS derived from videogames and feels more a recording of group that's more for bringing decent riffs to fan parties.
Magni &Aacute;sgeirsson, the Icelandic rocker who received significant exposure during the U.S. "Rock Star: Supernova" reality series, offers a solid debut album.  Magni provides great vocals, with a voice that works on both powerful rockers and on softer ballads.  The best upbeat track is "Addicted," and he excels on several rock ballads, especially "If I Promise You the World," "World Alone," and "See You Tonight."  The live cover of "The Dolphins Cry" is good, except for the cheering that extends for about two minutes at the end.  Other songs on the album are good, albeit not quite at the same level of the previously mentioned tracks.The original version of the album actually came out in 2007.  It included an impressive cover of Radiohead's "Creep," but unfortunately, that is not included on the 2010 release.  The 2010 album, though, is the first to include "When the Time Comes."I look forward to more from Magni.  Who knew that rock from Iceland could be so hot?
I saw this album on the $5 digital downloads and purchased it on a whim (I like to experiment).  When I listened to the first song I was taken back to the days when I was in elementary school as a group of disgruntled children help chant an anthem of angst to their parents.  Although unique, I have thoroughly enjoyed this album and must say I got my $5 worth.  If you like experimentally melodic music, give this one a try.
Just as good and much like their 'Green' effort (see my review) in the way that the band plays a healthy dose of high-emergy psychedelic + the fact they were both released in 2009 on the Captain Trip label. Check out their site when you have time - they have a lot of hard-to-find titles. As for 'Purple', I dug the disc's two lengthiest tracks the best - the seven-minute "September's Rain" and clocking in at over eight minutes the ass-kicking "Always Trips Over". Also liked the in-your-face rocker "Planet X" and "Owl Man". For your convenience, you can easily download the entire CD off this very site. Enjoy.
This is Magic Bullets` 2nd full-length and if you're not familiar with them, lets just say that they're a modern version of The Smiths. I hate to limit them like that, but this record forced me to do it. Their first 2 records actually stood on their own and although I could definitely hear a Smiths influence, it wasn't nearly as apparent as it is now. That isn't to say that this isn't a decent record because it totally is. The thing is, compared to their previous albums, it falls a bit short at times. I think the biggest shortcoming of this album was my preconception of it. What I'm trying to say is that they led me on and they broke my heart- just a little. I'm not sure if this is just a moderately-paced version of themselves or if this is their new general direction, but I do know one thing: I like their previous work more.
WARNING:  If you are looking to download individual tracks from this record, BE AWARE Amazon has them mislabeled!  Listen first!  I bought an MP3 of "Snakes and Ladders" only to find it was some other song - and "Snakes and Ladders" is actually available under the "I Feel Like It's Starting to Rain" title.  BE CAREFUL and don't buy the wrong thing like I just did!  Amazon needs to get its act together here.
These are all classics, but two stand the test of time.&#34;Turn around, look at me&#34;&#34;You are my Special Angel&#34;Quality of sound is excellent.Not all tracks are by the original Vogues so its not collector quality.
If you grew up enjoying the Vogues and perhaps attending their concerts.....this album brings some of their best presentations back to you.  I enjoy listening to this when I need a trip down memory lane. Romantic memories abound.
Nice mixture of styles.  Quality of sound was very good.  Good mixture of a 50's sound as well as early 60's
I enjoy this sampler, where not all the songs are life changers they are good new to current and Free. I feel you can't loose on this one, you may even find a new artist you enjoy. The best things in life are free and that makes this sampler pure enjoyment
It was free, I got it, and I it turns out I like it. Love it when it works out like that!
I didn't know most of the artists and got it knowing that there was a She & Him on it. I thoroughly enjoyed the sampler; however, I didn't love it simply due to it being a sampler I wouldn't to listening constantly. I definitely recommend it.
I knew this was a keeper when I saw Beck and Radar Bros.  Like this freebie sampler!Thanks!
Pretty good stuff right here, overall pretty mellow, great for relaxing to in my opinion. The production value is not perfect, as it becomes evident in many of the songs, but that's kind of the beauty of this album. Reminds me of older Taking Back Sunday, great for fans of stuff like Pierce The Veil or Sleeping With Sirens. My favorite is the final track, We Partied Hard With Andrew W.K., but there is much to like about this album.
The sophomore album by the Indelicates is another lovely listen.  It ranges musically from hard rock to something I'd call Celtic Folk, with delightful piano and guitar work.  As always the lyrics are clever and hard.This is music for people with brains and a liking for punk sounds without punk's love of nihilism.It is a bit less polished than American Demo, but at the same time more genuine. This feels more like the kind of music they want to be making.
If you like to be into the latest trend, then you might as well do us both a favour and go off now. Iron Maiden has effectively  been playing the same style since 1979 and they generally don't get slagged off in their reviews. Unlike other reviewers I'm not about to rip Stairway apart for playing classic NWOBHM metal.The UK band's debut 'No Rest : No Mercy' (1983) was produced by Paul Hodson (Hard Rain / Bob Catley) This was followed by `Bleeding Heart' (1999), 'On Hallowed Ground' (2002). Then interest in debut album began to take off and Stairway signed a deal with Retroactive Records to re-release the 'No Rest: No Mercy' album. Gigs to follow this up took place in 2005, followed by an incredible gig appearance in October 2005 at Metalfest Germany where they co-headlined with Rob Rock (USA) and Narnia (Sweden). Stairway secured slots co-headlining with Blaze Bayley (2005) and Blitzkrieg (2006) at UK festivals and released their 4th album 'The Other Side of Midnight' (2006) to rave reviews. It saw its debut Chart entry at #2 in the USA's National College Chart, and received two Nominations for Best Album and Best Group in the NMW Awards in Hollywood USA.Bringing us up to date is `Interregnum' which is released in April 2010. Reflecting the fact that this is classic eighties metal, the artwork is by Rodney Matthews who has done many of the album covers for Magnum The band comprises Graeme Leslie (lead vocals & bass), Pete Jennens (lead guitar) and Andy Edwards (drums). The album is very faith orientated in a time when Christianity seems to be under attack by political correctness. With `The Suffering Servant' being about Jesus' final night and what was to follow in `The Shadow Of The Cross'.One of my favourites is `Born To Die' with a long atmospheric start before upping tempo and riffage ensues "Born to die - yet saved to live/ Do not cry - the Saviour gives/ Born to die - yet saved to live/ Do not cry/ Hear Him calling - so surrender/ No more lonely nights for evermore".Then that galloping rhythm used by Maiden rears its head in `Ride The Wind'. Another stomper is `Enter The Light' with its apocalyptic visions that ties in nicely with the cover artwork. With a clear proclamation of faith in `The Battle's Over' is "The final war is won/  He holds the keys of Heaven/ Adorned, the wedding feast/ Is clothed in Truth Eternal/ I see the changing tide/ I see new life emerging/ I feel the breath of God/ Is come with Life Eternal".Proving that heavy metal doesn't come with an age barrier AND it isn't a passing phase, I hope that Stairway will continue to live life loud.
No this doesn't sound like their first records, nor does it really even sound like Third, but its still Portishead, and its still good.
This "album" with two songs - yes one is 17+ min - is seven dollars? Why? Well, obviously, I bought it. Yes it is good; but seven dollars for an instrumental song and then a very long basically experimental jam out? I like BHP but this is overpriced. The 17 min song is good - reminds me a little of Destroying the city of hearts also by BHP if you have heard that song except it is longer and Pall sings and whispers behind the music.The song is good yes but again it just seems overpriced.....
I thought "Invasion USA" was one of the Riverdales finest moments.  Ben and Vapid really put some hard work into writing some great songs, and I was pleased that they were also putting some more effort into the music and not just hanging all these songs on the same couple of chord progressions as the first two Riverdales albums, actually coming up with some really catchy Ramones inspired riffs.When I heard ANOTHER Riverdales album was coming out so soon again and saw that all the songtitles were again taken from Mystery Science Theater 3000, I assumed this was the other batch of songs they had written when they did "Invasion USA" since Ben had said in an interview that they wrote enough songs for two albums but wasn't sure if "Invasion USA" would sell enough to fund the making of the second album.So after taking all that into consideration, my guess was that "Tarantula" was gonna be those extra songs, and that it probably wasn't going to be as good as "Invasion USA" due to the fact that they probably picked the very best of the bunch for that album, and this was all the leftovers.More or less, I was right, "Tarantula" isn't QUITE as good as "Invasion" HOWEVER it still is rather good, and any fans of the Riverdales or anything else these guys are involved in (Screeching Weasel, the Methadones, etc) will find plenty to like here.  Most of the songs are very good, only one ("Girls Town") is lousy.The main difference between this and the other Riverdales CDs is that they frontloaded the album with the speedy punkers and put the mid-tempo throwback pop on the last half.  So it feels a bit different than "Invasion" because of that.Other than that, its the same Riverdales you know and love, with Vapid's songs again edging out Ben's as most memorable.  He's really an excellent songwriter, anyone who liked his work on "Invasion USA" will love his songs on here, "Crash of the Moons," "Time Chaser," "The Beginning Of The End," and "Diabolik" easily rank up there with the best of his work.All in all a very good CD, and a welcome addition to the Weasel/Vapid corner of the pop-punk landscape.  You'd do well to check it out.
They calmed down their sound drastically, and started whining a lot. It almost sounds like they started listening to someone else tell them what to sound like. This album doesn't quite bring the same boppin punch that And Girls Club did, and turning it down a notch to a mellower folky side seems to be what they were trying to do. However, overall this album rocks, and there are definitely still some awesome extremely catchy tracks with that special sound that will make you want to jump through the roof.
Adventure Galley is a band that is poised to explode on the alt rock/indie scene.  Having just won the Toyota Rock the Space 2 contest on MySpace, this Eugene, Oregon-based group has it all....original music, solid musicianship, and infectious sounds.  Do yourself a favor and get your hands on this.  It gets under your skin and finds a permanent niche in your brain.  My favorite track, and the one that aced the competition, is "Addict".  "Knife in the Sail" is another solid winner.Flip Soft Pouch for Flip Ultra and Mino Camcorders (Grey)
What can I say about the Malarians, one of the most rockin bands to come out of the 80's music scene in Northampton MA area. They had it all going for them - hot, fast, with great lyrics and a fuzzy style all their own. RIP Kent.
Overall, this album is pretty solid. Extremely aggressive, fast-paced, grating electronic beats. It's great for getting amped up. I get physically worn out from listening to it for too long though. This stuff is tense. It also gets stale when you listen to it too often because there isn't much depth to the music (it is basically just the hardest techno out there). Fortunately, X-RX is still pumping out new material.
If SAM could have managed to contain their live performance / sound on this album it would be 30stars but Brainwasher tends to feel repetitive at times and I can't imagine it having a huge amount of replay value. That said you have several crushing dance tracks that can't be denied here, and again supporting them and their stage show is worth it!
If you enjoy bands like The Velvet Underground, and mid 60's Dylan, you should enjoy this single. While rough around the edges, it just screams to be heard.
Just cool guys, living their lives, so confident in their masculinity that they can make a video of them making a pie with aprons on, now that is what a real man is,,,,the music totally makes me feel like i am up way too late  watching up all night with Rhonda or something similar, this band went far individually, just not together,,,,too bad for me,,,i like this slice of quirkiness  :)
I checked these guys out a while back, and really I like this album, it's fun. They have a unique blend of Garage Rock, Power Pop and some Post-Punk and New Wave elements. The songs are varied in style and subjects, from Road Rage to Mexican wrestling; I especially like "Dark Cloud", and "Telly", but "Blue Demon" is pure fun ("Whooa,whoa--ooh! Blue Demon!!") There are a couple of good instrumental tunes as well, and little interludes with samples that tie the songs together like a soundtrack to an imaginary movie. I guess that's the idea, and why it's called "The Soundtrack."The singer's voice is different, sort like a heavy version of Ben Orr of The Cars, or Ian Curtis of Joy Division, but not so gloomy. The band is tight and punchy, and most songs are fast, loud and pretty catchy.The guitars are heavy, but have simple melodies that stick in your head. Nothing is overdone or unnecessary. The lyrics have interesting imagery ("Road Rage" is almost like beatnik poetry) and seem well thought out.It's fun, raw, and different, this is a great party record!
very few piano pieces invoke a emotional response from me. This is one of them. its sad but hopeful, and as the album progresses you can't help but feel happy.And you should be. you've just listened to one of best piano composers of this century.
This is sort of a punk polka band. The album has a couple of unusually witty songs, so I have hopes for more and even better albums. I took one star off because I perceive a few of the songs as filler. Great drummer.
The missing star is for "Destroyer," which is a track I suggest you seek out if you feel like something is missing coming from the first LP to this one (a hole almost filled by "Innocent"). Enormous hopes for the third LP which might come out this year.
From my music blog, Mystery Tricycle:What is going on here? What am I listening to? I'm hearing musical elements like jazz fusion, piano rock, and ambient pop. I'm also hearing a songwriting style that is creatively poetic and resplendently attacked. With all of the promise of indie-folk and all the audacity of progressive neo-jazz, my first exposure to The Reign of Kindo is a torrent of sublime energy.It is definitely more effective to talk about `This is What Happens` holistically. At the component level, The Reign of Kindo offers a collection of musical and lyrical elements that are superb in their own right, but their strongest skill may be their approach to assembly and blending.The quality that grabs me first about almost every track is the expansive sound schema that The Reign of Kindo has created. Piano lends itself to being a very enveloping instrument, but when mixed with a potent assortment of fusion drums and spot-on mixing/mastering, the beautiful lyrics are just gravy. Headphones are a great conduit to immersion in this album.Lyrics on the album support the complicated weaving of music, and add new layers of textured thought to an already strong set of compositions. Every lyric seems to be very thoughtful and emotive, devoid of filler and fluff. Every song is a poem layered on to a brilliant composition.This disc has been criticized as being too closely tied to TROK's first release, `Rhythm, Chord & Melody' and I can definitely seem some solid ground beneath that argument. The band's formula is a good one, and I think there is still some intrinsic value in the arrangement of sounds these guys have pulled together, but their third release will not be successful if the band doesn't learn that innovation is a dynamic process. Simply repeating the first successful equation, no matter how unique, doesn't have lasting effects in attracting new listeners.What I like the most about the disc is that it's difficult to describe with words. Qualitatively, these are some brilliant musicians, but on top of the normal metrics, there is something special about what is going on here. Sweet harmonies, creative rhythms and a truly unique approach to neo-jazz indie fusion is something that everyone with a pulse can enjoy.The Good: Creativity at its finest, the first pass through this album is an endeavor in to a strange land...The Bad: ...but once you understand the algorithm, I don't feel like there is much replay value in the disc. The curve of tepid comfort with this weird brand of jazz is pretty sharp, and you may not enjoy the second listen nearly as much.The Verdict: Certainly a good purchase, and I'm glad I did. I get tired of the terms `indie' and `indie folk' becoming interchangeable. Independent music, with a true message, innovative characteristics, and an unorthodox approach helps separate the cream from the crap.
I downloaded this as an Amazon freebie while looking for something new to listen to.  Mangan's style reminds me a bit of Neutral Milk Hotel's "In the Aeroplane Over the Sea" album, especially in Robots.  Indie Queens is hauntingly beautiful.  The third song is rather meh compared to the other two, though.  I'll look forward to seeing what else this artist has to offer!
His songs seem so effortlessly strung together, but the music is really relaxing and the words, really genuine.  I would highly recommend this album as well as many of the other songs I've read on his other albums, particularly "Post-War Blues."
Dan Mangan (isn't that just the best name ever?) has a refreshing, quirky, mellow sound that I love getting lost in. You can't go wrong with this one, if you ask me, especially with it being free.
Canadian indie singer-songwriter Dan Mangan has produced a nice little collection of folk-ish and pop-ish tunes. Although mostly forgettable, this would be a good addition to your library. The sound is roughly similar to classic singer-songwriters such as James Taylor, Carly Simon, and Jackson Browne.
It's hard to find GOOD Pagan music. Very seldom is it even at the level of poor Ethnic/Regional Folk music. This MORE than worth it!
I came across Matthew Dear's work through the DJ Koze album, which is absolutely fabulous. Expected similar weird vocals and irreverent/funny lyrics from his solo album, but that was not there - what we have is a nice album, very listenable but not exciting - I think a DJ Koze remix would be great.
Great sound, great band, I discovered them while listening to Pandora. I would recommend them to anyone who likes Irish rock bands.
This a great reworking of Sham's &#34;Hersham Boys&#34; to benefit the Millwall Community Trust and the Jimmy Mizen Foundation. Quite simply a song by a proper punk band about a proper football team. The newer version of &#34;If the Kids are United&#34; is OK, but I think there are better versions out there. I recommend this for the title track alone. &#34;No one likes us, we don't care!&#34;
BLURT Magazine named this BEST INDIE-ROCK DEBUT ALBUM in 2010. Much of the music reflects the sound of '90's bands that were on the Homestead- Dutch East India imprint then, like Dinosaur Jr. and others. Very solid album that I liked from the very first listening, though it's difficult to tell from these 30 second clips.
Catchy songs, great playing and top-notch production for an indie effort make this blend of Pantera-meets-Skynryd worth multiple listens. Check it out!
This small EP is a nice balance between the portentious "Devils Night" and gentle "In the Shadow of a Prayer" and a fine Johnny Hollow addition, although none of the tracks are amongst their best material (and if you're new to the band, I'd start with the superb and memorable "Dirty Hands" album).Devils Night is a cello-and-noise driven piece of demonic rock, anchored by a basic but effective beat.  For most bands I would probably consider this an excellent song; for Johnny Hollow, I put it at about average.3am is the club-friendly version, with a solid back beat and some omnipresent squeaking synth flourishes.  Probably my favourite of the Devils Night mixes.The No Country remix slows down the tempo, adds some fluttering guitar strums, and thins out the percussion.  It's fine but I would have been as happy just buying the other three tracks."In the Shadow of a Prayer" is easily my favourite track here, for effectively tapping into the ambiguous, melancholy emotion that's splattered all over their albums.This small, solid EP feels like a steady improvement for the band, but can't match the depth they achieve on a full length release.  Hopefully this is the herald of an upcoming album.
Sound quality was very good considering the time and equipment used to record. Was pleased all the way around. Glad to know there are still sources for purchasing this type of music.
This is a live album. So, if you're expecting studio recordings here you'll be disappointed. You have now been warned.
I bought this ep because I buy pretty much everything Sufjan Stevens does - I always find him brilliant, sometimes moving, sometimes (rarely) boring. This is a mixture that I find in all his stuff, and All Delighted People is no exception. The title track is incredible in both its versions, a mixture of pretty much everything you can do in folk, pop and rock. 'Heirloom' and 'Enchanting Ghost' are quiet and moving. Other things, though, are a bit overdone - see the final track. But on the whole, I still find everything by Stevens worth having.
Sufjan Stevens is one of those few artists who can truly stun you with just how passionate and talented he is. Need an example? Take the shimmering, enchantingly lovely "All Delighted People EP," which is actually longer than many full-length albums -- colorful folk pop, warbly vocals, and a strong religious slant."Tomorrow you'll see it through/The clouded out disguises put you in the room," Stevens sings mournfully in "All Delighted People (original)," which drifts between soft, bittersweet folk-rock and an epic song of soaring angelic choirs and sweeping strings.As if the music wasn't good enough, Stevens sings of overcoming inner fear, doubt and hypocrisy ("I tried my best I tried in vain/Oh! But the world is a mess! Oh! But the world is a mess!"). There's also  a brass-soaked "classic-rock" version of the title track, which sounds far more cheerful despite having the same lyrics.I think my brain would explode if the entire album was like that, so fortunately the next songs are less intense. Instead, Stevens relies on soft piano-led melodies, earthy guitar folk, twinkly soaring little ballads (from the POV of God?), and murky experimental ballads. And it ends with "Djohariah," a seventeen-minute rock epic of squiggling synth,  trumpets and melancholy guitar."All Delighted People" is an almost perfect example of what Sufjan Stevens can do. Without losing sight of his classic sound (the classic rock "All Delighted People" made me flash back to his first album), Stevens manages to expand his sound to include some new, spellbinding musical journeys. The first song is a trip all on its own!In fact, there's only one song that didn't blow me away: "The Owl and the Tanager," which isn't bad so much as kind of... musically slow.His music centers mostly on folk-rock rhythms, with lots of acoustic guitar and piano. But many of the melodies are dressed up with colorful sonic garlands -- plucked harp, violins, flittering/squiggling synth, and blasts of brass. And there are those crystalline vocals that soar up in "All Delighted People (original)" and "From The Mouth of Gabriel," as if he's getting some angelic backing.Speaking of which, Stevens inserts gentle Christian undercurrents into a few of the songs -- not the "rah rah Jesus is awesome!" type, but haunting explorations of sorrow, fear and humanity. The rest of the EP is about love -- rejected love, shattered love , lost love ("And if it grieves you to stay here, just go... For I have no spell on you, it's all a ghost"), and love for someone who has been betrayed.The "All Delighted People EP" is not only longer than most full-length albums, but it's a layered, exquisite little collection of songs that deserves repeated listens. All delighted people, raise your hands.
Not as mellow as past albums and I wish this were another "state" album but still solid.  A bit fuller and more produced, should open Sufjan's audience a bit.  Worth checking out if you like his past material or are discovering for the first time.
I am a Sufjan Stevens addict and this album did not disappoint me. Just for Djohariah, the 17 min-long piece of electric riffs and soul singing, it is worth buying the album. The only reason I did not put a 5 star is the 1st version of "all delighted people" that is over-orchestrated and gets on my nerve; the quiet version is much better. A great album.
For those struggling with multifarious bleeps, electronica and 25 minute mini symphonies which comprise the new and amazing Sufjan Stevens "The Age of Adz" turning the clock back a couple of months might provide some solace. "All delighted people" was released in August 2010 and hit number 27 in the American charts which is remarkable for an EP which is actually a "front" for a full album. It clocks in at well over an hour and was probably intended as some sort of overture before the main opera that is "Adz". Yet as always when it comes to this wunderkid of modern American music from Detroit, Michigan appearances can be deceiving. This is by any standards a lovely piece of music with songs that have more traditional structures and possibly more melody than "Adz" (although not the sheer level of outright originality). In one sense it does have the same sort of feel as the eclecticism of "Avalanches" Stevens's album of outtakes and extras from the Illinois album and like that album there are some tracks which are slightly "wayward", but largely in a good way.There is certainly no coherent vision to or concept to be found here. The two long versions of the title track present are acoustic and electric versions which together last well over twenty minutes and with a feel that suggest Stevens is developing "prog" leanings and lyrics which play with Simon & Garfunkel's "The Sound of Silence". The last track "Djohariah" (dedicated to his sister) is described by Stevens as essentially "a 17-minute guitar jam-for-single-mothers" which on occasions rages like the return of Frank Zappa with a slightly distorted guitar and a choir singing a constant refrain of the subjects name.While all these long bookend tracks are fascinating it is "the meat in the sandwich" that should draw your attention. The stellar highlight is "the Owl and the Tanager" (previously called "Barn owl, night killer") which is a heartbreaking Stevens melody combined with the sparest piano/harp and lyrical references to devil birds, death and diamonds in the rage. It's all very enigmatic, strange, child like and glacially beautiful and one of his best songs ever. There are other songs here that can be traced back to earlier work particularly the feast of banjo led melancholy on the wonderful "Seven Swans". Thus, "Arnika", "Heirloom" and the truly brilliant "From the mouth of Gabriel" will have the ring of familiarity to fans of the wintry acoustic songs of Stevens's earlier work. Finally "Enchanting ghost" is a jazzy acoustic lament which could have happily appeared on one of his "Two state" albums.NME has described "All Delighted people" as painfully celestial balladeering self-indulgence and it is true that in parts its lacks focus and direction (it would be a shock if it was coherent!). Similarly the absence of "Majesty Snowbird" a song he has performed live which redefines the word "epic" is to be regretted. But on considered judgement let us tell the muso's at NME to politely take a hike since "All delighted people" will be welcomed by all Asthmatic Kitty Aficionados as yet another intriguing addition to the canon of the most original musician currently picking up a guitar, playing a piano or plucking a banjo on terra firma.
great EP.  sufjan perfectly balances the delicate with the dark, the old and the new.  "Heirloom" is absolutely gorgeous.
If you know Sufjan Stevens, you already know he's one of the most important artists to come along in decades, so let's skip all of the adulation and cut to the chase.We're going to have to get used to something about our beloved Sufjan. That is, he's experimenting with a new kind of "minimalism," I suppose, which is for the most part limited on this album to the last track. With that track, SS asks us to patiently sit through SEVENTEEN minutes of mostly the same 4 chords, and mostly the same lyric. Yes, everthing around those 4 chords changes quite consistently, but in the end it's too little pay off for the insane-asylum-inducing repetition. Previously I compared him to Philip Glass, and I suppose "Djoharia" is a case in point. But while I thought I "got" Einstein on the Beach, I'm not sure I "get" Stevens' new direction.Maybe in 10 years I'll look back at this review, embarrased because the emporer really DID have clothes after all. Time will tell.
Having heard the artist play in Philly and hearing about the album thru friends, I decided to pick it up.  He's not Tom Petty but maybe he will be in 40 years.
I liked it.  Regarding another reviewer's comments about it 'going discordant' - I heard some chords that are of the type that require resolution, but that are not specifically discords - more like complex chords that are seldom used in more 'popular' music, but are used in classical.  There were also some brief key changes.  I thought these different keys and chords were used very well to express what the song is about - a potential 'discord' within a relationship - and were quickly and satisfactorily resolved.  The harmonies and musical inventiveness were very well done, in my opinion, and therefore interesting.  The vast majority of the song sticks to the main major key, with good harmony.  For the somewhat musically adventurous, looking for something musical and understandable, but beyond easy pop.  And yes, has a 60's retro feel, I agree.
As we prepare for the 2011 release of a 2nd full-length Telekinesis "album," reportedly titled 12 Desperate Straight Lines, let's go back and enjoy their/his most recent release, 2010's 'P.S.C.' EP.  Made up of five quick-tempo songs that just fly by - the whole EP is only ten minutes long, with the longest song clocking in at 2:53 - Parallel Seismic Conspiracies is a nice, fun little diversion.  Telekinesis leader Mike Lerner shows strong "classic indie" influences such as GBV and Big Star throughout this set, but the songs still achieve enough of a unique character to stand on their own.  Part of it is Lerner's winning vocal style, a bit like a more confident and together Conor Oberst, as illustrated on a song like  on "Calling All Doctors," which also has a real catchy guitar & bass thru-line. As for the "post-punk" element, check out "The Drawback," P.S.C's final tune, which crackles with the kind of energy that early Who songs had.
There was several good songs I liked on this sampler. The ones I liked were-The Future, Choke, Life Design, We Got Tonight(Say It Again), Get Melted!,Hologram, Dead End Driving, and Right Here. It had an interesting array of songs on it, so I'd say it's worth getting.
I've downloaded quite a few samplers over the last couple of weeks, and none of them compares to the quality and variety of the mix on this one. Even the songs I don't like are fairly well done. There is every influence imaginable in this compilation: Rock, pop, rap/hip hop, reggae, alternative rock, new age, and country.Even if you find only a handful you like, you can't beat the price.  I found about 10 songs to use in my playlists.  That's pretty good for a 'generic' sampler.Recommended.
This sampler has some really good songs, and even the ones that don't quite make it are very listenable. Solid 4-star review for this one. My favorite track is "This Love Of Ours", which has a delightfully catchy rhythm and hook. Well done.
I am beginning to think there are 2 types of music listener. The ones who expect something special every time they listen to a new artist, album or record company sampler.Then there are the ones in awe of everything that makes it to cd, music sampler or local bar. Excluding live music because it exists in a different world, the people who love everything recorded because it's new need to listen to everything twice.This huge 26 track free mp3 download sampler from Tunecore who after I Wiki'ed them discovered are not an old style record company but a recently formed (2005) facilitator who place artists music in situations or locations to be heard. Such as Amazon.com, iTunes, Zune, Rhapsody etc.My previous experience led me to suspect smaller numbers of tracks on free Samplers led to better quality product, this collection would benefit by being split into different genre samplers.The collection does not contain any poor fillers or deteriorate as you get to the later tracks, it does have music I don't like but it's not bad. This is a great free sampler, good outweighs bad by a long way.The first 7 tracks are well produced mellow alternative. (Windows Media player codes the entire sampler as Alternative Rock-it's not all Rock by any means).Track 8 is Colt Ford featuring Sunny Ledford who together make a pseudo-rap country song. Yes really.Track 9 Reggae never claimed it was anything other than simple music singing about romance, politics and life. Jah Is Real is repetitive. Guess which 3 words they repeat.Turnstylz featuring Sciryl ain't Reggae but is very repetitive.Track 11 is the 2nd track of what I call Rap Over a Backing Track this time by Black Sheep. Plenty of swear words so you know they have street cred. If only they had imagination and variety.Track 12 more rap, noise and the F word.Choke is track 13 and tastes like a glass of fresh beer after the previous 3 tracks. This is Alternative Rock done right with some metal screaming vocal near the end for good measure. Sorry about the band's name.The Parlotones play with energy, sound great, and feature a vocalist with his own sound, good song.Tracks 15 through 19 are good and great Alternative Rock songs.Track 20 and 21, girl vocalists with good sounds although The Spring Standards are a little too up beat for me.Ron Pope playing echoes of Michael Haaga's solo stuff which is not at all bad.Greg Holden has a voice and a pretty good song.Track 26 appears to have added to the sampler by mistake. It is the only dance/electronic track and kinda ruined the sampler ending with Greg Holden, which would have been neat. Carmen Reece sounds like every other girl singer over an DJ beat. Not a bad track actually.If you read this far I am sure you have downloaded the sampler by now. If not do it now. This over long, too many tracks, pretty good mixture of music should be on your massive hard drive.
Future Idiots, who hail from Sweden, stood up a solid list of cover songs. Their sound reminds me of a punk rock garage band, except a little more refined. Now, of course they're doing better than that; they made it into a studio and are enjoying success in Europe. And now I've heard their stuff in the U.S. One of the band's biggest influences is Blink 182, and it often shows throughout their music.The issue I take with most modern pop music is that it is simply not my style. The preponderance of synthesizers, the use and abuse of auto-tune, etc., have me longing for groups who play their own instruments and produce rock music. Successful, mainstream pop music leaves me wondering, "there are so many other people enjoy that music, why can't/why don't I?" I then find the primary advantage to this album is that it takes these pop songs I normally don't care for and turns them around. Future Idiots adds in the rock element that I crave, remakes the song, and finally lets me appreciate music I otherwise wouldn't understand. This revamping of pop music also separates well-written lyrics of some artists from the more brainless, repetitive verse from others.The album is all cover songs, and there's nothing particularly earth-shattering about that; I knew what to expect. But Future Idiots did a great job giving us their versions of these songs. This is their first all-covers album; if you're interested, check out Grand Theft Audio 2 from Future Idiots.
La plebe is one of my favorite bands, period. They have a great sound, mixing loud guitars with a horn section. I rated it 4 stars because in my opinion it wasn't as GREAT at Hasta La Muerte. But still worth checking out. Plebe por vida.