WOW, WOW, WOW. WOW, WOW. Endlessly fascinating, endlessly awesome. Anything this creative will get five stars in my book any day - ANY DAY! The best songs on here, like Pinback and Systems Officer, are ALL the songs. The world has waited thirty plus years for creativity to come back into the music and here it is in Optigannaly Yours and Rob and Zachs other bands. . . in a word or two, F IN awesome and, if you cant appreciate it well, theres always the radio for you.
I love this disc!  It reminds me of Pele and Pell Mell, but with a bit more urgency.  My only complaint is that I could not purchase the disc directly from the G7 Welcoming Committee website.
Just stumbled across this band while checking out some Julie Doiron.And I like it.Its very refreshing.When your sick of everything else.Indie/Alternative is the way to go.Thanks guys.
This album is a healthy serving of sleaze.  Their debut disc, "One Night High" is also great.  If you like the Dwarves or Turbonegro, you'd probably spin this one enough to merit buying it,
I have this CD and I find myself playing it all the time!  The only thing I like doing more than listening to this CD is going to see this Band "LIVE"!!!
I have fallen in love with Johnette's voice like so many other fortunate souls. this collection of songs is very dark and gorgeous. "new orleans..." is such a beautiful song and showcases her voice and songwriting.i have all three sketchbook albums, and they are all worth listening to.
two fat folders with the state labeled with my name.one is meand one is notbut both read the same.
I found this band/album when I heard "Take the Leaves" on a Pandora station and instantly fell in love. The entire album is great, I highly recommend it.
For an album that was recorded on a budget of $500, You Can't Break the Strings in Our Olympic Hearts is a remarkable celebration of the indie-scene, a glorification of a new musical attitude and Toronto's place as a hotbed of DIY culture. With its guitar-driven hooks, droning organs and Pete Carmichael's yearning vocals, this is an album of dynamic indie-rock gems, inspiring anthems for Torontopia with a rousing and defiant spirit. As Carmichael belts out in Tropical Pets: "You've got to bust out / When the energy is gone / There is people to be won over". That sense of urgency sums-up the entire album: a passionate battle-cry declaring that this city's music scene is as exciting as ever.
I heard about this band far too late. They have awesome music and Kill The Messenger is a superb cd.
I got this cd in the mail yesterday and have already listened to it six times.  It's like a more raw, grittier Los Straitjackets sound.  I can't recommend this enough.  If you like Los Straitjackets, you'll like this.
Brutally cool, and as satisfying as ANY surf guitar record I've ever heard, this issue from Eddie Angel is an absolute must - it's nothing less than masterful, and I defy you to find a cooler record anywhere. I mean it.
I heard POJ by chance at a venue in London and their songs have yet to leave my head...so I was all too happy to find their CD on Amazon!  This album takes you on a bit of a journey, from the first track you feel like you are being brought into the dreams and adventures of the band - with infectious songs like Stay in Bed, Bulldog and Slow Coach taking you along for the ride.  The pace of the journey quickens and you can feel the band's adrenaline in Hungary Ghost, and then brings you blissfully back to earth with the smooth and very dreamy I Won't Show.This band is one of those finds you will feel proud to have discovered and excited to introduce to your friends!!! The sexy vocals and catchy rifts will not leave your head, so it's easier just to give-in.
I bought this MP3 because I have several John Stowell CD's and DVD's. If you have never heard John play it is a absolute must to purchase. This one White Men Can't Monkis with the Chuck Maronhic Trio. The trio is a very good jazz ensemble. This music  is live and I have made it as part of my must listen rotation.
If you are into Ska and Reggae you will really appreciate and enjoy this CD. This band play the full spectrum of this style of music from early Skatalites to British two tone and American third wave. Great Jamaican style chatting and strong tight horn section. The Rudie Crew with have you Skanking in an instant.
I can't believe I had never heard of this guy (I am a guitar player). He can play amazing guitar, although this album is full on band oriented. The song &#34;Real&#34; reminded me of early RHCP. It seems most great instrumental rock guitarists songs that are singer oriented are not really that great: Vai or Satriani for example. But these are really good songs. At least he doesn't wear a bucket on his head.
I sold my vinyl of this about a decade ago assuming that it would be something I could find on CD.  Thank God I found it.  It isn't as brilliant as the early EPs, but it is amazing.
I can definitely tell when listening to this album that it may not be for everyone -- but I fell in love with all the songs in this album. The mixes keep me interested and on my feet, I just never get bored listening to it. Now I listen to the album whenever I'm working on something while listening to it and it just helps me keep focus on the task at hand.
This is one of my favorite albums. If you like synth-pop from the late 80s-early 90s, then I would highly recommend this album.  They sound like OMD and erasure but more upbeat and with more emotion. In my opinion, the electronic beats vary more than other bands in this genre. That variety as well as the emotion in their songs set Anything Box above the crowd.
Their 1st and this 2nd album are their best production.  I'm not sure if they are still touring . Last I saw them was about 5 years ago
This is very good music to relax or fall asleep to. The album is definitely the best one this band made.
Having played drums on this record, I can honestly say that it is probably the best CD ever recorded by humans.  We spent over 15 years writing and perfecting each and every song.Little known fact:  Amy Marino is actually a pro white-supremacy anthem.If you don't buy this CD, you will definitely die.  Probably in the next 15 minutes.
This is a great album. Any album by Pokett will be a good one. It is slow and calm but great deep music.
These guys rock hard!  Also available on iTunes.  Great little known band.  Buy this and their other stuff while you can.
This is a great short cd.  There's just a lot of energy behind the songs and they seem like a really tight band.  Unfortunately, this is the only cd I have been able to find by these guys and its sort of old.  So maybe they've broken up.  But if you like catchy riffy goodness this is for you.  The frantic lead singer is a great fit with the style that the rest of the band plays.  Really wish these guys would make more music.
It's been very difficult to find this classic album. Paul Robb, formerly (and again) of Information Society, did (in my opinion) his best work under the name Think Tank.
The music on this CD stands the test of time.  It was excellent in 1996 and just as good today.  I especially like Mr. Robb's redux of A Knife and a Fork; a track initially recorded under the Think Tank moniker before appearing on the Information Society album &#34;Hack&#34;.
This is a fun CD and came quickly and was in great condition, I would order from this seller again.
Just bought this today, love all the songs I've heard thus far.  I will be purchasing more in the near future
So i bought this thing assuming al would be spending a lot of time talking abouta.  the greatness of the raiduhsb.  the other teams quarterback must go down, and he must go down hardc.  cool track suitsunfortunately none of that was covered
I only found out about this band when they came up on my Pandora playlist based on other music I liked.  And holy $#!^ do I love them so.  Particularly the fun &#34;By the Way I'm Not Your Girl!&#34; that I enjoy singing along with in the car even though I have no lady parts.  Their lead singer is the most rocking woman I've ever heard in ska music.The downside?  They've been broken up for a few years now, so I'll never hear a brand new Barrymores album.  Like they say though; don't cry because it's over, smile because it happened.  Highly recommended for lovers of ska music.
If you like Reel big fish, Big D and the Kids Table, Hub City Stompers, Dance Hall Crashers or any other high energy rock with horns style ska this is right up your ally. Only downfall is this is likely the last album like this we will ever have since the band stopped playing in early 2007 after the death of their drummer. The follow up album New Invasion is toned down and not as much fun, I believe. This is a one of a kind album you will rock to over and over.
The Barrymores are now defunct, but their music lives on, if only in downloadable form.  I only discovered them through Pandora, and boy am I glad I did.  Love the female vocalist!  Remind me of all my favorites: Save Ferris, Reel Big Fish, Mad Caddies, and of course the Toasters.  I know the band lost a member, but sure wish they would come back.
A powerful record that is recorded wonderfully and has a strong, innovative use of lyric and composition.  One of the most underrated albums ever made.
I am very excited that I purchased this album! Every song on it is great. I love love love it!
This is a must have for any fan of classic Ska, I listen to this recording often and it hasn't gotten old.
"Fifteen songs from the rising stars of the melodic hardcore underground, the best are represented on Emo Is Awesome / Emo Is Evil. Intelligent, poetic noise that comes from the anger and energy of punk rock. You feel the drums and banshee guitars kicking out in adrenalin overdrive. Deep Elm has reason to be proud of its commitment to this genre because the strain they offer is a purer, more virulent, more dangerous strain than any of the other slow clowns being labeled emo." - Culture Bunker"It's a wonder why anyone else bothers with compilations when Deep Elm are the masters of the mix tape. There's certainly nothing to complain about on Emo Is Awesome / Emo Is Evil. Powerful energy fueled by beaten guitars and pure rock fury. For yet another stunner of a compilation, look no further..." - Rock Sound
Comparisons to the Go-Gos are inevitable, and it's not too far off...really super catchy pop-punk that would appeal to "real" punk fans as well as the hordes of teenybopper pop-punk girls. The 3 originals sound like The GoGos sped up with more energy, catchy hooks, and tight musicianship.  The Nena cover is a good choice, the band does it justice and Sheila's vocals deliver the goods. This is a great band to check out, especially if you're into bands like Fabulous Disaster, The Excessories, Halo Friendlies, Go Betty Go etc.
This is a trip!  A audio recording of a historical tour of one of America's most haunted places, and strange stuff happens to the crew along the way!  I was in the dark, lights off, and creeped out the whole time!  Well worth it!
Tom Hess Review:I got this Hess CD many years ago and it has great virtuoso guitar playing from both Hess and Mike Walsh. However, I titled this "Tom Hess Review" because Tom really steals the show with his phrasing and vibrato. This is a classic instrumental guitar album, and I would recommend it to anyone who is a fan of shred guitar music or electric guitar in general.
One of my most often played cds, it is pure rock from beginning to end.
I have to say this is really the best record I've ever heard! Recently, that is... I mean maybe it's not as good as Led Zeppelin IV, or Never Mind The Bollocks, but right up there with them! If you like really GOOD music, don't hesitate to get this! Really! TOTALL!
Met Vince thru MySpace and he told me about his group, Bear Colony. I took a listen to the songs on his page and was hooked. The music is accessible, its touching, its very well done. I am hooked on I'm Not Brave which i listen to over and over again. It is haunting and soothing all at the same time.  I think big things will come from this group. I look forward to following them for years to come!!!!
.... as opposed to all the compilations. Recorded in '78, this one has very little filler. Just great pop songs, interspersed with the occasional odd bit ("a bat in my fan" ... a spaghetti commercial Stevie recorded when he was seven ...). Great sound, too, no up-and-down recording quality. He really worked on this one, you can tell. I've had this for like seventeen years and I never sicken of it.Be gettin' it.
Soothing, sexy, this album is great for just chillin with a cup of tea or even for your workout.  Would love to see what she does next!  You're Too Pretty is definitely my favorite!  I highly recommend getting this album.
I heard the first track Segue on the radiothreesixty podcast and thought I would check out the album at amazon. The mix of jazzy influcenes coupled with Ms. Johnston ethereal vocal stylings create a beautiful, relaxed sound.
di johnston's voice is so sexy and the music is really soothing and chill. great for a romantic date or for just throwing on your ipod and walking around the city. sugar daddy is my favorite song on here!
I have several of Jason Sloans CD's purchased directly from his website.  All of his stuff is very, very good.  I enjoy listening to his recordings while I'm writing.  The sounds he creates are emotion and thought provoking. One of my favorite ambient artists.
Saw them at the Norva, bought their EP the same night and listen to it regularly to this day .. A lot of potential once again gone by the wayside.
love it. one of the more under rated and overlooked releases from the dwarves catalog. i owned this a long time ago. stoked to find it again.
This disc is far too massive for words.  In fact, the previous words don't even count.  Neither do these.  Or these.  Etc.
One of the best albums ever.
I saw F.I.L.T.H.E.E. Immigrants back in the psychopathic all-stars concert and they tore it up and ever since then they have been one of the best groups I listen too. One of the best albums I've ever heard. A must buy for people who love rap.
They guys are truly awesome love all their songs my personal favorite is bowl for 2 can't go wrong with that song
This is by far my favorite album that The Expendables have produced. It mixes reggae and punk rock seamlessly. 10/10. Great album.
Very good music, easy to listen to, excellent lyrics.  These guys can rock and play super mellow.  So far these guys are my favorite band in this genre, I really never feel like they are trying to sound like someone else.  Sounds are very catchy and thoughtful.  Very highly recommended.  First bought Open Container then this album, this one takes first so far.
These guys are great.  I bought it with the impression of a subtle feel.  Was I wrong.  They are all over the place.From punk to reggae.  Love it.  Keeps you guessing will listening.
Great album. The change in the "scenery" from song to song is great. Uses different realms of music. Give it a listen even if not a fan of this style music.
I completely agree with the other reviewer. Ever since hearing my first couple Halou songs on Pandora a few months ago, this band and related bands have continued and continued to grow on me. I cannot express how much I love their music. I may not connect with -every- song they've ever made (they've made a lot), but the vast majority of them just blow me away. The songs become better over time. I strongly urge anybody interested in trip hop/dream pop/electronica/shoegazing/music in general to pick up this album. Then do yourself a favor and get everything that has the Halou, Stripmall Architecture, Invisible Ballet, R/R Coseboom, Anymore, or whatever other names they might have used on it. Inu is pretty sweet too, although I do miss Rebecca's vocals. Still, the music is great. Anyway, buy the music. Wikipedia the bands so you can find all of their releases. Love them. I sure do.(also, I don't really do reviews on stuff, but Halou is so awesome that I couldn't resist)
Tandem by the Simpletons is a classic by a band that never really gained the recognition they deserved. The fact that I am the first person to do a review probably speaks volumes. Anyway back to the songs...they are all great Australian rock with an almost folksy feel about them. "Bullets" is the best known track from this CD, although I rate Staying Still , F and Catch Hymn as the highlights.The lyrics are all very socio-political in a way and touch on such topics from homelessness to horse-racing. I am essentially a big punk fan, however I think this is a good bunch of crosssover tracks that aren't too heavy but are full of nice guitare riffs and lyrics. Unfortunately, there is not a massive back catalog to the Simpletons, but I would encourage anyone who has stumbled across this album to download and add it to your play-lists....you won't be disappointed.
Fantastic, but don't buy MP3s only, because you won't get the 144-page full-color, hardcover book . . .  get it from Amazon.com, with the book... ! ! !
A fairly thorough collection of The Ethiopians' music, covering the rocksteady era and the unmistakable "chugging" sound of skinhead reggae.  This underrated Jamaican vocal group masterfully evolved through these early reggae styles, with Leonard Dillon's lyrics representing roots culture before Rasta roots came to dominate popular music in early 1970s Jamaica.  Highlights include "Pirate," "Reggae Hit the Town," "No Baptism," "Hong Kong Flu," "The Selah," "Israel Want to Be Free," and "Everything Crash."  Highly recommended for any reggae fan.
when i bought it, i immediately fell in love, and i still love and listen to this c.d. today. i can't wait for their next one.
In my opinion not as good as SATBOTRBVAA but if you enjoy La Dispute its a necessity in your music collection
Killer songs.  Great energy.  Wish I could have seen them live when they were around.  David Bucci is a rock and roll genius!
This has been one of my favorite albums since it first came out. I saw this band live a couple of times in '99-'00 and found them phenomenal. I am so happy to be able to get another copy in mp3 version, since I lost the CD a while back.
Great songs, recorded so well, mixed so well, and all compiled with tons O love!One of the best records to come out of Chicago in my lifetime. I don't know what else to say.
After looking at a few people's lists of favorite albums, it's become apparent that everyone's top album isn't a well-known classic but something quirky and personal. That's what The Technology is for me; 17 songs with a ton of variety and still good coherence. Weird synth noises, strange vocals and lyrics and some well-planned rocking out appear throughout the album. Some of the songs have a Police sound, others a new wave feel. There's definitely an 80s vibe, but unlike some releases from this era, The Technology isn't a novelty. Rather, it's an album that keeps getting better with every listen. Just check out the samples of Motion in Progress and The Stare. If you're intrigued by these download the album and enjoy. But don't waste money downloading single tracks. While a lot of the songs are good on their own, this album was made to be listened to straight through. And several of the songs don't just flow into each other but are themselves a sort of transition.
Want to feel like Abby from NCIS when you work? And who doesn't? This does the job--keeps me going, focused, AND feeling like a rockstar. And the music is so good that this album repeated 4 times before I realized it.
Awesome!  I love these guys, whether I get to see them live or I'm just playing their CD in my car or I'm at work and plugged into my mp3 player.  Their songs give me energy and more often than not get me through the day.  If you're looking for something easy on the ears and a band that's just as amazing in a live show, then give these guys a listen!
This is an amazing debut by a band that has a very bright future ahead of them.  I would compare them to a little bit of Killers crossed with some U2 (guitar riffs).  The song "Hell of a Place" is worth the price of the cd alone.  If you are into the New Wave Genre with some classic U2, grab this cd.  And by all means, if you can see these guys live, do yourself a favor and go....  Perhaps one of the best live performances from an Indie band I've ever seen.  These guys have heart!
Any and all of the 7 Shot Screamers albums are easily worth their price! Truly an amazing group with a wide range of album sounds.
maybe a word here and there. I think it's sort of funny-sounding when it's being spoken actually, but it sounds less harsh and quite nice when it's in a pop song. Sibiria are good singers and good melodists (that's sort of a real word?) and they make it sound very pretty. The members' voices gel very well together when they sing in chorus, and they can carry a tune like nobody's business. Some of the stuff on here is poppier and some is more ballad-like. It's really excellent stuff to listen to at work or when you're painting/drawing. I would also recommend checking out another Swede-band, Vapnet.
Simply put, this album is great.  They are a great band with a great live show. This album has so much potential as does the band.  They play a lot of shows in the LA area and they are not to be missed
if you like a girl singer with a soft beautiful voice, this is perfect.  great to listen to on a rainy day.  sounds kind of like gregory and the hawk.
The only reason I can see for the toy dolls not being well known is that they are very silly.  Check out some of their videos on you tube especially &#34;Nelly the Elephant&#34; and their very strange version of dueling banjos.  If you ever liked punk at all (not hardcore more of the Ramones/Sex Pistols type stuff) then you really should give this a listen and make up your own mind.
"Lost Oasis" is the second album from Psyche co-founder Stephen Huss. Containing 70 minutes of inspirational soundscaping. Like Tangerine Dream, sometimes smooth, sometimes freaky.This intergalactic trip contains among many highlights; "Intensity", "Pleasure Model", and "Conjure" with guest vocals from brother Darrin.
This album is such a hidden gem in the world. Seriously. This is what good music always promised, but this album does it with sincerity!
I love this group. I listened to their other CD for so long that I had to buy this one. It's very good if you enjoy music that's captivating when you first hear it, and that expands its layers and texture the more you listen to it. I highly recommend. Good luck to the band on continued success!
I love this band, and had been looking for this CD in stores for a few weeks. Considering they have a relatively small fan base, and this is their first official CD, it was difficult to find in stores. Ended up ordering online, and I love it. You definitely have to listen to some songs a couple of times before making a final judgement, but if you like Ludo to begin with, you will certainly love this CD.
OK to be honest, I had never heard of Ludo until I saw them open for The Presidents at House of Blues in Anaheim a couple of weeks ago.  They ROCKED!!  So I decided to buy a copy of their album, I was not disappointed.Their quirky lyrics over the heavy ska/punk instrumentals makes for a great combination, and Ludo has quickly taken their position as a most played on my MP3 player.Great songs, lots of fun, mounds of attitude, and `I can watch Good Will Hunting by myself!'
One of the greatest albums of all time, I'm not kidding. I last saw these guys at the lucky dragon in tempe and a few other places. One great band that didn't make it far enough. Very melodic but retaining that local punk feel. Guitars are great too, and so is the well-placed screaming. I wish I could get another copy of "The Porch" but that is basically impossible to find.
Destruction, purgation, metamorphosis.  These are the central themes of many industrial albums, especially those that fall into the broadly-conceived "power" or "rhythmic" noise genre.  "Beyond Repair" is no exception.  This album set the standard for noise for the past several years, being the greatest of its type since Converter's "Blast Furnace."  But Prometheus Burning brought different elements to the table that set it apart from earlier permutations -- the vocals, sometimes shrieking, sometimes growling, sometimes moaning; the emphasis on dance-oriented structures; and, of course, the female element.  While there are several female artists in this vein, such as Hecate, there have been few who have so thoroughly integrated a vocal element into their music, or so well.  While Ms. Telladictorian's vocals are certainly an acquired taste, it is indisputable that they are a perfect complement to the thrashing, nightmarish vat that is filled to the brim with downsampled voices, inhuman bellowing, and pulsating, self-destructing percussion.  While some tracks are straightforward dancefloor killers wrapped in broken glass and misfiring automata -- "Some Things Are Meant To Stay Broken" and "Significantly Altered" come to mind -- others are convulsing, spasmsodic bursts, like "Squelch" and "Deanimate."  And further still are the amorphous noisescapes like "The Needle's Eye" and "Deconstructing Scar Tissue."If you're a connoisseur of this sort of music, then chances are you already own it.  However, if you're the type who likes darker club music but hates the effeminate, pathetically over-the-top forced "edginess" of girly-men eurotrash like Combichrist (or the self-righteous pop debacle that is most electro music these days), and might be willing to listen to an album that is only roughly club-compatible in fits and starts, then this is one of the best starting points possible.
Every track is set to classic 80's rock samples and these guys can actually flow on the mic.  As a bonus, the skits are PURE COMIC GOLD about interracial dating and such.  Don't skip this gem
This CD culminates the highlights from only two albums created as a side project from Psyche singer Darrin Huss with various collaborators. Choose Your Weapon, Night Stalker and Dead Agent are like a mix up of Skinny Puppy, Chris And Cosey, and early Ministry, but somehow rawer and occasionally quite chilling in atmosphere.A serious industrial highlight, get "The Itch"!
A great EP from a great band. If you like TMSR, you need this CD.
Scribble Mural Comic Journal is the very first LP from A Sunny Day in Glasgow. It represents a solid beginning for those who enjoy dream pop and shoegaze. There's a bit of a roughness around the edges, but that adds to the charm of the album. You can see threads of later experimentations throughout the album and, from my own experience, it makes a great trip CD due to the atmosphere it provides. The band itself has gone through quite a number of changes since this album's release, but &#34;Scribble...&#34; is a solid foundation piece and, really, a great gateway to ASDiG.My favorite track? &#34;The Best Summer Ever&#34;.
Oh how I love this album, just wish it was longer, can't wait for these guys to release some new stuff.
seeing that there are so many talented Australian Industrial bands, I hoped this CD from New Zealand would be good. I was blown away by how amazing some of the songs were. its a shame that this band won't release their two earlier albums in north America because they are extremely talented!
Great, and only, album by a band comprised of members of Sparklehorse and Koester. I wish these guys would have put out more music, ut they only left us with this one gem. If you can find a copy, buy it. It is really good. Otherwise, download it here.
This band has never gotten much attention. They are simply at their best live and this album has the best collection of live material besides the live, bootleg recordings I can no longer find. The Slip are two brothers, Brad and Andrew Barr, who play guitar and drums and Mark Friedman who plays bass. They are all complete masters at their instruments and they groove so well together. This isn't what  I would call hippy music. It has some electronic elements even though there aren't any samplers or drum machines. There is a strong jazz element which doesn't exactly feel like jazz or rock. It has a strong feeling and atmosphere and the album seems to float in my mind when I think back on it. I have loved this album for many years and I believe I will always cherish it. One of the few albums I've bought multiple times. I couldn't recommend the studio albums with the same enthusiasm but the first and third album are pretty good which I believe are Live from the Gecko(which isn't a live album) and Angles Come On Time. These songs are something else entirely. The energy and emotion captured in these songs is incredible. The focus is more on the sounds than a song craft. There are lyrics to some of the songs but the best songs are musical explorations or what feels to be exploration. If you appreciate that music can be wonderful if done well no matter what the genre then you will surely find many things you like in this music.
This is Yonder Mountains best album imo.  Great songs, great lyrics, On The Run is probobly my favorite song by these guys.  Some of the guitar work here is seriously unbelievable!!!  If you are a fan of real musicianship, you shoudl really check this out!
This album is amazing. Anyone who likes Yonder probably already has this and if you don't you should be ashamed of yourself. If you have never listened to Yonder please, please, PLEASE buy this album now. You will not regret it.
I truly enjoy this album. It was a great addition to my collection.I highly recommend it to any bluegrass lover!
You can listen to the ablum over and over again, it is what the name of the band is, a beautiful woman. The music is ambient and beautiful, the lyrics  GET THIS ALBUM IF YOU ARE GOTH and into synth music! can be corny at times with a thick italian accent, but loveable.
I discovered the band Narsilion just a few short months ago and I'm sooo glad I did !  Their music is truly a wonder in inspiration and tranquility - not to mention a joyful adventure into the fantasies and heartbreaks of our minds and hearts.Narsilion plays medieval fantasy / neoclassical music.  Music infused by notes of sadness, loneliness and nature.The female singer (Lady Nott) possesses beautiful vocals, and you can just envision yourself hitching a ride on her notes alongside a fairy.  Or imagine a run through the forest while playing with the elves.  If you want to languish in sorrow while sitting at a rivers bank, Narsilion invites you to do so.  Emotions of the human soul are all here.Truly exceptional !  I love this band, and a result I have purchased all four of their albums !They won't dissapoint you if this genre of music fascinates you.
This is a nice compilation of country/blues songs that are nice too sit back and relax to.
A pause back in time...this album brings back some of the finer years of Sonic Youth's earlier efforts such as &#34;Bad Moon Rising&#34; and &#34;Evol&#34; before the band signed onto David Geffen and simplified their chemistry even on the Blast First release of &#34;Daydream Nation&#34;...the SST years were still the best with no radio friendly gems, just pure artistic freedom...static noise. The later stuff is okay, but sounded too purified...&#34;NYC Ghosts & Flowers,&#34; &#34;Sonic Nurse,&#34; and  &#34;Murray Street&#34; had their moments of the band awakening. Yet &#34;East Jesus&#34; is a Lee Renaldo solo effort sounding relaxed and free...sounds more like Sonic Youth before they departed from the SST label with the &#34;Sister&#34; album. Haven't heard a better Sonic Youth release since &#34;East of Jesus,&#34; though it is all Lee Renaldo at his best...
if you like L7, you gotta get this! not one bad track on this. i just wish they were still together.
On the drumming alone you have to give it huge props, and the 'mary tyler wh_res' tracks alone are worth the price of admission.
This CD is consistently good.  Admit it--how often do you play a CD from beginning to end? Yeah, me neither.  But I do with this one.  Forty Winks deserves a bigger US audience.
The first track "I Was Only Kidding" takes you into an atmosphere of sonic exploration that doesn't relent until the last note of "Lullaby."  Endlessly listenable.
It's like sitting around a campfire with Faye and her guitar when you listen to her music! Turn up the volume and her music will glow around you. The album is an Indie mix of Folk, Blues, Pop and Acoustic. Faye is a poet and storyteller and her guitar is as lively as she is. In fact, this is a living, breathing album with soulful vocals and earthy acoustics. She's not just a singer-songwriter and guitar-player...she's truly an artist on many levels!! Buy it and enjoy!!
wonderful artist. this album can be passed to every generation within my family without having to explain who, what, where, or why.
For everyone who likes this song you can buy the album and the album of one of her other projects on myspace.  The band is called Slingshot Dakota, they are one of the best bands I've come across is along time.  Search them on myspace and you can buy the album that this track is off of and others from the band.
This is a very good song for all the people who have seen the YouTube video, and for all the people who like straight classical type music, with only a piano. Very good and this is one of my favorite songs to listen to.A must buy
Beautiful pace in this song, this song instantly relaxes me when I listen to it...the melody is simply beautiful.
It's great.I've been trying to buy this track, do the right thing, support an artist.Except that I'm not in the US and apparently my money isn't good enough for Amazon and "Digital Content Providers" complaining about sales going down.Hey, guess what are my options now?Apart from that, that track reminds me of another artist, Yann Tiersen, with similar melodies and mood.A light piece with sorrowful undertones, very nicely played and very inspiring.
Its not all good but "how far north" has to be one of if not my favorite song. Bloody stumps is also surprisingly good.
Have been listening to these guys for almost 6 years and LOVE THEM!! Highly recommended.
This is my fave HR work of all of them except the 'brains stuff. And it's funny cuz not many people mention this one! Maybe it's not for everyone. HR goes off like a Lion at the end of &#34;Keep Out of Reach&#34; (the song) and you HAVE to hear it - prolly the most intense event in rock history, for me at least. &#34;It's About Luv&#34; is one of those awesome songs that you just have to hear on a beautiful day. And if it's not-so-beautiful outside, you can throw it on anyway and turn that day around! I just LOVE it. Maybe it's not for you, but give it a spin.
I was listening to music on Pandora when I came across 'Instrumental' by these guys. I loved it, so I looked more into them. In a matter of minutes, I found myself downloading this brilliant album by A Burning Water. I highly recommend it, I can listen to this album in its entirety and it still doesn't get old. Every song on We Can See the Sky from Here is amazing and different. None of the songs really sound similar, though,'This is a Test' and 'Retract' can sound similar at times, but not too similar. If I could, I'd give this album 6 stars, A Burning Water deserves it for putting out such an amazing album. It's too bad more people don't know about this incredible band.
I got wind of this group through watching a favorite TV show of mine and now enjoy their great sound.
and now I love it completely.  I feel like the band has tried to sound a bit haphazard and slapdash in the way they achieved the mix of sounds on this.  At other times, you realize this is far from the case and their sound is always chosen.  The reason it sounds haphazard sometimes is due to the natural sound they produce from playing together for so long.  To give you and idea of what this sounds like, it's a mix of lo-fi emo indie rock, from early Modest mouse stomp, Built to Spill quirky ideas, or making his voice sometimes sound similar to Sunny Dale Real Estates frontman.  I appreciate their lyrics, their wit, their humor, and the way their music both shares and reflects that.  Most importantly, when they decide to be a little more serious they pull it off completely.
Folks, do yourself a favor...If you like original, absolutely perfect live country drunkedness, without a tiny slack in musical talent.  This recording is simply one-of-a-kind special.  I'd spin this before Buck, or Dwight, or any of that crowd (and believe me...I love Buck big time).  I'm just a little sad that no one else is excited about the Pistols to write about them.  The other cds are great also.  I've bought them all...and I can't stop listening  Discover them NOW...don't wait another second
this is a must have for any self respecting street punk. it crosses the casualties with menace. pure speed and adrenaline with anthems and melodies that will keep your hair charged up till it falls out
No, I'm not kidding about the title. Everything on here sounds like it came straight out some anime dream from heaven. I'd give this album ten stars if I thought I could get away with it. Buy it by it buy it buy it you won't be sorry.
Michael Zapruder, the elder statesman of a new generation of singer/songwriters, has been at work shattering and recreating his genre once again.  He has given birth to an intoxicating, puzzling, and beautiful record, his best so far.  Zapruder manages to be intense at the same time as mellow, dramatic while very subtle, and always surprising.  This album hovers around the concepts of fertility and futility, continuing Zapruder's fascination with the beauty and uncontrollability of the natural world, as well as mundane and defective details of the human realm.  The orchestration and arrangement is impeccable, making extensive and tasteful use of stringed instruments as well as the more tradition fare of guitars, keys and percussion.  Another great album for adults with an ear for originality and beauty.  A must-have for all those interested in what the most creative musicians in America have to say right now.
Can't stop dancing....I dare you not to hop up and down, twirl and bop.  Not possible when you have Munday in your house, and car, and gym headphones!
I don't know who the other reviewers are talking about but Nel Aspinal was Curt McNeil, Chad Larid and Tommy Hamilton.This follow-up to their debut (A Romans Map to Heaven) is an amazing and deeply textured album of classic indie/lo-fi rock tunes. Curt and Chad will move you with their nostalgic and beautiful harmonies and lyrics and Tommy is at the top of his game punctuating it all with great grooves and a great mix.Album highlights include the sweet and soulful Captiol Pink and the legubriau, moving Marianas Trench as well as the dark and moving Funeral Song (I+II)series.If you like melodic and nostalgic indie rock do yourself a favor and pick this up.
This is great music for punks and everyone else who enjoys great rock. Definitely recommend this for everyone! Check them out today and listen to one of the great forgotten bands of the era.
I love this album! The sounds is mellow, but dynamic. It makes for good active listening or background music, I use it at work a lot when I want to listen to something instrumental.
Don't remember the first time I heard the orange and the black.  probably a flyers game, but I have become a fan.
If you like psycho billy and old school punk this album is perfect for you.  13 tracks hammered out by fangs front man sammytown.  With all the ego trips from surviving old school punk icons, sammytown has always kept it real and refused to abandon his roots.
I love this band, they are brutally awesome. Solid rock that is progressive and old school, like launching a NASA rocket at a backyard BBQ. Give them a solid listen
Sunset Mission is my absolute favorite Bohren album, hands down. There was a five year gap between Midnight Radio and Sunset Mission, and while several years is a standard wait time for a new Bohren album, this period also included a lineup change when their guitarist left and they added a sax player. The shift in musical direction seemed profound, for here we have one of the greatest jazz albums of all time, and it's not even technically a jazz album. Comparisons to Angelo Badalamenti, The Necks and perhaps Barry Adamson were all legit at the time. Today we have more of this, coming from Brambles, Povarovo, Dale Cooper Quartet, and Kammerflimmer Kollektief. But none of these artists, and none of Bohren's subsequent works, came close to the smoothness exhibited here.Now, later albums such as Black Earth blended the claustrophobic doom of Midnight Radio and Gore Motel with the jazzy haze of Sunset Mission, indicating that Bohren's style hadn't really changed much at all. But for a brief moment, the paranoid, depressive, slow-motion death march that characterizes much of their music was put on hold. Here was that moment, captured on a single album, with powers both soothing and ominous, with clarity and originality exuding from every note of every track.Sunset Mission is the album you don't want to start with when listening to Bohren, for it will make you want more, of which there is none. Bohren's music is very much its own species, and this is the mutant of the gene pool. And like a human born with fully functioning wings, you will wonder how it managed to stay so isolated, and why it didn't come to define its whole population from its creation forward.
I was referred to this band by a friend and was further intrigued by the band's claim to be 'doom jazz'. My curiosity piqued, I gave them a listen. That label is apt because while the music doesn't fill me with dread, it is completely enveloping and heavy in its own way. 'Sunset Mission' is my favorite album of Bohren's, offering a album-length block of the group performing at their best. The music is very minimalistic but it sounds as if every breath through the saxophone and every brush of the cymbal is precisely planned. I listen to this album most often on stormy dark mornings and when I want to relax at night.
This music is so sexy, so dark, so spacey, so restrained... you can't not love it.I can't tell, but I'm pretty sure there are 5 musicians making up the group, and damn do they gel.I heard about this from Jeff Caxide, the bass player from Isis. I know him. We're friends on Facebook. Super tight like shoelaces yo. He was all &#34;Dude, this is some good ish.&#34; And I was all, &#34;Yeah, ok. I'll check it out.&#34; So I did, and dude, this is some good ish.Best uses: Solving crimes in black and white. Snoopin about a shady back-alley club on a rainy night, at the request some shifty and familiar lookin dame (pro-bono, cause she's hard up for dimp), on the one year anniversary of your brother's murder.Also good for bein' naked with your lover: Candlelit room, roast ham dinner, reruns of Dr. Who, naked; Post office, mail, broad daylight, naked.It's always good, just as long as you're naked and/or trying to solve crimes in black and white at some point.Seriously though, buy this.
This album is amazing.  The first track "Prowler" sets me in the perfect mood for reading or watching the rain come down every time I put it on.Light some candles or incense, turn on a lamp and pour a glass of bourbon.  This "dark-jazz/noir-jazz" really gives you that 1930-40s late night inner city feel.  Not for fans of hard-bop or west coast jazz who are looking for something darker, but for fans of ambient music looking for something with a lot of mood and personality.
Listening to this album is like shooting yourself out of a rocket head-first into a dark and rainy film noir scene. You dust yourself off and find yourself in a long dark leather trench coat and realize you smell a bit like alcohol, you're an old washed-up cop on one last adventure in this horrible city...
Como otodos los CD de la polla es buenisismo, pena que se rompio el grupo, esperemos que su nueva agrupacion vuelva por sus laureles
Awesome. I only with they were still together, Jamesen was the second best lower-west-side-EL-scene's Emo band featuring 4 male members. I cherish my copy, I got it signed by the original crew with a blue sharpie and the bassist's teeth marks were left on the cap. I keep that right next to the CD.
The music here is just great.  Every song is lyrical and has good rhythm.  Moment by Moment is the most memorable single, but as I listen to the album my favorite song changes from song to song.
Thanks to Ryan for turning me on to this band. I never heard it before and now I love it.Its good for when you need a little kick and motivation to destroy the day!
I'm going to make this a short review.  This is a lot of music for not much money.  The sound quality is better than what you'd expect as is the content.  If you don't believe it, just listen to the samples provided by Amazon.  There aren't any songs that are bad to my ear and many that are excellent to very good.  Lots of energy here for sure.  I'm not sure where else you're going to get 33 good quality songs for only $2.49 (as of this writing, so I'll give this one 5 stars.
I have a hulking bias when it comes to this album. Too much nostalgia to list, but anyway... Now that I threw that out there, I'm going to claim that this is Discount's masterpiece. Dig?The way I see it, each Discount album is better than the last. No, not the most objective terminology, but give them a listen in chronological order and you'll see what I mean. Ataxia was great, relatively straight forward pop-punk. Half Fiction up'd the pop element by throwing in plenty of hooks guided by Alison's (now louder in the mix) vocals, all while retaining their core stylings.Crash Diagnostic marks not so much as stylistic shift, but moreso an added dimension to their sound. The simple song structures of old have become more complex and textured, reminiscent of Fugazi's later work, and Alison's vocals, while always fantastic, are leagues above in terms of variation and emotional power. Hell, she even pulls off a decent Guy Piccotto impression in a few tracks.Standout tracks: couldn't choose... if you want a feel for this album though, download Broken To Blue, Math Won't Miss You, and Black And White Can't Capture Red And Blue. It's a perfect album, it just may not seem like it at first.
I love Pinetop Seven. They don't seem to be widely known, but I happened to hear one song from my brother and bought the entire discography from there. When I listen to them, I feel like I've gone back in time a hundred years or more, and it takes me away from Miami to the woods of Illinois. I love "Hurry Home Dark Cloud" and "Western Ash" but I could listen to all the songs as a sort of pensive, mood-setting music anytime.
Todd Snider is a storyteller like no other!
without calling this album "mature" , its great from start to finish with the the usual sing-alongs,tight music,and i still feel assaulted by the drums and heaviness , winding down with the ending tune.guys that are hard on ben,come on,cut the guy some slack,while he said we become what we hate, give him credit for becoming maybe a tad more serious/open but still rockin'.As I listened to this almost everyday for the last 8- 9 months encompassing my divorce-------holy crap! I think it is one of the best from these guys...it has some dumb juvenile songs and some in your face"deep" ones also... the last 3 songs are damn near incredible.....the last song....I reiterate--------------------awesomeness....Im a fan of all of their stuff but I consider the "newer" stuff--this one,emo  and tcd....as great....and better...
The best compilation of the Brazilian tropicalismo movement. Especially designed for people who don't know a thing about Brazilian music, but easily the best thing for anyone who cares and enjoys this cultural treasure.
Your Brazilian music collection can start right here. Just download this album, enjoy it, and then explore each of the artists highlighted here.David Byrne put this compilation together in the late 80's, exploring some of the key artists of the Brazilian scene. This is not the Bossa Nova music of the early 60's -- it's mainly from the next generation of artists that grew up in the late 60's and became successful in the 70's onward.Every track here is a classic, and every artist is a master. It's a hugely enjoyable listen that I come back to over and over, and it's a compilation that introduced me to some great artists.There are several other albums in this series -- all are worth buying.
You've heard of Lynyrd Skynyrd and Green Day, now hear this blend of both bands! 500 Miles to Memphis has a sound that is an almost eclectic mixture of awesome alternative meets Southern Rock. The lap guitar and fiddle weaves the pounding electric guitar licks and catchy drum beats into a perfect blend of upbeat foot stomping, finger tapping, hand clapping music. I dare you to listen to 'All My Friends are Crazy' without moving one part of your body. Do yourself a favor and download the free copies of 'Sunshine in A Shotglass', 'All My Friends are Crazy', and 'The Regret' from Amazon.
This band and album are great!  Sounds like a Alkaline Trio (sound) meets Social Distortion (topically). I highly recommend this album.
Graham Parsons, Pavement, etc. Very well done. I must say, the drumming on this album is really good. I mean, I think that guy must have been some kind of genius. Apparently he disappeared in Texas and hasn't been heard from in a while. The bass player sounds like he's the kind of guy who would hang out at the bar drinking and talking after a show while the rest of the band loaded the gear. Does anyone else hear that in his playing? Maybe it's just me. I did some digging around and apparently they used to perform in full gorilla outfits.
as a shredder Stern is top notch, if slightly sterile. Vocally, she calls to mind 80s girl-punk bands such as The Avengers, The Expelled, or Vice Squad.  Both things would make me check her out, but what really, really clinches it for me is just how WEIRD the songs themselves are.  Full of esoteric imagery, literate references & subtle philosophical meanderings these songs are the highly educated answer to punk.  Patterns of a diamond ceiling should be enjoyed in the dark, eyes closed, drug enhancement at your own risk.
Dreams By Degrees was an amazing label. A ton of time and care went into all of their 6 releases (the Season series and the Color series), from the selection of the music itself to the artwork which was frequently beautiful. I can safely recommend everything they put out, and if you can find the physical releases count yourself lucky. A label showcase at Cafe Du Nord circa 2005 feat. Loquat, Sappington (my favorite!), and n.ln was one of the best live shows I've ever seen. It's a shame that the other person who reviewed "Orange" gave it one star based on the fact that it wasn't the soundtrack to "A Clockwork Orange".
One of the best bands of the mid-90s instro-surf movement. One of the things that bugged me about many of these bands was the yawnworthy retro-sweetness (and slowness) of their music. These guys have got power and energy in spades and I'd put them up there with the Nebulas, Man Or Astroman? and all of the other great neo surf acts. I've got this on vinyl and almost every song is fantastic. Also,I'm REAL impressed that Amazon has this, as itunes doesn't. Makes me feel hopeful that they'll step up their game enough for me to eventually walk away from itunes forever...!
I will not babble on and on about mindless details, I will only say that this is one of the best albums I own..My album is an original CD from Caroline Records that I was lucky enough to find not long ago after a long search..I have no idea how downloads sound, but it is nice to see that you can buy this on CD from this site as it had been out of print for quite some time as far as I know..I am not much of a reviewer and I am sorry for that..But this is such a great album in my opinion that I felt I needed to say something about it..It is slightly raw, but seems to have been produced very well..Very aggressive music..Some might call it thrash, some might just call it heavy metal..Very good songwriting in my opinion throughout the album..If you spend the money on the download and like metal music I do not believe you will be disappointed with this..Everyones different, but if you love testament and Old Metallica and Metal church etc. you just might love this!
I buy a LOT of cds - Now & again though there comes along one that stops me in my tracks - This cd is most definitely in this catagory .Think Joy Divisions music with a slightly more melodic vocals - In saying that there are moments on this cd that sound very much like Ian Curtis.If you are into Joy Division or anything a bit more gloomy than the norm - This cd is for you.
This album is great. Yes, sounds like the greats of the 80's but I think they may have done it right here. Using a lot of the same instruments and production elements and their own thumbprints across the tracks. Drummer's solid
Great old school Toots and the Maytals. Original sounding recordings with great fidelity that still maintain that analog feel. A must have for the fan of vintage Reggae
I had the original 10in album and was happy to see this on amazon.  It is math rock on dischord with members of the future slant 6.  all women and the harmonies are great.
It also features Mary Timony in her pre-Helium days.Her guitar style is very distinctive in much the same way that it is on the first Helium record and that's on full display here.(lots of whammy bar work) I don't know that would call it  &#34;mathy&#34;...It is kind of delicate and intricate forpunk rock to be sure,but it has obvious punk roots.It also definitely sounds a bit closer to Slant 6 than Helium ...I would recommend this to fans of either band.A criminally underrated and under-heard band.I believe this everything that they recorded.
A complete reversal from when they were The Boys Next Door. Incredible shtuff; heroin nightmares vividly done. Of course, I'm a huge fan from back in 1982 when I first stumbled across Junkyard. I'm seeing Cave in L.A. this July, finally. R.I.P. Rowland! Truly, a must have.
Though I can't believe it's been 15 years since this album came out, it still stands as Mark Kozelek's most enduring work, and the standard by which all of his later work, whether with the Painters, or under his own name, or with his current outfit Sun Kil Moon, will be measured.Meticulously recorded, the album (the first of two self-titled albums released in 1993, and commonly referred to as the "Rollercoaster" LP) starts out on a high note with "Grace Cathedral Park," a haunting account of doomed love, and the somber confessions of songs like "Down Through" and "Dragonflies." The power of childhood memories is explored in songs like "Rollercoaster" and "New Jersey," with the band gently and slowly unfolding around Kozelek's gauzy guitar-scapes. The high point may well be the jagged "Mistress," the album's loudest and hardest-rocking number, which is also later reprised in a gorgeous solo piano version. The sustained tension in the longer epic psychodramas like "Strawberry Hill" and "Mother" make the album drag a bit towards the end, but the brief, shimmering "Brown Eyes" brings the album to a still, beautiful end.As with much of his early work, his lyrics sometimes verge on embarrassingly confessional (From "Down Through": "I can still feel the sting in my hand from when I hit you." Ouch, TMI, dude...), the quality of his unique songwriting voice and gorgeous guitar work is undeniable. This is the kind of album that never fails to reveal new treasures, no matter how many times you play it. A sprawling masterpiece, and one of the defining albums of 1990's alternative rock.
Marginal Man was one of the greats of the DC Hardcore scene. This was the first album, and while fantastic on its own, it pairs perfectly with Double Image album released a couple years later. I still listen to both all a lot 25 years later. Like Black Market Baby, if Marginal Man had been discovered ten years later, they'd have been bigger than Green Day.I think I went to about every Marginal Man show from '84 onward until the reunion night with pudding cups flying everywhere at the old 9:30. It was great music to dance to, and the best stage diving music outside of Bad Brains. Most importantly, the lyrics are great, and have seen me through a lot of rough times. (thanks guys!)If you ever want to hear more of the "old school" DC sound beyond Minor Threat, check them out, buy both records. Now.
This is an excellent overview of Lowlife's catalog of releases with great alternate versions of some tracks to keep it more interesting for existing fans.My introduction to this sorely under-appreciated band was the former compilation "From a Scream to a Whisper" on vinyl. There are a few essential tracks from that older compilation I wish were on this one (e.g. "A Sullen Sky," "Big Uncle Ugliness"). However, the trade-off is that the older comp stopped at 1989 (about halfway through their career together), while this one does a fair job of sampling from just about every release they made and does so chronologically. Thankfully, with AmazonMP3 now you can reconstruct the older comp or augment this one with the other tracks if you so choose :)One thing of which to be aware: I've noticed some flaws in the rip of "Ramafied" which I hope Amazon corrects. I'm reporting them now.I'm so happy that Lowlife has *finally* been given the remaster and re-issue treatment they have deserved. I hope a new crowd of fans comes to appreciate them as much as I and others do.
If you've ever heard the Loved Ones then you are probably a fan.  Everything they make is gold.  This record is a must.
mellow, mellow, mellow. And I like the slide guitar - never been a fan of it in the past, but it's done tastefully in this album.
This album is a must have for anyone into hardcore punk. Those of you who were there with me know what I'm talking about!
I ordered this product as a gift, it was delivered to their house on time. The vinyl itself is in good condition as described, I have had no issues with my purchase so I do not know how their customer service is, but I'll give em the fact it was shipped quickly. The album is awesome a great Minor Threat release and I love the sound quality.
Absolutely classic album. A must buy for any fan of punk rock. I'm glad I decided to break down and buy another copy.
One of the best records of all time. Anyone who likes aggressive music of any type should have this in their catalog.
Some of my friends would try to get me to go to punk shows in the 80s but I never really got it.  I only liked metal (among other things).  Recently with the Net I've started to research some of the hardcore bands and I see I missed out.  Minor Threat is incredible.  Raw, fast and powerful, but followable.  They make me to want get out there and thrash....
Amazing album, perfect condition, and the mp3 download was nice. Nothing sounds quite like vinyl and the download makes having it in my phone 100th easier.
i'm old now, but this was a stomping good album for me to find in the eighties. Deliverin' pizza and blarin' this all over the eastside.The only hardcore ever with tubular bells.
Panima is quickly gaining notoreity in southern California and will pick up more loyal fans through their touring. "This Is Who We Are" is a mixture of the emo-rock and heart-core music that true fans appreciate. With lyrics and sounds similar to a cross of Cartel, Taking Back Sunday, and The Starting Line (among others), Panima knows how to rock!
This is a pretty solid album with a lot of interesting songs and sounds.  Dan Emery's delivery of vocals never gets old and he always has something interesting to say.  All in all, buy this album.
Excellent blend of sound from a group of really talented musicians (despite the fact that they appear to be doing all of this in their "spare" time, which may be the wave of the future for a lot of cutting-edge, novel music, but certainly also gives an idea of the level of dedication behind the music).  Eric Teather, the "front man" (who I knew from college, and who was one of those rare individuals gifted not just in music but also in languages, math, science, and engineering!) cites some of his early influences as "the synth pop of Depeche Mode and the Smiths -- with a generous helping of Judas Priest and Iron Maiden"; these influences certainly can be heard in this music.  In fact, having just seen Depeche Mode this weekend at Lollapalooza, one might even think that Depeche Mode's new material is now being influenced by Petland's earlier work!
Great "first" album by Soulside.  I have a demo tape of most of these songs from the Lunchmeat days.  What a great deal to find that this had been re-released and available for download!  This is the best and most rockin' of the Soulside albums.  Pearl to Stone, Fresh Air, Dreams, You've Heard It Before: all excellent.  If you like this you will like Soon Come Happy as well.  By the way, it's "Less Deep Inside Keeps".  The title actually wraps around the sleeve and the rest of the complete line, "Becoming less, less deep, to be inside, nothing keeps" is on the back and reads "Becoming less to be nothing".  It's not some zen saying.  Everybody in this band went on to Girls Against Boys, or GvsB for short, except for Bobby Sullivan who is now playing in Spontaneous Earth.
As usual....quality music from The Church.These guys just keep on keeping on.  Their music never changes....and it is always good.
It was so hard for me to find this band. Great electronic music with some variety to it. Real edgy and fun.
My guess is that most lifelong Iggyphiles are completely unaware of this mashup between Mr. Osterberg and Ms. Peaches. First impression: my jaw literally dropped. &#34;Kick It&#34; is a minor masterpiece and should be an essential part of any Iggy fan's library. Over and out.
At first I remember I didn't like it. Maybe I should blame it on mid-90s' overexposure of brit-pop with Blur, Suede and Pulp being more of a priority for me, and Air Miami sounded more like 'just one of those indie bands from somewhere'... But that's the beauty with bands like Air Miami and albums like 'Me, Me, Me' that never come into the ear at first listen or couple of listens more - but then something suddenly causes a surprising, pleasant twitch. This is a beautiful, at times maybe a bit too childish ('I Hate Milk', 'Sweet as a Candy Bar') but overall a truly impressive album that bursts with dreamy simplicity of an indie-standard. Highly recommended.
If you like this, do yourself a favor and also pick up Crash and Burn. These guys are from the Seattle area (Snohomish if I'm not mistaken) and opened for all the skate punk greats of the 90s at Seattle shows. I could have left after their opening set at any of these shows and still gotten my money's worth.I think these guys flew under the radar mainly due to their timing. Is was pretty much the tail end of genre's popularity (at least after the peak). Had they been a few years earlier, they would have been superstars. I'm glad I got to be a part of it all while they were still together... great band!
This is a "Where are they now?" follow-up to Beleza Tropical. Beleza Tropical was my favorite of David Byrne's Brazil Classics series. Most of these artists are the same ones who were on the original Beleza Tropical 20 years ago. In the meantime, they have gotten even better, and they have discovered synthesizers in a big way. Lyrics are provided in translation, and they are good as well. This is great party and driving music. Highly recommended.
Nice to hear REAL hardcore that doesn't sound like Morbid Angel for a change. Nothing against metal, but hardcore has waded so far into it and other genres that it often forgets it's punk roots.Listen youngsters, don't let the word 'punk' fool you. Long before punk was resurrected and repackaged as a filtered pop commodity by those grunge f*gs in the 90's, it had already been distilled of any mainstream pretensions. Hence, it was dubbed 'hardcore'. It wasn't a generalized term for a bunch of "extreme" co-opting fusion genres, that's for sure. This is the pure, unadulturated sound of 80's hardcore.
Justin Hinds is sorely missed in the Reggae community.  This album brings to light his passion for music and the excellent playing by John Browns Body helps lift up the pace a bit. This a great reggae classic in the coming for all who like Roots Reggae.
First album from this band, genre progressive metalcore. He's a mix of various genres I like this. recommended to 8 strings guitar fans!
I recently purchased the last ATB CD I was missing out of there collection and this first album here is still my favorite.The guitar is just amazing. Play on for MN and hurry to Duluth!
Technically, more demanding right off the bat. I really like the music so much more on this album as a whole than Rareform. The only thing I can't stand about this album at times are the vocals. Most of the time, they're tolerable but there are times where he goes for the deep vocal growls and he sounds like a metal version of the dude that sings "Chacarron" (look it up on YouTube if you don't know what I'm talking about).Long story short, Rareform was an improvement in the vocal area but I still think the most technical content from this band resides on this album. So, if you can tolerate the sometimes hoaky cookie monster vocals, I absolutely recommend this album.
First time I listened to the songs from this CD was on purevolume.com years ago and sadly I lost my copy of it sometime between now and then. So happy to have it back though. Trophy Scars has changed a lot since this EP, but they still create some of the most unique music you can find.
I spent the summer in Galway a few years ago were you cannot escape the son Galway Girl. It was for that song that I first bought this album, and grew to love Mundy. Due to that Time Galway Girl with Sharon Shannon will always be one of my favorites, bu I love every song on this album and the majority of his songs from other albums as well.
Okay, maybe Okay fans will disagree. And on second though, Dilute is amazing. And his work with Howard Hello. But I just love the intimacy you get here. With Jacques. I freaking love Jacques. Jacques Kopstein. My CD blew up. So I'm downloading it again.
Chris Cornell has been a powerful force in the music industry since 1987 when his first single with Soundgarden was released. He helped shape two genres of music, he is a legend. And my favorite singer of all time. This is a collection of orchestral (strings) arrangements of some of his greatest gits ranging from the bands he has played with to his solo career. This is a great compilation, I love it!
I watched these guys play at The Inn of the Beginning in Cotati, Ca. I had their CD and lost it years ago - so happy and surprised to find it on Amazon. The lead signer Sheri is AMAZING! Great voice, sounds like Janis Joplin - beautiful! And the lead guitarist, Chris, a true genius! The drummer, Matt, insane! So good! And the bassist, I think  is Jodi - cool chick! Wish they would put out more music. Amazing! Bobby MaGee is my favorite - I prefer Hangman's Dauhgter's versios of it over other!
i bought 2 other albums by the shanks, and realized the third times a charm! their lo-fi sound only adds to their talent-any more than 2 shakes and your playing with it!
Great song,  being in love when this song broke in '95 makes it very special.  Hey.  C D,  &#34;did I tell you your wonderful, I miss you, yes I do, &#34;  Happy 50th B-day & remember my love.  :)
"Singing in the Morning" is my favorite Graham Coxon track. The other two are album tracks and are also awesome, Freakin' Out is rockin' and All over Me is a nice ballady tune.Great stuff.
They haven't lost any of the mystique.  Absolutely captivating album, haunting and beautiful.  If you are a fan, you should definitely own this.
really really classic goth sound, highest possible recomendation, if i was you i would definatly get this album. even if youre not goth youll probly like it.
A VERY GOOD CD from an i heard them on bbc radio and like their sound! i hope to hear more from them soon.
I stumbled upon this and thought that there was no way that this could be MY Keane, but to my surprise it WAS!  I was heading out on a trip to none other than the mountains of Tennessee when I found this gem.  It was absolutely brilliant and perfect for the drive. I played it for my sister and now she has to have it!
Saw this band live years ago, they were awesome friendly guys. I wish they were still making music. If you like local music scene this is the cd you want.
This band really went by fast and not that many people really caught wind of them. They feel like fall out boy but a little heavier
Well when you combine such instruments as the Banjo, and Mandolin with the one and only Ben Harper, the offspring is something inspirational. Well that is exactly what this album is, makes good background music, or simply good chill music that most have never heard. Simply because bluegrass is somewhat lost, but regaining ground. Ben Harper is timeless.One word, Amazing!
This album along withAfterburnerare great for cruising down the highway.Hard rockin' fast paced tunes to listen to while you enjoy the open road.
The Reason is a incredibly underrated band, with a sound best described as a combination of two other Canadian rock groups, Billy Talent and Three Days Grace. Their track "This Is Just The Beginning" is as catchy as they come, with a distinct bass guitar that will leave you humming it days after first hearing it. Highly recommend to those looking for a change of pace to the mainstream music scene.
Once upon a time, `emo' was known only in the underground world and--love it or loathe it--the term called to mind a certain aesthetic that allowed bands as diverse as Rites Of Spring, The Promise Ring, and even Jawbreaker to share stages and turntable space with the faithful. Then, as with `grunge' and so many other scenes, the corporate world co-opted the term and began to apply it to every two-bit, fourth generation, pop-punk band with a budget for semi-amusing videos that MTV was only too happy to shove down the throats of mallrats the world over. Emo--true emo--still exists, thanks in no small part to Deep Elm and their roster of mostly Midwest US diehards. Let the coasts and Europe have hardcore; all emo needs is the triangle stretching from St. Louis to Kansas City to Washington D.C. The eleventh installment in Deep Elm's Emo Diaries is a consistently strong testament to the determination of the true emo underground. While You Were Gone stands out with amazingly strong-yet-cute female vocals; Knockout Kings recall the glory of Texas Is The Reason; and The Crash Engine, Panel, and I'm Fashion, You're Victim could all easily share the stage with Quicksand or Snapcase. True emo combines passion with power, and has nothing to do with the local mall. Thankfully, Deep Elm continues to keep the light on for those who believe.
This song is one of my favorites. I love the edgy scraggltoothed vocals and look forward to more tracks like this in the future.
amazing songs followed by a hilarious radio show doing what all superchunk fans do at some point....Try to figuire out what the hell Mac is saying!
I am a friend with Rick the bass player, cool guy :) Great band by the way. I have seen the live, awesome show.
These guys really have their own sound.  There are so many genres and elements that make up the beauty that is Efterklang... prog, opera, electronica, post-rock... I stumbled upon them with Tripper and have continued to buy and love their stuff so much.It's difficult to even think of another band that does what they do.
Symphonic post-rock, with carefully orchestrated vocals -- Efterklang's _Parades_ swells forth on a tsunami of sound. "Polygene," for example, has a cinematic scope to it, with layered vocals that build to a chorus. The military snare that rattles in "Mirador" get subsumed under a lovely haze of strings and horns. The chant on "Him Poe Poe" lends a fairy tale-like quality to its short running time; the same goes for the simple piano of "Mimeo." On many tracks, the voices of children add an angelic texture, a counterpoint to the more mature voices. "Blowing Lungs Like Bubbles," however, goes for a accordion-assisted dirge. And "Caravan" has the sharp and precise rhythms of a rock song. On the final track, "Cutting Ice to Snow," they take the languorous out, content to let guitars strum over a tinkling piano and a buzzing accordion before the vocals explode onto the scene. A surprisingly accomplished album.
This truly is an incredible album. 'Parades' is a beautiful mix of electronic and traditional European folk that is simply stunning. Ranging from subtle and delicate to beat-laden and synth-heavy, Efterklang does a great job keeping their offering diverse and engaging.
I am a big fan of *good* dark ambient music, though most of it tends to come off as laughable and pretentious. I often find myself listening to Lustmord since he is one of the only artists who consistently makes the genre interesting. I have heard bits of Raison D'Etre in the past and I always thought they were a little more melodic, incorporating Gregorian-type chants in the music which resulted in a clam, meditative atmosphere. I was very surprised when I first heard "The Empty Hollows Unfolds". This album could stand up to *any* Lustmord release in terms of shear darkness and sinister atmosphere. The songs are just as hypnotizing as any good dark ambient track and the subtleties add enormous depth to each song.This album is best listened to with a good set of headphones so that the listener can hear everything that's going on. I do not want to go into details with each track but I will say that "The Eternal Return...." is one of the best dark ambient pieces I have heard and would be perfectly at home on any Lustmord release. The buildup sounds quite a bit like the tracks of "The Place Where Black Stars Hang" and the fact that it is 20 minutes long adds to the mesmerizing atmosphere. This album is highly recommended to fans of Lustmord who are somewhat jaded and think 99% of dark ambient releases are a waste of time.I like all of Raison D'Etre's albums but this one is number 1 for me. Highly recommended.
The other two reviews are for a different CD . . .The Amazon folks made a mistake in the setup of this artist page.I listened to all of the songs, and they're great. I really enjoyed them. Well crafted and certainly well preformed by all of the artist/singers. I'm surprised that some of these songs aren't on hit radio stations already. If you like real good country-pop music, good lyrics, and good singers, you'll love this CD.Faith Hill, Carrie Underwood, Taylor Swift etc....
I grew up listening to these songs and I know every word. It's pretty cool to hear them in such s different way.
Elliott Murphy has been a well-kept secret among the lucky few for way too long.  All great song writers, from Dylan to Cohen, from Springsteen to Tom Waits, have a strong pop sensibility.  Their music may be rooted in blues, Celtic ballads, c&w, whatever, but without a gift for great melodies they could never create so many unforgettable songs.  Murphy is right among them.  His vocals are reminiscent of Petty but with a stronger intellectual element, and, like Dylan, he can create nuances of emotion with the subtlest vocal inflection.  His band and musicianship are second to none.  If you appreciate intelligent lyrics, sometimes blended with a wicked dose of black humor and sometimes just straight from the heart, you'll find his songs irresistible. "Strings of the Storm" contains such classics as the beautiful (and brutally honest) "Last Star of the Night" as well as the glorious heartbreaking "Moan". "Green River" is a driving Dylanesque/Neil Young-like rocker while "The Banks of the Ohio" is a stunning cover of a traditional 'murder ballad'. All in all, a generous and varied collection of great songs by an incredible and versatile artist.
RYAN ADAMS IS ONE OF THE TOP SINGER /SONGWRITERS OF THE LAST DECADE.HAVE YOU EVER HEARD OF BOB DYLAN ? DARIA
The fact that this has only gotten 2 reviews is a sad, typical statement in itself. The radio fed masses have zero idea...
There a few great reviews of the album around they web as well as history's of the band.  The Clash meets Steeleye Span is a good place to start if you were describing their music.  I will say that after not having heard them for a long time they sound just as fresh to me as they did the first time.  Not for every one, but if you like things a little different - twisted Victorian lyrics, clashing guitars and a curiosity for that which goes bump under your car at night - you might give them a try.
I originally bought this album from a cutout bin many years ago because I liked the cover art. Turned out I Loved the Music as Well. It appeals to my sense of the strange & Unusual as well my love of early Punk. It's like Nothing of heard before or since, even from chrome this album is Unique Take a Listen & decide for yourself
I can't even tell you how nice it felt to hear that voice again.  I hadn't even noticed she'd released a new album.  As soon as I saw she had, I bought it, and have subsequently been on a Cindy Lee jag-- listening to all of her work.This is a small collection of great CLB songs.  The stuff is fresh-- in Cindy style, she's definitely trying new things.My favorite songs are "Cry Me a Jordan," "Beloved Stranger" and "Feel Like I Owe Somebody Something.""When Did Jesus Become a Republican" takes you by surprise, but it's a great song and does a nice job of asking a question that nobody seems to be able to answer.A very nice addition to the Cindy Lee collection, all of which are fantastic.I sincerely hope that this is a sign of more Cindy CD's.  She's vastly underrated, and so talented. I've seen her perform many times, and I know that there are so many Cindy jewels out there, I'd love to hear some of those songs again some day.
Even after 5 years, Merge in 1994 still dressed for success in releasing great bands!  Showcases early Merge artists such as Breadwinner, Angels of Epistemology, Wwax and even the Squirrel Nut Zippers!  The 5 year comp is just as badass as the 10 and 15 yr compilation in my opinion!
This album is filled with alternate takes of songs from Your Blues, recorded during Dan Bejar's tour for that album, and in some cases (particularly "New Ways of Living") the alternate takes actually surpass the album versions.  Even when they don't, they offer fresh versions of incredible songs during one of Bejar's most impressive periods of songwriting.  Highly recommended for a fan of the band, or any indie rock band, really.
I remember when this came out, I think there was a problem with promotion for this album because he was switching contracts (from mca to geffen)  It's a shame because it was probably his most consistent and listenable  album in the 80s.  Excellent mccartneyish melodies and harmonies in  'Breaking Down Barriers', 'Fascist Faces', sinister L.A. rock blues in  'Heart In the Right Place', experimental classical suites, good singing  &amp; writing, make this his best since 'Captain Fantastic'.  It sounds  like they actually took some time in recording this record, overall the  musicianship and arrangements are excellent, and the guitar work would not  be out of place on a steely dan album.  (Actually some steely dan members  do play on this album)But at the time, pap like Air Supply, Juice  Newton, and overall silliness were riding high on the charts, and EJ was  perceived as a fading dinosaur, as was ELO with their similarly neglected  Time album.  He didn't get this creative again until &quot;Made In  England&quot;.
21 at 33 was an omen of something great to come.  And that was, of course, Elton's 1981 release The Fox.  This is, probably tied with Tumbleweed Connection, Elton's least commercial album.  But this is no Tumbleweed.  Instead, Elton seemed to be showing us what he could do, going from the rollicking Breaking Down Barriers to the synth-extravaganza that is Nobody Wins (the album's low point) to the beauty of Carla-Etude.  The introspective Elton's Song is one of the albums strongest songs, despite a few moments of lyrical stupidity.  Elton still wasn't writing every song with Bernie at this point, but with the exception of Chloe and Breaking Down Barriers (both with lyrics by Gary Osborne) the John/Taupin compositions are the best on the album.  The sound of this album is so unique, it's become one of my favorites.  Somehow he's managed to put a little bit of everything into these nine songs, and they flow.  Sadly, this was Elton's 80's peak.  It's all downhill from here.
I Luv this album! We start with with"Breakin'Down Barriers"&then we sway to"Heart's In The Right Place"YEAH! "Just LikeBelgium"is cute."Nobody Wins"was an overlooked 45 & I dig it!Another anthem!"Facist Faces" Side 2 starts with the instros"Carla/Etude"Next:"Chloe"(What cha gonna do 'bout me?)"Heels ofthe Wind" is a dancer. Followed by "Elton's Song"Very Sweet &touching, We conclude with "The Fox" Like it or not! No.I Love it!~~~of corse!!!
I'm not sure why this album, which I originally purchased on a cassette that I completely wore out wasn't a huge hit. EVERY song on this album is fantastic. Released in 1981 on vinyl and cassette only, this album, which I now own on cd is brilliant. I own everything Elton has released over the years and I have to say this album is right up there with Captain Fantastic and Goodbye Yellow Brick Road. The songs are complex and upbeat for the most part. The few ballads are gorgeous. If you like Elton John, you will love this cd. Standouts include "Breaking Down Barriers" and "Just Like Belgium" and "Chloe," but I LOVE every song on this cd and still listen to it regularly. Buy it and you won't be sorry.
I always loved this album, thank God its now a CD.  Glad I found it again.
I had this album when it was just that.. a vinyl album.. Wore it out front and back.. I love everything about it.. every cut, every lyric, every note... I missed it for years, then found it again here at Amazon and just can't wait to hear it agan.
I have this on vinyl, and had been wanting to find a copy on CD... This is one of my favorite EJ albums!
This collection from 1981 has nearly gone unnoticed, probably due to the lack of input from Bernie Taupin.  It is filled with great uptempo, complex arrangments like, "Breaking Down Barriers" and"Fascist Faces".  "Just Like Belgium" is one of Elton's most upbeat romantic songs since the mid-seventies and "Carla/Etude/Fanfare" (which runs into) "Chloe" is a testament to Elton John's creativity.  However, the best song on the album and the only single, "Nobody Wins" beats out the rest for arrangment, lyrics and heartfelt tearjerking.  Amazingly, this single is omitted from all collections.  I wish someone would explain this mystery to me.
This album rates in my opinion as the best of all Elton John's albums and it continues to amaze me that it is not being re-released on CD.The album is a fine mix of pop and easy listening tunes with tracks like &quot;Nobody Wins&quot; and &quot;Facist Faces&quot; offset by &quot;Carla/Etude/Fanfare&quot;, &quot;Chloe&quot; and the classic title track &quot;The Fox&quot;We only see the rare appearance of &quot;Fanfare&quot; and &quot;Chloe&quot; on complilations.If you find a copy then grab it!
"The Fox" can simply be categorized as two different efforts delivered on one album.  Titles 1 through 5 are reminiscent of some of the weaker efforts that Elton John produced in the late 70's.  However, tracks 6 through 10 are emotional and moving pieces that have withstood the test of time.  They are reminiscent of some of the best work that John has ever recorded.  Tracks 6 through 10 will stir your emotions as you listen to some of the most poignant, classic and soulful music produced in our lifetime.  "The Fox" is a must buy for your music collection!
Obviously by the time this album was released, Elton's magic was somehow disappearing as far as sales &amp; popularity were concerned. However it's a lame excuse for the performance of this album in sales based on it's contents. Perhaps it was because this was the first U.S. album for a new label for Sir? Anyone who has had the pleasure of listening to this album or who is even lucky enough to own it knows what I mean. Beethoven is a distant cousin to Sir when it comes to the beautiful masterpiece of Carla Etude. Makes you wish Sir would record and entire cd with him on the piano accompanied by an orchestra (although &quot;live in Australia&quot; comes close. Some of the other pop-rock tracks on this album are musical gems to be discovered with great pleasure I might add. Breaking down barriers is as demonic (piano wise) as &quot;burn down the mission&quot;. &quot;Heart in the right place is so spiteful &amp; downright nasty, &quot;nobody wins&quot; becomes a classic Elton single (one of the rare not written by Sir but he makes it his own), &quot;... faces is scary but so downright bitchy (the vocal arrangement &amp; effect is so haunting), &quot;chloe is perhaps one of Elton's most beautiful but not most successful love singles, &quot;the fox&quot; is such a great melodic rendition of Sir's 2nd best talent his &quot;Vocal Extraordinaire&quot; is highlighted here as in so many more songs. This album is worth it if only for half of the songs mentionned previously. &quot;Check it out&quot;
Look we all know these guys suck, and they ruined some great tunes, but lets face it these guys put their heart and soul into this project and there has to be something said for that.Life is about being happy and having fun, and thats what you hear in this CD. SO how can it be bad? Yeah they screwed up the songs and they sound bad, but its not about that.If anything it helps us realize how good the goo goo dolls really are, and thats what I find good about this CD.This CD sucking has just helped me to not take for granted the great originals that we all know and love.I would never buy this with your money. I would buy something illegal like drugs or sex with that money before I wasted it on this crap.
Celebration has been around for a little while, now, and I've been a fan for years. Let that taint this review as it will.The bottom line is that Celebration isn't for everyone. The band will never be played on mainstream radio, and they'll never have a top 40 hit. Not with albums like 2005's debut,Celebration. And the new album,Modern Tribebuilds on the buried, piercing vocals and frenetic compositions of its predecessor.Imagine taking Sonic Youth and Blonde Redhead and putting them in a cage with a wolverine. That's Celebration. The new album just kind of adds a little violence. You wouldn't want 'em getting tame, now, would you?
featuring Sami Yaffa as Producer and Bassist (New York Dolls, Hanoi Rocks, Mad Juana) Frank Ferrer,Drums (Guns N'Roses, Psychedelic Furs) Christine Smith Keyboards, BG Vocals (Jesse Malin, Ryan Adams) Karmen Guy BG Vocals (Mad Juana)and a Rowdy rogues gallery Friends and fellow Criminals.Richard Bacchus and the Luckiest Girls mix the sparkle and boogie of T. Rex with the sleazy street wise sneer of the New York Dolls and top it off with a healthy dose of angst-ridden punk pop in the vein of the Buzzcocks and the Pixies. Bacchus' tunes remind one of the concise rock n' roll narratives of Chuck Berry's Maybelline or Memphis, TN set within a vivid "Mean Streets" environment worthy of the best of Gansta Rap (Biggie, Wu-Tang) ; a demi-monde populated by beautiful losers, hustlers with hearts of gold and all manner of angels or demons, now flightless from flying too close to the sun.Onstage they erupt with a rollicking joie de vivre in almost flagrant flouting of the often darkly poingant subject matter. Informed by every rock record from Howlin' Wolf to Franz Ferdinand they seem to say "we're all stuck down here together, so let's have a good time.-Rev.Timmy James
I never really listened to Grace Jones back when she was popular.  I'm like that with a lot of artists, a late listener!  When I saw this album on sale on Amazon I listened to the samples and loved it!  Her covers are bizarre and original and her own songs are fantastic!  liked it so much I bought a few more of her albums, Hurricane, Warm Leatherette, Living My Life and Slave To The Rhythm, which is basically remixes of the one song.
Grace is the Queen!!! One of her best!  This record is one of the ones that defined the 80s!! Pure Classic!!
A rabid Grace Jones fan so I was thrilled when this remastered version of this classic album was released it sounds incredible!
this is one of my favorite albums ever. i don't know what that other person is talking about. i think dandi wind is a talented music outfit, entwining elements of punk, electronic, and tribal music. I think the lyrics to kindergarten cop display an alarming political message about bush and the patriot act. My friend has compared their sound to Mindless Self Indulgence, which is an interesting analogy. The loud, thrashy electro sound can be compared to MSI but I think it's a bad way to describe it otherwise. I cannot set this album down for as long as I've listened to it. I still find it fresh, provocative, and cutting edge.
I bought the version of this album that also includes the DVD video shot during the Winter Music Conference in Miami Beach. The Music compilation is awesome and the video is very entertaining! Includes club scenes, South Beach street scenes, and a good review of events during the WMC. I have reservations for WMC 2010. Buy this album!
I love this album. I love this band. Great vocals and great sound. I think the best song is Hollow.
Great album. Ahead of it's time! It obviously influenced so much music after that. Doesn't even compare so much of what is out there now. Long live the 80s lol!
There is a sweetness and an honesty these guys play with.  Their music always makes me smile even though I think they are trying to be sad :)
Charlotte Martin is my favourate ever artist.... and I am not just saying that... she really has a voice that can send shivers down your spine and haunt your mind well after you have finished listening to the song. Also the very best thing about whatever charlotte Martin sings is that, unlike many other songs that come and go, it is very hard to get sick of her vioce and the songs she sings, and all of them are enjoyable, unlike many albums where it is just 3 or 4 songs that are goodMy favourates on the album would have to be.elderly women behind the counter in a small town.Cherry Coloured Funk.Obstacle 1.Chocolate.Just like heavenand constant craving
Too many cover albums simply rehash the original songs without adding anything to them. This disc is a nice exception.  Martin has chosen a wide range of songs and adds her own unique style to them. Hearing "Just Like Heaven" redone as a piano ballad is a treat worth the price of the disc alone.
I would recommend this album to anyone who is interested in the group, Feindflug.  This deployment of an album aims right and hits hard even 14 years after its initial release!  I am glad to purchase this album and I cannot wait for their forthcoming album that is coming soon.I also recommend all of their other albums as well.  GET THEM!
I really don't know who to compare this band to. They have a very unique sound, I want to classify their sound as lullaby rock because tracks like Hortur are so mellow and relaxing.
Nice collection for those who have simply enjoyed The Bravery's past and present singles. Somewhat like a "best of...so far" package, as a cheap & legal MP3 download! Also recommended as a fine introduction to The Bravery, for anyone who hasn't heard them yet.
Proof that the record industry is dead. Araby should be as big as Coldplay. Cliff Rawson is an amazing songwriter. Check out his other band Ladycop. Actually, Araby split up into 2 awesome bands. Ladycop and Appomattox. Araby, Ladycop and Appomattox should be household names. But no, you all get lady gaga instead.Buy this recording.
We don't get paid for anyone downloading our music and we have NO idea where the money (if any) GOES!!![...]Also we have a NEW CD out now on Scarey Records in Italy...it's much better!you can buy it online via paypal.thanks!(new album being written and recorded)
Odd timings and structures are most prominent in this release. I love how the drums and bass create a groove that is almost independent of the rest. The sonic explosions are melodic yet dark and brooding at times, almost akin to D&auml;lek's dark melodies. Definitely pick this up to hear one of the more unique post-shoegazing acts.
Mark Linkous and company turned the amps up to 11 on this live three song blast. The vocals are fantastically distorted and the guitars sound like they are made out of metal. It's a welcome treat and proof of Mark's ability to really crank it up when he saw fit. I only hope that there are many more Sparklehorse gems like this in the archives that will see the light of day in the future. We lost Mark Linkous way too soon...long may he be remembered.
It's hard to find the perfect combination of lo-fi and pitch perfect all in one, but The Parish manage to deliver. This is the type of album you turn up, muse over and keep on your playlist.
I first saw Bass Nacho at Ultra Music Festival in Miami and he was amazing.He had a huge crowd  with everyone going nuts to his hybrid reggae ,drum and Bass, hip hop mix.I saw him again at Creamfields and the same thing!This was the first mp3 I have bought from Bass Nacho and it captures then raw energy of his shows with his crazy music.Fantastic stuff!!
Soaring, unearthly vocals and ethereal sounds are the essence of Rosewater's Faint. Melissa has a phenomenal voice and Jeremy is a brilliant composer. I had the good fortune in the `90's to see these geniuses live in Florida, their home state. If you gravitate to artists on the 4AD label (Dead Can Dance, Cocteau Twins, This Mortal Coil) you'll probably dig Rosewater. Jeremy's other music projects are Underwater and allegra gellar on Predator Friendly Records.
This was an excellent purchase from a great SKA group!! Love all the music and wish I had purchased sooner!
These arrangements almost sound Broadway-worthy.  The arrangements definitely have the scope of a major production.  The songs just sound "big".  The tunes are catchy and the lyrics are clever.  This is probably the closest I've seen to a modern "horn-rock".  I would definitely recommend this album to anyone that likes ska, rock, or really just good music.  I want to get more of their albums.
That's just the way it goes in a ska band!Great album, very good for dancing in the car :P
I never heard of this band, just found them here on Amazon and clicked on a few of their tunes. I ended up downloading 20 great songs. Unfortunately, I see on their website they decided to call it quits, but at least you can still get this entrancing music here. They have a quality that reminds me of Sigur Ros but a little more down to earth and accessible. Quite relaxing and enjoyable to sing along with if you're like me.
Nashville punk rock band "On Command" made one of the best pure punk rock records in the history of me. This record embodies all that is great about punk rock. As a collector of all styles of music and a fan of punk rock since 1986 I can easily say that this record is fast and dangerous! It rates up there with punk rock legends like G.B.H., Misfits, and Exploited. This record is not radio-friendly or for fans of radio-friendly "punk rock". I could go on, but there is no need for that. If you like real punk rock do yourself a favor and download this hidden gem. Who knows how long it will be available on Amazon.
De La Hoya was a one of a kind band.  It is actually painful to know that kids growing up nowadays aren't going to get a chance to see this band live.  the next best thing is to buy this cd.  It is honest, heart filled music that makes a point.
sasha has the voice and they got the beat to make this album worth the money.i dig jahcoozi and i dig bln.
I just got home from seeing Orin and Sasha live at Decibel Festival in Seattle. O.M.G. They TORE IT UP! They did the last set of a LONG night, starting around 1am and they didn't just _guide_ the crowd up to their feet, they reached out and YANKED them up high! Very nice... VERY VERY nice.If you like the studio mixes, wait until you see them vibe off of a live crowd.KILLER!THANK YOU GUYS!
A staple for any Ohio State fan prior to "The Game."  Going to college in Michigan, my friends thought this album was both hilarious and catchy.  Even if you hate the Buckeyes you have to respect the dedication of a band willing to go on stage dressed as Woody Hayes.Their lyrics are pretty crass, but undeniably clever.  Anyone who refuses to chant "Wide Left" during "The Ballad of Mike Lantry" literally has no soul.
Probably the greatest album in the history of mankind.  Has been known to cure cancer.  Also, infuriates people who lost the Civil War.If you don't like it you're (A)a Neo-Nazi (B) a whore from Michigan (C) a fan of the South Eastern Circlejerk or (D) all of the above
These songs are all good. I mean it. None of them suck. Besides, I have observed that MDR's music appeals to a wide swathe of the human population. In these days of divisive public policy and partisan rancor, do we not deserve a rock band with such broad appeal? For instance, if you fall into any of the following categories, you may find that the musical stylings of Middle Distance Runner are the thing for which you have been hankering:- strange, unkempt guitar-playing high school mathematics teachers- debt-ridden graduate students studying dead languages- the estranged second sons of exotic foreign royalty- people who like the smell of gasoline- anyone who actually beat the game "Ghosts n' Goblins" for the NES
It is clear that Middle Distance Runner has their priorities straight:  songwriting, performance and production.  This is masterfully crafted music, from the unique but familiar compositions to the spirited and sincere performances.  These guys love making music, and I love listening to it.  Each song leaves me thirsty for more.  This is my vote for Best EP of the Year, and a contender for Best EP of the Last Five Years (if such an award existed).
Thank God for releases like this - My 12", L.P.'s and Tapes are not at hand at the moment - plus I would have to buy a turn table, tape deck and get these onto the ipod.If you already know the bands then this can't be beat - especially for the price.Wish I was 17-19 again, and they would re-release some Man from Delmonte.
I love all of the Kitsun&eacute; Maison compilations, this one is definitely GREAT!!!  I've added about half the songs to my &#34; * * * PLUS&#34; mix!!!
I randomly discovered this album on Pandora and HAD TO HAVE IT! It has tons of amazing remixes of many of my favorite songs. Amazon.com is the ONLY place I could find where I could purchase this French compilation. All of the others are great as well ( I think there are 10?) but this is my favorite.
I have been in love with kitsune maison for a while now. This label seems to never let me down when it comes to new music
I love the scene that loves itself.  I love to shoegaze.  I love over the top sounds.  I want more of this stuff.
One of the great undiscovered talents of underground pop music, The Cleaners from Venus (led by Martin Newell) churned out hummable, witty and literate lo-fi guitar-pop on a series of limited-release cassettes(!!!) and records to the unresponsive music buying public of the 1980's. A mix of the Fab Four, the Kinks, XTC and Syd Barrett, Newell's songs captured the drama and humor of working-class English life in "Drowning Butterflies" and "Julie Profumo," skewered Margaret Thatcher on "Victoria Grey," and were otherwise generally low-rent but high-reward pop confections (from the goofy "I Was a Teenage Idiot Dancer," the shimmering "Albion's Daughter" and "Mercury Girl," to the euphoric "Let's Get Married") that might have been all over the radio in another fairer, alternate universe. This compilation tells only a fraction of the story, however, as the selections are drawn entirely from the three records that the band made in proper studios; nothing is included from their many more characteristically lo-fi cassette-only releases, which made up for in raw pop charm what they may have lacked in fidelity. So that means many of the band's truly great moments are not here, or are here in slightly more produced (read: less inspired) form. But that's a small price to pay for making these gems available; it's certainly better to hear the Cleaners in this form than not to have heard them at all [NOTE: the final four tracks are not songs, but spoken word excerpts from a Martin Newell memoir].
I say this as someone who knows no other god than Bowie. Indeed, it was Savior that first made me aware of Kristeen Young. Savior is a good song, and would easily be a welcome replacement for at least half of the songs on Bowie's 2003 Reality album.But if Bowie released something like Breasticles in 2003 instead of Reality we'd hear something like &#8220;the hard edged sound that David Bowie brought with Outside and Earthling finally breaks through to greatness&#8221;.Kristeen Young is the most amazingly talent musician that you've probably never heard. As is commonly noted, she knows no genre or boundaries. Comparisons are difficult, but Bowie, Bj&ouml;rk, Siouxsie & the Banshees come to mind. Artists where the primary force is vocal, sonically and lyrically, and where the main instrument is not-a-guitar. She's what I wished The Killers would be, what I wished Jane's Addiction would have been. Indeed, if you can imagine that Perry Farrell and Dave Navarro were one person who played the keyboard instead of the guitar, you'd have something like Kristeen Young. On this album at least.Breasticles is the hardest album, musically, from a hard-minded artist. Yes, there is no doubt that Kristeen Young wants to be more popular (and that she should be), but she's not going to change her music to get there. It is very much tilted toward the metallic side of rock but at the same time the rock-solid side of hip-hop, and it swings.Kristeen Young is intelligent, complex, imaginative, and obstinate. Buy Breasticles. Buy all of her albums. But Breasticles is a fine gateway drug to what may become a daily addiction.Oh, and rhymes with &#8220;popsicles&#8221; not &#8220;Heracles&#8221;.
I bought this album after listening to a five second sample of one song and I've never regretted it.  They remind me of what the Pogues must have been like if you could understand Shane MacGowan.  Or maybe The Tossers without any trace of regret.  This is a fun, high-energy album with interesting lyrics -- exactly what I look for in music I listen to while I run.If you like The Pogues, Dropkick Murphys and Flogging Molly you won't regret getting this.
One of the best Irish punk albums.  Can't say enough good things about this album.  But where are they now?  Seriously we need another album!!
I came to these boys through the film "Indoctrinate-U" and fell in love with their "Shut Up and Teach" right away.  At that time, as a conservative and college student, I understood all to well the problem of indoctrination in the classroom and their song was a wonderful pick-me-up every time I started feeling down.I realize that these artists will not be popular among liberal circles.  I think it's fantastic - give them some of their own for a change.  I get sick of not being able to listen to music I enjoy without being assaulted by political beliefs that are against everything I know to be right, and it's great to have a change of pace.  I hope The Right Brothers inspire other conservative musicians to speak up and step up.
Liberals everywhere! Do you desire to learn how the conservative mind works, without having to bother researching those pesky "facts" and learn difficult to digest "common sense"? Well now you can. For less than 10 dollars, even the most dimwitted liberal can fathom the conservative ideologies instantly!But in all seriousness, this is a great CD. The Right Brothers don't exactly break any new ground as far as their instrumentals go, except with regard to their versatility. One track can sound like punk rock, while another may sound like country, and everywhere in between.But the main area where The Right Brothers shine is definitely in their lyrical talent. Their lyrics are extremely catchy, and convey the conservative message strongly. Perhaps too strongly as some of their songs are rather controversial.Another important note. These guys are conservatives, but they're not afraid to attack Republicans either. In their song "The List", a song about the liberals they can't stand, an entire verse is dedicated to Republicans who stray from the traditionally conservative beliefs of the party. Among that list is 2008 Republican presidential nominee John McCain.Ironically, the most well-known single on the album, "Bush Was Right", I feel is also the weakest song on the album, and the most outdated today. My favorite songs from this album are "The List", "Stop Global Whining" and "Shut Up and Teach". The most surprising song on the album is "I'm in Love with Ann Coulter", which seems to be a parody of every love song ever written. It's a hilarious track, and I still can't figure out whether they were sincere with that song or just kidding around.All in all, this CD is great. Every true conservative owes it to themselves to buy it. Play it when your liberal friends are around. It'll melt their brains. That is, if they have any.
These guys are great!  I heard of them through Andrew Wilkow on the Sirius Patriot channel and was awed to finally hear some good musicians making a stand against the liberals.  Buy this album!
Everything they sing about is true. All you have to do is listen to it. Really wish they would put out some new material. This two guys are really good at running thru the different genres.
I honestly haven't heard the whole album but what I have heard has been a good analysis of American politics.  Leave it to Liberals however to mock it rather than post an intelligent argument.
Great addition to any slightly dysfunctional Christmas! Good variety of artists, too! Definitely helps get me through Christmas season with the family ;-)
Sleepwalker is aptly named. It sounds like a dream; almost real but you never quite get a hold of it. It's a slowly swirling foggy night with a bright full moon. Except you look down and there's no earth beneath your feet.The first three tracks are phenomenal, and really the album could have ended there and I'd be quite satisfied. The last two are good too, but totally different, and perhaps too straightforward to achieve the same muted brilliance as the opening trilogy. Meno Mony Falls sounds a bit like what you would get if you added a drum machine to Godspeed You! Black Emperor, though it lacks any of the complexity of a GY!BE piece. Of Nature is an appropriately subdued ending to the album, but isn't particularly memorable.Of course, this being an MP3 purchase, you could just buy the first three tracks and be done with it. But I'm still fixated on the album format in general, and I definitely suggest that this one be consumed as a whole. It has the sweet-spot length of right around forty minutes and a rise-and-fall action that would be missed if taken in pieces.If you like Mogwai, Sigur Ros, M83, Epic45, My Bloody Valentine, fourcolor, Slowdive, Four Tet, Stars of the Lid, or anything else that's some combination of warped, droning, spacey, and distorted then you'll probably like this. And if you like this (or some of those) and haven't listened to one or more of those other bands, check 'em out! They're great.
It's really slow-moving and calm, so if thats not your thing don't get this, but its super spacey and very well constructed. Long sweeping building kinda arrangements. Short and sweet. It's a little more interesting than Faunts newest in my opinion.
I love the Platters. They were popular when I was young!I would recommend it to anyone!It is great!
I love Weekend.  I wished they had released more albums.  This is just some demos that appear on La Variete.
who doesnt love a hidden track? Big Ass Truck is the best unknown band from Memphis, had reuinion show this year that I would have flown across the country to see had I known about it.
I own Hands Across the Void and like it very much so I pleased to find this on amazon.  I don't really know anything about the album but the recordings sound a bit rougher than HATV but I feel like it gives this album a little more character and I actually think I like this one better.  I picked it up last week and have probably listened to it about 30 times since.  The music is very minimal but Fortino's voice is so unique, soothing, intelligent, manic and sad it hardly needs any accompaniment at all (I wonder what would happen if she broke away from normal acoustic guitar, not that I am complaining).  My personal favorite is "The Book" and I also like the weird flange that is incorporated in "Yesterday."  I just wish there was a lyric sheet, liner notes or something that could provide more info about this album.  the recordings have so much character it makes me wonder where it was recorded and how.  I haven't seen any mention of it anywhere.  The lyrics are both devastating and oddly optimistic (sometimes).  If you are a fan of Hands Across the Void I can't imagine why you wouldn't download this weird and random album!! What are you waiting for?!?!!?
Why Have You Gone Mad is an incredible album.  It is my favorite of 2007.  It is a combination of indie gems that bring to mind Band of Horses or The Shins.  These guys met their demise way too young (read their bio at [...] hopefully the beauty of the music can be rekindled with a reunion.
I heard this show on Wolfgang's Vault just tripping through their stuff, and suddenly I remembered what a majorly great 90's band was The Throwing Muses!!!  This show is raw, in your face, and majesterial rock 'n roll all the way through the set. It's great because it has that TM quality of feeling like it's all going to fall apart at any second, but it keeps moving on and arrives breathless at the finish. Powerful, strange, hypnotic, elemental -- yet somehow elegant, this band's music grabs you, throws you to the ground, tazes you, yanks you to your feet, and plants a big wet one on ya -- It's quite an experience!!!  I was amazed at just how gripping this show was. Loved it!!!
FirepileSnailheadFishFearHate My WayVicTakeTellerBeaSoap & WaterSay GoodbyeTwo StepCatch a Falling StarMania
Victoria Mazze is a modern-day musical goddess to add to the already awe-inspiring pantheon which includes Sharon den Adel (of course!), Tarja Turunen, Maya Von Doll, Tori Amos, Joanna Newsom, The Mediaeval Baebes et al.Despite having owned this album for about a year, I've never really managed to progress beyond Disc 1. That is because it is such a perfect melding of truly divine songwriting, melody, riffs, sexuality, sensuality and spirituality! Sure, Victoria is the heart and soul of the band, but the other musicians are also exemplary. The lyrics and songscapes are, by turns, dark, brooding, uplifting, ecstatic, highly symbolic... and overall an epic hymn to female energy.Personal faves include Closer, Haunted, Secrets, Redemption, Blessed... hell, they're ALL fantastic songs.You simply can't afford to bypass this unique, fascinating, edgy, magical band with a faorce-of-Nature frontwoman!
I first heard about the Divine Madness in college when a friend of mine was working to promote them in Dallas. I was instantly interested and was excited to get a copy of this album when it was first released. I have since had the songs in my itunes library now and never get tired of hearing one when the shuffle brings it up. I am glad to know that they have a second album out, and if their interesting mix of gothic and ballad survives, I hope they can push through to the future. Definitely an album worth buying for the great mix and nice change from the bland pop on the radio currently.
This amazing & ambitious 2-CD debut didn't hook me immediately, but after a few listens it grew on me to the point of addiction. Victoria Mazze's vocal range varies from breathy & sensual to operatic. The music is also ambient, dark, mysterious & at times passionate.There aren't any disappointing filler tracks; standout songs include Secrets, Haunted, Redemption, Show Me, Dirty, Mia, Until The Break Of Day and Closer, which could've been easily a top-40 hit if TDM had major-label backing; it certainly should be more famous than it is.The sound is similar to Evanescence, but without the overwrought melodrama. One could also compare TDM to the best of Siouxsie & the Banshees' Tinderbox, Peepshow & The Rapture era.Unfortunately, about 1/2 the band members have left, but I have faith that Ms. Mazze & TDM will carry on with new members. They are way too talented not to.
THE RINGERS WILL ROCK YOUR FACE OFF!They did mine, and a couple other streetwalkers I know. Sometimes at a Ringers show i feel my body moving to that filthy greasy resonance, on the verge of cracking, out from the marrow!! So i Shake, Juke, Juant, Cut, Slice and Step out of Line until i'm sweaty and spent...geez, finally...it will suck you in...dirty, sexy, fun...serious Rock and Roll...check out their [...]you'll be hearing more about these guys...
The Ringers sound a little punk, taste sorta like indie but feel like pure rock. This album starts strong and finishes harder, highly recommended.
This is the type of music that real emotion tends to swell up inside anyone that hears it. Watson and Edge really made such a musical impact upon me. During the 80's I lived in Colorado and saw them perform live twice. CD's were just coming out and all that they had for sale was purchased: 'Catharsis' & 'Tears of Joy', except their Christmas album was still cassette only! It was great to see that an MP3 format is available to my old time favorite.The musical expression is organic, not mechanical. Every slight musical hesitation heard is visually joined with Malcolm's bow, his face filled with delight and Jefferey's hands lightly playing the strings of his guitar.Those that never saw the flamboyant, elegant and bright Malcolm Watson and the quiet, dark headed guitarist Jefferey Edge performing will never get the full visual memory and music that is forever joined in all those that saw them perform live. However, the music is peaceful, but has energy and is worth downloading.
What a beautiful voice, but there is much more here. Devon plays a fine guitar, the rhythmic accompaniment is well thought out and tight. The lyrics are sweet, poetic, friendly, and kind! The chord progressions are complex and jazzy without being over the top.This recording is difficult to match. I highly recommend it.
I always think that the best way to write a music review is to quote heavily from the lyrics. It doesn't give you a good sense of the music itself, but can any written review really do that? Hey, you're right here on Amazon -- if you want to know what the music sounds like, preview a few of the songs. So here's one of my most favorite bits from "Keep Your Silver Shined," just one of the beautiful love poems to life that appear on this beautiful album. If you like it, just know that the music is at least as good.Back home I've got a couple friendsWe drink together on the weekendsWe keep our nails trimmed and fingers tough.I've got a felt hat collection,A dresser drawer to put my pants in.What, oh, what more could a woman want?I want an overhaul for my guitar,A clawfoot tub and a shiny car.Piles of fruit and a fully stocked bar.Money for a flight out west,I want cute shoes and a vintage dress,New houses for all my relatives!I want to land in a tugging hand:A youthful band with a youthful plan.I want to wait and take my time,All my time, and keep my silver shined.
I love Visiter, but I like this better.  The drumming is amazing, and Meric Long's lyrics are spot on.  I would buy this for Neighbors and The Ball alone.  Each song is like a little vignette.
I already have all the other cd's from this band.  My oldest son turned me on to their music.  I was a teen in the 1970's and as I have grown older I have really enjoyed all the varied music coming out from the 'indie' bands.  This group never disappoints.  Some albums are more alike than others, but each one has many songs that become my favorites.
I love this album....  really great writing, and certainly shows how technical of a finger-style guitar player Meric Long is. There is a wide interval between this album and their more recent albums, but I really enjoy the folk aspect of it ... and the Fahey inspired guitar styles ....8 thumbs up to the DoDos on this one ....Highly recommended to all.
Without a doubt,the BEST unknown hardcore band from the 80's!!! It is more than obvious that many bands of today are heavily influenced by this bunch.Too bad that alot of bands cover(steal) Y-Di songs without even giving them credit.Often immitated,but never copied!!! NOBODY can copy their fury!!! Buy the real versions and catch them live(if you're lucky)
Let's face it. YDI (pronounced "why die") from Philadelphia were just too unnervingly extreme for their time. It's taken decades of tape traders, zine fanatics, harcore historians, collector fanactics, and the small handful who actually saw YDI in action in roughly '82-'85, to bring YDI into the consciousness of today's hardcore participants of all ages and function (fan, band member, zine/blog contributor, show promoter, etc.). I wasn't lucky enough to see YDI but I was lucky enough to hear their EP and some raw live recordings on tape in the 90's. At that time YDI was NOT even close to as well known and respected for their contribution as they thankfully are today. Occassionally I'd meet someone who had heard them or of them, but this was rareYDI finally got their recognition with the releaase of this collection (which is for all intensive purposes a discography of the band) and with the inclusion of classic footage of YDI featured in the documentary American Hardcore (spawned out of the interest in Steven Blush's oral history of the same title which valiantly attepted to cover every scene which existed in the early-80's, like Philadelphia, and the bands which were attached to them at the time). Many have said that YDI was Philly's NEGATIVE APPROACH. Yes, there are similarities in John Brannon (vocalist of N.A.) and YDI vocalist Panther's approach. They bother took hardcore vocalizing to a level of aggression matched to this day only by a handful. But there is a HUGELY important difference between the two bands and their enraged vocalists. Despite Brannon's scowl and savage vocals, NEGATIVE APPROACH's Oi scene. This dynamic allowed the audience to feel a participant in Brannon's rage. YDI on the other hand seemed walled off. If you got too close to Panther's catharsis you may just end up injured. Not that the band were violent people, but the music and lyrics were so peronally existentially devastating that one would have a hard time calling the band "fun". Whereas, a hundred kids singin along to "Ready To Fight" at a N. APPROACH gig most certainly was the epitome of the group hardcore experience. One need only see the footage of YDI performing "Enemy For Life" in American Hardcore to understand.Musically, YDI were raw. Their production standards were often a bit lacking. But these flaws meant little as the music was so intense. I never quite agreed with those who called YDI (and NEGATIVE APPROACH) "hate-core". It's a tempting tag but with it brings too many questions. YDI were fronted by an African American (still a rarity in the early 80's). Maybe an element of latent racism prevented YDI from receiving the accolades they deserved long ago. More likely, it was simply that like SIEGE (a very different band) YDI were simply too intense and ahead of their time. They weren't the fastest band by any means (certainly not as fast as SIEGE, D.R.I., M.D.C., NEGATIVE FX, DEEP WOUND, etc.), but the sheer POWER and aggression made them seem SO fast (don't get me wrong, YDI was fast). YDI were RAGING. Like VOID, somehow it all came together...Lyriclly, this was one pissed off band as tunes like "Mad At The World", "Out For Blood", "Snarling Hate", "Enemy For Life", "Get Up And Fight" etc. aptly demonstrate. The guitars were chaotic but managed to capture a special thickness many other bands of the era were unable to find. The drumming was solid, with some killer tempo changes (YDI used tempo-changes just masterfully), and the necessary will to hold the whole bundle of rage together.First off, this disc contains YDI's absolutely awesome 15 track demo from early '83. This is seriously one of the greatest hardcore demo tapes ever recorded. Had those rip-off artists at Lost & Found bootlegged this in the early 90's who knows, it may not have taken until Oct. 16th 2007 (Oct. 16th is my birthday and man, this collection is the best gift I could have imagined)to get a proper YDI collection. Much like NEGATIVE FX's classic recordings this demo just tears from song to song like an outta control freight train of hate, anger, and nihilism leaving the listener brutalized and battered. This is the birth of power-violence....The sound quality of the demo is actually quite good (in some ways better than "Place In The Sun" EP). The guitars sound like they're being blayed on max-overdrive through amps that someone has stabbed...Suffice to say, the guitar tone is AWESOME!!! At times if even sounds like the guitars are slightly down-tuned (a technique which the band would utilize on their "Black Dust" LP) which adds an element of heaviness to the YDI sound which is lacking in many other hardcore bands of the era (BLACK FLAG brilliantly captured this heaviness repeatedly, particularly on the "Six Pack" EP & the unreleased '82 Sessions with drummer Chuck Biscuits). YDI also deliver some extremely unique guitarwork. For example, the song "Why Die" relies on a dominant yet quirky guitar lead throughout the tune in addition to some mega-heavy riffage. Panther's vocals are just awe-inspiring. The sheer passion and rage with which he delivers "Mad At The World" is just hair-raising. No description can do it justice, so just check out the lyrics:"Look into my eyes and what do you see,That I'm not normal, you can believe.Savage fury, uncontrollable rageI'm gonna put you into the grave.Visions of murder run rampant through my mind,Death to all humankind.(CHORUS)I'm mad, mad, mad at the world,mad mad mad at the world.No money, no family, no home, no job, no life, no nothing...I'm mad, mad, mad at the world,I'm ugly, I'm poor, I'm awkward, I'm nothing..."-YDI "Mad At The World" (1983)Next up is YDI's legendary 10-song "Place In The Sun" 7" EP from 1983. Every track is featured on the demo (different versions of course) however, for a debut vinyl release the sound isn't that hot. The demo in some ways actually sounds better! But thanks to the loving care put into this release and the wonders of technology, "Place In The Sun" sounds quite good (the best it will ever sound). But what it lacks in perfect sound it more than makes up for in sheer audacity. Easily one of the most brutal 7" records ever pressed. The performance is simply scary.Following the classic "Place In The Sun" EP are YDI's two infamous tracks from the most famous Philadelphia hardcore comp., 1983's "Get Off My Back" LP. YDI's tracks, the savage "Enemy For Life" (truly as good as hardcore gets) and "I Killed My Family" (cousin to The F.U.'s "Ode To Larry Joe" or debut-era SUICIDAL TENDENCIES but actually sounding like it was recorded just minutes after Panther and the boys off-ed their relatives), a slower, grinding tune which would point to the direction of the bands future.The final release on this awesome collection is the controversial, uncategorizable, genre-bending, psychotic, and genuinely disturbing "Black Dust" LP from 1985 (like "Place In The Sun" released on Blood Bubble Records). Some have dismissed "Black Dust" as YDI gone metal. I'm a heavy metal AND hardcore fanatic and "Black Dust" ain't a metal album. Just because something is crushingly heavy (riff-wise or emotionally) doesnt make it metal. "Black Dust" is a disturbed 11 track LP which sounds unlike anything else recorded up to that point(with the possible exceptions of the BLACK FLAG tune "Damaged" and SIEGE's "Grim Reaper"). The lyrics are violent, nihilistic, drug-addled, and the music sounds like doom-hardcore (like something GRIEF or EYEHATEGOD might have heard in their early years). I love it!!! There aren't any of the 30 second thrash-a-thons like many of the demo and EP tracks, instead the tunes are 3-4 minutes long and seriously painful with wrenching, over-fuzzed guitars (that at times sound positively wicked), brutal vocals, heinous lyrical content, and slamming drums. But underneath "Black Dust's" completely uninviting exterior lay an album of subtle brilliance and potentially WAY ahead of its time stylings. From a crossover perspective I think "Black Dust" deserves a serious re-examination and one could make a STRONG argument that it deserves to be recognized as a primitive death metal album (just listen to "Bloodletting", "Haunted House", "Get Out", etc.). I'll leave it up to each of you to decide for yourselves...Although, I think all (both hardcore fans and fans of early death metal) will agree that LP opener "Not Without A Fight" is flat-out awesome!Another aspect of this release is its simply beutiful 15 page booklet. It starts with a killer "reminiscence" of YDI by Tesco Vee (singer of the THE MEATMEN, Tough & Go Fanzine founder, legend, ABBA-fanatic, etc.). There are TONS of priceless photos of the band, multiple segments of interviews pulled from old zines, and most importantly the inserts and lyric sheets for both the EP & LP as well as the original artwork (not full-sized, but present), and countless fliers. This is the way ALL re-issue collections should be. It's obvious that this was a labor of love for those at Parts Unknown Records. Even the CD itself and tray-inlay are filled with fliers and photos!In conclusion, if you consider yourself a true 80's hardcore fanatic, or want to understand where INFEST, CROSSED OUT, NO COMMENT, SPAZZ, MAN IS THE BASTARD, etc., picked up some of their "secrets", or where current bands like CULO (and tons of others across the extreme hardcore spectrum)are continuing to draw inspiration, then it is ESSENTIAL that you add YDI to your brain-banks. And if you're a fan of extreme early-mid 80's American h/c bands like NEGATIVE APPROACH, KORO, SIEGE, DEEP WOUND, YOUTH KORPS '82, NEON CHRIST, VOID, SEPTIC DEATH, NEGATIVE FX, SUBURBAN MUTILATION, and tons of others, then you simply NEED YDI!!!! They'll positively pulverize you: body and soul.
A Haunting Sarcasm Throughout....Reviews and Media Excerpts for the 1st Ponsonby DCs AlbumRadio New Zealand Showcase December 2005:A Genuine New Zealand Classic  and a Revolutionary Local Release.An Underground Milestone with pioneering use of Kiwi vernacular.Like An Antipodean Lou Reed. In 20 Years This Record Has NeverGone Away,and is Now Back with 11 Additional Tracks.The New Zealand Listener: Critics Choice: Top 10 Worldwide Releases for 2005A Pioneering Piece of Kiwi Pop.  More Lost Anthems From Mid 1980's New Zealand !Stuff New ZealandAn underground milestone and a genuine New Zealand classic.The missing link of kiwi pop.A forgotten gem! There's a big hole in your NZ music collection if you do not have this album. Brilliant.Spin Magazine  - North AmericaSons of Dire Straits Meets Lou Reed ! A Great Coupling of Insight and Humor. Remarkable Lyrics.The Gavin Report - North AmericaA Healthy Combination of Sharp, Poppy Songwriting and a Real Sense of CoolThe New Zealand Sunday TimesG'Day Mate Could be the new, New Zealand National Anthem !Rip It Up New ZealandSounds Like The Perfect Kiwi Paradise. Should be Top 10 material and could be thealbum of the year. This album puts a huge grin on my face and makes me proudto be from New Zealand. A cult classic.Option & Sound Choice - North AmericaA Gem From New Zealand's Fertile Soil. An Antidote To The Humorless Dreck That Clogs The Airwaves !New Zealand Musician MagazineSuperb pop-rock instrumentation - A fascinating caricature of theNZ Psyche An Underground Milestoneand a Genuine New Zealand Classic.  Hat's off to ProducersKeith Dion & Gavin Buxton.
Original sound, dark and interesting. An industrial metal album that leaves you feeling whiplashed.one of the best albums ive aquired in a few years.
Honestly this is one of the best albums from an American band from this era.  Definately dark, but completely danceable at times this music has stood the test of time.  These guys were amazing live, their shows were performance art at times.  I distinctly remember Michael Ake - the singer- rubbing raw meat on his naked chest and throwing the meat at the audience at one show.GREAT band.
The Grinning Plowmen are a local Phenom from Nashville. Days still sounds great! I love this band and their shows for you can NEVER have enough wigs and chickens on stage.  Their sound surprised everyone once found out where they were from. This is a great piece of music! Especially if you like to shimmy in the dark.
I own this on vinyl.  What a great, great , great album.  solid all the way around.  Holds up after 20+ years easily.  Bit dark and moody at times, but a solid rock piece through and through.  get it.  If you like Rock edged bauhaus or joy Division, you will like this.
This is a Great CD, I own all the CD's! If you like un restricted, music chalk full of creativity and pure fun, this is for you! He's got alittle something for everyone.~General Asriel A. Division 1123
pleasantly cerebral comic book sci-fi beats.heavy production. it's a guy w/ a vision, & lacking th x-factors of multiple members.focuses his point with laser beam accuracy :D
Great album that everyone that lovesgood music with a good beat will just adore.
The second electronically-released album, "Dr. Steel II: Eclectic Boogaloo" has some of the catchiest tunes Doctor has released.  Exploring the world of the mad toymaker and his crusade against the Alien Illuminati and his quest to become World Emperor.  Tracks on this album explore conspiracy theories ("Bohemian Grove"), and the Doctor's quest to take over the world ("Build the Robots", "Prelude to Domination", and "Drop Da Bomb") and his desire to control the world though entertainment ("The Doctor Steel Show").I really enjoyed the album, and most of the tracks on this album I found to be the catchiest and most easily dance-able.
Doctor Steel is a genius who deserves higher praise and everyone should own all his music! His beats and toy army will win you over to his side in world domination!
The good doctor has out did him self, please buy this,  it will make you happy, and that's all the doctor really really wants for you. To be happy, check out his websites, [...] Make sure to look thought his filing cabinet however.
A melodical masterpeice anyone can enjoy regardless of musical tastes!  ALL HAIL DR. STEEL!loyal toy soldier,Roach
As seated as his persona is in the Steampunk lifestyle, which harkens back to the late 1800's, Dr. Steel's 'People of Earth' album is an essential staple in Steampunk's murkened celebration of the Victorian Era and the United States' Gilded Age. Darkly but vividly addressing topics that any mad scientist would have wet dreams thinking about, like the Fibonacci Sequence and Sitchin's Planet X, Dr. Steel flaunts his musical and intellectual prowess by provoking an interest in these eclectic subjects while entertaining the copper-plated masses. It is no wonder that Dr. Steel has such an influence over the scene, even claiming for himself an army of toy soldiers in his endeavors to rule the world. As long as Steampunk exists, so shall this musical mastermind.To grasp the power of this album, one must have an appreciation for the markedly recognizable, traditional, accordion-ridden Barnum&Bailey; circus style of composition. Take that sound and stitch it masterfully with dark metal guitars, guttural roaring and other vocal acrobatics performed by Dr. Steel and you should have a hypothesis of this deeply experimental work of art.
There is no way my limited vocabulary can describe the pure unadulterated awesomeness that was the visionary Dr Steel.  Yes he was a performer. Yes he was campy. And most importantly, YES he was a visionary.  Just because he didn't have the followers that someone like Jimi Hendrix or Nirvana had doesn't make his artistic credibility any less valid.  I bought all 3 of his downloadable albums and used to frequent his website just to rewatch his videos time and time again.  I can only describe his work as an eclectic mix of rock/metal/rap/steampunk/scifi with a sprinkle of world domination mixed in.  If you are a fan of music that is NOT the typical top 40 detritus that is overplayed by bands that have 1/100 the talent of tossed salad, you don't just need to give his work a listen, you OWE it to your eardrums, mind, body and soul to do so.  Only 2-3 musical artists have floored me with their genius in the past 30 years, but this man stands tall and radiant at the tip of the heap.  It was maddening and saddening to hear of his self exile/retirement from music.  His vision may have been part comedy/part jest, but in all honesty, I would have voted/fought for this man to be our countries leader.  He had a vision few would/could follow.  A "Utopian Playland". Life is too short, enjoy it while you can as NONE of us are promised tomorrow. You can't take 'it' with you, you can't live in this mortal shell forever (and why would you want to :-p), so get out there, buy Dr Steel's albums, and revel in one of our generations last true musical visionaries. Toy Soldiers UNITE! March Forth! (on March 4th).
Doctor Steel is a man of great vision, and he wishes to share that vision with all.  To that end he has created some the best music around. It is hard to classify his style, and even harder to find an artist who is as creative and original.
even though the doc has retired his music keeps the dream of a utopian playground world alive support the docs dreams maybe he will come out of retirement???
Once again the great doctor has pulled of a masterpiece of audio pleasure. I throughly enjoyed listening to this as well as his other albums.Go pick it up and see how well you'll like it.
An amazing artist and album that defies description. Some techno, some dance, some rock, some industrial. All with an imagination and a sense of humor.
Dr. Steel's music never ceases to astound me.  It's so hard to describe, and yet it works so well.  I ended up working my way through his collection backwards, starting with "People of Earth" and ending with this album,  and it was a great journey.  "Marionette" always makes me want to get up and do SOMETHING.  The title track/theme "Dr. Steel" is a dramatic anthem, ending with a cascade of maniacal laughter ... it  makes me wonder if the man really is mad.  Mad  or no, he's got my vote for Future World Emperor!
The first electronically released album from Dr. Steel, the self-titled album explains the genesis of Dr Phineas Waldolf Steel as a misunderstood genius toymaker and his desire to take over the world and create a Utopian Playland.  Originally released in 1999, this album has songs that remind children of all ages about the wonder of childhood (with inspiration from "Sesame Street" and "Inspector Gadget") and the importance of having fun in every-day life.
The doctor is in, and is he ever with this disk, save your pennies and buy it, the good doctor will only reward you.  IN this new would you will find happiness and joy and teh music will be good as well. Buy the disk and support the new toy master.  Also check out his website. [...]
Dr. Steel is the visionary of our times!  He's trying to bring fun back to the world.Help him out by joining the ranks of the Toy Soldiers!  [...]
If you're a connoisseur of unique music, or if you love character comedy, this album is for you. Dr. Steel is a unique persona, and his narrative will definitely engage you, but his music will also inspire you. It was not hard giving this album 5 stars.
This Artist is Planning to take over the world. And the way his music is, he just may do it. This music is nothing like what you've heard before, but at the same time, it's very haunting. You've felt like you've heard it in the back of your mind.His music is hypnotizing, addicting, and inspiring. He also has very humorous track, as well. He's Straight out of a comic book. Is he a hero, or a super-villain? Only you can listen and decide.This album, self titled "Dr. Steel" Is very entertaining. With a wide variety of themes, it takes you on an incredible journey. And when it stops, you just want more. "Spaceboy" and "Are We having Fun Yet?" are my Favorite two from this album.
I downloaded this album a week ago and I have to say I've enjoyed every minute of listening to it. It's all about robots and mind control cookies and taking over the world. Take a listen if you're interested in knowing what the future world emperor is like.
In 1993, in a quiet ceremony in Chicago's Lincoln Park, "Led Zeppelin III" married "Let It Bleed" and produced this stunning child. And you didn't even know they had dated! This collection mixes loose and rowdy with country folk. When other bands were filling up every nook and cranny of their songs (yes, they have those), on "Stained and Lit," "Moon Calf Tripe" and "Lather," Jimmywine Majestic put space where one can dwell and dream (like its parents did) and then rocked hard on "Smokey Mountain Double Dip and" Cilamange."The meaning of the word "bittersweet" comes from the song "Braindead," which crowns this timeless classic.
I also ran across this while stumbling and immediately purchased it.  What a great find!  Laid back and rhythmic, groovy, late night headphone type stuff.
I just wanted to say that I also found this on stumble and downloaded it right away. Pretty sweet. Good work.
I ran across this stumbling, and immediately purchased itVery nice....very nice indeed!
I didn't know what to expect by this band or album but always thought the band name was clever and finally had the time to check it out. Everything I would expect from a lead singer who loves Blondie so much to form the band in the first place. everything I would expect from something labeled laser Punk. Love it!
I couldn't disagree more with the other reviewer who gave this album one star. The songs are much more structured than on District 6 and I felt Fallon wasn't afraid to be a little more daring and experimental musically with this album. Fallon's use of samples, (including samples from Blade Runner and Closer) flowed much better than on the previous album. Some of my personal favorites are: Mistakes, Breaks, Way To Late (love the lyrics) and most definitely Love Letters Addressed To Dying.
I was introduced to the band, White Stripes, through the &#34;Rocksmith Guitar  and Bass&#34; game software.  Their song, Icky Thump, really blows me away and now I'm downloading mp3 songs of theirs.  White Stripes truly rocks!
I had this at one time on vinyl and wanted the CD.  But since catching up with the times and owning an Iphone, it was one of many classics I have purchased and added to the media library.  Awesome release, not You Got It, but still great just the same.
I found this band through a horror film i found called "salvage" pretty good movie actually.  Through out the entire movie they kept playing these alternative kind of grungy punk like songs by the same band (I could recognise the singers voice).  I kept thinking "man these are really good songs, who the hell are these guys".  The sound kind of reminded me of veruca salt, I don't know if any one remembers that bad but they did the song "volcano girls", and kind of reminded me of ninties grunge rock but mixed with moderen alternative sound.  I really thought maybe they are or are going to be the next alternative sound for the upcoming generation, but I don't know.  I have no idea how long they have been around or who they are, but man they are good and the vocalist has some great lyrics.  I know they come from california and there are a few live videos of them on youtube.  I found out the name of this group by watching the credits from this horror movie and imeadatly saut them out on here and I found two albums available.  Please support this band they are really good and unique if you like non pop music please give them a chance give them as much support as you can maybe they'll be the next counter coulture pop that would great.
Little Anthony and the Imperials were a doo-wop and soul group from the 50's and 60's and made their mark on RnB with trademark jams like "Tears On My Pillow."  That jam is one of my favorite soul jams of all time.  I love the true depth and emotion behind the tenor vocals.  It is also the perfect slower jam to cruise to in an old-school whip.  The harmony is awesome; what an alternative to the shallow club, "shake it girl, bump n grind" type of stuff on the radio today.  "Two People In The World" does the same thing for me.  The 2 jams were released around 1958-59, when doo-wop was at the peak of popularity.  A couple other jams here have a more upbeat vibe like the rock infused "I'm Alright" and the pop inflected "Shimmy Shimmy Ko-Ko-Bop," but for the most part, this collection shows their soulful side with emotionally drenched doo-wop jams perfect for complementing your love life, either the happy or heartbroken side of it.  I have an interesting side note, as a big fan of the Delfonics, a Philly Soul group from the late 60's thru the mid-70's,  the lead tenor and song writer William Hart was heavily influenced by and grew up listening to Little Anthony and the Imperials.  That is probably why there is the influence of doo-wop harmony in the Delfonics' early songs.  You can access that info on any reliable website or getting a greatest hits of the Delfonics with liner notes.
This concert was available as a bootleg for awhile, but this issue is cleaned-up and much better to listen to. Besides, with this as an &#34;official&#34; release, the band members can get their much deserved royalties. This was one of the last concerts that Television did in their first run (they disbanded for awhile until 1992) and they are in fine form. Television is unique and defies categorization. They are an ecstatic musical listening experience.There's an excellent website called &#34;The Wonder&#34; that explains it all for those new to their music, plus two books &#34;(33 1/3 series) Marquee Moon&#34; and &#34;Sonic Transmission&#34;. I highly recommend the site and books.Now, if only Amazon could get an &#34;official&#34; release version of the boot &#34;Last Live in Portland (July 2, 1978)&#34; and the &#34;Piccadilly Inn&#34; concerts of July 24-25, 1975, I'd be a happy camper.
Lots of live albums leave me with a "guess you had to be there" feeling, if only because of the poor sound quality. That certainly was the case withThe Blow-Up- as great as the performance is, it's not fun to listen to. It's like listening to a great band from the back of a cave. "Live At The Old Waldorf" remedies that - a transcendent performance rendered with flawless clarity. Simply, it feels like you are there, and it is absolutely essential for any fan of the band.
Shawnee Smith (actress who plays Linda on the TV show Becker, among other movies, etc.) and the assembled band that make up Fydolla Ho totally rock in a mostly heavy, sometimes dissonant, occasionally melodic way. Great songs.
FYI - The Amazon MP3 version of the song "No Surprise (Acoustic)" is not the right version. The version from Amazon MP# is the version from the full CD and is NOT the Acoustic version.Other than that the Album is fantastic.
This is the best collection of songs from a seminal rock act, influencing generations of musicians.  Joy Division's other full length, Unknown Pleasures, is the only collection that comes close.  Be warned, the 'extra' tracks are fuzzy, live cuts.  But they are intersting background, and the core 9 tracks are classic.  Joy Division were far ahead of their time, they will send chills down your spine 30 years after the album was recorded.
Abe Vigoda has one of the most original sounds I've heard in a long time.I found it very hard to catagorize the music so I figured,"why bother to?".
These guys are the LA Originals. Vampire Weekend picked up the sound, but they're not the originals... New album "Skeleton" out July, 2008. Watchit!
Pick this EP up. These high school age girls have just won a major band competition sponsored by MTV.Their sound is familiar, new, old, and modern all at the same time. If you love the Pixies, old punk, the Yeahs, Yeahs, Yeahs, the Breeders or just good old fashioned, sloppy, basement rock. Pick this up!I have a feeling these young ladies are on the cusp of greatness and will be around for a long time.Highly recommended.
I say they are a good third on the list of Irish punk bands. The Pogues are of course first, Flogging Molly second even though their music isn't as roudy and rough as S.B.C. they do have talent. The thing that bugs me is that this is more of a side hobby for Saint Bushmills Chior so you don't see hardly any songs from them. You can hear the talent they have they just don't use it that much.
As with the previous reviewer if it wasn't for Pandora I would have never heard of this band. I normally don't like "humorous" songs but these sound so good. Good crunchy guitars and great grooves.If you like Kyuss, Fu Manchu, or Monster Magnet you'll dig this.
Love California....especially surf music and the freedom it portrays....a life style we need to keep!.....this music will always take you to the shore.....
For traditional 60's style instrumental surf music with a more modern production, check out Somewhere In California (2002) by the Torquays.  The album consists of 19 instrumentals, mostly upbeat tunes, which appear to be original compositions.  The music has a "live" sound, without a lot of overdubs.  The band apparently favors old Fender gear, and the tone of the guitars is mostly pure, without heavy effects except a little reverb.Judging by the album's title, the Torquays were probably trying to capture the vibe of classic 60's surf  music, and for the most part they are successful, producing a set of cool mostly mid-tempo tunes that generally invoke the sun, surf, cruising, and good times.  The band spices things up by incorporating some ethnic flavors.  Most songs are under three minutes, and there are only a couple of subpar compositions, on what is an easy breezy listen that goes down smoothly like a sweet liqueur.  The Torquays' sound might be comparable to The Breakaways, The Tormentos, Jon And The Nightriders, or the Mel-Tones.It's difficult to find detailed information about the band, but apparently the group was originally formed in Kansas in 1964, and included guitarist Jerry Gordon.  The group got their name from the album Torquay by The Fireballs, another 60's surf rock band.  The Torquays were reformed in the late 1990's by Jerry Gordon, and released several albums, before Gordon subsequently left the group.  The lineup for Somewhere In California consists of Armin Brown (guitar), Steve Soest (guitar), Don Parra (bass), and Duff Paulsen (drums).  The band has apparently been on hiatus since 2008.  Torquay CD's are both hard to find and expensive, so at present, downloading their music seems to be the most practical option.
There's a reason why this album is regularly voted into the Top-100 of all time from surf instrumentalists around the world. Pure joy, clear recordings, just lots of fun, with a talent throughout the band that shines on every tracks.
If you like old school punk, then you will like this.  If you are looking for glam this is not it.
Pink Steel is the perfect combo of gay humor (like Big Gay Sketch Show, Lea Delaria's stand-up, making fun of the L Word) with ear-melting 80s glam  metal. Think Motley Crue combined with Lady Bunny, with a little bit of Spinal Tap mixed in. This is the hair band that owns up to the make-up!Perfect record for rock/metal fans who also like the Gay Pimp/Jonny McGovern.Gays Gone Wild
I've been in the scene since 1981, this is one of the best HC bands to ever come out of the U.S. And, this is their best album.
Greatest band ever with my favorite album ever! True talent in all aspects. Worth a listen for everyone! Support the true and few real talents left in the U.S! Music is fading and the industry is  brainwashing.
Bridget the Midget is truly a modern master of the rock medium.  Delightfully spare and richly textured, her sound is unique, her vocals intoxicating.  Blakkout's lead guitarist, Penis Mightier, plays with the passion of Joe Satriani and the soul of Stevie Ray Vaughan.  Buy this album now.
Everything (almost) that Neutral Nation has ever recorded in one spot...how cool is that. Great Fun Punk from a seminal Rhode Island band. Watch for the upcoming movie from Midway pictures, "It's A Bash", telling the story, history and future of this classic punk rock band.
I'm a big fan of the Abattoir webcasts and this is a pretty good sampler.  Love the cover art!  Highly recommended...
I am a huge fan of Left Lane Cruiser.  I got their albums in reverse order starting with Junkyard Speedball and ending with this album.  Because of this I had heard most of these songs prior to actually downloading the music.  Some of the songs on this album are actually on future albums.  That did not matter to me as all of Left Lane Cruiser's songs are solid.  I like to describe their music as dirty southern.  It has an element of blues yet feels like the working man's southern rock.  The only music I can compare it to is Hillstomp or Possessed by Paul James.  Some of my friends say that it sounds like Clutch but I am not a huge fan of Clutch so I cannot verify that.  I have also read reviews describing them at the "poor man's Black Keys" or the "rich man's Bob Log III."  The sounds that come from the guitar is amazing.  Left Lane Cruiser delivers phenominal sound despite only having two members.  I believe that this is a 5 star album for a great price.  You will not skip over any songs but the one that really sticks out to me as I write this review is That Ass.
Let me just say, the Voodoo Organist is in a class of his own, and 5 stars don't even come close to defining his music. So, who IS the Voodoo Organist? Personally, I have no idea who he is or where he came from. Some say that he materialized in a storm of bones and sand somewhere in the southwest. Others say that he was cast out of hell for being a much better organist than Lucifer himself. Nevertheless, he is here...to play the organ for all of us sinners and misanthropes. His music is highly inspirational, especially his song "The Creeper". And as for his album "The Serpent Dance", it is perfect for those long drives through the desert - especially at night - and for dancing around a fire with fellow creepers and a bottle of whiskey.I don't know what I would do without the Voodoo Organist.
The music of Halou is as varied as the cast of characters they've worked with or performed with: DJ Shadow, Lyrics Born, Frank Sinatra, Galactic, Blackalicious, John Cale, Low, No Doubt and even a Rod Stewart remix which hit #1 on Billboard. The band's music was included on one of TV's hottest shows, CSI, and they've scored two award-winning films.On the other hand, the music is easily identified as trip hop, a name that a number of the groups so tagged and I share a dislike for, although I'm not sure if for the same reasons. The tag of trip hop apparently evolved from hip hop's migration to the UK, and their musicians putting a local spin on the music. Ergo, trip hop. At least that's what Wikipedia says.As a rule, there's very little hip hop which I care to hear. To be sure, I usually switch the station if I hear it. Trip hop, however, is in no way connected with hip hop that I can see, at least nothing readily identifiable, and I occasionally listen to it. I listen to it less than I like, since there seem to be so few places on the radio dial to hear it. The proliferation of Internet music, however, has changed that for the good. We can all listen to much more of the music we prefer now, rather than what some marketing wonk dictates. I think it's time for somebody to come up with a different name for this genre of music, something more fitting. Electropop doesn't quite fit, although it's probably closest.Overall, this CD is a very easy listen, with remarkable voice, electronics, backup and engineering. The combination of synthesized and organic music is weaved to perfection, with just enough new wave and dance beats. The group deserves wider distribution and listening.Halou has been together for a dozen years and I'm ashamed to say I'd never heard of them until very recently. When I first saw the name in print, I had to look it up simply to see what kind of music they play and to listen a little. I was sold before I'd read 100  words and completely without listening to samples. Since I'm a card-carrying, registered Cocteau Twins junkie, it was a done deal before it started.Halou's first recording was released in 1999 to accolades from areas scattered over the West Coast, along with spotty nationwide praise. The Midwest, where I'm located, seems to be an area where this genre of music has to be stalked by listeners, as I have yet to find a local station that plays more than one or three selections a day from the genre. [I realize BlogCritics is worldwide, but since I'm in the U.S, please excuse the geocentricity in my writing.]Halou consists of Rebecca Coseboom, Ryan Coseboom, and Count. This EP also includes guest spots by Robin Guthrie of Cocteau Twins fame, and from Zoe Keating of Rasputina.Don't miss this EP as it's a sure winner. And the price is right, at less than two latt&eacute;s at your local coffee shop.
Halou get more brilliant with every release. They've always been able to rouse, move, and touch their real fans; Sawtooth will strech out their arms to embrace an entirely new sector of listeners, catapulting them into a much-deserved spotlight. After so many years of creating lovely music, Halou is reborn as a young band once again - with vibrancy and intricacy dripping from their new EP. Can't wait for the forthcoming full-length!
I found out about this album while watching Carmel sing at a bar in Oxford Street, London a few years ago, and managed to get a copy from a Virgin Megastore down the road. The reviews said it was like a cross between Radiohead and Enya and it has a prog feeling throughout, but with a modern twist. Kind of like a musical journey based on The Prisoner, that UK TV series with Patrick McGoohan being chased by a big white ball. Having seen the series I can see how this album tracks in the feel for each episode, but being original music and I can still pick up hints of incidental music along the way. It's a mix of classical, newage, techno and dance and the music video shot in 'The Village' in Wales was cool too. This is a first rate piece of music, have no idea why she stopped at one album (other than the cult themes compilation). Very very cool stuff. I later found out this artist writes some cool kids books too. Much talent!
There's something about Jinx that draws you in.  His songwriting and his vocals and his overall presence just make you want to attend to what he's saying.  But more than that, there's something far more intimate about what he has to say.  It's not smarmy or smutty, it's just honest.  It makes me feel like I know more about him than what you get from liner notes because of what he has to say.  I'm a fan.  I will continue to be a fan, no matter what genre he finds himself in.  That all being said, don't think there's not solid sex appeal here.  The songs are raw and brutal at times but it's when we find ourselves outside our comfort zones we start to learn about ourselves.  If you want something that's a bit out of the way and something that will keep you coming back for more, then let Jinx take you where you need to go.
The way this guy manipulates sound to make songs is really amazing.  His voice is incredibly distinct (but fits the songs well), and his arrangements are very evocative.  The music moves me.  Love it.
This album is great.It is difficult to find much information on Okay online but what I found was enough to convince me to drop my limited money on this album.  The lyrics are what do it for me, I really connected with what he talks about and it doesn't hurt that the songs are so damn catchy either.Buy this, you won't regret it.
Great record. If you love love the sound of guitar picking paired w a weak shaky well tuned voice and clever words. get it.
It can be a frustratingly difficult task to dredge up information about indie band Okay. This can undoubtedly be attributed to the absurdly generic name, which tends to bring up all sorts of irrelevant information. It helps to know, then, that Okay is a continually evolving musical collective with lead singer Marty Anderson being the only core member. Okay's two debut releases in 2005, "Low Road" and "High Road", garnered a notable amount of attention from independent music sites upon release, yet the vastly underrated 2008 release of "Huggable Dust" stands as a superior piece of work. It ranked as one of my favorite records of 2008, and one of the few I still spin occasionally going into 2010.The handful of media interviews available, including an excellent one with SF Weekly, indicate that Anderson suffers from a crippling case of Crohn's disease. For sixteen hours every day Anderson is connected to an IV which essentially sustains his life. As a result, his freedom and functionality are understandably limited. You might believe his music would be dark and brooding, a consistently melancholy meditation on the injustices of life.Not a chance.It's a testament to Anderson's character that the music of Okay is often unabashedly joyous and always sublimely beautiful. The best tracks are fused with simplistic yet soulful lyrics that typically appear to revolve around a failed relationship, or more likely lamenting a relationship that never was. This doesn't seem like particularly happy material, but just listen to these songs, which tend to conclude in an explosion of energetic sound that can melt even the coldest heart."My" and "Panda" are two of the many highlights. Both songs begin in a subtly modest fashion before culminating into epic orchestra-like grandeur as the songs close. Anderson's creaky voice may take a bit to catch on to, as it's certainly not a traditionally pleasant tone, yet the band wouldn't be half of what it is without him. There's a singular evocative quality to his voice, one that is well aware of the harshness of our world yet still revels in the small delights that abound. Unrequited love never sounded more romantic, or more beautiful, than it does here.
I don't have time to write a full out review, but I love this album. It's dark, melencholy, and you have to listen to it a couple times before you love it... but it is one of those albums I've listened to over and over and over. It's over was my theme song when I was going through my divorce.
I found these guys on Pandora and loved them. The lyrics direct you towards God and His love for us. This album specifically spoke to me about  not sitting back and watching the spiritual battle but fighting it.P.S. Amazon, please remove the "Explicit" part from the title and songs.
Hard to believe this was recorded more than 10 years ago! This album is really, really, good. Several songs like &#34;Mellow Cosmos&#34; or &#34;Right Side of Heaven&#34; stand out but the entire record is of very high quality. Absolutely 5 stars!
if you are a fan of 70's soul,then you cannot let this one slip by! I've known about The Delfonics for years! But i didn't really get into them until the Quentin Tarantino film &#34;Jackie Brown&#34; came out! This band really jams! And with this particular CD,I have to assume it's been re-mastered,because it sounds awesome in my car!! Which shouldn't be taken for granted! i have bought CDs in the past from the 70's and they still sound like I'm using 70's speakers! But not this one! All of the bass comes through,as well as their harmony. i don't know why I chose this particular CD,but this is it!! And for this price,you can't go wrong! Buy it today!!
Enjoyed this CD from start to finish. Memories of the late 60s, early 70s sounds the soothe the soul and made you want to be in love, if not already in LOVE with someone. It was a shame that the two brothers could not get along long enough to write more classic hits.
Great great memories!I saw these guys at Gaslight Square  in St Louis ( really) in 1968. They were Platinum and Golden even then!!!
this is a bit before my time, growing up my parents played a lot of rock & pop. as a teen aerosmith and van halen were big, then came the heavy metal phase of guns n roses and metallica. (yes, my hair was BIG) Despite that being the "cool" music of the time that my friends were into, I had always secretly listened to a variety of different music (rock, pop, punk, blues, motown, you name it)  But for some reason i was relatively unexposed to the delfonics music prior to the movie jackie brown coming out. I'm so glad that it featured the delfonics music and exposed me to more of their wonderful melodies. It sparked an immediate interest in them, i went to the store & bought up what i could find.  i have since been a big fan and get excited whenever i hear one of their songs playing.  their sound is smooth and mellow yet stirring at the same time.  it settles deep into to your mind & ferments, getting better & better each year  :)
I  thought I ordered the platinum collection and I never received it, I guess it was a hot item and every one like it as well as me.
For years I have had a song from this band stuck in my head, but could not remember who did it.  Finally ran across the band, cross referencing other members from other bands.  Super happy I did.  This band is not for everyone, but if you enjoyed the Chapel Hill alt scene in the early 90's, these guys fit right in with the Superchunks and what-have-you.
Wistful with a little rough edginess.  In a word: delicious!  Something I added to my favorite album playlist after just one listen.
This was the first Kittens album I heard before I saw them live.  What fun!!  Reckless abandon!  Awesome drums.  Shredding guitars!  I was hooked!!  Norman, OK's best band by far.  Forget the Flaming Lips ... these guys ROCK!!
I really like this album and it has quickly grown into one of my top favorites. Everything from the arrangement, the progressive pattern changes to lyrical content and maturity is top notch. The vocals are outstanding and unique. The recording quality is quite good as well.. giving it a dry but full sound. This is impressive feat coming from such a little known band. I'd best describe the music as punk/darker rock... reminiscent of the early 90's. The lead singer has an impressive vocal range and the drummer keeps things interesting. The guitarists are able to strike a good balance between meandering about and providing endless hooks backed up up with creative bass. No one is sitting back and being lazy on this album. There are a couple of quieter moments, but it helps contrast the up tempo march of songs.
I fell for &#34;Where do you go to (my lovely)&#34; a long long time ago, but I had not heard other Sarstedt songs. If you like the former, you will like the other songs too.
I have two of his albums and they are really good.  I like his voice and songwriting.  Both are on frequent play in my house.
Super great.
I bought too much music and now have to pay the price and review it all, albeit, I gave up after one review. Do yourself a favor and don't read this like you are doing at this very moment. Go jog or something, I'll be waiting.
I live slightly off the radar so I have not been overtaken by indie media overload with this stuff. So what can I say? Influences? Bis, Pavement, Belle and Sebastian, and any number of poppy punk bands before that meant Green Day. Sprawling, sloppy, and inventive in a very precise way. They throw it all at the wall and it sticks. The lyrics are very smart, the mood infectious, and the girl/boy vocal interplay keeps things alive. This stuff lifts you up with its rough and sweet riffs, feeds your arty side with odd instrumental touches and makes you chuckle with its smart turns of phrase and witty asides. I may be outside the demographic and it runs a little long, I like this easily over anything I hear on the radio. So I'm in...bring on more! One of my favorites of 08!
I heard this song "You, Me, Dancing" on a tv commercial and I had to have it.  This band has a Spanish name but they are all from Wales.  The CD is just great.  Almost every song on the CD is really good!  I was very pleased to get this CD and I am looking at their other CD's as well now.  I just love this band!!!
Los Campesinos! debut is a spectacular collection that comes bursting full throttle with noisy, danceable punk rock rhythms and clever quotable lyrics.  The point seems less to produce something slick or highly sophisticated, but rather a raw visceral music.  Guitars, violin, glockenspiel, shouted lyrics, wild tempo changes- sure it all can be a little over the top and even strident at times, but for me it is great fun, and something I've listened to over and over in the past month (since downloading elsewhere).  "You!Me!Dancing!" is an infectious dance number that starts with a slow build-up for the first two minutes before exploding into the foot stomping melody.  Another personal favorite is "Knee Deep At ATP", a well-written song about being the B-side in a relationship.  Other highlights include "Death to Los Campesinos", "Don't Tell Me To Do The Math(s)", and "This Is How You Spell HAHAHA, etc.". Definitely good for a laugh, to pick up  your mood, or just to hear some loud, wild music.
Ordinarily, anything as catchy as "Hold on Now, Youngster" should wear out its welcome after listening to it a dozen times in a week, but under Los Campesinos!' fuzzy hooks (which are found in abundance) there are clever turns of phrase, poignanly descriptive lyrics and an infectious amount of enthusiasm to uncover with repeat listens.The band's packed lineup and group chants suggest Architecture in Helsinki's "In Case We Die", but the hyper-specificity and near pathological levels of energy are what's so fun about poring through Art Brut lyrics. Single "You! Me! Dancing!" has the album's biggest guitar hook (and a closing section that hilariously references Rousseau) but even better is "This is how you spell 'HAHAHA, we've destroyed the hopes and dreams of a generation of faux-romantics.'" It's one of 2008's very best songs on an album that seems likely to weigh in as one of the year's best records.
I have no doubt that Los Campesinos! have put out the best music over the last 18 months or so, but to collect it all you have to buy not just this album but lots of other little EPs and singles and assorted nonsense. And getting the follow-up album is going to be a mess. Probably this just reflects the intersection of their falling-all-over-themselves exuberance and productivity with their amateur ethic. 'Cause it couldn't have anything to do with maximizing revenue. Right?Ok, that out of the way, the music: Great. Seriously, I can't make sense of the negative reviews here that complain about suckiness or messiness or shoddiness or whatever except to say that it must reflect the fact that this music aims at both what I'm sufficiently non-youngsterish to still call the post-punk audience and what the youngsters would probably laugh at me for calling the "emo" audience or twee-pop or whatever. Given that this is probably the most polished music I've listened to in a long, long time, those reviews are clearly coming from a very different planet, and so I leave them to themselves.But for those of you who think that post-punk smarts, sarcasm and enthusiasm work better when they engage the world than when they run away from it, who think that carving your revolutionary practice out of teen magazines reflects more organic intellectual effort than carving it out of the Guardian or Mother Jones (not that they don't read those too), and especially for those of you who think the ramshackle ethos works best when it's the product of a large, anarchic collective pulling in seven directions at once rather than the default mode of the lazy and feckless, then this is the music you've been waiting for.Sure they're not as smart as they want to be, or even think they are. Their fusion of scenesterism and genuine love of what they do falls apart a few times. And their avowed hopelessness isn't very convincing coming from white, over-educated, attractive kids who know too much to take their sincerity at face value. In fact their self-conscious silliness can get cloying. But no one is playing around with these contradictions---which are crucial ones---more effectively and enjoyably than they are. Every time they hit that first long organ note in "My Year in Lists" (go listen to the video on Y*uT*be) or let their limbs flail when they dance, I want to sell myself to them for life. Good thing they haven't sold enough records yet to be able to afford me.So, yeah, best of the year. Get it. And track down "International Tweexcore", the Heavenly cover, and "We Throw Parties, You Throw Knives" as well.
My favorite CD of 2008.  The tracks on this CD are almost all flawless, and unlike most anything you've ever heard.  It's hard to summarize in words...such a fun band with plenty of potential.
If you want to try something different, melodic, inspired, yet raw and rough, try Los Campesinos! I love their art, lyrics, and style. Very talented musicians and artists.
If you like indie pop, danceable music, and fun lyrics then this is the album for you! It's upbeat and beautiful.
It sounds just like sixteen years ago.  I love it.  It is very consistent with their original sound.  If you are a die-hard B-52s fan, you won't be disappointed.
The B's and the people doing the Funplex remixes got it right. 3 Mixes each very different from each other, all great. I am so excited to have The B's back with new stuff. A whole generation has missed them, buy this EP it's great. Looking forward to more.
This is the B-52's I fell in love with in the 1980's. The lyrics made me laugh out loud. They're older but still in tune with our culture and always find a way to poke fun at it as well as theirselves. Oh yeah, and the music is very catchy with a beat that just makes you want to get up and dance. Classic B-52's.
From my first listen ofBeyond Repair, I knew that Prometheus Burning was going to be something phenomenal.  With this EP, the first new material since Beyond Repair, their sound has evolved considerably.  "Amorphous Anthropoid" shudders and lurches forward in a manner unlike anything I would have imagined.  "Mimetic Drift 7" is a mid-paced instrumental of evolving sound-organisms over a throbbing pulse.  "S33d" is a vocal montage vocoded to the point of entrancement.  "Shescorpion Skin" has vocals similar to "S33d," except layered over a stuttering beat that snaps back into a staccato assault.In all, if you were expecting a clear and straightforward follow-up to Beyond Repair, you will be surprised to hear the change in sound.  However, the new sound is certainly not a bad change.
An overall great post/instrumental rock album. Their music is a no-bs, full-bodied instrumental rock. It covers many sounds and styles in only 6 songs. Theirs is an original sound in a world fixed on explosions in the sky--with this album they show us that great instrumental rock doesn't have to sound like explosions. With nothing more to say, I'm looking forward to their next major release (or see if I can get my hands on their old S/T demo ep). 5/5 Stars
From Wildy Haskell of Wildy's World music blog: "Happy Valentine" is a whimsical number that puts the silly back into silly little love songs.  MacGeraghty has written a melody so infectious it will be playing in your head for days, and the arrangement is eclectic enough to break out and be a hit.  This song will make you want to run out and find everything MacGeraghty has ever released.
German shoegaze indie band with a great album of layered strings, boards, synth's, drums, etc......just right when you want music to either take the edge off your stressed out brain or you wish to enjoy music that will envelope your environment and allow you to either read, sleep or do other things that might relax you......and their latest album "Pearl Diver" is a definite must-have as well. Shoegaze either floats your boat or it does not.....for me.....my moods vary and there are days I enjoy Led Zep and Metalica's best album ever- S&M- playing w/the San Fran Symphony Orchestra- or maybe some modern prodigy bands like Wolfmother, Rev Theory, etc- the sound is very similar to Led Zep....other days I want to hear Bocelli or Rumer.....and certain world music is fulfilling as well- who would ever think one could find mental respite in chanting monks? Or Indian Barjhan? Wael Jasser- a Lebanese singer with a gifted voice and like Bocelli- I do not understand the language...and i really do not care as the music and their voices are soothing in its own way....so to each his own.....want to relax your mental muscle.....enjoy Malory!!
Johnny Hollow is unique. It has a haunting, hollow, yet melodic sound that I just fell in love with. If you like this album, get the others.
When I first heard Johnny Hollow in 2007, I easily wrapped myself in their unique sound, and I haven't been able to put them away since.  A great many bands just lazily float by in the day to day, unnoticed for their generic noise and bland color, but not Johnny Hollow.  Johnny Hollow is a rare and prized specimen of my rather extensive aural entomology collection.To me, if the best and basic aspects of Tori Amos (including the piano) had a child with early Massive Attack (circa Mezzanine) the result might look strikingly similar to Johnny Hollow.  Janine White's silky, seductive and strong voice, while certainly her own, on occasion reminds me of later Siouxsie Sioux, especially in the songs like 'Rasputin' or 'Mary'.  Kitty's cello playing is as unique as the piano is haunting and beautiful, and Vincent Marcone's overall contribution musically and visually completes Johnny Hollow, making them one of the best finds in over a decade.One of the songs that stood out on this cd for a great many would be 'Gone'.  It's the type of melody that translates well to any soul, a precise definition of melancholia.  Overall, Johnny Hollow's first release is a brilliant work that will appeal to various crowds and so far, defies specific genre identification.I'm very happy to have this in my collection, but I just don't know where to pin it...And if you like 'Johnny Hollow', I highly recommend their latest release, 'Dirty Hands', not yet available through Amazon at the time of this review.
The Controllers were the house band at Brendan Mullen's The Masque in the early l.a. punk scene of 1977.  Dripping with sweat, they were the first and last band to play The Masque.  The Controllers were known for their sexy girl drummer Charlie Trash, who brought color and photographers to shows that could be fierce.  DOA Dan played his Vox Phantom bass.  Guitarists Johnny Stingray and Kid Spike wrote songs that were sardonic and testosterone induced.  The Controllers played and practiced at The Masque with The Berlin Brats, Alice Bag, The Skulls, The Go Go's, The Screamers, The Middle Class, The Dils and The Germs in a somewhat communal atmosephere.  "They didn't like the music they were getting, so they made their own."  Lean and mean like Steve McQueen, The Controllers played at a superfast Ramones beat, the tempo most effective in Hollywood Punk77.  The band was managed by the Fluxus artist Al Hansen, known as the creator of "Happenings" and as the paratrooper who pushed a piano out a fifth story window in wartime Europe.  Such was the case in the early l.a. punk scene.Al Hansen: Andrea Rosen Gallery.: An article from: Artforum International
I've been looking for these songs for far too long. I like to get copies of the original albums but this comp has everything I was looking for and more.
A beautiful rainy day near the sea. That&#8217;s what this album brings into my mind. It&#8217;s sad yet wonderful and of course this is a masterpiece. With smooth, rhythmic tunes sung with perfect execution by lead singer Leighton Altman and back up vocalist Mindy White. Throughout the album, lead guitarist Steve McGraw shows his talent and experience with large amounts of solos that are each completely different from the other. With so much going on, Lydia masters quite stunningly an expedition of talent and strength. This just might be their best album yet.Singing back up is Mindy White, although her voice is beautiful, it doesn&#8217;t sway me the way that it&#8217;s intended to. To me, her voice is a little flat especially with her leading the song, Now the One You Once Loved is Leaving.Most songs start off with a lone sound; vocals, a guitar solo, or a piano solo. In my opinion, This is Twice Now and Hospital are the best done. Especially when the whole band suddenly jumps in, in both songs. In song many songs, Loren Brinton excels with his drumming. He keeps pace with the feel of the music, the sound of the songs. Also, the bass played in Fate is absolutely beautiful. It fits with the music but doesn&#8217;t get lost in it. With all of that being said, it&#8217;s axiomatic that the songs on this album are very smooth and moving. Every musical note fits together seamlessly, maybe even better than December, their debut album (which is really good as well). I especially love how different All  I See. It&#8217;s very simple and yet complex with the lone guitar accompanying Leighton and haunting lyrics, All I See Scares Me Cause No One Waits Forever.When I saw Lydia back in April, they completely blew my mind, they opened with This is Twice Now and ended the night with Hospital (Which I think they did just because I got everyone in the front and middle to yell Hospital over and over again.) It was their first time headlining in Canada and the show completely sold out. It&#8217;s hard to pick out my favourite songs from an album that is so moving like this one because they are all special and unique in their own ways. But I certainly love This is Twice Now, Hospital, All I See, and One more Day and recommend this album to everyone and maybe start this album off with those four songs.
I found Lydia quite a few years ago when they only had their first album out. I loved This December; It's One More and I'm Free, but when Illuminate came out, I fell in love all over again. This album is pure genius. I cannot get tired of it. The album cover is beautiful as well. This music will relax you, without boring you. I can't wait for the next album!
Lydia is definitely an up and coming new band that you'll have to check out. With a mixture of intense lyrics, unique vocals and enticing melodies, Lydia is certainly one of those rare bands you'll only happen to find once in a blue moon and be happy you did.
I just saw Lydia live.  And I have to say, this is the most amazing band I have ever heard.  Get this CD.  You won't regret it.
One of the greatest cd's of all time.. I used to think Dashboard Confessional was passionate back when I listened to it all the time in 2006.. I didn't know what passion was... Lydia has an epic sound that seems almost surreal.
Lydia is an amazing band. This cd is more than I thought it would be. It brings you on an emotional journey that entrances you for hours. JUST LISTEN!
one of the prettiest albums I've ever heard.  lots of male/female duets.  piano, great songwriting.  one of my favorite indie albums
On occasion a band's music and their artwork will match up perfectly, allowing a listener to "judge an album by its cover art."  Illuminate is just such an album.  The lyrics, music, and vocals combine immediately and throughout to give the distinct impression of a dreary, cold, windy field.  The rain has not fallen here yet, but there is no doubt among all those who inhabit this place that a rain is coming.From the outset, a dense melancholia pervades the ears.  Even in moments when the lyrics take a more outright romantic turn, it is with a tinge of sadness.  Many times lead vocalist sings about either the silence in his brain or living in his brain. This is quite an apt description, as the whole album seems to come from a pensive state.  It is passionate but loses none of its elegance in passion.  That's the feel of the album.As to the sound, other reviews have mentioned both Jimmy Eat World and Death Cab for Cutie.  I agree to an extent, but the most prevalent band that came to mind for me was Copeland.  Leighton's vocals match well with Aaron Marsh's in the song "Hospital," but even before I knew Copeland had any association with the album, I was thinking of Beneath Medicine Tree mixed with Eat, Sleep, Repeat.  I also sensed certain shades of Daphne Love Derby's album On the Strength of All Convinced, but only to a small extent.  There is a certain amount of calm anger in some of these songs that escapes those other bands.  And perhaps that's the best way to describe them: passionately calm, if that makes any sense.
This album comes highly recommended.  Beautiful, thick layers - for fans of Brand New, Jimmy Eat World, and the like.
I have never have taken the time to write a review for anything but I had to for this up and coming band.  I was sitting at the music store just listening to a wide range of music, and I came across this cd knowing nothing about these guys. I can tell you being a musician who plays and listens to all types of music this cd is one you can play all the way through and actually  enjoy.  once the word gets out about this group they will definitely make it to the top of the charts.
You HAVE to give this band a chance! My brother who is a big fan of the 'not so mainstream' bands introduced me to Lydia. They are extremely talented and the sound is very different from what is currently out there...give them a listen to because I am sure you will be hooked!
I was completely and utterly blown away with this album. I've listened to this band since their first debut album was released titled This December; It's one more and I'm free. Their first album was brilliant with catchy lyrics and melodies. However 'Illuminate' far surpassed the previous album. If you want a cd that won't bore you with the same songs then you're in for a treat with this album, because every song is completely different and unique. Not to mention Mindy has an extraordinary voice!
Exactly what I wanted. Brand new and works great! Cheap and well worth the price. Very very good C.D. L
Found Lydia last year and bought their first release "This December it's One More and I'm Free", and was really impressed.  With all the garbage that comes out in the music industry these days, I was quite surprised by how much I enjoyed it.  This second album is even better.  And where as "December" had songs that really had to grow on me, this one I enjoyed 90 % of the songs on the first listen.  Really good stuff.  If you are tired of all the shallow music that all sounds the same, give this a try.  Meaningful lyrics, great melody, and the singers really sing straight into my brain sometimes.
I have loved Lydia since their first Album "This December; It's One More and I'm Free".  I am simply amazed of "Illuminate".  Mindy's voice is amazing and the songs are melodic and addicting.  Definitely listen to "Hospital" and "Now The One You Once Loved Is Leaving".&lt;333!
I found Lydia because of an &#34;if you like x band, then listen to this...&#34; kind of thing. I checked them out here on Amazon through the album tracks preview and immediately fell in love with them. Ever since purchasing their CD (which at less than six bucks was a steal) I seriously don't want to listen to anything else but Lydia. All of the tracks/vocals are beautiful and kind of have a soft and dreamy feel to them. Amazon even sent me the digital downloads for purchasing the CD so I didn't have to wait for it to arrive in the mail to listen to it. I would've gladly paid 4x the price for this CD. I happily realized recently that they reunited so I have more great music to look forward to. Just buy this CD, you won't regret it.
March 2013 EDIT:I initially reviewed this product a few years ago thinking that I was reviewing the quality of the shipper and the shipment I had received, thus giving it only 4 stars (SEE OLD REVIEW BELOW). I recently stumbled across my poorly written review and decided it was time for a much-needed edit. I have changed the rating to 5 stars because I now know that I am rating the product, which is amazing in so many ways. I was introduced to Lydia by a friend, and actually started off listening to Illuminate before any of their other albums. As a result, while I own digital copies of the other albums, this is the only CD I've purchased and I can't say that I regret it at all. I don't play the CD itself too much anymore, but occasionally take it out just to admire the album art, which I am quite fond of. As far as the music goes, I love the flow of the tracks and how each one flawlessly leads to the next. While I generally like putting my songs on shuffle, I can't help but revert to the desired order for this album because it just works and I can find no reason to shuffle it instead. Personally, I think this is the best album by the group and would recommend anyone who's a fan to purchase this if they are considering buying any of the actual CD's!OLD REVIEW:Pro: Good quality, works fine. Comes sealed, and contains everything you would expect (cd, booklet w/ lyrics, etc.)Con: One issue I had was the crack in the case. I decided not to worry too much about it as the cd inside of it was fine, but it would have been nice if the case had come without the crack...
Lydia is a hard band to find, but I love this album. It is truly amazing and I highly recommend it!
Most of what I have to say has already been presented in the previous reviews.  I do get a kick out of Amazon placing this album under the "Hardcore and Punk" section of their sales, but I digress...This album is the culmination of a decade of music that has featured several attempts at defining what "emo" is, what "punk" is now, and what "indie" is.  No one cares anymore, and I'm not sure anyone ever did.  Lydia present an album that some may label as one of the aforementioned genres, and you should disregard any such label (before listening to any album, really).  Lydia have given us a gem of an album to lean heavily on.  The lyrics have some good depth to them.  Sure, they preach similar themes that we have heard in the past, but they are both sincere and sung with meaning.  Musically, the vocal delivery is first thing will stand out to a first time listener.  The harmonizing is certainly the best I can recall having ever heard consistently throughout an album.  The melodies are intricate and never dull.  The use of "building up" a song is not overdone, and is fully featured in one of the album's gems, "Sleep Well."  Each song has its place on the album, and a group of 11 people may offer 11 different favorites as their choice off of Illuminate.If you are still skeptical of this album, listen to the samples Amazon has online.  I promise you won't be disappointed.  If you are, you probably haven't been a fan of this "genre" this decade, and that's your taste.  But if consider yourself someone who has listened to "emo," "punk," or "indie," I'd give this album a listen.
This album is nothing short of amazing. The polyrythmic front with heartstopping lyrics belted from the amazing vocalists Leighton and Mindy comes together to make a superb sophmore album from Lydia. It is a must have album at any price as is "This December it's One More and I'm Free..." whereever you might be able to find it.
If you like the work of bands like Copeland, Mae, This Day & Age, etc. then you are bound to adore this album. It is dreamy and hook-laden. The lyrics are a manic type of emotional, which helps this stand out amid other albums of similar sound. It cuts deep. And I highly recommend it to any fan of this sort of sound.
This band is incredible. The music, singing, songs, everything! I discovered them by chance, and after choosing a Lydia station on Pandora, I fell in love. They're my favorite band, and like another reviewer said, the passion they bring into their music is what makes it so impactful. I love looking for the meaning in each song. This album is my favorite, and I'm really looking forward to their new one coming out. Another thing I like about Lydia is that it's not a hugely known, overplayed band, which makes knowing about them a little more special.
Love Lydia!  The last CD blew my mind and this one is just as good!
Wow. if u don't own this album - BUY IT!!. amazingly complex melodies and poetic lyrics with very creative segues. With the possible exception of a couple of bad choices in the expletive department, i am completely, overly, abundantly, super-impressed with this entire album. And, anxiously await the next one:)
I can sum up this cd in one word...WOW! It's like potato chips can't be satisfied with one! I can't wait to go on a long drive and be transported to a beautiful imaginary place full of hypnotic melodies. Buy this cd and I'm sure you'll be hungry for more of Illuminate!
The Henry Clay People  - Blacklist the Kid with the Red MoustacheEngineered and Produced by Howard Bilerman and Colin StewartRecorded at Jackpot! Recording Studios in Portland, OR and Hotel 2 Tango in Montreal, QC, CanadaMixed by Howard BilermanMastered by Harris Newman at Grey Market MasteringFans of the `90s indie rock heyday will bow to this debut. Like southern California daybreak, the songs are uplifting, carefree, and crisp. Reminiscent of early Built to Spill, Pavement, and Modest Mouse the listener is greeted by catchy-jangly guitars, a thrusting upbeat tempo, and discerning lyrics.Blacklist the Kid with the Red Moustache's fist-raising temper is framed by the indie rock trinity: electric guitars, bass, and drums. Like the contemporaries listed above, these boys write songs that give faith to the suburbs, they reinvigorate a struggling genre, one that has been lacking in the ass-kicking department since Giant Drag kicked out a jam.The harmonized vocals are fierce on cutting loose, chockfull of narratives and youthful verve. Although, nearly undistinguishable at times, fragments emerge from the crushing guitars and relentless drums, "... it was an act of god / and you say that god must be / must be so proud!" from the unremittingly paced "Captain Kid."Blacklist the Kids with the Red Moustache is up front with nostalgia, ensemble lyrics and soaring guitars melting in fuzz while the hard-hitting drums pound out a rhythm that could chip commandments into stone. If only it were '94, these carefree anthems and angular reinventions of the three-minute pop song would be punctual: intelligent, experimental song craftsmanship, wry literate lyrics, and more hooks than a tackle box.The right people have taken notice of this remarkably unsigned Los Angeles foursome. Mixed by Harris Newman (Wolf Parade) and produced by Howard Bilerman (Arcade Fire) and Colin Stewart (Destroyer), the Henry Clay People is poised to obliterate the spongy folk pop and uninspired rock pouring from suburban garages. The baton is passed.  (Self-Released)
One of my favorite bands during the NY Hardcore scenes. It revs me up and brings me back to 25 years ago when I was a kid and going to shows.Side by Side actually had a true musical knack where alot of other bands were just noise. They were alot of fun and energy. Very nostalgic!
If you like Ani, you'll love Athens Boys Choir. I just saw him live and he is amazing. If I could give him 6 stars, I would.
I just loved this album! I have albums "Bent Circuit", "Hit me with your Tail Wag", "Wasted Ladies" of the "When Girls Collide" Crush Record label all on my IPOD and listen to them often, or sometimes enjoy a shuffle surprise!  LC Messinger of "Unknown Gender" days (you tube search), one of the first girl bands of the Punk New Wave era, influenced by her semi recent move from California to Texas, brings a kind of Spaghetti Western Texas Twang to her latest album.  As a skilled song writer and poet she manages to take a number of subjects and extract the simple, stringing her words and music (all written, produced, played and recorded by her) together with thought provoking messages and observations about life, love, politics, the world and keep them fiercely personal yet nostalgically universal in their human relationship.  Like a circus entertainer, she directs your attention from ring to ring effortlessly. Her vocals are stylized and interesting, though her vocal range is limited; she has a quirky, odd and idiosyncratic way of moving along a song with her guitar and other instruments, to produce very mixed genre of textured sound and moods, which often will have you visualizing scenes in your head. Travel with her from California to a big "Texas Sky" to get to know her, it'll hook you into making the drive as there is so much to know about LC Messinger; girlfriend, loner, observer, mirror, song writer, animal lover, and producer of her own recording studio, "Crush Records" its not everyone who can use a singing saw and really make it work!
I first heard this album on Pandora and was so impressed with its ability to not only help me concentrate but also to help me fall asleep at night. It is so relaxing!I've been listening to this type of music for a few years and if you're looking for relaxation/theraputic type music you will love this one.I purchased the download from Amazon's download service (which I heard about from a friend) and it now resides on my iPod and my Zune.You really will love it as it runs in the background while you do office work or when you are in a contemplative mood.I wish William Basinski would do more of this type of meditative sound/music.
Love love love this band. Great album. Very unknown band from san francisco that should be played all over the airwaves :)
Where have I been, that I missed this and slept on this one. In my extensive Google searches, it seems this band broke up a number of years ago, and boy am I bummed. After trying to get some idea who they where or where they're from, the best I can figure it out is that they were from Chicago, put out a few records and went on a lot of tours. I think they might've played the fallout boy once...Anyway, these are 11 of the greatest songs I've ever heard. I've tattooed two of the songs in their entirety on my forearms. Good thing they don't have a lot of lyrics.Actually, next month I'm getting two more songs on each calf.I listen to this record almost daily. And it's the first record that I've bought multiple copies up, which is weird, for a digital download.I recently met with a private investigator, who assures me he can find them. I'd like to have a meeting with them and to see if we can get them back together for at least maybe one last 7 inch.To sum it up, I love it!
Billy Schuh and the Foundry Field Recordings are an illusive and mysteriously vague bunch, but boy will their music speak leagues. Soft-spoken, peaceful, and powerful, these songs are a calm perspective of industrialization and civilization ripping through nature as we fight the animals we really are in favor of classy business-suit moguls. Those themes are much further portrayed in their more recent work, but this EP still suffices as an instrumentally moving and lyrically thought-provoking masterpiece. Here's to hopes in favor of FFR accelerating to be a big-time band in the Indie scene, because the fans few and far know they deserve it.
they were an amazing band for their time...i did have the pleasure of seeing live performances in New York City.
This is a fantastic price for an amazing album.  There are some very well written introductions and reviews regarding this artist and his highly unique musical approach.  I will not cover that same ground except to say this one man band puts forth more soul and intensity in this album than most bands can achieve in their careers.  While his most recent album "Feed the Family" may be a bit more accessible, this album captures the feel of his live performances which are an experience not to be missed.  Possessed by Paul James is a highly unique combination of blues, folk, and old time music that also defies each of those categories.  I could only describe it as a sublime combination between the heart, authenticity, and song writing of Townes Van Zandt combined with the driving sound and spirit of the greatest of the delta and hill country blues musicians.  This is a man with much to say and an incredible command of multiple instruments--guitar, banjo, fiddle, mandolin and diddly bow--all punctuated with a stomp box and vocal tics, howls, and grunts that add to the drive and pulse of the music.  While one can often hear the deep pool of influences that PPJ draws from, it is given back in a manner that is truly unique to his vision and approach to music.  There is an intensity and rawness here, an always present sense of dissonance, that may not be everyone's cup of tea--that said, if its your cup of tea you will be rewarded in a manner that carries the risk of making other music sound like mere background noise in comparison.  It might be wise to check out some of the youtube clips of this artist, that way one can hold the visual image of a musician who absolutely lays it out there and bares it all for his listeners.  Here is link to the song "Men, Men, Men":[...]If this resonates with you at all, come back and hit purchase ASAP, you will not be disappointed.  One Foot in Heaven/Hell, Nightmare Waltz, Committed, Color of my Bloody Nose--heck every song on this album captures the essence of PPJ.  If your not convinced, check tour dates, he usually plays in small venues with a minimal cover charge--probably about the same price as this album about $5.  It may very well become the standard by which you judge other live performances and will certainly confirm that $5 to see his performance or obtain an MP3 version of his album is the very definition of a "steal."  Again, dont take my word for it.  Search for background info on PPJ and video clips of his performances or the trailer of the movie that features him "the Folk Singer"[...]and you will very likely find yourself obsessed with Possessed by Paul James.
he is amazing! single musician doing everything and evoking emotions that will touch you all over inside and out. enjoi
Patrick Park is fantastic.  His lyrics are phenomenal and his music entices you to listen very closely.  I cannot think of a Patrick Park song that has ever disappointed me.  This live album is a great mix if you just want to get a flavor of his style.  Hopefully buying this will lead you to purchase other music by this great artist.
This album is awesome if you like the movie and are interested in listening to what the songs originally sounded like, and a few of the songs actually sound much better than in the film's soundtrack (aside from the production value).But for some reason Amazon (as well as iTunes) got the track names of "Night Surgeon" and "Legal Assassin" mixed up.
If you attended Miami University in the late 1980's and listened to 97X then you have heard this awesome and quirky little tune. I can't believe I finally found it! It took me forever to even remember the name of the song. I thought is was "Bacalla" but wasn't 100% sure. Then by chance I stumbled on a 97X tribute site and downloaded an Excel file containing the entire 97X playlist. Sure enough I found the song and the band! Now I am here on Amazon enjoying this crazy tune from my college days once again. It will be the lead off track on my iPod's gym playlist tonight.As for the song itself... The best way to describe "Bacalla" is Bon Scott-era AC/DC playing alternative pop punk. Download this song! You won't be disappointed.
"Kill the Poor", "Nothing to Say" - great songs!  The recordings are very clear - my only negative comment is that there seems to be a few too many scattered, inserted guitar lines for my tastes - it gives a hint of mainstream country sound, sometimes, something I don't really care for.  The construction of the music, as well as the lyrics; however, shows that this music is quite different.  The album has a very unique and true sound that I will listen to over and over again (I've already bought five copies for myself and friends).  The Red Smear website also has a few downloads (Honea Path is outstanding) which I had to grab to get a feel for how a live show would sound.  For $10, you can't get a better deal on a QUALITY album!  I recommend this disc to anyone who appreciates great music and actually retains a hint of common sense!  -I've just heard the lead guitarist has been fired from the band. Guess that ends my hopes for more. Buy this now, because I don't expect I'll see this group around for long ... at least not the same group I've enjoyed in the past. Well it was good while it lasted - search out some good heart-felt music elsewhere, and please let me know if you can find it, because it's becoming more of a rarity every day. Too bad heart can't mix with production any longer.
I love Andrew so this is a little one sided. This is not good as some of his full LPs, but Soldier On has some songs (Oh Sister) that are amazing. The remix is not good at all for a remix but is a good Andrew Bird song (if that makes sense). So this is a must buy for a Bird fan, if you are new to him get one of his bigger works like Armchair or Production of Eggs first then come back to this if you enjoyed those.
This Ep is a must have for any ANdrew Bird fan. The cover of Dylan's Oh Sister is way cool. You could only get the track before on a bonus disc in a MOJO magazine. My other favorite track is the opening track. I can;t wait until next year when his new album will be released.
Now that the circa 2000 generation of so-called No-Wavers found favor with major labels and can afford slicker production, you might ask "who will fill these shoes?"  Taking it back to the beginning, Montr&eacute;al's Duchess Says is here now, spitting on your trust fund and in your Pro Tools rig, bouncing and sweating like East Village kids circa 1980.  DS begins "Ccut Up" with a subtle imitation of Rush's "Tom Sawyer" then slink into overdriven bass guitar, analog stabs, sci-fi leads and singer Annie-C's fusion of shouts and synthesized Mariah Carey high notes (the cool ones); "A Century Old" groans under how-low-can-you-go bass, a chugging backbeat, echo vocals, shrieks and organ lines eviler than anything in the early-middle Siouxsie oeuvre.  Nodding to their influences while adding enough of their own dynamic flavor, Duchess Says takes their music (and careers, hopefully) far beyond the usual disposable spasticity of the genre.
Each of Vic's solo albums has it's own flavor... and this one showcases the sweet sound of heartbreak. Everyone I've turned on to Vic's music has fallen in love with it, anyone with a pulse can relate to the songwriting. Heartbreak without sounding sappy. It's glorious stuff.
This is the best CD I've gotten in a long time. Vic always writes amazing lyrics, and the songs featuring Lisa are especially good.
If and when there is such a trip, this album is going with me. It's just that good. Nuff Said.
Donita Sparks is one of my heroes.....A woman who tells it like it is, and really doesn't care if it makes you cry.Her new stuff, if not as crunchy as "Hungry for Stink", etc., still rocks hard and smooth, and her lyrics are still to the point: "If I didn't have so much class/I'd whisper to you (what you can stick up your a**).Classic!(And 5 times better than most of the cookie-cutter junk passing for "rock" these days).It would be nice to see her (and Dee and the new band) get some radio play, but unfortunately, it'll never happen...Anyway, If you like L7, or just good rock in general, give this a listen.
Long overdue in this bleak musical sea we're all traveling through, Sparky returns to save the day!I bought this from her website just to have a hard copy (plus I can rip the songs at the higher/better sounding 320 kbps), and got a bonus sticker - pretty cool & all for $12, including postage.I've been a huge fan since I saw L7 twice in the mid '90's - both great shows.  Every album is a gem (especially the frequently overlooked "Slap Happy", the band's coda).In this bleak era of corporate manufactured pop-metal-rock nothingness, Donita provides a jarring and sweet reminder of what good rockin' fun is all about.Do yourself & a friend a favor - give this a listen then go catch her live.
I'm not a music critic, so I don't have anything deep to say. I think this is a bang-up album, like pretty much all Nico Vega. High-energy.
I love stuff like this...remember all those great Rhino compilations. This one is just as good ! I love the Not Lame company...they should get a medal of honor or something. Great rock n roll for those of us starving for it ! Look at any popular music chart today, read it...then listen to some top 40 radio...it's absolutely sickening. I can't do it without heaving! What happened to good ole rock n roll?!?!? Well, it's here...look around Amazon...go to your underground record store in your hometown...listen to Little Steven's Underground Garage radio show...support great music...Dave in MA aka: LBB
This album is raw, powerful, and strongly pulling.  I've been on the hunt for these for a while, and now that they're on Amazon, I could get them.  The best song in my opinion is Lollipop, hard hitting and yet with a gentle edge too.
I can't praise this album enough. These guys kept coming up on my Pandora Reel Big Fish channel. I downloaded the entire album and it's great from start to finish.They have put together here a ska/reggae/punk/alt mix that is as good as anything put out by bands such as Streetlight and Less Than Jake. It's upbeat, with some of the highlights being &#34;Silver Lining,&#34; a soaring tune that is a great morning inspiration, and &#34;Moments and Memories.&#34;I can only hope they're hidden in some underground lair at this very moment recording a third full-length album.Anyone with even latent tendencies to like ska should check these guys out. You won't be disappointed.
These guys are really great. I just wish they didn't live so far away I would love to see them live.
Just when you think everything's been done in Neo-Surf, The Coffin Daggers elevate the genre.  This is no garage band--it's very sophisticated surf music.  "Psychonaut" ranks among the best surf tunes ever recorded.The guitarist Viktor Venom has had experience in some indie bands I haven't heard, and it's obvious he knows what he's doing.  The funeral parlor organ and jazz electric piano provide great counterpoint to the guitar.  I'm not one of those reviewers who says "Just buy it," but in this case, you really have to hear it.  The MP3 in encoded at a decent rate--the sound is quite good.  The CD sounds better if you can find it.You might think this is hyperbole, but The Coffin Daggers are the new wave of Neo-Surf.  These compositions are way beyond Man Or Astroman? and Los Straitjackets's "riff 'n a bridge".
This album will get low ratings because people take it literally.  However, it wasn't intended to be taken seriously, this album is hilarious!
For anyone who's into that pure unadulterated hard rock--this latest effort from Shiragirl is just for you!
This CD, its entire contents, represent the idea of 'ART' in it's most beautiful, poetic form.  Consisting of 52 tracks that range from touching songs such as 'Kitty' and 'Special2me', to lighthearted songs such ABC(For Kids) (Also highly educational, I mean I am by no means an educator, but if I were teaching my kids their ABC's I'd totally educate at them with this track.)  And at 52 tracks, this album is a better deal than any other music that is available today.  Every song is miracle in song form.  It's just that magical.  If you can listen to the samples, and still cannot be moved to buy this album, then perhaps you have no taste in music at all, or are poor.
That hopefully gives you an idea of how talented A Particularly Vicious Rumor is in regards to lyrical substance and the skill level of the piano work on display. It's really not far off to put her on Fiona's level, which, from me at least, is basically the highest compliment you could give another female singer/pianist. LadyBabyMiss is what the singer calls herself now. Both she and Fiona have beautiful voices, great piano work, and (best of all) captivating lyrics.While APVR isn't as lyrically dense or musically eclectic (it's just a piano and drum set-up, aside from one or two tracks), the story within each song always belies an intelligent and worldly perspective. Sometimes sad, sometimes strong... "Swimming," "Everything," "Brave" and "Snail Song" are standouts for me. The whole album is brilliant, though; not a single weak track. It's so good, I often had to stop myself at first, because it was just TOO much of a good thing. It's very rare for me to find something that's both unique AND immediately accessible these days.I've played the album for a few other people - friends, parents, etc. - and without fail they're impressed in under a minute. Highly recommended.
Awesome music with a real retro sound that will get you up and dancing. Stand outs from this disc are Tunnel Vision and the hit Dreaming of an M16. If you're a fan of The Cure, you will love The Shapes.
This is one of those rare bands that really caught my ear on Pandora. I got really excited and did some further investigation only to find out that their ship had already sailed - the band was no more. This is usually a stopping point for me, but I really liked the music and bought the cd anyway, much to my credit. This is an excellent cd with good songs throughout in the indie/psychedelic vein mined by the Flaming Lips and Grandaddy around the same time frame. Excellent vocals, lyrics, playing - they really had it all except good fortune. Maybe the band's name threw people off as it doesn't really allude to the music within. This is not a Mariachi band. I have seen some other great bands, such as Marjorie Fair or Neva Dinova that fail in this respect as well. Highly recommended.
I just recently became a fan of 'Sea and Cake'  This is their first album; I believe and I love it! So relaxing. I think my blood pressure goes down just listening to it!  Love 'So Long to the Captain'  'Lost in Autumn' (good music to listen to before bedtime!)  'Choice Blanket' is very upbeat...for Sea and Cake!  The whole album seems to take me back to an early Summer from a long time ago. Almost a dreamy, back in time feeling. Just very relaxing.
Follow up to "The Beat Goes On",  the Philadelphian, Pa. band has toured all over God's green acres since.  A very active heartbeat here as the sound structure is quiet then balistically explosive with lyrics shooting out across the screen at light speed.  Reality content of emotional nature but no hint of emo pussy crap here.  A very loud black metal sped up thrash appeal even a bit faster than fast Slayer.  The 11 songs time about 18 minutes but the production is crisp and the c.d. has a glossy page for every song booklet.  This is the artist from philly that is not the hipster and the rave party that is straight edge.  Very clever and very loud in a time where we are at our wits end we have cope sounds for relief.  Not crazy at all.  George Hirsch is a genius.
If you are a science geek with a bit of pop-punk you'll like this CD.
The Phenomenauts are back to defend the Planet Earth with their brave and unique style of Rocket Roll. "For All Mankind" is easily their best work yet. They really belnd the rockabilly from "Rockets and Robots" and the new-wave synth punk from "Re-entry" together well to create some awesome, toe-tapping space tunes to remind you that Earth is the best because The Phenomenauts proudly call it their home. All the tracks are excellent, with "Make a Circuit", "Infinite Frontier", and "She'll Launch" being a few standouts. If you ever have a chance to check out a Phenomenauts mission make sure you do. This band HAS to be expierienced live. Do yourself a favor and pick this CD up today. It even comes with a sweet booklet and pin! =Science and Honor=
Infectious tunes, clever and funny lyrics...this CD has some of everything I love.  If you are a dweeb, you will be part of mankind that loves this band in general, and this cd in particular.
what a great albumand they are touring sooncant wait to see themrocket roll
The Phenomenauts have put out another phenomenal album! Rocket-roll at its finest! The album, if bought new, even comes with a Phenomenauts pin! You won't be disappointed.
I JUST GOTTEN IN TO COLONY 5.JUST THIS PAST MONTH .AND LET ME TELL YOU .THIS IS THE BAND OF THE YEAR ON MY CARTS .THIS BAND HAS A MIX OF .DEPECHE MODE -SEA BOUND-ASSEMBLAGE 23.ON IN ONE..VIEW THE BAND ON YOU TUBE ..YOU WILL LOVE THEM ...EBM/DARKWAVE AT IT,S BEST
This album is free and expressive.  Good beats, easy to listen to and still very powerful.  The vocals are amazing as they go from reflective to banshee and back.
This is an amazing disc from a little know psychedelic / trance band from, of all places, San Antonio Texas.  I was fortunate enough to see them play live over the course of 2 years before they went their seperate ways, and this is a complilation of some of their best shows.  Even thought the tracks are from 4 different shows, they are all seamlessly rolled into one sonic journey. The price for the disc in download format is absurdly inexpensive and worth many times more.  Highly recommended.
Surprised to see only one other review for this disc on here. I consider this and "The Biz" as kind of their 15 minutes in the sun, though that does not mean the other discs maybe any less in quality, it was just the period in which I was most amazed and impressed by their sound, there seem to me many great tracks on all their albums but the template seems to have been formed and solidified by this point into a unique kind of mix of technique and style that became all their own and set them apart from the majority of artists working in the college radio/underground scenes. The best tracks here seem to me "Sporting Life", "The Argument", "There You Are", and the closer "Do Now Fairly Well". I've really enjoyed this one over the years it really has a great feel and vibe across the board and has stood the test of time even 15 years after it was introduced to the world!
When I first heard this album 15 frigging years ago (man time goes fast) it made an immediate impression on me. Listening back to it now (2012) this album has stood the test of time and is definitely one of my favorites from this period.To call The Sea and Cake 'indie rock' is not exactly accurate. They're not really rock at all. Though they do use electric guitars, but there is far more in common melodically with late 60s to 70s Bossa Nova and MPB than there is rock or even other 'indie rock' bands.Vocal wise, Prekop is limited in range, but he makes it work with his relaxed breathy style. This album was the first of the band's extensive use of electronics, which lasted about 4 albums or so, but this one seems to do it the best while leaving the rawness of the band in tact. This is something they have also achieved again recently on their most recent "A Moonlight Butterfly" release.There's a certain sad vibe (but not depressing) to The Fawn that makes it a special release. It somehow has the ability to awake a nostalgic feeling even upon first listen.Repeated listening holds up incredibly well. Production is brilliant. Drumming is signature McEntire and some of his best work. Highly recommended.
I first heard this album while driving with some friends from St. Louis.  I was especially intrigued....This album was mentioned to be one of the best local albums to be released in the last 5 years.  Kevin Buckley of Grace Basement is a real musician (singer, lyrics, guitar, drums, keyboard - he does it all!).  He has received impressive and deserved reviews.  This album is one of my "Top 25 Most Played" on iTunes!Review: [...]MySpace:  [...]
Excerpts from reviews and press:"Triply more interesting than [Evanescence]... James' voice seeps in like a velvet wind...Surpassed all of my expectations." - Virus! Magazine, Germany"Well, WELL worth the wait...Certainly the most earnest and articulate lyrics of what I've seen lately. Highly recommended." - Gothic Beauty Magazine, USA"The next Pink Floyd...I was transfixed through the entire album...It was at some point in 'I'll Never Leave' that I started to cry. " - Malice Radio, Pennsylvania"A layered, remarkably realized vision...sneaks up on you and ingratiates itself." - Localist Magazine, Arkansas"AJ's vocal delivery can be very emotionally penetrating. Only a really anthracite soul would fail to be touched." - MorbidOutlook.com, New York"For a band dressed in all black on a 98-degree day, Das Gift is actually a fun-loving bunch...Das Gift is fighting against the mundane music that populates the FM dial." - Sync Magazine, Arkansas
Ive Been the biggest fan for years and years, I was thrilled that he was bringing a new albam and for only pennies a song I thought that was way cool. Then I saw it said instramental I thought "this could be different" I was right, The way it was composed and produced is genius just like trent I would say. Most of all its about talent Trent has more talent in one finger then most do in thier whole body. I get tired of people bashing "new or different" stuff he produces. lastly If you have ever seen Trent play Ghosts live it will blow you away..simply unreal.
Ghosts I-IV is absolutely amazing, their best since The Fragile. It's instrumental but it's still amazing, you just have to use your imagination with every track. It's more powerful than a lot of bands with lyrics. It shows that the lyrics and vocals aren't the most important part and you don't need them. Trent Reznor shows his musical talent more. Some songs are more industrial and faster similar to other NIN songs. Some of them are also slower, more unique and atmospheric. Trent Reznor makes every album original and they all sound different, some more than others. Ghosts and Broken are almost 100% different. I don't understand why somone would give this a 1 star review. It kept my interest and I was amazed by it.
Hello!This is the first Nine Inch Nails I have ever heard... and bought it because Adrian Belew is all over it. Since then I got a hold of The Slip and Still. I had seen their CDs around but never ventured to buy them...Is the rest of their stuff so good?Thanks!
Trent Reznor has been full of surprises for his fans over the last couple years and this new work certainly will surprise and amaze anyone with the attention span to explore it. There's a lot of music here--all instrumental as noted elsewhere, but with a tremendous range of moods and textures. Each section (I - IV) seems to have its own atmosphere, but even within each of these sections, Trent provides incredible variety. Those seeking something like "With Teeth" or "The Downward Spiral" may be bewildered. This is not an album of rock songs exactly. It is more like some of Trent's remix work, but even that doesn't quite prepare you for the subtle delights of this CD/download. Mr. Reznor's decision to leave the majors was a courageous and savvy move, but it wouldn't mean as much if he did not use his new freedom to experiment and challenge his fans with some new musical horizons. This he does!Ghosts is dreamier and more spacious than most of Trent's previous albums. It's more like a NIN version of an Aphex Twin ambient work, or perhaps a mutant Brian Eno CD. But make no mistake--this is pure Trent, with plenty of haunting piano melodies, squelchy sounds, complex rhythms, and crunchy guitar parts. I just want to give you some kind of aural reference point. If, like me, you have always enjoyed Mr. Reznor in the role of sonic architect--the way he sculpts amazing sounds, rhythms, and textures even in his more straightforward songs, you will get a lot of pleasure from this offering. Here's hoping this is just the beginning of a rich creative period for both NIN and other innovative musicians taking Trent's lead and breaking out of the old music business paradigm.
We were all suprised when trent one day put up this album on his site to sample and have a series formats to recieve it.  I know alot of people are more into the aggressive trent, but this is a masterpiece.  What he accomplishes with simple instrumentals goes far and beyond what many bands are able to convey with words.  The music speaks for itself and leaves you to feel the message that is trying to be expressed with each track.  Totally a must have for any nin fan.  Great music to relax to and be a little introspective.  Listen to the samples, see if you like it.  I'm sure you would.
I just can't stop listening to it over and over again.  I'm a programmer and it's hard for me to focus when I'm listening to most music.  This album is subtle enough for me to stay focused on coding but the album is intriguing and rhythmic enough for me to bop my head to it now and then.  It's a perfect balance of ambient and traditional instrumental.  A bizarre quality about this album is that after hearing the entire album more than a dozen times, I still don't feel the need to fast-forward past certain tracks.  This is the first NIN album that I've purchased since The Fragile.Perhaps part of the reason that I like it so much is that I had low expectations of crack noise before I tried it out.  After listening to only four tracks though, I flipped out over it!
To put it shortly, this is an excellent album at an irresistible price.  I am a huge fan of Brian Eno, and this music is very reminiscent of the ambient music he creates.  I would akin this album more with Eno's slightly darker works such asThe DropandThe Shutov Assembly.Trent Reznor has created an eclectic collection of sound pallets and timbres with this album.  Many of the songs feature the trademark, beat-driven, industrial crunch that NIN is known for.  Other songs are more atmospheric and create a moody sound environment for the listener.  Some songs are very alternative and guitar driven, while other songs are piano/synthesizer driven and very static and impressionistic.  One thing that particularly stands out is the influence of "musique concr&egrave;te" on this album; Reznor incorporates environmental sound effects and noises into the music a great deal.All in all, you can't go wrong with this album.  Spectacular music at a spectacular price.  Highly, highly, highly recommended for fans of ambient music or Brian Eno.
I suspect most fans of Trent will enjoy this release, but customers should be warned that the files do not include either the PDF nor the individual embedded images (1000 x 1000 pixel) in the tracks for each song as you get from the Ghosts website.
Anyone who knows NIN will tell you that Trent Reznor produces some amazing instrumentals - "La Mer", "A Warm Place", and "Just Like You Imagined" to name the best of the best. But a whole album of instrumentals?  Moreover, 36 tracks of instrumentals?  Well, I was curious about this.  I sat there with my iPod and listened to the whole thing, and then again.....after a third listen, I concluded that this was some of the best work NIN has put out....its so different, and, let's face it, Trent was never the kind of musician who would "go with the flow".  I recommend this album to ANYONE who is an NIN fan, or a fan of industrial music.  TOP NOTCH!!!!!!!!
with out words - better left unsaid. thats what I entitled my own personal collection of NIN's instrumental tracks over there long and glorious album history. this CD is like that but with a whole lot more. the entire CD is just something to relax to at the end of the day. even if your in the worst of moods and nothing is going right by the end of this 2 CD set you will be at ease and in better spirits. this is a must have for all NIN fans
Trent has not only created a masterpiece in Ghosts I-IV but has also raised the bar on the music industry. Year Zero was brilliant on a musical level but for me covered new non-musical ground too - the color changing disc and added imagery of decoding binary to get to a website was a level beyond were major labels would normally go.Ghosts is essentially all those moody twisted textures found in NIN in one place. Distortion is used as a primary tool on this recording, making the process of decay seem so beautiful and creative. More so than on other NIN records this one leaves you in your own head for the whole thing. You're making your own story, adding your own emotion and finding your own metaphor. That's what makes this album different every time you listen to it.
For those now familiar with Reznor's work on the score for the film " The Social Network" alongside friend Atticus Ross and the dark, lo-fi ambiance it created, Ghosts i-iv works very much in the same vein but straying into heavier frontiers making it somewhat more interesting, although it certainly maintains the subtle beauty one can hear in the Social Network. All instrumental, however certainly all Nine Inch Nails. A must have, especially if you enjoyed The Fragile.
Throughout Trents Albums or "Halo's" he has teased his fan base with his ability to create dark and brooding Ambient tracks that seem to go on forever.  And then the Disc ends in what seems abrupt in the way that someone came into the room and told him to stop.  Now he's releasing what seems like 4 bodies of work that seem to pick up or rather create the subtle undertone of a waste land that Year Zero and its R3M1X3D Album had created.  I have truly enjoyed this album and am excited to hear that Reznor isn't done yet.  I only hope that with 26 Halo's to his name that he'll see fit to "Bless" us with at least 26 more.
This instrumental album is great for relaxing.  It is unlike any of NIN's other music I have heard.  A must buy.
I have always loved NIN,  but honestly,  I enjoyed the Fragile more than any of his albums simply because of the instrumental tracks.  I like his voice and all,  its just not that great sometimes.  I would rather hear his instrumentals than his voice.  You would probably need to be a fan of instrumental music to fully appreciate this CD.  Its diverse,  its broody, its dark, and its a great journey.  Listening to this type of music is for people with a good imagination,  have open active minds, and generally steer clear from the normal composure of a track.
i hell like this. one of my favourites, its good to chill to and put you in the mood.
There's not much left to say about this release...Is the perfect Soundtrack for real-normal life. For happy, rainy or depressed days.It just melts in your daily life.
I've never been a NIN fan, other than the tracks they contributed to the Natural Born Killers soundtrack. (and yes, I've owned several of their CDs) But when the Dresden Dolls newsletter announced that Brian Viglione was on a couple of tracks on the new NIN release, I liked the Dolls enough to check out Ghosts.  So I checked out the player on the NIN site to sample a few tracks.  The first track intrigued me...  this was nothing like the NIN I was familar with. This was all instrumental..  By the third track, I was completely ready to buy the whole thing.I suspect that if you're looking for more screaming NIN, you won't find this release to your taste, but for the first time, I'm taking Trent Reznor seriously as an artist.
I never thought I would get to the point where I could say I liked a new NIN record, but this one blows that thought of the water.Excellent body of work, only small elements of his recent work (With_Teeth, Year Zero) but I feel as though he's getting back into his Fragile days.  It's completely instrumental... I think he's realized that his voice isn't what it used to be.  The album is heavily conceptual, very few tracks (if any) stand out more than others, forcing a listen in it's entirety.If you are familiar with Set Fire to Flames, you will definitely appreciate this record.  Experimental, yet harmoniously comes together to provide listeners with something new and well executed by Trent and company.
I was searching the web 2 days ago when I found out the NIN had brought out another album. So I bought the CD off there website, and I think its one of the best Nine inch nails cds that i have heard in a long time. Now im gonna go and relax to this amazing piece of work from Trent Reznor.as always Peace,The Movie/Music Guy.
The soundscapes, solos and blends of styles are fluid, smart, amazing and a welcome break from the shrill and braindead drivel thats out there. Trent Reznor, Adrian Belew,Atticus Ross,Alesandro Contrini and Brian Vigilone create a masterpiece. Its great to have an instramental collection of this calliber.
I haven't been anything but a casual fan of NIN since Pretty Hate Machine but wanted to say 2 things.  This is an AMAZING collection of art.  It is simply ART.Secondly everyone who has any love for the future of music MUST BUY THIS and help put an end to the current music industry.  It is stifling and killing all creativity.  Even if you're not a fan of NIN but still believe in freedom of creativity and are fed up with the current state of music...BUY THIS ALBUM.  Do your part.  This is history in the making and it really will make a difference.
Yes ladies and gents hes done it again, trying something new and succeeding in bringing different atmospheres of music. There are no vocals to warn anyone who has the impression there are, instead its more like "La Mere" from The Fragile album (minus the french chick singing). Some tracks are soft, some with climaxes then goes back to soft. A mixed blend of acoustic guitar, piano, drums, and other intruments creating more of the sounds that Trent made. The best way to look at each track is by keeping an open mind and listening to each one with some time in between each one. If you listen to both CDs from beginning to end I think you miss allot of what Reznor is trying to present to you. Bottom line, I think its great but everyone has a different opinion.
The reason I've become drawn to NIN is mainly due to the experimental music.  I like the vocal side when a full-blown album is done but this mp3 set truly embodies what can be considered the core of NIN.  I have yet to hear anything Trent and the team create that I don't fully enjoy from first to the repeat listens.  It's taking me longer to go through the NIN music collection and I'm absolutely fine with the end-less adds to it: original, remix, & instrumental.
I'm about halfway through this right now and it's an incredible album so far.  Be sure you know you're checking out an instrumental album, but as long as you were a fan of "A Warm Place" or any of Trent's other mostly instrumental songs, you'll enjoy this immensely.If you listen closely, you might even catch a few motifs from Closer and other songs.  :)
I purchased the disital download of this album fully aware that it was an instrumental album, and that there would likely be nothing I would ever hear on mainstream radio.That being said, I really enjoyed this album.  It uses a lot of the same counterpoint style of composition that Trent Reznor really started using heavily during "The Fragile".  It is a good study in how classical training can be used in other forms of music.Many of these tracks would be wonderful in movies (such as the heavy use of NIN's music in "Man On Fire").  There is a certain quality to the way the music is layered and many of the peices build to a very pleasant climax.If you enjoy NIN for the music between the hits, you will love this album.
Move over The Fragile and Year Zero, bow down to your new king Ghosts I-IV.This is an absolutely amazing instrumental album that ranges from quiet piano type tracks ala Still to complete noise mixes ala Driver Down from the Lost Highway soundtrack.