The samples sound great - but the MP3 album can't be bought outside the U.S. Why?! It seems a bit silly to pay twice the price for the album just to wait two, maybe three weeks for it to arrive in the mail just so I can save it on my computer and transfer it to my MP3 player...
This is not a review of the recordings but a warning that the MP3 download is defective.  I tried to download the album but what I received was a completely different recording of entirely different works.  I'm still waiting for Amazon to refund the purchase price.
I don't normally complain about a 99 cent song, but dang, the version of To Kill a Mockingbird was just awful!  You could hear people clearing their throat and all sorts of other distracting background sounds that just don't belong on a quality recording.  TKAMB is my absolute favorite movie and the music of it usually can evoke tear filled eyes just hearing the opening strains.  This rendition is just...oh my what a waste.  Fortunately Amazon sells the re-recorded full score on CD so I got that to help wash this mess away from my memory.  How very sad...what a wonderful concept to medley the main themes of the film score, and what a shame they ruined it with such a shoddy production quality.
i believe is corrupted as when you get to 5:31 playtime, you can hear static noise for 3 seconds. it's unacceptable for a company like amazon that did not check on the quality of its product before listing up for sales. i called the service department, and am waiting to hear to back their answer.
Excellent collection of compositions. Well played.Would have been nice however, to know who the composers were. CD came with titles only. No liner notes, composer names, or indication of orchestra playing making nearly worthless to me.
I agree totally with the reviewer who said that the bunch of the sonatas recorded on this CD would not make it into the Pantheon of world music. Have to add, though, the way they are played!! On the second thought, having read an idiotic rave review from Mr. Jed Distler I have to warn: I can hardly imagine a Scarlatti CD which is more boring than Scherbakov's. The pianist has absolutely no fantasy, no sense of style, no TALENT and no IDEAS! To compare this CD with Pletnev, Horowitz, Michelangeli is a travesty, is the same as to compare apples and oranges. Only someone as musically illiterate as Mr. Distler can do that. Or may be he was handsomely rewarded, one never knows...then there are no questions. In a word, this CD is boring as hell and it sounds like Scarlatti was a mediocre composer which he was not. Well, for Naxos, it is ok, since it is a repertoire label and does not care about high quality artists or hi end recording techniques. As they say, the price is right: Scherbakov is worth Naxos and vice versa. If you spent $6-7 you can use it as a fancy toaster to put a cheap glass of wine on.
I bought this on a nostalgic binge because I grew up listening to my Grandmothers Regina. How on earth does this happen??? Big Problem - Claire de Lune is nothing but creepy static. It is a shame because I love that piece. Other than that, the other songs on the recording are nice to hear again. Please fix this problem!!!!!!
This album is mislabled and mis-described.  Op. 86 IS NOT INCLUDED.  the Schumann Op 86 Concertstuck for Four Horns is not included.  Perhaps is it Op. 85.  The cover art is incorrect and the track listings are incorrect.
The part of the performance (one movement) that I heard was superb but I thought I bought the entire work (3 movements)
Buyer beware! This might be a worthwhile purchase if yours was the record they used to create this recording and having all the skips in the "right" places evokes that certain sense of nostalgia that only listening to old LPs can. Or if you like to eat Rice Krispies while listening to music, creating a "snap, crackle, pop" duet. Otherwise, skip this recording and find something with a little less hiss factor. You'll be glad you did.
Googled 'movie soundtrack - A Clockwork Orange.' Amazon.com results indicated availability through Amazon.com MP3 downloads by going to this link. Obviously NOT the soundtrack from Stanley Kubrick's "A Clockwork Orange"
This is not a complaint about the music - I'm a huge John Cage fan. However, amazon seems to have a problem with this album on it's mp3 site. Both version of Two^4 are approximately 30 minutes on the cd version, but on the mp3 site, both tracks are less than 3 minutes long. And it appears that they are just different excerpts from the track with violin and piano. Hopefully amazon will correct the files. If you're interested in this album, check out the cd version instead or look elsewhere.
I just bought these two downloads yesterday,  The music pieces are good, but this sound quality is horrible.  I know it says 256kbps,  but it does not sound like it.  Honestly it sounds like someone had a cheap tape recorder,  placed that in the middle of the Orchestra, and recorded these songs,  then they took that recording, played it over the phone, and the recorded the sound on the other side of the phone, but encoded it into 256kbps.If you like these songs,  I would suggest finding another version.
Even better, go to the clips page and hear for yourself. That's what I did, and it's the type of music I run screaming from. But not everyone's me. I'm sure some people will like this just fine.In short, a clip is worth a thousand words!
Quite a hiss through the whole performance, I just bought the Beethoven piece. Bought it and deleted it.
I cannot listen to this with enjoyment as it seems scratchy and muffled.  It is not what i expected it to be.  A poor choice on my part!
I have a collection of hundreds of CDs and DVDs. In recent years I have started to buy MP3 download. I listen to, and play, a lot of "classical" music. I am almost always satisfied with the recordings I buy, sometimes very satisfied, and sometimes even surprised. I never wrote a review before, but I find this version of Sarasate's Zigeunerweisen (Gypsy Airs) so bad, that I am compelled to write my opinion to warn other music lovers. I am comparing it to the Heifetz, Rosand, Perlman, and Mutter versions, all available at Amazon. The playing of the soloist in this version is comparable to what you are likely to hear in a High School/College student recital (and recently I have heard some High School violinist play this same piece much better). If the soloist is normally above the level of the players in the orchestra, just imagine. The recording itself is poor, amateurish, I cannot believe this is a commercial recording. I strongly encourage you to listen to the samples on line before you buy.
The down load was not complete.  The music cut off at the climax of the reprize of the "hymn" theme.  I love this peace of music and when I shecked the lengt of the download the timeing matche where it cut of.  I feel ripped off. (You xan tell from the typos I was pisssed when I wrote this)
Save your money, this is weak, slow and plodding.  Sounds like they are on some kind of barbiturates.
At the page for the 6-CD Anthology of American Folk Music collected by Harry Smith, there is an offer to buy the content of the 6 cd's for some ridiculously low price, e.g., $6.00.  The hyperlink takes one to an MP3 download page for a collection of music by Handel.  Certainly, the name of both collections is Anthology -- a title about as generic as it gets, akin to "collection" or "encyclopedia" or something -- but the similarity ends there.  The tags for the Handel collection are also absolutely wrong.  Handel is not a delta blues artist.  Amazon, please get your act together.
Having the earlier Lindsay Quartet set of the Late Quartets, I was curious about their new, more recent, digital cycle. Unfortunately, their interpretation of the opp. 130 and 133 has become much sharper and more agressive. All of the dynmaics seem exaggerated and the whole performance seems so mannered that the players call attention to themselves rather than to the music. For a digital recording, the Takacs Quartet is superb. For good analogue, the earlier Lindsays and the Talich too. If you don't mind mono, the Hollywood and Busch Quartets are still hard to beat.
Unless you enjoy paying money to hear a wonder piece of chamber music played at "a rehearsal tempo", with a violinist who occasionally misses a note, DON'T BUY THIS.  I am extremely disappointed in this recording.Shame on me for not listening to the samples.  I saw that it was performed by the Borodin Trio, and I have another recording by them which is very good.  Why this one is performed so slow is beyond me.Make sure you listen to the samples before you decide to buy.  I didn't -- and I am sorry.  It's a lousy rendition.
Do NOT order MP3's from Amazon and expect them to download to your iTunes or other plater EXCEPT Amazon's! Do not expect to be able to cancel an order for MP3's you offered by mistake! Stay clear opt Amazon's new MP3 scheme!
This is a very bad take-off on Ravel et al. It is a modern adaptation with heavy electric bass and long chords. Do not buy this.
This is not a review of the excellent music found on this album. Particularly, the Brahms' Double Concerto is an elegant interpretation.Instead, this is simply a warning that, as of this writing, the pieces on this album are all mislabeled with respect to the downloads, previews, and names. In other words, if you are looking to purchase a single work (or track), as I did, you will end up with the wrong download. Amazon have been notified about this problem but do not appear to have taken any action on it. Additionally, in the correct downloads of the Brahms' Double Concerto, both the first and third movements have a very disruptive, static-like high frequency sound that hurts the ears and is likely representative of a poor transfer from CD. I cannot confirm if the CD contains these artifacts. I can only recommend that you avoid this download until these problems are resolved by Sony and Amazon.
Thank goodness for being able to play samples; wonder how many have been ripped off?
It is an irritating feature of amazon.com listings that they give too little content information. Here, for instance, I get the name of several composers and the titles of about a dozen works, but no idea of which composer wrote which.  I happen to be interested in one of them (Anerio) but can't tell which or how many of his works are on this disc. Sorry, amazon. I need more info to buy. Get with the program!
While no one should expect audiophile quality from an mp3, the audio of mp3s is usually acceptable. This mp3 dub does not fall into that category. Audio quality is completely unacceptable: distortion, high end noise and worst low end rumble which at times sounds as though someone in the audience has turned over several chairs. Actually it sounds as if the dub was made from a poorly preserved LP played with a tone arm banging against the disc.If the &#34;create on demand&#34; CD is no better please be advised that not only will the audio quality be very poor but that the buyer will spend $9.99 for less than 23 minutes of music.If you must have Munch and the old Boston Symphony there is a fabulous collection of Munch / BSO recordings available: Late Romantic Masterpieces, a 7 CD box all well remastered from the classic, very high quality RCA Living Presence master tapes, most recorded in stereo. The set includes Francesca da Rimini, Tchaikovsky Romeo and Juliet and Symphony 4 plus much more. As of this writing the box set is a steal at less than $25.00.http://www.amazon.com/Charles-Munch-Late-Romantic-Masterpieces/dp/B0056K4UV4/ref=sr_1_1?s=music&ie;=UTF8&qid;=1398010460&sr;=1-1&keywords;=Charles+Munch
The performance is exciting, but this MP3 transfer has rendered what was good late 1950s stereo sound from RCA into a distant, murky mono.
While no one should expect audiophile quality from an mp3, the audio of mp3s is usually acceptable. This mp3 dub does not fall into that category.  Audio quality is completely unacceptable: distortion, high end noise and worst low end rumble which at times sounds as though someone in the audience has turned over several chairs. Actually it sounds as if the dub was made from a poorly preserved LP played with a tone arm banging against the disc.If the "create on demand" CD is no better please be advised that not only will the audio quality be very poor but that the buyer will spend $9.99 for only 17 minutes of music.If you must have Romeo and Juliet with Munch and the old Boston Symphony - great performance - RCA has reissued various CD transfers of his 1961 Romeo and Juliett, both bundled with Tchaikovsky Symphony 6 and in a 7 CD compilation "Charles Munch: Late Romantic Masterpieces". High quality recordings of excellent Munch performances.Munch recorded the Romeo and Juliet Overture twice with the BSO - in 1956 and again in 1961, both for RCA (see Charles Munch discography.) At 17 minutes the Amazon dub is clearly not the same recording as the RCA reissues of the 1961 recording referenced above which runs 19 minutes. If you must have the 1956 Munch BSO recording which some consider superior to the 1961 recording it is available from Haydn House in an excellent CD transfer made from RCA stereo, reel to reel tape.  Bundled with Munch's 1956 Francesca da Rimini and Munch's 1961 Strauss Till Eulenspeigel both with the BSO. Most enjoyable high quality CD, great performances. Skip the poor quality Amazon dub.
This is a pirated recording from a mono copy of the LP.  It is complete with tics and pops.  The sound is terrible with distortion in the fortissimo parts of the recording.  I thought I was getting a good copy from the original master tapes and was very disgusted with the sound.  My worn cassette copy was much better.  I would give it a zero for the rating if I could.  The performance is wonderful and exciting, but badly mangled by the transfer.  Do not buy this under any circumstances.  Instead look for the original RCA CD.  This should have been properly labeled as AAD mono.
There are several piano or synthesizer recordings of the SATB parts for Handel's Messiah available online but this is one of the few vocal practice CD with a real human voice, and the sample tracks on Amazon sounded OK, so I bought the CD for the bass part.  I had high hopes, but unfortunately it's quite disappointing.  I really tried to like it but I just can't.  The bass on the CD sings most of the notes on pitch but there are too many places where he sings with poor technique or just plain wrong notes that make me cringe.  I guess you might find this CD useful if you don't know the notes to this piece at all, because he sings most of the notes OK.  What I needed was a CD to help me practice the hard parts, but that's exactly where he makes his mistakes, so for me, this CD is not going to be that helpful.  The practice CD for the other 3 vocal parts may be fine, I can't judge that.  On the plus side, I found the string instrumental accompaniment quite nice.  One more thing -- I don't understand why this CD doesn't include the last 2 chorus pieces ("But thanks be to God" and "Worthy is the Lamb - Amen").  If you know of a high quality practice CD for bass sung by a good singer, please let me know.
Do yourself a favor and go for the midi file instead. This recording is practically useless for the purpose intended.I purchased this because I thought it would be an easy way to learn both lyrics and music while traveling to and from work and was greatly disappointed.  It is not easy music by any means, but this is supposed to be a profesional recording.... The diction and execution of the alto part is poor. At times it is difficult to discern exactly what notes the alto is attempting to execute, especially in "and he shall purify" which I really needed to work on. All parts are muddy and sometimes flat. Within one day I could not tolerate the recording anymore and had to take it off of my ipod before I went insane.  Do yourself a favor and pass this one by.
This DIY-CD is of very poor quality. Not sure wheather the singers are professional. The voices are terrible and for me it's impossible to listen to it without getting nervous. I couldn't stand this sound. It's not easy to follow the alto voice because all voices are nearly the same loudness. Better look for another learning-CD.
Crappy digital download service, and I've had it!  Ordered Rachmaninov's 4th Piano Concerto and got Tchaikovski's 4th Symphony! So far no email response from amazon. REALLY, AMAZON???Get your very wealthy house in ORDER!!!I know very well what you say the album title is, but I didn't order that way, only as 4 separate mp3s labeled the four movements of the Rachmaninov 4th!!
This is the worst Liszt recording I have ever heard.  I did not listen to the sample tracks before I downloaded the files and this was a big mistake.  In the Liszt sonata, the quality of the piano sound is extremely poor, the balance is off with one channel louder than the other, and the piano sounds like a toy piano with very bad bass and distortion.  One piece is cut off (Hungarian Rhapsody) and not completed.  I did not listen to the other tracks and called Amazon and got a refund.  Save your money and avoid this recording.
I doubt Alain Lombard sang Giovanni, Leporello, Anna, Elvira, Ottavio and the rest of the roles? Who was the genius who thought it was appropriate NOT to credit the artists who participated in this recording? That is offensive
This is not the G&eacute;rard Lesne - Il Seminario Musicale version given five glowing five star reviews. That version is truly wonderful. This version is not. The album as displayed contains no reference to the artists involved. Is this intentional misappropriation of these reviews in order to profit or an accidental error by Amazon?
One of the greatest tenors of all time!  I was so happy to find this collection available for download.  I listened to clips on iTunes and heard distortion.  I listened to clips on Amazon and didn't hear distortion, so I bought the album and downloaded it.  Sadly, loud passages on these MP3s are also distorted.  Truly a shame.  I wonder if the original recordings are distorted, or if the CD is distorted, OR if it's just these lousy MP3s.  I'm sorry to say I can't recommend purchasing this collection because of the distracting distortion.  Very sad because these are marvelous songs sung by an amazing voice.  Shame on whoever made these MP3's and shame on Amazon and iTunes for selling them in this condition.
I find it so infuriating when a cast of singers is not provided with a recording. I guarantee you that Alain Lombard did not sing all the rolesd in this recording. Why is it that companies find it acceptable to provide these recordings without crediting the singers and orchestra involved in this recording?
The Zemlinsky D minor Symphony is his First.Symphony No. 2 in in B flat.
This recording sounds as if it were made on a home recorder with Ms. Rizzo singing by the upright piano. At any rate, this recording was made far too late in Ms. Rizzo's career.
There are three new albums re-issued. that are NOT by Ray Davies of the Kinks. They are "Latin Expressions"  "Hooray For Hollywood" and "Lights, Camera, Action". They are by "A" Ray Davies, just not "THE" Ray Davies. Apparently the Ray Davies associated with these 3 Albums is an orchestra leader who does soundtrack recordings. This should be fixed by Amazon.
There are new albums that are NOT by Ray Davies of the Kinks. They are "Latin Expressions"  "Hooray For Hollywood" , "Lights, Camera, Action" and "Comedy and Romance". They are by "A" Ray Davies, just not "THE" Ray Davies. Apparently the Ray Davies associated with these 4 Albums is an orchestra leader who does soundtrack recordings. This should be fixed by Amazon.
This is my favorite aria, from my favorite opera and composer.  I cannot believe Amazon couldn't publish an MP3 from a digitally mastered recording.  At least don't give us something with vinyl needle pops recorded by an amateur.  For shame.  I've got better on my own vinyl records and cassette tapes.
This version of the Sibelius 2nd and Finlandia is very uninspired and stiff, a really terrible recording.  And it is badly overpriced, especially as a download.  For the same price you can get Sir Charles Mackerras and the outstanding Royal Philharmonic playing the same two works in magnificent performances plus the wonderfully charming Karelia Suite.Here is the web address: [...]ref=sr_1_album_76_rd?ie=UTF8&child;=B002X26UZC&qid;=1271194165&sr;=1-76
Here we see the great Cavendish series.  Who the heck are the artists?  Appealing to the 98% of the populace who have no classical music education, the people at Amazon have put together for their Prime category a Whitman's sampler of bits and snatches of classical music.  A movement here by unidentified, a movement there by perhaps identified.Amazon needs to understand that classical musicians listen to entire performances of music and are very particular about who is performing the music.  It is not like picking chocolates out of a box, hoping one will be to their taste.A real flop, and I won't be wasting my time going through their various lists of classical offerings. If I want free streaming classical I will stick with Youtube.
DO NOT BUY THIS ITEM !  The recording is wonderful but the first 3 tracks have interferrence blotches that erupt every 20 seconds or so.  If you select the "Listen" arrow on the left side of those first three tracks, you'll hear the crackling. The rest of the recording seems fine. I would love to keep this download but am going to ask for a refund.  Too bad, too.
This is the recording I grew up with.  The audio quality of this MP3 transcription is so-so; mono, of course, and lacking bass and high-end response.  Barely listenable, really.  Sadly, the 3rd movement has multiple defects.  I'm listening to it as I type this, and at 2:46, 4:54, and 5:47, it skips!  It sounds like it was transcribed from an LP without being quality-checked.
This was all classical, was looking for the 1980's. It was free so not much too complain about except it has clogged my Mp3 Downloader. I now cannot get to newer music that I ordered.
What can I say... Don't bother with this album. No album is so (words can't really describe the pain I feel when I heard this album).
The 5 star reviews that are assigned to this record are from a different CD altogether.This Past Classics release of Karajan's Tchaikovsky 5th is a joke. The sound is flat and flawed, with all the soul and elan of a stoned hippopotamus. This now sounds like someone stood in a living room with an old fashioned tape recorder and recorded the original from a lousy 1970's stereo.There are many exciting performances that Past Classics from Saland Publishing have recently dumped on the mp3 market, and each that I've sampled is vastly disappointing. Don't waste your money.
This was not the Tuba CD as is titled. It was some other music not the tuba solos. Please correct the title of this album so that it matches what is available.
glitch in the Amazon.com program would not let me download the mp3 to my computer - only put it on the cloud making the purchase of the music totally useless to me.  The program needs to be revised.
If you're happy to spend the money to hear this guy play one bach piece for 2mins 18sec, go ahead, just be aware that's what you'll be getting..
This is blatant misrepresentation and not what I wanted.  I own a beautiful cd by the same name with the same cover picture and wanted the download because there is no disc drive on new iMac computers.  I cannot describe the disappointment in discovering this is not the great, rare, obscure recording of authentic celtic musicians and singers that I love, but a schlocky compilation of ballads by corny hacks.  To add to the frustration, having opened the app, Amazon will not refund my money.  If negative stars were an option I would give this experience ten of them.
Change the person who writes the titles for the tracks, and the supervisor too, it's ok to commit mistakes once in a while because we are humans, but this isinadmissible, there are at least 20 or more wrong titles for this product which btw should be removed, please don't confuse the listeners.
Although I have nothing against classical music ... I can't stand to be deceived on the internet!  This makes twice in as many days.  Can you tell I am still upset with turbo tax for charging $65 when I initially clicked the FREE button???  Anyway ... this 'o hippie was looking forward to some "peace, love & rock n roll" tunes.  Ughhhhhh ............
These exact tracks, plus the Serenades, 6,9,10,11,12,and 13 are available on a Denon set for only 7 cents more! The music and recording are excellent, so the 1 star is only for the value. You'd be foolish to purchase this instead of the Denon set.
I bought the original cd which also included a Beethoven Piano Quartet for one dollar about 17 years ago.  Now, Amazon wants you to pay 9 times what I paid just for the symphony, with only one track.  So if you only want to listen to the finale, you have to play the entire work.  This is a big ripoff.  If Amazon is simply selling what somebody sent to them, they need to be more careful with the price and tracks.  As for the performance, it is a good one, although the first movement is a little too brisk and somewhat unyielding.  The orchestral playing is outstanding.  But for [...] bucks there are many better options.  As a matter of fact, you can get all of the symphonies for [...] bucks with Josef Krips and the London Symphony, including a sensational performance of the Pastorale.
This does not appear to be the 10th symphony of Mahler, but rather just the first movement. There is no information about this unless you select download the MP3 file and then it shows only one movement. If you download, there is no warning that it is not the complete symphony.
Not sure, but did not enjoy this album at all.There is a song called "The Juggler" that they play in a cable music station over and over and over again and it sounds like five year old children playing all the instruments..., horrible, annoying and unpleasant sound. My dog starts howling every time it plays.  Sorry, but it sounds depressing and dull
I started listening and this sounds like it may be a wonderful work, but the bass singing Moses is virtually unlistenable.  It's one of those big, unwiedly voices that has no focus and abomidable intonation.  I don't think the man sings three notes together in tune.  I can't imagine why this recording was made or issued.  I'll be checking out one of the other versions.
This guy's entire schtick, from calling himself "BachScholar" in spite of demonstrating no scholarship, to pointing out that he owns a "vintage" 1929 Steinway (are there non-vintage 1929 Steinways?), is an exercise in self-aggrandizement. One listen to any of his YouTube videos or to any of his self-published albums should make plain why he's self-publishing. There's nothing wrong with self-publishing, of course. Proust did it. What's annoying is the silly clawing for approval that's part and parcel of the effort. It's pathetic, really. So there's nothing intrinsically wrong with buying this disc, although it's an execrable performance; but if you buy it you'll only be encouraging the dude. So be careful.
The files on the digital download are not labelled correctly, some files are corrupted, and so the album is incomplete and unplayable.
Really not a fan of these recordings. Many are a mockery of what Joplin truly intended. Pieces that are supposed to be played slowly are played much too quickly, losing the nuances of the composition. Pieces that are supposed to have a faster tempo crawl at a snail's pace, boring the listener.  In repeated parts, instead of making subtle or original changes, Hall almost always just plays them an octave higher. When done for every part, it feels like the piece is mocked and poked fun of rather than sharing a musical experience. He tends to introduce awkward transitions that break rhythm between parts, and sometimes even in parts. A little more thought needed to be put into these recordings before they were published.
This recording is a sonic nightmare.  The sound is blurry, boomy and just loud.  I dont know if its the hall, the mikes, the multi channel thing, or what.  Very disappointing.  8.99 down the tube.
I don't know whether this guy is a Bach scholar or not. The self-application of the name itself smacks of charlatanism. It's not evident what scholarship has been brought to the performance -- it's hard to discern anything substantive through the almost childishly amateurish technique. The quality of the recording is poor, so I can't say anything about the regulation of the piano used in the performance. I think that if scholarship is what you're after, Kenneth Gilbert or Davitt Moroney might be better choices.
The music on this album is depressing, slow, and mostly cacophonous. The only track that isn't painful to listen to is track three, First Night and Dawn.
What could have been a superb historical item in my collection has been 'remastered' in the least sense of the word. Every scratch, pop and squeak is audible, no effort was made to enhance the audio resonance. It sounds like a high school orchestra in rehearsal...on Day One. DO NOT BUY!!!
The sample doesn't sound like music.  Anybody know whether this is flawed soundtrack, or just a poor pick for a sample section?
Has anyone noticed that the tracks are incomplete and that Gotterdammerung finishes with about 9 minutes still to go.  The immolation scene is incomplete and there is no Hagen telling everyone to get away from the ring and no concluding orchestral postlude.  I have asked Amazon to look at this but I have not heard back from them.  If you listen to track 204 it stops in mid flight and that is the last available track to download.  Very disappointing particularly when you have invested 14+ hours and you don't get to hear the fanatastic orchestral conclusion. Five stars for the recording - one star for the bad job of making it available as a download.regardsAllan
I give this rating to myself as well as to this recording! The words &#34;modern processing&#34; don't mean &#34;remastered.&#34; It's a euphemism for &#34;synthesized.&#34; ALWAYS, ALWAYS, ALWAYS sample the tracks before you purchased. In this case, there are so few MP3s available of the work of Glinka that I assumed I was simply getting a remaster of music from his opera, &#34;A Life for the Tsar,&#34; and other lesser known pieces. Caveat emptor!
This recording contains a fine performance of the first two movements of Richard Strauss's Sonatina No. 1 ("From the Workshop of an Invalid").  Sadly, in place of the third movement, the MP3 download simply repeats the first movement.  Hence the single star.
There are 9 symphonies at 4 movements each, that should make 36 tracks, yet there are only 34 tracks. This compilation is missing the 4th movement of both the 5th and 6th symphonies. Why would anyone buy and incomplete collection?
I was greatly disappointed in this purchase.  With the military bands I expected great things. Instead I could fall asleep. This type of music should stand you up, not lay you down.  I did find three pieces out of fifty.
The rules require that I must rate this product with at least ONE star. This screeching mess gave me a headache that has lasted four days! My flute playing wife hates it more than I do. That is 99 cents I'll never see again. Refund needed.
I've heard just another interpretation, by Kronos. After that I Molinari's interpretation sounds like they don't 'hear' the music, just play notes.
If your music budget is basically zero, by all means take advantage of this music-by-the yard offer.  But if you actually end up liking this music you owe it to yourself to hear some good performances, especially by the better German/Austrian orchestras.  These performances are completely lacking in the spirit of dance that is the inspiration for these pieces.  It's performances like this that make people think classical music is boring.
I'm sure I will enjoy this product if I ever get to listen to it.  It arrived broken, there is no way I can put it into my CD player.  It is cracked so badly, it will probably go into 2 pieces if I tried to play it.  I am returning it.
there is nothing Zombie Apocalypse about this album!! why did i buy this? because my GF sent me a link and i thought she had pre listen to it and gave it the green light.. my bad, this music sux! its more like music of an old vampire movie.. maybe i can find a use for it at the next Halloween party. track number 6. "5 Meditations sur l'apocalypse: Cinq Meditations sur l'Apocalypse: II. Il etait, Il est et Il vient" sounds like a mentally challenged patient got in to the Organ both at a baseball game and tried to play "take me out to the ball game! LOL, what the hell am i listening to? save your money and buy a "Harley Poe" ablum!
In a moment of weakness after reading the reviews I purchased it.  Was very disappointed. I guess if you are into Halloween music it would be ok - maybe.
Recordings from the beginning of the 20th century (Hofmann, etc) are captured better than this. Save your money. I hope he gets a proper recording of this piece.
I haven't really listened to this music too much as it is not really my style. I like Rock and roll better.
When hearing the full songs, most are tainted with discords making it sound sickly.  Not Christmas music in my book
The way it was reviewed by other listeners led me to believe there was something to this. I was looking for an excellent recording with modern equipment. What I found was a recording of high quality if you like the buzzing of bees.
This is a complete waste of time. I have buyer's remorse. The memory of the $1.99 I spent on this amateurish noise will haunt me forever. I've been looking for a way to remove all references of this nonsense from my cloud drive. I'd pay Amazon the money again to be able to somehow erase from my memory the three minutes of "music" to which I actually listened.
I tend to like music fused from different styles and eras, such as chant and New Age, so I sprang for the $.99 on this one.  An ungodly number of rather vapid songs.
or even a strong amateur.This album isn't really worth the time it takes to download, meaning if it was free it would still be a rip off.This is an album of chants with music added in after the fact and not very well.  Many of the songs have the music and the chants in different keys.I recommend skipping this one.
I like Gregorian Chanting, and I like (dubstep) remixes, and I could imagine the potenial for the two to intersect in a sort of Tiesto-like way. I was suspicious, therefore, of the other guy's low-rated review of this album.So I listened to the samples of the first 30 songs, and I see his point. Yeee-owch! Most of these songs hurt my ears to listen to. The crappy 'pop' layer on top of the Gregorian chanting not only detracts from the real-vocal sound of the artisitically-brilliant monks, but actually totally destroys it. The moods of the pieces are not well-matched at all, and while some attempt is made to keep the beats of the two layers in time with each other, I believe the other negative reiwer is right when he says that the 'pop' additions are in a different key than the original song! This is horrible.I seriously wish the original chantings had been included, after or 'beside' their remixed counterparts, so that I could go in with some crappy, free DJ software and do a better job at remixing this! Without the pop overlay, this CD would be worth 15, 20 dollars to me. Free, and 'remixed' as it is, it wasn't worth inconviencing the electrons in the wiring of my laptop to download it. Blaaahhgghh.If you have any experience with church music or chanting, Gregorian or otherwise, the utter incompetence of the remixer should be immediately apparent to you. If you've never heard the chanting of the Benedictine Monks, even via Youtube, then maybe this CD will be acceptable to you, in a kitchy, lite-pop-with-vocalizations kind of way.
This is not at all what I expected it to be. It sounds like a bad wedding band lip synching with an 80's sounding overlay.
When I bought this album I was thinking I was about to listen to some ethereal Enigma style music with with some Gregorian chants layered throughout. Boy was I totally wrong. This is nowhere near the quality of Enigma. In all honesty the songs on this album  sounds like the sample songs on my keyboard. There is nothing organic or natural sounding about the melodies. This type of sound may have worked when electronic music was first starting out but now is vastly antiquated compared to the sophisticated sound of today's techno/electronica. The monks' voices sound harmonious but when paired with the "keyboard" music the only thing that it succeeds in creating is a glaringly obvious dissonance. I'm not sure when the songs were first crafted but if they were made with better software (or under a more professional ear) this could have a been a brilliant album. I'm glad I only paid $0.99 for this album because if I paid more than that I would have been seriously miffed. I tried searching through almost all of the album (only to get to track 43 & then giving up) to see if perhaps there was at least one semi-listenable track & there wasn't. I suppose there are some people that aren't familiar with today's ambient music & like this kind of rubbish. But for those looking for a good Enigma type album please steer clear of this one.
I bought this MP3 album to experience the Shinobue. The musical pieces grate on my nerves. The pieces are depressing. There is a great deal of contrast between this music the other MP3s that I bought from other flute traditions. I don't know if I simply hate the shinobue, this particular album and composer, or if the instrument just affects my hearing. I will try again.
You don't get 50 concertos in this album - as the marketing folks don't understand that a single concerto contains several movements (usually) - and you get 50 movements - not 50 concertos - still not a bad choice of music - but unreasonably deceptive in title (and contents - as you are getting a lot less)
These are the same songs you would find at a Heterosexual wedding, why on earth must this album be prefaced with "gay".  Obviously someone is trying to make a quick buck from the LGBTQ community, but all they will receive is my contempt.
She is wonderful and I am sure this is an unforgettable recording, but when downloading MP3's I can't even tell who the composer is. This is some of the most important information you can provide. Take a little more time and do it right . . . please.
So..nice to know the composers...I have called about this..No change.,.....It is ridiculous not to have this feature in all lists.Charlie Handelman..Frustrated!!!!!
This was my first MP3 purchase. I can't find a way to access the contents in order to burn a CD that I might enjoy in my car. I can listen to the music on my Windows 7 computer, or my iPhone, but I cannot burn a CD. I'm not acomputer expert, and maybe I'm missing something, but this is my last time purchasing an MP3.As for the music itself, since I play the flute myself, of course this CD would be more interesting to me than for a non-playing person. The performances are very good, and it's fun to listen to the sonorities produced by a large group of flutists.For the average person, however, it may be a little too much.
I was terribly distraught to realize that this album is NOT really Handel's Israel in Egypt, but a mishmash of stuff ... Arabic, Hebrew AND some Israel in Egypt thrown in ... with no apparent logic.  Terribly disappointing and very expensive to boot.  I was not really careful and didn't look at the playlist before purchasing.  Fortunately, AMAZON was sympathetic to my plight.  Don't buy this if what you want is HANDEL!  Try THE SIXTEEN...it's quite pure and wonderful!  This album was NOT for me!
If you own the other TSFH albums, they rev you up. Big sound, some stirring vocals. This album is not at all the same. Vocals take center stage, and several times I thought, &#34;Is this a Disney album?&#34; I don't have a problem with Disney, but when I buy TSFH, this is not what I expect. Bought this album completely on the strength of the previous. I gave this a few weeks of rotation. It's junk.
This is not the type of music I am looking to find, especially Christmas music.This review may not make sense to some of you but here goes. I am a conservative Christian with a praise and worship orientation. I look for both subtle and obtuse worship under and overtones to the music I choose. In my opinion, this doesn't have it.
It was lame. none of the songs were even complete versions. would not even think of downloading again. waste waste
I never got my &#34;free&#34; Christmas music because I didn't want to download the Amazon &#34;i-tunes-like&#34; app.  You will not be able to listen to this on your itunes, or whatever website you choose to use because you will have to listen to it through their app.  The free music is just a ploy to get you to download Amazon-cloud, or whatever they are calling it.
Horrible choices for something that is &#34;must have&#34;. Couldn't delete the songs fast enough. Worst selections I have ever heard.
There is a musical style for everyone - this is not my style. I don't want to knock anyone that likes classical pops types of music, I just prefer not to listen to it myself. If that's your thing, this selection will probably make you happy.
I went through the hassle of downloading this, even though it turned out to be four (count'em 4) cuts that were less than memorable. Deleted them almost immediately.
extremely disappointed with this, must have Christmas Masterpieces thought there would be more then just 1 song.  All others are 99 cents each!!!!!!!
It cost nothing to download, and it doesn't play correctly at all. That makes it miserable to work with, right? If I have the same problem again on any downloads, I will remove the player and chalk it all up to experience.
Did not live up to my liking. Just songs that nobody would like to listen to at anytime of the year. A hodge podge of junk songs that some one at Amazon would think that you would like.
I don't care if it is free-I don't want Christmas music in March.  Please reverse this order!  I am frustrated!
Segments are too short.  Also, I was not interested in all 4--just 2 of them.  And I don't like being told &#34;must-have&#34;--baloney!
if you like time life christmas you'll love this, otherwise buy the time life christmas, better versions of all this music are available
I have no idea how the music is.  I'm unwilling to install some inane Amazon app to simply download some mp3s.  I simply want to download them to my hard drive and listen to them with my own chosen app.
Don't like this music.  I tried to delete it but can't get if off my Kindle.  People have different tastes so maybe someone else would like it.
I do not like this as it's not the music style that I was looking for. Glad it was free. The quality playback was fine.
The four song album is free, but if you only like one or two of the songs, Amazon will charge you ninety nine cents each to get them separately? Huh?What a ripoff!
If you're calling it free, why is each individual song shown as costing 99 cents? Which IS it, now????? Humbug!
I have no idea why I bought this, except that it was very inexpensive. The arrangements, performances, and musical choices are all irritating. Not recommended.
This album contains 13 pieces of music (actually one is just a fragment, so really twelve). Not all are concertos, but the main thing is that they say there are thirty different pieces of music because there are thirty tracks, but most pieces are multi-track works. It's blatantly fraudulent. I'm not reviewing the quality of the music or performances, and do not claim to have purchased this item.
Dont waste moneyIts not worth it  Dont waste moneyIts not worth it  Dont waste moneyDont waste moneyDont waste money
The music is orchestra and it should have said that, I thought it was just regular old love songs, classics, no where on there did it say classical music/orchestra.I hate it!
I was so mad when I found out what kinda songs these are I want my money back! It is I think the worst thing I've ever bought!
This is a stressful world  and the amount of work one has to complete each day is enormous. It is such a pleasure when  I come home, to switch on the computer and lean back listening to &#34;Love Song Classics.&#34; Within a few minutes, I have forgotten the problems and  floating in the melodious sounds of these classic pieces. Of cause listening to classical pieces is my passion, is my delight and is my mental medicine, I do  wish others could crave for this gift. If it is not your gift, then seek for it; crave for it; desire for it--I assure you that it will  be yours eventually.
I purchased this product, and for the life of me cannot download onto my computer.  I have followed all links suggested and still no dice.  The price was right, but the hype seems to overshadow the reality.  Never again!
I thought it was 100 classic PoP love songs so I was surprised to find it was opera not soft rock - my error I should have read the fine print more carefully but it is quite pleasant.
Too much background instruments.  Just wanted to hear Bogdan play the piano which he does so well.UTube showed him playing & it was just perfect.  Enjoyed it so much.  VERY disappointed in the CDBetty S. Mount Airy, MD
It is NOT Opus 56b, it is Opus 56a, the much more commonly performed orchestral version. Guess that's why they don't say who the other pianist is besides Gilels, 'cause for the Haydn/St Anthony variations there aren't ANY pianists!
I've ordered dozens of MP3 downloads from Amazon but this is, without doubt the absolute worst.  The music sounded fine on the preview but after purchasing it, guess what? It won't open with windows media player.  All I get is a message that the filename is too long. It's on my hard drive taking up space for the time being.  I'll fiddle with it for awhile to see if I can figure out how to open a file like this and then I'll delete it.  Don't buy it. It isn't worth the aggravation.
I sounds like it was played by a computer.  No musicality at all.  Even though it was only .99, it was a waste of money!
This review is based on auditions of sample tracks only. (Same as with 99 Classical Masterpieces in the same series.)I cannot imagine any human capable of playing the notes in these pieces - or any experienced electronic musician, for that matter - owning up to such lifeless, mechanical renditions.  Even the Chopin and Beethoven tick steadily along at constant tempi.  Close your eyes and you can almost hear a click track.....If this compilation appeals to you, it will take you very little time to find good, cheap compilations on Amazon featuring the handiwork of real human performers.
I bought this album without looking at the reviews first. Once I downloaded it to my computer, I hated it. It sounded like someone on the computer made this. Horrible! A waste of my money and time.
The piano quartet sounds as if they have TB andin the Adagio, it is cut short and jumps to the Scherzoas if someone bumped a needle.  The recordingsounds like an unprofessional burn of a CD fromoriginal, bad quality vinyl.  A true rip-off.And--good old Amazon--I cannot find anyway toget my money back for this.  Nice.
Beware of this music.Promoted as something it is not.Would never buy this artist again.The reviews are misleading.
Instead of the above album, I received a cd with ONE song on it. The cover was black and white and a prison scene. The name of the CD was Music from PRISON or something like that. I just threw it away.
DEATH OF YOU TUBE!!! With the apparent &#34;death&#34; OF yOU tUBE (FOR ANY PRACTICAL PURPOSES), it is now only a very nice memory.  This is so typical of th &#34;NEW AND (supposedly) IMPROVED version which leaves most devotees in a barren world!  I agree that it was fabulous free site but left alone, many devotees would have gladly paid a membership fee to keep it like it once was!  Now, it has become so totally commercial its original purpose is past history. Transportation has become so complicated that &#34;nothing&#34; now being offered is even remotely akin to the original wonderful  site. It is the sad story of commercial greed overwhelming something that &#34;was once&#34; the best thing on the internet. WHY did it not give listeners a chance to pay for it like the bulk of the present offerings?  Most of us are now wandering around with the maze of being unable to use and enjoy what was fabulous!  I find this very sad indeed!
What, Audiomachine, do you expect me to keep track of the names of your songs? I already own two of these, but did not know it until I bought them and listened to it. Unfortunately with Amazon's extremely poor music app, reviews are not easily read (they design the app to lead you away from reviews), so I did not see the warnings from others about the songs already available on their other albums.
why can't ALL of the songs be on mp3? we all would appreciate that.  will that happen in the future?why can't ALL of the songs be on mp3?