While the two-disk CD set offers the complete ballet, the quality of the recording is very poor.  Okay for rehearsals but would not use for performances nor for teaching this ballet as the nuisances and haunting beauty of Adam's score is muddled.
The main problem I have is that three of the nine files are damaged, and have glitches during playback.  I re-downloaded the files but they are the same.  I am not sure how to go about getting this fixed.That said, I am not a big fan of the music either.  I was curious to hear these concerti in full, as I am familiar with a rather cacaphonous rendition of the Toccata movement of No. 1 by Emerson, Lake and Palmer.  I thought that the original version played by piano and orchestra would have to sound more melodious (it doesn't).  I am not a real fan of the "postmodern" classical music style which disdains melody and structure, and strives to assault the ears.  It is always a bad sign when you can't tell whether the orchestra is still practicing and tuning up, or whether they have begun to play the composition.
i  used to have another fong namm cd on nimbus,  i sold it for its endless repetition with no  variation.I know thai music often contains long wooden xylophone  repetitions but this is balanced by entertaining thai mouth organ ,strings and other instruments. this outing seems even worse than the nimbus cd every track rhythm is the same, the drum is an occasional moderate punctuation but the wind instrument can barely be heard, so either thai composers have been rubbish for a thousand years or fong namm  and /or their producer have wax in their ears.i have some excellent thai music on the world music  library label and ethnic label.
Harald Sverud's (1897-1992) musical language is nothing if not distinctive. Indeed, throughout Steen-Nkleberg series of his complete piano music we encounter a remarkably personal and immediately recognizable voice. It is steeped in Norwegian Folk music, but cast in a highly dissonant, harmonically spiky language - Bartok come to mind of course, but Sverud's approach doesn't really sound very much like Bartok either. That said, I would hate for anyone to come to vol. 6 without being familiar with the composer - this volume is allotted to fragments, rarities and first-versions that are frankly of rather specialist interest. Yes, there are some minor gems, such as the appealing Fuchsia, and the selection is quite varied in styles and colors. But this one is in the end not for anyone but the especially interested. Do sample Sverud's piano music, and you can hardly do that in any better way than by acquiring one of the earlier volumes in Steen-Nkleberg's series. There is nothing to object to concerning the playing or recording neither on this disc nor the others in the series.
Clearly very talented and accomplished on a most difficult instrument, but too soon to record IMHO. -for one,  too many student-ish "cat like" slides. Listen to the first Chopin sample...decide for yourself, of course-these slides won't be a bother for everyone for sure.
Peter Maag was a fine musician and an instinctive Mozartian; needless to say, his traversals of the great Sinfonia Concertante, K 297b, and two of the middle period symphonies are insightful and poetic.That being said, why did the Italian engineers decided to record this concert from the very bottom of the ocean? Surely there are other ways to honour the Regia Marina from World War 2 whose mad dog bravery is the stuff of legends?
You can look at Bashmet's Apollo in two ways, I suppose: His sudden, loud outbursts in dynamics, coupled with exaggerated softness at other times, along with his lurching tempos and his oddly skipping, almost staccato phrasing, could be said to "enliven" things. And they undoubtedly do--at times. But they can equally be seen as elements that make this music fragmented and disjointed--and this they also undoubtedly do. This reading lacks cohesiveness and continuity; the whole ends up being much less than the sum of its disjointed parts.Stravinsky's music for strings has a rich but understated and austere beauty, composed in "a palette of white on white," as someone once described it. Like most of Stravinsky's ballets, it works equally well as concert music. I have always found its melodicism, its classical beauty and poise, absorbing enough without histrionics. But if you don't find the music meaningful without dancers on a stage, or if you need some thrash metal injected into your classical music, Bashmet is the guy to do it for you. What makes this performance work as well as it does is the sheer tonal beauty and virtuosity of this ensemble, coupled with the excellent quality of the recording. For that reason, there are undeniably some moments of beauty on this disc. But this kind of tonal beauty and virtuosity is enough to inject all the freshness this music needs, so that Bashmet's flailing about as he strains to make interpretive points becomes totally unnecessary. If it weren't for the quality of the playing and recording, I think we'd hear this for what it is--rather badly over-interpreted Stravinsky.Some, but not all, of my favorite recordings of Apollo in the past have been by Jarvi, Esa-Peka Salonen, and Jukka-Pekka Saraste.
The music is delightful enough, but most pieces are not played by a brass ensemble.  It's actually mostly flutes, so forget it if you are a brass fan.
My daughter and I are huge deadheads, and I have nearly every cd ever sold, including quite a few "bootlegs" from friends at concerts, so I was quite excited about this one.  No - I'm not a classical music fan & don't like this at all - I played it once & probably never will again.  My guess is that classical music buffs are probably not Grateful Dead fans, and deadheads generally don't wander into the classical category -
I think I stumbled upon the explanation for the confusion exhibited here in the reviews by Unrath and Snyder. It appears that Amazon has mixed the reviews for Thomas Beecham's version of Symphonie Fantastique with those of Andreas Sporri and the Tbilisi Symphony Orchestra. The latter can be found on Emusic at:[...]The album graphics and track timings are virtually identical with this one, and it is a much more modern sounding but lame plodding tepid performance. So if you download this one, you're probably getting Sporri's version. Too bad.The real Beecham, labeled as such, is at:http://www.amazon.com/Berlioz-Symphonie-Fantastique-Corsaire-Troyens/dp/B000TDBL1K/ref=sr_1_sc_1_digr?s=music&ie;=UTF8&qid;=1356399966&sr;=1-1-spell
Some of the most poorly selected & recorded Russian church music I have ever heard. Orthodox Liturgical music tends to be somber but this puts a whole new meaning on the word.
This Antes release originally came on CD at the turn of the millennium and one might still find that in shops. Here, however, we have only MP3s. There's Tchaikovsky, but for me the interest here was a cello concerto by Sofia Gubaidulina. Kazushi Ono conducts the Badische Staatskapelle, and David Geringas is the soloist.Gubaidulina's "And: The Festivities at Their Height" for cello and orchestra (1993) has a dual inspiration. On one hand, it pays hommage to a poem by Gennady Aigi, the Chuvash poet who Gubaidulina set in "Jetzt immer Schnee" of the same year. One the other hand, its title makes reference to Pushkin's tale "A Feast During a Plague", which Gubaidulina obviously finds quite moving since she later gave that exact title to a 2006 orchestral work.Of all Gubaidulina's orchestral works from the 1990s, I find this the least worthy.  There are some interesting moments, such as a duel between harpsichord and cello, and a long lyrical passage for cello solo, and David Geringas shows excellent ability, but all in all there's little clear form or gripping drama. It's a busy work, as the cello is almost always surrounded by orchestral flurries, but moment-by-moment this feels like a collection of Gubaidulina stock gestures.There's another recording of this piece on aCollegno disc, where Geringas is again soloist with a Finnish orchestra. Both this recording and the one on Collegno are live recordings, but this Antes one has slightly better sound than the (frankly a travesty) Collegno. All in all, I'd recommend this only for Gubaidulina completists.
The Orchestra is wonderful, but when I play the music, we can barely hear it unless I turn the volume way up.  Even then it is hard to hear until it gets to the loud dramatic parts.
I had hoped for a collection of songs to help my study of Catalan but was disappointed.  The singing is soupy, the sort intended for homesick emigres.
These keys DO NOT match those in the Schimrer edition of 24 Italian Songs and Arias. What is more the recordings are poor, maybe even just MIDI. Very disatisfactory.
I have a ton of respect for Joan Jeanrenaud, but I found very little to like in this lengthy droning, chirping work.I guess I expected more "cello" in the mix. There are plenty of birds -- not the soothing tweets of an ambient "forest sounds" type track, but relatively aggressive-sounding chirps and squawks. There are also planes -- jets and propeller planes drowning out the soundscape every few minutes as they fly by.But there is little cello that is easily recognizable as such. Don't be fooled by the sample, which from the earlier, more musical minutes of the track. The cello soon settles into a very deep drone, such that you can't tell whether it's a musical instrument or some kind of industrial machinery run through studio effects. There are also some higher-pitched grating and wheezing notes that I assume are from the cello that come more to the foreground at times.I was expecting something more musical. Avant-garde, to be sure, but musical. If you laugh in the face of musical convention and regard the need for music to contain notes that go beyond droning and wheezing as bourgeois and/or peasant-like, this is for you.I do feel I came to this work with an open mind and sense of adventure. I give it two stars for its spirit in defying convention, but I know I won't be listening again.
Widor's Toccata is labeled on this MP3 album as Nimrod?????  I was looking for the Toccata but couldn't remember the name but heard this and realized it was what I wanted but turned out it was the wrong name on this album...  The Toccata is correctly marked on other albums but I bought that track...  oh well
I do not recommend you purchase this "album". Advertised as "the Mass in G" and the Haydn Mass, it is only the first selection from each, NOT the entire Mass. I don't believe Amazon gurus understand what it means to advertise a MASS. It should be all or none. I was completely disappointed, not in the performance but in the false advertising.
Be careful. I tried to download Brandenburg #3, first movement, but I received Brandenburg #6, second movement. I believe all the mp3s are wrong for disc 1.
I was very disappointed with this recording of Beethoven's third piano concerto.  The sound quality is really not up to much.  It's a pity because I have Kempf playing the 4th and 5th concertos very nicely.  I actually reordered another version of the 3rd soon afterwards and that was much better.
Although the same orchestra and conductor produced a splendid Mahler 5th, this performance is very ordinary and the sound is only adequate.  For 9 dollars there are many splendid versions but I would buy the cheapest version available, the Kubelik on Audite.  It is less than 4 bucks and a great performance.
Whoever packaged this didn't know much about music or was sloppy. These are actually four Kabalevsky concertos:Cello Concerto No. 1 in G minor, Op. 49 (tracks 1-3)Piano Concerto No. 3 in D major, Op. 50 (tracks 4-6)Piano Concerto No. 4, Op. 99, "Prague" (tracks 7-9)Violin Concerto in C major, Op. 48 (tracks 10-12)I was unable to find out from the internet anything about this package beyond what is on this page, other than Pipeline Music is "notable for having negotiated the rights to distribute more than 400,000 hours of classical Russian audio and video recordings from the archive of the Russian State Television and Radio Company and dating back to the 1930s . . ." (Wikipedia, Pipeline Music).The recordings sound less than fresh (probably old). They sound mushy, truncated highs and lows. It sounds very much as if the microphones were set next to the solo instruments because the orchestras sound distant.I hadn't heard the cello and violin pieces before, so I can't say much about the presentation of those.I do have the Chandos recordings (10052,10384 Stott - BBC Phil) of the two Piano concertos, which are of much better sound quality and balance. However, I did find the Piano Concerto No.3 recording here particularly energetic with good sharp rhythms.Additionally the piano dominates the sounds which gives the performance a light hearted frenzy that is lacking in the Chandos recording. Whoever was playing this really got into it (the final movement, which is fast to begin with, ends 30 seconds quicker than the Stott Chandos version). I'm no musician, so I couldn't tell you which is closer to what Kabalevsky had in mind. I suspect the Stott Chandos performance is closer to what the No.3 concerto would actually sound like in a concert hall.All in all, I'd say your money is better spent on recordings with better sound quality than this -- that have some information about the players, conductors, orchestras and performances.Terry McCallKalispell, Monntana
I agree with the other reviewer more or less. The recital is plain boring. Compare it with what Anja Harteros does with just a few Brahms songs on her disc &#34;Von Ewiger Liebe&#34;. If you want to hear Lemieux in fine form, try her disc of Debussy and Hahn songs.
There is not a complete single piece of music on this compilation.  Normal 3-4 minute performances have been hacked to a minute or less,  If you love Paul Lincke's ,ot Walter Kollo's music, you will just be infuriated by this butcher job of their work.
poor recording quality and practically no volume. Nothing I would recommend for purchase when there are so many better recording of these works.
Although there is absolutely nothing wrong with the performances on this cd, they are covered in so many of my other collections, and not worth it to me to invest the price of the Beethoven Big Box (180 selections!) in a 10-song volume.
Mendelssohn is my favorite composer, but I found this to sound very un-Mendelssohn-like. If this had been the first of his works I had heard I would not have sought out any more.
Erkki Salmenhaara (1941-2002) is often considered an important composer in Finnish musical life - though at least on disc he has been overshadowed by, say, Rautavaara, Sallinen, and Aho. As with so many composers of his generation, Salmenhaara started out as a modernist, but already in the mid-sixties he turned to neo-romanticism, and the works on this disc juxtaposes some more-or-less modern treatments of harmony (in the sense of Rautavaara, that is) with passages that are ardently tonal and blatantly sentimental and quoting well known themes by other composers. The results are rather desperately dull and inconsequential - maybe I am missing something, but I cannot help but think of much of this music as sounding as if it is trying to fuse the styles of Rautavaara and Schnittke and losing everything worthwhile in either composer's output in the process.Perhaps what I am missing is that the works on this disc are rather early - from the 60s - and must have sounded rather shocking to avant-garde-inclined audiences back then, and hence predates the significant works of the composers just mentioned. But from the vantage point of today, I will claim that citing its shock-value in the 60s would constitute special pleading - significant to music historians, perhaps, but not particularly significant parameter to listeners today. The Rite of Spring was certainly shocking enough in its day as well, but it survives in the repertoire because it is a masterpiece, not because it was once shocking to the audiences.The best work here, to my mind - and indeed the only one worth hearing - is the relatively brief Adagietto. It is a sentimental, tonal and elegiac piece in the manner of the Barber Adagio, and effective enough as such. It is also the latest work on this disc, from 1981, and does not seem to try to make any point above being a pretty, well-crafted, nostalgic piece. Suomi-Finland (1966), on the other hand, is a twenty-minute "non-symphonic poem" (according to the composer) based on a series of chords. Initially it sounds like the music of post-romantic composers such as, say, Howard Hanson or Ellen Zwilich, but then it turns endless and meandering, presenting a succession of apparently deliberately banal material treated with little care, it seems, for overall structure.La Fille en Mini-jupe (1967) is based on musical quotations from Debussy and Beethoven, with pride of place going to an extended section based on Debussy's prelude from Book I no. 8, but shorn of any hint of impressionism and instead treated as a pretty piano tune backed up by gushy, sentimental string chords in a manner that even the least artistically minded Hollywood composer would probably have shied away from. It is a really horrible experience - it must surely have shocked audiences back in the sixties and even retains its power to shock even today, in the way being served a ball of sugared stale butter as a dessert at a dinner party might be shocking.Le Bateu Ivre ("The Drunken Boat"), from 1964/65 - the first of Salmenhaara's staunchly tonal works - is merely boring, on the other hand. It was written to accompany a television presentation of Rimbaud's text propped up with various visual effects, and goes on for a full 24 minutes. Biographers might find it interesting that Salmenhaara at this stage was still in the grips of novel techniques (some of the techniques employed resemble Ligeti), but as a listening experience it is ardently worthless.For all I know my qualms might be exacerbated by the performances, which certainly doesn't try to downplay the banality, sentimentality and sugar of the music. Still, the playing by the Tampere Philharmonic under Eri Klas is excellent on its own terms, with clear and warm textures and attentiveness to subtle shifts in mood. The recorded sound is excellent as well. It didn't help much for this listener, however, and I cannot give this disc a general recommendation. Now, I don't know the composer's later works; perhaps they are more appealing, but I cannot honestly say that this disc made me particularly tempted to find out.
I bought this album based on 5 songs, but I kind of regret it because the songs sound to similar to me.
There have been so many oustanding versions of Schubert's Quintet in the history of recording, including many from the digital era, in all kinds of styles and approaches, from the urgent and dramatic to the spacious and lyrical, that it is interesting once in a while to hear one that is totally besides the point, e.g. the emotional content(s) of the composition, as this one. It can be found in CD form on the European sister companies under ASIN B0000262MQ (which is how I have it), but is offered here only as download. No great loss.It was recorded in March 1987 and, first, there is the fact that the Kocian Quartet does not play the first movement repeat - an option that was customary in the LP era until the mid-1970s, because of the time constraints of an LP side, but that practically disappeared after the mid-1980s and the first digital/CD versions of the Alban Berg Quartet (1983,Schubert: Quintet in C, d. 956), the Bartok Quartet (1984,Schubert: String Quintet in C major, D 956 / String Quartet No. 12 in C minor, D 703) and the Orford Quartet (1984,An Evening with Ofra Harnoy and the Orford String Quartet). There is also the minor but additional factor that, in conformity with the pronouncements of modern Schubert musicology, they do not play the big crashing chord just before the repeat bar. Modern Schubert musicology has it that the chord should serve only when the repeat is played, but not when the ensemble segues into the development section. Now, to omit the chord when the repeat IS played is, I guess, OK: at least you've heard it once, the first time around. But, although they weren't the first ensemble not to play the repeat but still omit the chord (the first ones to have done that, so far as I can tell, was the Hungarian Quartet in 1970,Schubert: String Quartets 13 - 15 & String Quintet;  Hungarian Quartet), hearing the Kocian here, it strikes me how much the pronouncements of modern Schubert musicology are crap, and why (and I am ready for a public debate with any modern Schubert musicologist). First because, of course, they are not based on any study of the sources (Schubert's Quintet was notoriously published more than 20 years after his death and the manuscript is lost) but on the musicologist's subjective impression and/or analysis of what Schubert "must have intended".  But more important still, because Schubert writes a similar crashing chord just AFTER the repeat bar. I can simply NOT imagine that he did not intentionally conceive this chord to be an echo of the first one. And when you don't play the first one, that great effect is simply lost, you get, so to speak, the reaction without the action, and Schubert is badly betrayed. Musicologists are crap and performers should not follow them sheepishly, without thinking, and feeling.OK, so, now that I got that out of my system. With those handicaps to begin with, plus no filler and a paltry TT of 49:10, the interpetation would need to be oustanding to make up for them - and, indeed, the versions mentioned above of the Alban Berg Quartet and Orford Quartet were. Not so with the Kocian Quartet's.They play with faultless ensemble and show moments of fine crispness. But their problem is that they convey no sense of drama, intensity or vehemence. The first movement starts well enough, but once reached the second subject at 1:55, they settle into a comfortable tempo, which in itself is very standard, neither particularly urgent nor particularly spacious, but they never animate it with any kind of vehemence in the more dramatic outbursts, or sense of heart beating faster and breath getting shorter. They remain placid, as if Schubert's Quintet was "nur Gem&uuml;tlichkeit", only a cozy after-lunch digestive stroll, lazily musing, with no sense of forward momentum, let alone dramatic tension. So I guess there is a coherence after all in the omission of the crashing chord before the repeat ("keep it hushed!"). It hardly comes as a surprise, then, if the vehement violin shouts that follow the little staccato march after the repeat bar, at 5:41, are the weakest and meekest probably ever recorded, although Willy Boskovsky's 1965 Vienna Philharmonic Quintet offers serious competition here (not reissued on CD, see my review under the entry for the LP, ASIN B005HZVMOG). These are always played as something like vehement cries of revolt. With Kocian they sound something like, "Oh no, please, don't wake me, five more minutes' sleep". Not so much the Maiden facing death (to my ears it is not only Schubert's 14th Quartet which can be heard in terms of "Death and the Maiden", or maybe "Death and Schubert") as stung by a tsetse fly. Well, placid, hushed, non-vehement String Quintet may be, on paper, interesting as an "other view", one we are not accustomed to and that could be an ear-opener. But I find that it leaves aside too much of the work's emotional content and impact to have any validity.The sonics don't help either, and I've found myself fretting that, alternately, the viola and first cello weren't given enough presence in their counter-melodies, and that the first cellist was rather dry in tone in his lyrical melodies; or maybe it is that the Quartet's cellist is small-toned and dry, but in any case it robs the music of its body and lyricism, so even their moments of lyricism sound placid and flat.The gentleness the Czech players bring to the 2nd movement is not the standard option but one that I find very acceptable, with cello pizz. so discreet and soft as to feel soothing rather than sound like the tolling of some death knell, and ensuing dialogue in pizzicatti between first violin and second cello also very gentle and soothing, but the same lack of vehemence from the two players badly mauls the middle agitated section. There the first fiddler seems to be gently singing the Maiden's (perhaps forlorn) love, and the second cello's bouncing staccato triplets would be papa's, or Friar Laurence's voice muttering, "don't worry girl, it'll be allright, it'll be allright" and tapping her on the shoulders - is this what Schubert's sublime Adagio is about?In a very perverse way, I'll hold it in Kocian's favor that they also observe the dicates of modern musicology in the Scherzo and make the second repeat much earlier than the repeat bar indicated on the score (2:20), thus not playing the second part of the opening section of the scherzo in toto the first time, because it is an option much more rarely followed, and even those who sheepishly do not play the first movement chord discard that whim of modern musicology; in fact, I've encountered so far only five other versions that did it, the 1986 Juilliard Quartet (Franz Schubert: Quintet, D. 956 (C major)), the 1991 Hagen Quartet (Beethoven: Great Fugue Op.133/Schubert: String Quintet D.956 [IMPORT]), the 1992 Brandis Quartet (Schubert: String Quintet in C, D. 956), the Melos Quartet's 1993 remake (Schubert: Quintett in C-dur) and the 1994 Raphael Ensemble (Schubert: String Quintet; String Trio). That said, Kocian's Scherzo isn't infamous but lacks a touch of beef. They follow the dominant approach which subsitutes vigor to the true drive that seems implied by Schubert's "presto" indication - but without true vigor either.Curiously, they do NOT observe the Third Commandment of modern Schubert musicology, and play the Finale's final chord as the customary diminuendo and not as a forceful accent. Can't blame them, whatever Schubert intended, the diminuendo is a great touch, so performers I beg you, even if it isn't by Schubert, play it! And, hey! Kocian's Finale is fine, with the good combinatiion of charm, playfulness, lyricism (viola and cello now come out very clearly, and while still dry in tone their melodies have plenty of expressive songfulness) and drama (for instance, there is finally a true sense of vehemence in the fugato sections at 4:50 and 5:13, and the coda has enough drive).But, of course, a fine Finale comes too late and is not enough. Unless you are a member of the fan club of the Kocian Quartet (in which case, all my apologies), an avid Supraphon completist or wish to know how Schubert's Quintet would sound if it was an insignificant and emotionally gentle work, better pass this one.
I think the title of this review says it all. These are wonderful performances, it's just that Amazon's mp3s have ineradicable gaps between tracks, which fouls up the listening experience in the 6th symphony especially. This is an endemic problem on Amazon.
Note: This review begins with the same paragraph I'm using for a number of Philadelphia Orch. MP3 downloads.The Philadelphia Orch., now in hapless condition and bankruptcy after years of mismanagement, has lost its luster with the press, especially in the UK, where The Gramophone listed it as a has-been in its poll of the world's great orchestras (unbelievably, the critics who ranked the orchestras placed the Philadelphia below mediocrities like the Budapest Festival Orch.). Be that as it may, and despite the deterioration that occurred under Christoph Eschenbach, this remains a premiere ensemble, its basic personnel as strong as it ever was. The orchestra launched an extensive download series of MP3 recordings captured in concert, mostly under the routine Eschenbach, which has garnered almost no attention here at Amazon.It would have been one thing if Sawallisch were a great conductor making his last stand in Philadelphia, but in reality he had long lost his luster and promise, so his tenure with the orchestra was tired. surprisingly, this seems to have suited the old guard just fine. In their extensive download series, all in excellent sound, the orchestra has released a number of live Sawallisch readings; each listener can be the judge. The Bruckner Fifth is a difficult, sprawling work where disorganization is always a threat. But not if, like Sawallisch, you simply plod from even to event like a milk wagon. His overall timing isn't excruciatingly slow - the performance fits on one disc - but you develop chronic fatigue syndrome early on and its only deepens. Short of describing how each movement fares, let me advise you to skip this one.
Among the many delights of early music are the programmes of secular instrumental works, including dance music, played by the various extremely talented and spirited ensembles that have  grown up and flourished at various times since the 1960s. Sadly, however, the present disc, performed by Compagnie Outre Mesure, is not among them. In fact it's one of a series, entitled Dansez Renaissance, which has definitely not been improving as it goes along.The CD looks promising enough, basing its theme around dances at the magnificent renaissance chteau of Chambord in the Loire valley; but the music and the manner of its performance both turn out to be a real letdown. The list of composers looks encouraging, with the usually entertaining  suspects of renaissance dance music such as Phal&egrave;se, Attaingnant, Gervaise, Carroubel and Praetorius; but the choice of works is poor and, above all, most of the playing is as dull as dishwater. The players seem able enough, but there is no spark, spirit or joie de vivre. There is also far too much use of noisy and insistent percussion for my taste, and of bagpipes as well. I live in Scotland and so am well used to the sound of this instrument, but its raucous caterwauling is surely far better suited to the lamenting of lost battles or lovers in the hills than to the music of the present disc.Things do improve for a short stretch at items 19-21 when the musical history, based on the successive reigns of the French kings, moves into the Henry IV period with a noble-sounding Pavane and Gaillarde played by the shawms and other winds - and then again for Louis XIII at no. 26 with a fine sequence of Pavane, Allemande and Gaillarde, in spite of a fairly discreet return of the dreaded squeeze-bag for the third piece. But that's only 5 items I enjoyed out of 28, and moreover from a rather ungenerous 50 minutes of music. There are a couple of vocal pieces, including one at the end which brings the programme to a noisy but by no means rousing conclusion.So if you are seeking delightful and entertaining discs of renaissance dance music, you can find them far more easily elsewhere - from the many superb ensembles, both past and present, such as Piffaro, I Ciarlatani, Susato-Ensemble, Baltimore Consort, Hesperion XXI, Early Music Consort of London, Broadside Band, Accademia del Ricercare, Capilla Flamenca, Joculatores Upsalienses, New London Consort, Collegium Terpsichore. This can't be anywhere near to a complete list, of course, so if I've left out other deserving groups I hope readers will feel free to comment and add their own ideas. For a top recommendation, though, one of my own absolute favourite CDs is a gorgeous  Le Bal - Social Dances in the Early Baroque  by the brilliant and thoroughly engaging Heidelberg-based I Ciarlatani. This is available from any of the European Amazon websites.Returning to the disc under review, its presentation is outstanding, with interesting and extensive notes in several languages together with full documentation and fine illustrations. But it is all very misleading because I cannot imagine that Franois I or the other bigwigs and miladies in that lavish and splendid chteau would have been satisfied, either with a string of short dances each lasting only a minute or two, or with largely dull music-making such as this. So, regrettably, just one star for the performance plus an extra star for good looks.
The music would receive a five-star rating. The composition is supposed to be a single, uninterrupted piece.  However, since the piece was broken down for individual sale as a MP3 item, when played very brief interruptions occur, which ruins the effect of the piece. I had to buy the piece in CD format to get the proper effect of the composition. This item should not be sold as separate MP3 items.
This is an amazing price and an amazing recording.  The idea of just putting each act into a big mp3 file works for opera, so we can ensure no annoying track breaks, but....First I noticed the sword fight music in the first act is missing, just jumps to the Commendatore dying.  OK, I was willing to live with that, but now the intro music to Zerlina's wedding is gone.  That's as far as I have gotten so far (still listening to it) but it makes me wonder, did the people at Amazon who put this up even listen to their mp3?  That to me is a minimum requirement for selling a product, at least have one person listen to the damn thing once through!Now, I may be wrong.  I have never listened to this recording before.  It may be that the cuts are in the original.  But it makes me wonder.Can anyone here who has an alternate *reliable* version of this recording (lp, cd) comment on whether these cuts are an error or in the original.Other than that, it is killer.  How could you not pay $3 for a good complete opera with classic performers?
Amazon NEVER warns you about these "Past Classics" recordings. They are not taken from master tapes, but are copies of old mono LPs. (Yes, you can hear the vinyl - strongly in some places.)Bruno Walter recorded this work with the same forces in stereo in 1957 for Columbia (now Sony). This is NOT that recording!If mono doesn't bother you and you are only interested in the performance, and can't get the later one, then this one is certainly of value. Any Bruno Walter Mahler is worthy, considering how many years he apprenticed under Mahler. Amazingly, in this recording, the bottom pedal notes of the organ come through strongly. And the Westminster Choir is as fabulous as it ever was under its original director. Also Maureen Forrester in her prime.If you are familiar with modern conductors' interpretations, this Bruno Walter may prove enlightening. The tempo is probably much closer to what Mahler wanted. Speed demons be aware!
These set of songs were adequately performed, but lacked brilliance and charm. It is typical of Vaughn Williams to have very predictable music, so that if one has heard one Vaughn Williams piece, you've heard them all. There is nothing about these choral pieces to excite the soul or transcend the realm of the ennui. I purchased this CD hoping to find in VW and British music some charm--but, British music, like British food, tends to be bland and uninteresting. The Brits have failed to produced good composers, outside of Purcell and the Beatles. The more I listen to VW, I realize that it is not a matter of missing something in the music that is subtle or complex, such as learning to appreciate the music of Wagner. The music of VW is just plain boring and uncreative.
I ordered this disk mainly because it contains the title number-"Ich bete an die Macht der Liebe."  This, of course, was but one of many numbers included.  Unfortunately, this piece itself was sung in a somewhat contemporary style and arrangement which was, in my opinion, totally uninspiring. Overall, this caused me disappointment with my purchase, although other selections have proved to be quite pleasant listening.James Townsend
Listened to an excerpt of this album on YouTube and searched to buy and download.  Poor quality vocals competing with the orchestra and music (while the same tracks) actually came off a different album.  If this item had had a sampling of the tracks, I would have noticed the difference right away instead of afterthefact.
Sometimes I feel a bit mislead. While the release data of this is March 2010 it is a recording from a long time ago 50's or 60's I would say. There is a lot of noise, coughing, instrument moving in this recording. I don't like these Originals. They constant noise in fact is pretty annoying. Since this is from analog you get a decent amount of white noise with it as well.This is for people who look for a particular recording of your favorite artist not for general classic consumption.
There ARE a whole lot of strings in this album; and the "kettledrums" make brief thumpings. The harpsichord and tubular bells are in there, too. For the most part it sounds like the crisis of a Hitchcock movie (not meaning to slur Bernard Hermann).  What really threw me off was all the spaces where the sound level got so low I could hear the sound of the electrical activity in my head.  It does have movement in the piece; and the recording itself is a good one.  In some ways it does grow on you.
The first three tracks are the first Salzburg symphony, but the last three tracks are three arias from The Magic Flute.  Go figure.
I haven't written a review in years but like to draw attention to another aspect of this item. While this recording is masterfully performed despite occasional forays into sentimentality, one should note that there's a serious defect in its sound quality, most noticeable on non-compressed audio files played through decent hi-fi equipments. In short, if one pays moderate attention to the cello part (especially on the Miaskovsky and Rachmaninov), one immediately notices the incessant digital distortion surrounding/chasing after the string instrument. At first I thought the grating noise might be coming from the low-register bowing (I'm obviously not a cellist) or pressing error of my particular CD, but after reviewing other recordings of this repertoire and the same recording on Spotify, the sound engineers seem like the ones who have dropped the ball here . Quite a shame given the content. Unfortunately, if your hearing is uncompromised, the embedded noise will drive you nuts and snatch all enjoyment from the listening process. As for me, I will think twice before purchasing my next Cedille production.
The music in this recording is astounding as expected.  If you have patience and a little time, this download is a true bargain for the price of $3.96!!**Please note that part II of the MP3 download has a significant delay.  I, III, and IV downloaded quickly but part II was grayed out.  This gave the impression that it was not accessible and not part of the MP3 download. (There was no message that it was loading/downloading.  It just seemed unavailable so I was very disappointed because it appeared that although it was part of the compilation, it was not part of the downloadable version.)  Fortunately I checked back in about 15 minutes and when I did, it was available.
Not in English! I needed an English MP3 download to play on Good Friday ... this wasn't what I needed or wanted.
I'm good mates with the Mayor of Hiroshima. He's a nice bloke. Nevertheless I keep my distance: the Six Degrees of Separation is reducible to two when a demiurge such as Yoko Ono is thrown into the mix: I'm not into that bed 'n' hair power scene.Anyway, having lived the Ground-Zero experience in person, the Mayor is keen to avoid a repeat occurrence. In consequence, he's banned the following compositions, Mozart-wise, from the city:K 10 - 15 - the early violin sonatas.K 42 GrabmusikK 49 - Mass in G MajorK 51 La Finta SempliceK 103 - 19 (!!!!) minuets.K 118 La Betulia LiberataK 185 Andretter SerenadeK 286 Notturno for Four OrchestrasTwo of these works are on this well-recorded disc. K 185 is arguably Mozart's most gallant composition. K 286 - for what it is worth - is notoriously tricky to capture on disc. The performances on the whole are the equal of the Marriner alternatives on Phillips: in other words, the participants do what they can to  maximise their impact.Stay on the good side of the Mayor: don't purchase this disc! It daunts even the cockroaches of Hiroshima.
Bottom Line - if you are interested in listening to a song cycle about Greek mythology, get Hadestown instead of this album.  Hadestown nails it, while this album seems to be a cheap imitation.
I was very excited to see this John Williams horn concerto, as a horn player myself and as someone who loves Williams's movie music.  Unfortunately, this work is nothing like the familiar strains of Star Wars, Jurassic Park, Indiana Jones, etc.  It is decidedly modern (in the classical music sense), jumping from rather jumbled and loud to inaudibly quiet with little apparent purpose, as "modern" music is wont to do.  I hope Mr. Williams was trying to write something in a style unlike his usual work, because that was the result.  Overall, I was quite disappointed.
This is a thoughtful collection of Richard Strauss's lieder from Op 10 to 69. Dame Gwyneth Jones sings with exemplary care over the words and meaning of each phrase and Geoffrey Parsons performs with his usual aplomb. In Jones' singing, however, the voice alternates between pianissimo and thunderous fortes with little dynamic subtlety in between the extremes. I surmise this is less by choice than necessity at this stage of her vocal evolution. Her intelligent artistry is not well served by her current vocal state. For a more satisfying listening experience of Strauss's lieder, there are much better recordings with Dame Kiri Te Kanawa, Brigitte Fassbaender, Rene Fleming, and most recently Diana Damrau on her beautiful "Poesie" recording for Virgin Classics.
Beautifully recorded, magnificently performed and completely lacking in feeling or conviction. This, like so many Gergiev recordings, just feels flat and lifeless to me. It is just consistently bland. I bought this disk after reading several of the glowing reviews and when I failed to experience much excitement in the actual listening I suspected that I was missing something. So I listened again. This is "hot" music, intense, full of nuance and shadow, and none of that is expressed in this recording ... or very little. It's just consistently blah. Two stars might be a slightly overly enthusiastic review.
This is a spectacular piece of music, but the recording is of a poor quality. There is too much 'noise'.
...Because it's terrible.One track on this album is decent (track 4) and the rest is atonal and unpleasant to listen to. I don't think the musicians who worry that Emily Howell might pass the Turing Test should lose any sleep over it. I don't know for "soulless" (which was one adjective applied in the article I read that got me interested in EH), but it's rough on the ears. It may be too challenging for a casual listener like myself, I don't know. Regardless, I took it off of my iTunes after playing it twice. YMMV
There are perhaps thousands of these seeming "bargains" available in mp3 format. I fondly remember my vinyl copy of Munch's glorious conducting, the BSO sounding gorgeous, and that organ.... It made the floor vibrate and my parents shout. This particular mp3 is the MONO version of the justly famous RCA Living Stereo recording. If you want the real deal, the true Living Stereo version is in fact on mp3 and and worth the price.
this was just simply not my style some of the songs were great but most of them were just not good classical music in my book!!
Both of these performances are exceptional specimens of Giulini's magic.  Unfortunately, the usually reliable BBC has produced a recording that at times is barely tolerable.  The Linz is far better than the Brahms.  The Brahms in places is almost, to these ears, torture.  It must have been quite an experience as a live performance judging by the applause at its end, but on disc, not worth your money.
I've never cared much for the &#34;trumpety trumps&#34; of Bruckner, as a certain Nobel Laureate in Literature put it. This album didn't get me very excited. Pop in some Beethoven works conducted by Von Karajan, you'll thank yourself you didn't make the mistake of purchasing this album ;)
This CD has an enormous amount of content. The older recording quality is poor and the German is very hard to understand. I prefer the more modern recordings of the Ring at Beyreuth by Phillips and other studios but not this one. Will pass on it.
I bought this specifically for Schumann's violin concerto. And because the others had some mixed reviews, I bought this one because it had none! I won't do that again. Mixed is better than none.  Very disappointing. Mr. Blancher plays this concerto extremely timid and laid-back like a meek schoolboy  scared that the neighborhood bully is going to take his lunch money. The work requires audacity, bravado  ,  boldness. I would have given it 1 star, but I never listened to the rest of the numbers. I'm not taking any more chances with this artist. Fool me once, shame on you; fool me twice, shame on me.
This publication exists also in CD form, label String QT 99-314 barcode 8011662908728, which is how I have it, but it isn't listed as such on this website, you can find it on the European sister companies under ASIN B000027SZQ. Production values are sloppy, the most glaring illustration being that, although the orchestra is indicated - the Berlin Philharmonic - the conductor is not listed. I was going to write "is listed nowhere", but in fact if you go to the last page of the booklet, with the label's list of publications, it appears there: it was Hans Schmidt-Isserstedt.The transfer isn't very good, with the desiccated and metallic background sound that points to indiscriminate and over-filtering. It is noticeable mainly in the softest passages, but that said, the sound of orchestra and soloist come out loud and clear, and the recording of the Dvorak is very listenable. Through some editing error, or because some glitch in the source had to be excised, one beat is missing in the second movement, at 1:22.This is an important historical recording of Dvorak's Cello Concerto, the second ever made, after the one of Emanuel Feuermann with the Berlin State Opera Orchestra under Michael Taube (Parlophone 1928-9, reissued by Naxos,Haydn / Dvorak Cello Concertos), and before the famous one by Casals and the Czech Philharmonic under Szell (1937,Dvorak: Cello Concerto; Silent Woods; Rondo / Bloch: Schelomo (Historical Recording 1940/1941)). It was initially released on five 78s Telefunken E1893-7 (information NOT provided by String). String dates in 1931, but I wouldn't trust them. The original release was reviewed in the Gramophone of June 1936, which, even taking in account the shipment delays between Germany and England, points to a later recording, circa 1935. The same recording was also reissued by Dante with more generous pairings,Volume 2, but I don't have it for comparison.The reading is an interesting mixture of styles. In various reviews of Dvorak's Concerto on this website I've been lamenting at the disappearance of an interpretive style that seems to have been prevalent from the 1930s to mid-1950s, one that New York audiences had, apparently, many occasions to hear from 1940 to 1945. It was at play in the recordings of Feuermann (but here with so much excess that it was almost tantamount to a caricature) and Casals, and it has been documented on a number of live recordings, the same Feuermann with Leon Barzin in 1940 (Dvorak: Cello Concerto; Silent Woods; Rondo / Bloch: Schelomo (Historical Recording 1940/1941)), Leonard Rose with the New York Philharmonic under Artur Rodzinski (Cello Concerto) and Edmund Kurtz with Toscanini and the NBC Symphony Orchestra (Dvorak: Cello Concerto, Scherzo Capriccioso), both in January 1945 and both strikingly similar in approach. You can still hear it in Paul Tortelier's recording with Otto Ackermann conducting the Z&uuml;rich Tonhalle Orchestra in circa 1951 (Otto Ackermann Conducts).Its tenets: urgent tempi in the first movement (actually observant of Dvorak's metronome indications), explosive orchestral tutti generating a mood of heroism, and tempi kept urgent in the more lyrical passages of the first movement and Finale, making the lyricism intense and the longing passionate. The champions of that approach displayed more variety in the second movement, most keeping the pacing very flowing as Dvorak instructs, some (especially Feuermann with Barzin) giving more time for the phrases to unfold - but never to the excesses of some of the subsequent versions. Likewise in the Finale, where Dvorak's metronome instruction for the opening march tempo is actually quite deliberate: some like Toscanini observed it, some like Feuermann-Barzin were much faster. But the important and unifying trait was that, whatever the choice of opening tempo, they eschewed the temptation to sentimentally linger on the lyrical passages. Not that they were inflexible or metronomic, far from it. But the variations of tempo never lost sight of the movement's architectural cogency and never ditched the sense of a continued forward flow.Now of course Dvorak's Cello Concerto is universally played in a radically different style, which would make it almost unrecognisable by the champions of that "old" style, and whose parameters are the inverted image of those described above: expansive tempi, brooding and pastoral mood, tutti made majestic when not downright sluggish, and much lingering on all the lyrical passages, making the lyricism somewhat sentimental and the longing plangent, and playing constant go and stop with the tempi, making the music seem to move by spurts and sound more episodic and piecemeal than it really is.Hearing Cassado, but also Piatigorsky with Ormandy from 1946 (Gregor Piatigorsky: Great Cello Concertos), is interesting because it shows that elements of that "new" style had always co-existed with the more urgent approach. But, with Cassado as with Piatigorsky, it was mostly in evidence in the first movement. Cassado's slow movement is in fact very urgent, opening spot on Dvorak's very flowing metronome of 108 eighth-notes/minute and maintaining it when comes the quasi-military march with horns at 5:14, and of all the versions I've heard, typically only Kurtz-Toscanini are overall significantly swifter.Feuermann-Taube 10:30Cassado-Schmidt-Isserstedt 10:20Casals-Szell 10:31Feuermann-Barzin 11:41Rose-Rodzinski 10:16Kurtz-Toscanini 10:02Piatigorsky-Ormandy 10:33Tortelier-Ackermann 10:14Clearly there's a stylistic pattern here, especially when you compare those timings to those of subsequent versions, from which only Feuermann with Barzin strays. But hardly anybody past the mid-1950s took the slow movement in less than 11 minutes, Rostropovich with both Karajan (1968) and Giulini (1977) pushed it over twelve and even nearing 13 with Giulini, and Piatigorsky in his stereo remake with Munch eagerly crossed that border (13:11), joined later by Jacqueline Du Pr&eacute; in her studio recording with Barenboim (13:10), who in turn left even herself and everyone else lagging way behind (or should I say "forward") in her 1967 live with Celibidache: 14:13. It is a tempo overall one-third slower than Toscanini's.But what those swifter approaches also show, is that, while slower tempos can certainly bring out many beauties, the movement does NOT (at least not to my ears) need that kind of expansive lingering for its beauties to unfold. In fact, playing Dvorak at his prescribed tempo reveals many beauties concealed in the more expansive approaches: in particular, it makes sense of the passages notated "molto appassionato" (3:27, 4:46), which sound only plangent when played too slow. In fact, the passionate mood is not limited to those passages but runs throughout, with the two orchestral tutti, here at 2:19 (it may be the Berlin Phil, but the orchestral attack is far from unanimous under Schmidt-Isserstedt's baton) and 3:39 sounding suitably heroic.Schmidt-Isserstedt launches into the marching rhythm of the Finale at a tempo perceptibly faster than Dvorak's metronome, and further accelerates with the rise of dynamics of the orchestral preparation to the soloist's entry; then Cassado settles into a more steady pace. There are some hints of the tendency to linger on the lyrical passages that would mark the later interpretive paradagim, most noticeably in the way Cassado, at 5:05, plays the return of the opening motto slower than the first time, despite Dvorak's instruction to play it in "in tempo". That expressive device would be pushed to the point of caricature in a number of subsequent recordings. But with Cassado those tendencies are still kept in relative check.But not in the first movement. The first striking feature is Schmidt-Isserstedt's great flexibility of tempo in the orchestral introduction, opening at a slower beat than Dvorak's metronome (circa 104 vs 116), but accelerating dramatically (to circa 138) with the rise of dynamics leading to the "grandioso" moment at 0:49. Nobody in this passage is metronomic, but here the acceleration is very steep (and very exciting), and it may hark back to an even earlier stylistic generation rather than anticipate a new one. But where Schmidt-Isserstedt certainly announces the "new style" is in the way he slows down and lingers on the second subject, played by solo horn, at 2:01, to let you enjoy the view. But then he cranks up the gear even before that section is over, when clarinet and oboe pick up the horn theme, and when the orchestral tutti at "tempo 1" returns, he is back at his swift and exciting "very fast" rather than at his opening 104.Then enters Cassado, at 3:18, and... ouch. His attack is terribly thick and sluggish, a far cry from the "risoluto" indicated by Dvorak, heroism on a walker in the old-people's home. His staccato sixteenth-note runs at 4:23 aren't particularly dashing, and his articulation there and in similar passages isn't always very clean and crisp, a flaw also noted with Casals and Piatigorsky. And much sentimental lingering when come the lyrical passages, as at 5:30, 6:39. 9:13. Orchestral tutti are sluggish, not even truly majestic (7:47). Maybe they were grandiose when heard live, but not here, with those sonics. And suddenly, around 10:30, it all takes fire, for the remaining four minutes and some of the movement. Not enough.As I mentioned, it would be easy to think of such a fussing and seemingly inconsistent approach in terms of an even earlier interpretive style, one that may have been prevalent when the Concerto was premiered in 1896 or when Mahler conducted in New York, and that has NOT been documented on disc, not in Dvorak's Concerto (hard to think that there were no recordings of it during the acoustic era). But there are numerous examples in others works that tend to show that music was played, in the late 19th and early 20th century, with much more flexibility of tempo than later (to the point of what would appear to our ears as inconsistency). But even if so, it would only show that the "new" interpretive style, with its preference for expansive tempi and lyrical lingering, has unwittingly recaptured something of those forgotten performance traditions, for the better or the worse.The fillers are ungenerous and unsubstantial. This is indispensable for the amateurs of historical recordings and performance history, but un-recommendable to anybody else. Cassado made two subsequent recordings of the Cello Concerto: one for Remington, in 1951, with the Austrian Symphony Orchestra with Kurt W&ouml;ss, not reissued on CD and which I haven't heard, and in 1956 for Vox, with the Pro Musica Orchestra of Vienna under Jonel Perlea (Gaspar Cassado Plays Cello Masterpieces). I'm rather fond of the latter: it certainly illustrates that trend towards ever more expansive tempi and Cassado-Perlea are, in the first movement, rather radical at it (with, in particular, the most funeral orchestral introduction I've ever heard), but there is, as in the live 1967 version of Du Pr&eacute; and Celibidache (Dvor&aacute;k: Cello Concerto, Op. 104 / Saint-Sans: Cello Concerto No. 1, Op. 33), a fine sense of balance to it, with the fast so slow that the slow doesn't seem jarringly at odds with it, and Perlea is an attentive conductor, with a sense of orchestral detail equaled by few.
Loved Invincible and I found this album as one that other people bought/liked after it.  But I am disappointed with it.  It has all of the parts to make a music epic, strong latin chants, women with soaring voices, rise and fall in pace, Eastern notes, but it ended up being cliche.  It's too much to have all of those aspects in the same song.  I latched onto Invincible right way and could feel the story each song was telling but Illusions just felt like the epic equivalent of a lifetime movie...cliche.
This review is primarily for track 6, the Liszt sonata in B minor.  The piece is performed at a blistering speed (24 minutes and a few seconds) but is done very well.  The piano sound is superb.  However, there are three bars missing from the opening of the sonata and worst yet, there is no mention of who played this sonata or other solo piano works in this album.  For that reason, I give this recording just two stars although I listen to it frequently.  I think it is a crime not to give the artist credit in any recording that is published for sale.  I would urge Digital Natives to list the artist or artists who made this recording.
I love chamber music and enjoy listening to selections played on FM stations while driving. Had hoped this would be a good alternative to the radio, but the selections are somehow disjointed, some seem poorly recorded. Not a music expert, but I am a part-time musician (folk, blues, bluegrass, Irish) who listens primarily to classical selections and I know what I like.  Unfortunately, can't say I particularly like this collection but it was certainly cheap enough so not much lost for the experience.
Less than stellar seletion of performers and some of the arrangements were a bit stilted.  Nice for background music - would not suggest one concentrate too much.
Emulating the great Amundsen, Scott and Shackleton in their pursuit of "furthest south" I have decided to embark on a similar campaign albeit pejoratively: to identify the worst recording ever made.In any such quest, Sir Roger Norrington is always going to feature prominently in calculations. In all fairness, the shockers in his discography (as known to me) are legion. His Haydn for instance is banal in the extreme; his Mozart is the musical equivalent of turbo-lax; his Beethoven is comic rather than cosmic; his Brahms induces nausea and felonious indeed is his Bruckner: other than that, he offers a welcome relief from vibrato, orchestral excellence and metaphysics for those so inclined. Much to his anguish, Roger the Hapless has been trumped in my estimation by Mehta whose bone-lazy Wagner lays claim to being Ground Zero (Ring-Hlts). The matter is still in doubt: black holes await investigation, one of them being Sir Roger's survey of Schumann's Symphonies with his long-suffering galley-slaves: the Stuttgart Radio Symphony Orchestra (whenever I hear these poor devils. I rethink my position on euthanasia).Here are ten reasons why this cycle warrants consideration in my quest.1. 90% of the time, Sir Roger is metrical beyond a metronome. I sense that as a child, he underwent a formative experience with a brass-band from the local colliery: there is no other way to explain his "oom-pa-pa, oom-pa-pa, oom-pa-pa" approach to rhythm.2. Schumann's fever-pitch mania which is so integral to his psyche is muted in each performance.3. Unrelentingly, phrases are clipped one after another. Roger the Hapless also spurns vibrato with his usual degree of dogmatism. In consequence, every bar is a test of one's stamina.4. Geez, the strings of the Stuttgart Symphony Orchestra are vin ordinaire with a vengeance. Listen to them in the slow movement of the Spring Symphony: it's moggy central - meow!5. The Scherzo of the Second is the very definition of note-spinning. I yelled aloud "FFS Roger - do something with the music!!! Do something! Anything!" Alas, the great man was too busy worrying about vibrato to respond. Thankfully we all know there is more to this music than this banal account. The slow movement is equally vapid and shallow; not even a tadpole could survive in it.6. There's no apotheosis at the end of the Second: it's just another fortissimo to Roger the Hapless.7. Where is the barely suppressed excitement in the first movement of the Rhenish? How is such an omission possible?8. Mysticism, it is safe to say, is not Roger's strong suit . . . As performed here, the fourth movement of the Rhenish has little to do with the consecration of a cardinal; it's more an evocation of chop suey.9. Yes Veronica, it is possible to play the first movement of the Fourth as if it's in a major key: that's how little 'fear and loathing' Roger is able to generate.10. The stupendous transition into the finale of the Fourth - Schumann at white heat - is mundane. It's an embarrassment to compare it with the likes of Furtwangler, Karajan, Szell and Kubelik.Undistinguished as it is, this cycle offers no real challenge to Uncle Zubin's stupendous achievement: it's more boring and befuddled than sordid. Further afield, Roger's Brahms cycle on Hanssler is actually more horrific than this sorry affair - but who has the wherewithal to revisit such horror when life is so short? Not me! We press on.
While I agree that 2SFH is among the elite when it comes to music that can only be described as "EPIC", this album left me wanting.  The music is beautiful.  Unfortunately, it is music that seems to tell the same story over and over again.  I like the music that grabs ahold of you.  Most of this does not.  Invincible was a great set of music.  Archangel just did not have the power that Invincible had.
You can find other collections with 100+ songs, which INCLUDE all these songs. I found such a collection for 1.99 and one for 2.79. So I'm very disappointed.
There are two multi-movement works by Philip Glass and one by Michael Nyman on the new album released by the Sonic Art Saxophone Quartet. Taken as complete wholes, none of the three is outstanding, though there are individual movements within them that are very powerful.The "Mishima" quartet is actually an adaptation for saxophones of a work Glass originally wrote for strings, part of the soundtrack for the movie Mishima: A Life in Four Chapters. Many critics, myself included, often excoriate Glass for the lack of harmonic development in his pieces. Here, however, his stylistic signature does not severely detract from the pieces' sense of forward motion; each idea is repeated, true, but not so many times as to become tiresome. They all share a tone of brooding mixed with quiet menace that is quite striking. It helps that they are short pieces; none of the six movements is longer than three and a half minutes, and the second and fourth are barely more than a minute each.I've been listening to the string version of "Mishima" for comparison, and I think it actually comes off slightly better on the saxophones. The constant eighth-note pulses that are so characteristic of Glass seem somehow more live played on winds, as do the ascending arpeggios. The performers do an excellent job of giving different emphases to each note in a phrase, making the smallest variation truly stand out. The string version, by contrast, has a certain homogeneity that renders the pieces more emotionally distant.The next work, also by Glass, is simply entitled "Saxophone Quartet," and it is a somewhat strangely organized four-movement piece. The first movement is sad and minor. The main melody carried on the soprano sax is lyrical enough, but the accompaniment is generally uninspired. As a longer work, around five and a half minutes, it does suffer from a bit of that Glassian repetitiveness, as certain segments are heard several times without adding anything to the musical or emotional impact on the listener. The second movement is considerably more energetic and daring (part of the reason why the overall organization of the movements is confusing); it evokes imagery of scaling a great but precarious height, the excitement and tension building and building until a final explosion of melodic energy sends it all tumbling down. The ensemble works together more effectively here; rather than one instrument having the melody while the others play repeating patterns, there is a great deal of trading back and forth, and phrases of powerful homophony as well, particularly towards the end. Unfortunately, the third movement is both the longest and the dullest. It has neither the excitement of the second nor the lyricism of the first. Glass also returns to a much more straightforward arranging technique for much of the movement, with each of the players getting their turn having the primary melody, while the others play the same old interlocking pulse pattern. There is a new melodic idea introduced briefly about three-quarters of the way through, but then it disappointingly leads to nothing more than one more time through the main theme.Luckily, the fourth movement makes up for the flaws in the rest of the longer work, and then some. It is amazing, probably my single favorite piece by Glass. The stuttering, syncopated rhythmic motive is inseparable from the driving melodic line, that here undergoes actual transformation and development as the piece goes on. The melodic statements are interspersed with swirling loops and turns in a new register and instrument, and these transitions are organic, vital, and varied. Because this movement has some actual structure and meaningful form to it, the restatement of the main theme, when it occurs, feels like an actual arrival, not simply another repetition. The climax features some striking dynamic changes, with sudden quiet moments that are in turn overwhelmed by storms of very fast runs on the bari sax, all leading to a strong and explosive conclusion that hits like a ton of bricks. Why can't Glass write more pieces that are this well put together?Michael Nyman's collection "Songs for Tony," also a four-movement work, begins very promisingly. In the first movement, Nyman sets up a powerful, swift-moving minor mode riff that juxtaposes the high and low registers of the ensemble. The energy of the original hook never relents, but the melody that emerges and is carried primarily by the tenor sax is surprisingly sensitive and touching. The warm, Renaissance-like concluding cadence is a nice touch as well.The other three movements, regrettably, never attain the same vitality as the first. They tread by-now familiar sax quartet territory, with melodies and harmonies that are at best clich&eacute;d and at worst simply plodding. The third movement's main theme is memorable, even catchy, but the transformations it undergoes are unconvincing and ultimately not very, well, transformative. While in the fourth movement, Nyman aims for real subtlety with an extremely quiet main melody in the bari sax, that is only lightly accompanied. The patience required to wait while the piece slowly builds is not rewarded by anything particularly revelatory, however, only more of the same, with an inconclusive, anemic ending that feels more like someone simply shut off the mikes in the studio, rather than a real conclusion.Speaking of microphones and studios... as someone whose main training is in composition, most of my thinking when I hear a new album goes towards the architecture of the pieces and the like, but of course there are purely production-oriented considerations to take into account as well. The truth is, while the album's performances didn't detract from my enjoyment of the pieces, neither did they enhance it. Although both the playing and the engineering are smooth and competent, with even very subtle key-clicks and the like rendered expertly and audibly, there is a slight lack of crispness to some of the articulations that make already slow pieces bog down a bit. The exception, as noted above, is the rendering of the beautiful main melody of the first movement of "Songs For Tony." Which brings me back around full circle, and leads me to conclude that the performances were really dictated by the strengths and weaknesses of the compositions--but that could just be my personal bias.The Sonic Art Quartet's album is, overall, pleasant but uneven. The second and third works presented have beautiful moments, but in most of the cases there is too much dead air between them to allow the music as a whole to come alive. For fans of the original version of the "Mishima" quartet, the reworking for saxophones is worth hearing, and the strongest movements of each of the two other offerings deserve to be entered into the canon of literature for the sax quartet. But there is a great deal of skippable material here as well, and all but the most completionist of listeners will want to acquire individual tracks rather than the whole thing.-Matt Weber is a New York based composer, educator, and political slacktivist.Originally published on ICareIfYouListen.com
I'm a fan of Reich, but I never liked the Triple Concerto and found Different Trains to be a bit taxing, though the first part of its three has held my interest over the years.  Here, the Triple Quartet sounds harsh.  Now, harshness is a quality that might actually be a great addition to Different Trains considering the subject matter.  In this particular instance, that harshness continues but somehow the sound lacks depth.  I don't hear the trains in the music as I do on the version from the Different Trains/Electric Counterpoint album.  Maybe I'm just partial to the versions I heard originally and new ones just don't compare.In any case, the whole point of my review is the stunning Piano Counterpoint.  This piece is new to me and this might be the only place where it's been recorded.  Vincent Corver's arrangement brings tremendous life to Reich's style.  It's as if he really "gets" Reich.  Dare I say he might have even improved on it?  This is a lively, happy, well-played and enjoyable piece and out of character with the rest of the music on this album.  Because you can buy each track individually, I opted to buy just this one and I'm very happy to hear it bouncing off my walls.  If you're a Reich fan, don't miss this stunning track.  2 stars for the album, 5 stars for Piano Counterpoint.
Disappointing. Does not live up to its recommendations, as it lacks Bach's passion and the violin is scratchy and overshadows the harp.
The acoustic, and the music, seem quite spare. I would rather have these pieces scattered on various recitals rather than to have them all lumped together on such an unsatisfying collection. It's ok for study, but this is not essential Donatoni for most all (Insane Collectors Exempted!). Even for them, I'd hesitate.
Best listened to in a random queue -- I can't imagine listening to the whole album straight through. It's just too repetitive.
I should have read the title closely but even then, I would have never expected what I bought when getting this. Yes they are Gregorian chants but you can barely hear the chants. The &#34;pop&#34; music is overpowering and bad. It's not even pop music. It's just piano or some other type of music over the singers. At least it's cheap.
Probably purchased this because it was cheap and for the quantity. Listened to a couple of songs and that was enough.Chuck
Not soothing or relaxing like most Gregorian chants are.  Don't bother with this selection unless you like techno music and frayed nerves
There is a reason why you only hear Fur Elise on the radio.  The other songs are alright.  No doubt they are masterpieces, just not of my liking.
I did not realize that it only played parts of the various  compositions, i like to hear to hear a complete piece. My fault, I should have realized it by the prize
Only the 6th symphony is complete.  xcept for short pieces, it only includes portions of other works, not the complete works.
Recording and production quality are fine. The only complaint I would have is that each track is only a portion of the work and even then the work is nit completely represented
Classical music is different from popular &#34;songs&#34;, and the throwing together of disparate bits and pieces of major classical works, without even telling us who the composer is, is not a good recipe.  These &#34;for the Reader&#34; compilations might be inexpensive, but they are also &#34;cheap&#34;, and I will not buy any other volumes.
It is sad that this great sonic palette  has MP3 samples  of much overload no matter how much I limit their excursion digitally on computer, other artist samples under the same settings are just fine.  Even at CDBABY site listening  is impossible. Hope this is not a problem in physical CD disks, but BEWARE.
Let me start by saying that the score is great. As a fan of the 1990's Zorro, I really enjoy the music. My issue and why this gets two stars (I feel the music should get 3-4) is that this is not a pressed disc.I'm not happy, even more so when it turns out that Amazon officially fulfilled it and the disc cost me $17+. If I had known this was what I was going to get, I'd have saved some money and just bought the MP3 copy for $8+ and burnt a copy to a disc for myself on my own. Bad form everyone involved!
I was frustrated with this disk.  To me, there seemed to be no forward momentum, general lack of development.  The title of this disc, "Caught in Time", is therefore apt.  So is the landscape cover-photo of an iceberg.Of course, then there is an exception.  Soundings II, is, as the composer says, is a study-work for the flute, providing a wide range of techniques to be practiced.  Now that sounds like it would be the stagnation that I spoke of above.  But the piece actually works.  To me, it appears to be a landscape study, unfolding the various moods and qualities that make a place unique and fulfilling to be in.  No, not much development, but interesting scene building.Four To Go, now that set of 4 pieces seemed to stagnate and have no cohesion.  These also seemed to be study pieces for an instrument, in this case a clarinet, but they did not build or develop.  This was more like naked displays of one technique after another, with little concern for momentum, cohesion, or the piece as a whole.  The third movement of the piece, Caught In Time (that's the tempo instructions) is the namesake of the entire album.  And it does seem to be stuck in time, not in a good way.  The fourth and last movement, Relentlessly Yet Always Rockin' (again, the tempo instructions), was jazzy but so monotonous.And on the disk goes, with "Percorsi d'anima", Incroci", and "Quattro chaicchiere ed un apertivo", the third of which presents a jazzy riff that reminds one of Charlie Brown music or Claude Bolling; in other words, derivative, a cliche.The last set, "Three Songs on the Poetry of Yeats", the music remains the accompaniment to the voice line, and was more satisfying than the previous works.  It then struck me that this was the issue with all the pieces, save the first: they were an accompaniment to nothing, needing a lead line to get them "unstuck".
I excepted soothing background music. The first couple are but the rest get much to exciting to read by! Great music, but NOT for reading music!
Here is the rundown:1.A Nice Cup of TeaChopped up phrases of an orchestra piece interrupted by large `fur'matas by a cat purring and tea pouring. It can't get worse than this, can it?Kaningrin2.Four measure loop interrupted by brief varied string orchestral phrase. Please shoot me now. Then it stutters with some signal processing, some sound effects and laughing and clearing throats. Have you shot me yet?Skynd digt3. A two measure loop of piano going through a plugin with more interrupting orchestral parts. Elementary my dear Watson. Then a long cantabile passage of piano--not hearing a lot of manipulation-or am I missing something? Then is goes into reverb. Here comes the 2 measure loop, then back to a primitive da capo. Why hasn't someone shot me yet?4. HelikopterThis is a little more creatively mashed-up featuring a long granular pedal but very little signal-processing on anything-just samples of Holmboe's music overtop. The word `genius' springs to mind. Again another da capo. You can't make this stuff up.5.FugleneOpens with warmed-over Hindemith interspersed by bird chirps. Is anyone making my coffin? This is more brief samples of the composer with some tiny effects then the da capo.6.UndervejsAnother pedal, only this time in the form of a timpani loop, with a few excerpts floating by. Genius.The remaining pieces, Bjornen, Avra for Laura, and Vagn og Gunnar smoking pipesare more of the same---why don't you try and review them when you pick up the CD.See how far you get.
Alan Hovhaness is a one trick pony. If you've heard and enjoyed his Mysterious Mountain Symphony, you will have filled the whole of the Hovhannes niche. This is more of the same, but, also a lot less. We have the same general orchestration, except considerably less sensitive and nuanced, the same harmonies, the same very thin emotional effects, and the same melodic style, except a considerably less evocative. I'll assume the performance is very adequate for this music, but it really doesn't matter, given the mediocrity of the material.
Composed and performed at Cadiz during Mercadante's five year sojourn in Spain, this opera here receives its "World Premiere Recording" on Naxos. Compiled from three live performances at the Rossini Festival in Wildbad, its inclusion in that festival is a clear acknowledgement of Mercadante's indebtedness to Rossini, though that influence is equally clearly tempered by the inclusion of Spanish folksongs and rhythms and what sound to modern ears like frequent echoes of Donizetti, when in fact the influence probably went in the other direction, in that Donizetti, although the greater composer, obviously learned from Mercadante.Mercadante's aim was to introduce Italian opera to a Spanish audience largely unfamiliar with its conventions. He wanted to avoid over-complicating the form, plot or musical style of the work so devised an innovative combination of elements of both opera seria and opera buffo in one, short, single Act opera couched in indigenous Spanish song and dance rhythms. Thus we have Neapolitan-style parlando passages melding into arias and cavatinas, an extended duet for the young lovers reminiscent of a Donizetti "melodramma giocoso" like "L'elisir d'amore" and a Finale which requires an ensemble of eight voices and a Rossini crescendo. For all its eclectic originality, the opera nonetheless remains rather formalistic and conventional simply because Mercadante rarely displays the kind of melodic fecundity or dramatic flair which Verdi and Donizetti had in abundance, nor is he quite able to make the music lift the way Rossini could. The plot - an episode lifted from Chapter 20 of the iconic novel - is flimsy, though that would matter less if the music and performance themselves were more involving. There are characteristics of Mercadante's music that I always enjoy: his martial energy, his prominent use of woodwind and his harmonic daring but they are more in evidence in other of his operas such a "Il giuramento" and "Orazi e Curiazi" than they are here.The overture is sprightly, striking and positively reeks of Spain with its biting, insistent three-quarter-time refrain punctuated by brass and woodwind chords; it is hardly surprising that this music has been popular as concert piece entitled "Sinfonia caratteristica spagnola" (not "spagnuola", as the Naxos notes have it) and for me it is by far the most enjoyable ten minutes in the whole opera - which of course rather sadly suggests that things go downhill from there. To be frank, the jolly, Donizetti-style introductory chorus which follows soon reveals the ladies of the San Pietro a Majella Chorus to be a lamentably squawky lot - and they don't improve. Nor was I cheered by the dry, gritty, almost voiceless Sancio and the two, similarly-voiced tenors who have that small, constricted, "cutting-edge" sound so prevalent today. The other two principal singers are more pleasing but of no special quality: Ugo Guagliardo possesses an agile, well-tuned bass of no distinction and soprano Laura Catalani has quite a big, blowsy sound with something of an edge and a good facility in coloratura. The Brno chamber orchestra are competent although there are intonation problems. Conductor Antonio Fogliani is now Director of the Rossini Wildbad Festival and has been building himself something of a reputation as a champion of early 19C works. He conducts very well, with sensitivity and variety. The recorded sound is first-rate: clear and atmospheric with virtually no extraneous noise.I would like to be more enthusiastic about a world premiere of a neglected opera by a composer whose star has long been eclipsed by his greater contemporaries Donizetti, Bellini and Verdi but this remains a work slight of plot and musically very formulaic; it will not pass as much more than a mild curiosity.
This file was very poor quality and very very short versions of lovely Handel pieces.  Very disappointing for music lovers.  Mark.
This may not be fair as I was in a hurry when purchasing this MP3, but it is not the full St. Matthew's Passion and it is in German. Not exactly a huge waste of money (.99 cents), but I will have to purchase another one. Complete.
I'm finding these pieces overly idiomatic of stylistic techniques of various other composers without much originality, and largely lacking in expression. Had I not known they were all written by the same person I would have never attributed them to any one in particular. Melodies meander yet go nowhere. This would make fairly good movie music IMO. Not music which stands on its own value, it needs something else to help it make its point. I do love the atmosphere and the coloration via ensemble, but atmosphere and coloration will not sustain the trajectory of a piece so it's a good thing they are short in duration.
I like Hybrid.  I don't really listen to  orchestral music.  This isn't anything like hybrid techno music.  It is just orchestra music with no resemblance to Hybrid.  Don't know what I was expecting, but probably will never listen to it again.
Hey producers of Classical Music for the Reader, please don't put opera songs in these collections!  I loved the first few Classical Music for the Reader albums because it was great back ground music.  But this one bombs with all the classical shrill opera screaming on about half the tracks.  NO MORE OPERA PLEASE!
I have to say that I completely agree with the other reviewer about the opera pieces. I'm a lover of the Classical Music for the Reader series. The music is generally nice and light, and extremely pleasant to take in. While I can understand the love of a good operatic composition, it kinda jolts you out of whatever book you have your nose buried in. I found a lot of the compositions on this album to be more distracting that anything, and some were a little too dramatic. I love having background noise while reading, but I can't say much good for this album. There were a few tracks that I'd gladly add to my MP3 player, but I'd also gladly leave the rest. Since it did have a few good tracks, I'd give it a safe 2.5 stars.
There are really two products in this collection, and they deserve two different reviews:First, the CHRISTMAS review:  Run away screaming from this monstrosity of a "piano" music collection.  Every genuine Christmas song on this CD sounds like it was played by a second-year piano student (say, an average eight-year-old) slaving to a metronome.  The arrangements are basic and boring, and the playing lacks any feeling or musicality.  To be fair, there aren't any obvious errors that I heard as I skipped through the songs, but they weren't even worth a single listen.  If you're looking for a Christmas piano collection, skip this one without hesitation.  It's not worth $0.01, much less $0.99.Second, the non-Christmas review:  Several tracks in this collection have little obvious connection to Christmas (if any), and they're by different, more accomplished artists.  I haven't listened to them a ton, but for $0.99, I grant this collection two stars.  Not a total waste of money once the other stuff is removed.I don't know who made the Christmas tracks (there's an artist listing but I refuse to even look at the name), but the music is not remotely comparable to other professional Christmas piano collections out there.  Playing without error is not the same as playing well or playing vibrantly.
This is a bad example of the cover tells the story. It is 1/2 Christmas songs and 1/2 Classical music that is unrelated to Christmas. I can't argue with the cost.
I was disappointed in this one, I love all there other Albums but this one sounds like they put in way to much bass in it, and the singing is not very good, Its not up to par with there other ones. Its not epic
Invincible is by far the very best of over 6 albums by Two Steps from Hell that I have had the pleasure to listen too. Archangel is rather good as well. However Skyworld is so different from anything Two Steps from Hell has ever released before as to sound totally foreign. One track is a republished track and should be familiar to all those who have listened to Archangel. While a number of tracks have promise too them they are lack luster compared to previous works by Two Steps from Hell. Other tracks are hardly the wonderful soaring imaginative music we have come to expect from the team, instead are jarring, less than pleasant attempts to create something new and failing.
I feel like this was a lazy effort to put a bunch of tracks together and call it an album. Two Steps From Hell is way better than this.
I have several albums by the creators of Skyworld including Invincible and Skyworld does not live up to their other works.  You would not be missing anything if you skipped over this one.
First, save your money, this album doesn't even begin to scratch the awesomeness of their previous work. In fact, there are really only two songs worth downloading ("SkyWorld" and "For the Win" are must-haves, "Juggernaut" is fun in spite of its being extremely minimalistic and repetitive, "All is Hell that Ends Well," "Starfleet," and "Queen of Crows" - barely make the grade, get them only if you really need a TSFH fix.)Most are simply mediocre and wont be remembered ("Titan Dream" - starts out awesome before crapping out, "All the Kings Horses," "Realm of Power," "Winterspell," "Blackheart," "Dark Ages," "Our Last Hope," "Icarus," "Big Sky," "Breathe," and "Ocean Kingdom") and "Back to the Earth" is just hideous.A diverse style is certainly present, kinda like TSFH couldn't decide on what they wanted to do so they just dipped their fingers into everything. Arabic fusion is present on "El Dorado," there's a violin solo on "Blackheart," metal guitar on "Dark Ages," and "Our Last Hope" sounds partially inspired by the music of "Tron: Legacy." Although the single addition of some dubstep on the first track was cool,most of the music is bland to the point of being lifeless. Lyrics are ridiculous - very much like something out of an Enigma song - and add nothing. Actually, the lyrics on "Back to the Earth" are so touchy-feely they sound like they were ripped from a Disney movie.It would be a major improvement if they offered "no choral" versions of the songs with lyrics. Out of the entire album, I'll probably copy four, maybe five, tracks to my pmp. Since I can only recommend at most 5/22 songs I'd rate this album 1.5 stars.I hope TSFH's next effort is more enjoyable. If anyone wants a good epic fix in the mean time, I'd recommend The Immediate or The Best of Brand X.Bottom line for the rock lovers: if "Invincible" and "Archangel" were akin to Linkin Park's first two albums, "SkyWorld" is like "A Thousand Suns."
I suppose Douglas Moore (1893-1969) is most familiar for his opera The Ballad of Baby Doe, a very effective work available in a very fine Deutsche Grammophon recording (starring Beverly Sills). The opera one revealed Moore&#8217;s style as being direct and melodic, firmly anchored in American folk music, though very effective and able to sustain more ambitious narrative structures. In the music on the disc at hand, he doesn&#8217;t really even attempt to do that, however &#8211; not even really in the symphony. Both Farm Journal (1948) and the Cotillion Suite (1952) are simple arrangements of simple folk- or folklike tunes. The former is based on a score for a 1940 documentary film, and the music is simple, straightforward and without any hidden depths &#8211; light music with no hidden agenda and few attempts to be anything but simple and light. It is not a great work, but a modestly enjoyable way to spend fifteen minutes, at least once. The Cotillion suite, a collection of dances for strings, doesn&#8217;t even try to do anything with the tunes &#8211; just presenting them more or less straight. And to be honest, this is pretty thin gruel, containing nothing you have not heard done much better elsewhere.One would perhaps have expected something slightly more substantial in the 19-minute Symphony in A major (&#8220;Moore&#8217;s most ambitious symphonic work,&#8221; according to the booklet), but once again Moore relies almost exclusively on his ear for a good tune to carry him through &#8211; it is formally simple, and there are few attempts to build any coherent narrative, yet the music is colorful and vigorous, eternally jolly and buoyant. Not a masterpiece, and certainly no challenge to some of the &#8220;big&#8221; symphonies written in the US at the time (1945), but worth hearing as a piece of colorful Americana nonetheless.As a coupling we get two works by Marion Bauer (1887-1955), a somewhat curious choice since Bauer&#8217;s style is pretty much as far removed from Moore&#8217;s as you could imagine. Whereas Moore&#8217;s music is simple, ebullient and straightforward, Bauer&#8217;s music is introvert in the extreme and often harmonically dense. So it is perhaps my fault (though, as I will return to, definitely not only my fault), but I have found little of interest in the music I have heard, and the two items here are no exception. The Prelude and Fugue for flute and strings (1951) is inconsequential, and the Symphonic Suite for strings (1940) strikes me as aimless and po-faced &#8211; this is very serious music, lamentatious and dramatic, but does not contain ideas that justify taking itself very seriously.But the case for Bauer is not helped by the recording. I don&#8217;t think there is anything wrong with the performances (The Vienna Orchestra under F. Charles Adler) but the recorded sound (1955 mono) is quite simply unbearable. Desiccated, flat, distant, garish, and in the suite for strings actually painful on the ears, making the whole thing pretty much unlistenable, regardless of the quality of the music. The sound in the Moore works is variable, though generally just below acceptable. Once again I suppose the performances are fine (the Oslo Philharmonic under Alfredo Antonini in the two suites, and the Japan Philharmonic under William Strickland in the symphony), but the quality of the recordings does make the strings sound desperately thin (which may be why I wasn't more enthusiastic about the two suites). In the end, then, this disc must be said to be primarily for the specialist; do sample the symphony, but I sincerely hope that someone comes along and gives Moore's music a better chance.
Maybe I didn't look closely enough, but I expected more than four songs and I was quite disappointed. Nevertheless, since one should never look a gift horse in the mouth, I am giving this two stars instead of only one.
Of the 4 songs available for this download only one of them I could stand to listen too. I am into traditional songs and these versions just kind of ruined the whole experience. I removed it right after I downloaded it.
It was free....but the songs are not popular renditions nor are they very pleasing to my ears. I like the classics and will pay for the songs I like.
The choices of the music weren't the ones I would have chosen. Most of the music is in every language, but English. I have heard better performances of most of the songs. I would pass on this one, and get something else.
not worth the free download.  Don't bother downloading it,  I would not download it again.  Was not aware of some of the artists. ThankYou.
Kinda cheezy, but what isn't cheezy about Christmas Music!  The price is right, so I went for it.  What have you got to loose?
These are very old school arrangements that felt uninspired. If you want to get a taste, listen to the preview first. Masterpieces really over stretches the term.
Love the artists presentation.  Very relaxing to sit and listen or hum too.  Would listen to all winter if possible.
I thought I was going to get classics, but there weren't any. Since the album was free, it's ok, but it wasn't what I expected.
We live in America and our language is English. There is only one song in English and although the music is similar the language is in a foreign language that could be saying anything.
some of these are pretty mediocre. I probably won't listen to it much, if at all. Better compilations out there.
Not at all what I had hoped for.  Disappointed in 2 of the songs.  The first two were okay. What can I expect for free?
Only played it once. I bought it for the Holidays but found I don't want just a couple of songs. I need full CD's. A few on line I don't play daily. So I won't do that again.
I liked it beacuse it was christmas cd but I didnt like it becuse it hade less tracks unstead of a full cd for free.
I only liked 1 song from this download.  I did not like the other renditions. I was not happy with this.
did'nt like any of the tunes.Don't set right with Christmas!!Got this as a free download,but have'nt played any of themmore than once.
For the first opus of this adventure, one reviewer claimed: "The quartets have previously been recorded by the Kronos, Arditti and Alban Berg quartets, but on this recording, Canada's Molinari Quartet puts its imprint on these works, being particularly successful at evoking the music's raw intimacy and wintry lyricism."Familiar with Schnittke's works, I recommended the following reference performances of the highest level:The Borodine String Quartet for No. 1 and No.3 - direct, unforced, meaningful-Arditti for No. 2 - utter clarity derived from a meaningful reading-Alban Berg for No.4 -they are after all the dedicatee of the piece!-Kronos for none of them.As the volume 2 of Schnittke's chamber music is released by the same group, the shortcomings of their interpretations are now even more evident. Again, familiar with the works recorded in this second volume, the extracts provided on the label's page were sufficient to assess this new release.Fortunately for us, the Borodine String Quartet recorded the Piano Quartet and the Piano Quintet back in 1991 on Virgin Classics. This reference version acutely exposes the difference between understanding an idiom and its meaning and simply staying on the surface, like missing the forest for a tree.And what a miss! The pianistic drive is often weak here, bordering on cute, unsure. Especially when Schnittke's text is deliberately scarce, it comes out flat. It feels as if no dramaturgy supports the music and for Schnittke, one of the most cinematographic composers of our time, that's quite a bust! And those belly gauzing strings, they work so hard to sit heavily on each and every dissonances that they barely keep the rhythm going -Piano Quartet- and one feels this becomes a refuge to mask their endless meandering to nowhere near figuring out what this music is all about. Dissonances in Schnittke do not need this insistence, they are merely a tool to set up an atmosphere, not an end in themselves as per the Molinari prosaic stomping. Sure, arguments of authority, awards and every other pompous biographical bits will try to impress quidams, but one needs simply to listen to the Borodine to know all there is to think about that cheap trick.But when their label promote reads "... described by the critics as "Canada's answer to the Kronos or Arditti Quartet", this becomes truly farcical: since when and from whom did the Arditti Quartet need "an answer" and from Canada to boot? Really, what a preposterous, arrogant statement to print! I recall this anecdote when I saw the Arditti at the auditorium du Louvre in Paris in the early 90s, people were sitting on the new amphitheatre steps as it was full house. Compare this to University of Calgary where the same quartet played the Ligeti no.2 in front of a thinning audience few months later... So much for appreciating the real deal! Again, listen to the String Quartet no. 2 played by Arditti to measure their intelligence in reading, and sensibility to this music. There is transformation not merely representation, replication.Schnittke's music is masterful and too important to our reality to be left to such prosaic advocates. Please, do not miss its magnificence and search for the references: you'll be amply rewarded.
The pieces on this recording are OK as mood music.  Stylistically, they're a pastiche of recent horror-movie soundtracks, and they offer little (perhaps nothing?) in the way of original ideas.  The performance is executed electronically, with some clumsy transitions.As far as I can tell, the soundtrack from the silent film distributed by the H. P. Lovecraft Historical Society is not available in MP3 format.
Love songs? or classical songs... but the price was right.  Got all 100 songs for the price of 10 singles.... there must be 10 good songs in there somewhere.... if I can get to hear them all.
I took this off my device. Just so-so songs. Nothing great. Bad sound quality (tinny or fuzzy).It's free sure, but not worth bothering.Ronda
Sure most of the songs are the usual "grab some cheap orchestras from Eastern Europe stuff" but the performances are good.  They are ruined by the engeenering/mastering, during quiet parts you can hear audible "mechanical" noise and at the ends of pieces a noticeable and annoying "whir-stop" as if a disk was spinning down.  It's worth the 99 cents Amazon is charging now, (especially if you have the skill to clean these things up in some audio editor like audacity, which I don't).
I watch Bogdan on YouTube and thought he was really good.  But when I listenedto his album, I was disappointed in that the orchestra was so overwhelming that youcould hardly hear the man play his piano.  Makes you think that the loud back groundmusic is covering for his ability to play.  I thought the album could have been much betterif you could actually hear the piano play .. instead of the orchestra.
It's okay but not great glad it was a cheap download. Don't waste your time there are better albums out there.
Now WHY would 4 cellos (whose natural tone and range are the most beautiful in the world of instruments) strive to sound like a regular string quartet???????? I was hoping to hear the sonority of this beautiful instrument and what I heard instead was a wanna be string quartet. Why not capitalize on the instrument's many strengths instead of imitating something which doesn't sound as good (though VERY well done).
I thought this would be a nice sound for relaxing - not so.  I am glad that I did not pay for this.
The selections weren't to my taste, unfortunately. But I really appreciate Amazon's provision of free samplers. It's a very painless way to find out that a particular song is not to my taste.And the &#34;sampler&#34; idea is a great way to find out that a song is to my taste. And I've discovered some songs - and artists - that I really like.
Look, it's always bonus points whenever one spots Kna in his cowboy-hat - yee-hah! Just have a look at the bugger! The man had mojo. From what I've been told, he was more of a Colt man than Remington. Sadly, this is not one of his landmark recordings.Kna was no stranger to the NDR Orchestra. Their joint Bruckner Third from the early Sixties is a scorcher. Good as it is, this recording of the Emperor (1960) is not in the same class. There are few complaints on the orchestral side: the team delivers as expected. Scholar-pianist Paul Badura-Skoda is not a barnstorming virtuoso; hopefully there's not a performance of Schumann's Piano Concerto in the vaults. Here, he fails to dominate proceedings in Opus 73. In moments of conflict, the orchestra beats him up pitilessly - in retrospect, Kna should have lent his cowboy hat to him. Much the same could be said of his performance of Opus 111. Thoughtfulness and talent are no substitute for genius. For all its rectitude, this is not the Word by a wide margin.The recording of the Emperor is restricted stereo which short-changes the cellos and double-basses of the NDR. Opus 111 comes in first class sound.Holster your six-shooter and wait for better targets, Kna-wise.
I listened to nearly all of the samples, as the playlist was tempting. My conclusion is that I would not purchase this compilation, even at the $0.99 price. The pianist plays the notes, but totally is non-expressive and mechanical in his/her performance. These pieces are too well known and played by too many excellent pianists. That is why these performances seem so lifeless.
For a collection of must-have soprano masterpieces, I find it odd that 'Una Voce Poco Fa' would be left out. I know that technically that's for contraltos, but since it's so often sung by sopranos it's foolish to leave it out,The sound quality is just fine.The selection is often from rarely sung operas, not the common ones.The singing... That's a horse of a different color. I'd invest in a good recording with sopranos from the 50s rather than buy this. It's not really a question of taste here-- in 'La Jeune Indoue' you can hear catches-- multiple catches-- in the high notes. At least these are not all sung by the same soprano.These just aren't must-haves.
I was very disappointed with the selections.  They were mostly opera tracks and I HATE opera!  If you don't mind opera, it is fine.  Can't go wrong for the price.
Disappointed in the overall selection of Adagio movements. The musicianship is good but my suggestion would be to search for a better thought out selection.
Many of the extremely low priced MP3 collections offered by Amazon are great bargains, and useful for both the newcomer and the erudite classical listener. But this one just contains too many trite, overworked excerpts, and too many harshly performed and recorded cuts to recommend.
With little to go on, it's often tempting to somewhat randomly buy these disparate little MP3 collections. I found this a surefire throwaway. Some second rate folk music interspersed with poor performances of deservedly obscure classical pieces. Your mileage may vary.
We were disappointed in t,he selections on t,he CD. Not really Christmassy, sort of a hodge-podge.The tenors are, of course, quite excellent, but not the music.
The Markus Stenz/Gurzenich Orchestra Mahler series has been uneven, and this isn't one of the better efforts.Listen to either Bernstein recording (I prefer the DG) if you really want to understand what this symphony is about.For milder tastes, Abbado  does nicely. The sound and playing of the orchestra are good, but with Stenz, the drama isn't there.