I love Jene Jano's Beethoven piano sonata series on Naxos.  They are fine interpretations across the three periods of Beethoven's work.  Haydnesque when they need to be and fluid and profound in the late sonatas.  His take, while technically proficient, on the Eroica Variations seems a little trivial.  He seems to see them in the same light as the Woo sets of variations, not seeing them in the light of the early part of Beethoven's middle period.  The best for that is Glenn Gould.  This isn't Glenn Gould.  BTW, I'm not a big Glenn Gould fan, but he does this work best.
This is music from the 1870's, so what is a Baroque and Early Music fan like me doing listening to it? The answer lies somewhere between my curiosity and Naxos's ideal combination of affordable price, interesting publications and a recorded sound that, although it is definitely not top-notch, is able to give me the feeling of really being able to hear the music as it was performed. In this instance, one of the first Naxos Cds recorded in June 1987, the recorded sound lacks presence, it is true, and the atmosphere is definitely one of an empty concert hall, but the overall picture is pretty realistic and allows me to pick up details of the score despite the balance problems with some of the solo passages (violin in the Nocturne, bassoon in the Pr&eacute;lude to L'Arl&eacute;sienne, possibly the harp, too, at the end of the second Arl&eacute;sienne suite) where I feel there could or should have been some way of bringing the instrument concerned more into the foreground. But taken as a whole, this is a respectable performance with some most enjoyable moments, and if you don't happen to be a Bizet afficionado but would just like to listen in to the best-known tunes from "Carmen" without listening to the whole opera, and if you think you could enjoy 35 minutes or so of "L'Arl&eacute;sienne" in the form that Bizet and a friend brought it into after it failed on stage, then this could be a worthwhile investment. In my mind, there is no doubt that this Cd is good value for money.
Good CD but chill does not go with Rachmaninov.  The man is romantic.  Let's change the title to In Love with Rachmaninov.
eclectic and long...is this romantic, post-modern or merely idiosyncratic? 1st movment is most interesting...reserve right to reconsider these comments in 10 or 20 years.
The performance and recording are great, but here is some minor skipping on disk 1 track 14 about 2:30 in.
These pieces are ok, but, for me, not the best I have in this type of music.  A few pieces were very nice, but I have other CD's I like a lot more than this one.  There was one piece, and I do not recall which it was, I thought was just awful, not a piece I could listen to while meditating at all.  I think this is a very subjective selection - if you have a lot of this music and are into this genre a lot, you would probably appreciate this selection and enjoy it very much, if you don't have a lot of this genre, and are just beginning to enjoy it, you may wish to select another product.
This is the last of the five discs that Bal&aacute;zs Szokolay recorded in the Naxos &#8220;Romantic Piano Favourites&#8221; series (Italian Institute, Budapest; December 1988 and January 1989). As with the other discs before it, Szokolay makes a good impression with those composers and pieces with which he appears to have an affinity (Bart&oacute;k; all the faster, more &#8216;showy&#8217; pieces: here, Mozart, Tchaikovsky, Schubert, Liszt, Moszkowski), but some of the more meditative pieces seem to lack emotional depth or are spoiled by a rather too hurried approach which seems to emphasize virtuoso acrobatics at the expense of poignancy and slight variations of tempo. The opening Scarlatti sounds good, but Szokolay is not really able to rival the old EMI recording of Scarlatti&#8217;s sonatas by Christian Zacharias. The Schumann, the Mendelssohn, the Grieg, the Alb&eacute;niz and the Debussy are, in my opinion, in the &#8220;also-ran&#8221; category. Perhaps the rarest piece on this record is Lef&eacute;bure-W&eacute;ly&#8217;s &#8220;Monastery Bells&#8221;, a number which was very popular in its day but which is hardly likely to raise an eyebrow today.
The originals indeed. I don't have this disc and I don't know this label, but judging from the track listing it is the reissue of the Swingle Singers' original Jazz Sebastien Bach album from 1963 (published in the US under the title "Bach's Greatest Hits", the one that at once propelled the Paris-based Jazz vocal accompaniment ensemble into the charts, with the tracks in reshuffled order. I obviously can't comment on the reissue's sonic value, but the timing is short (circa 30-minutes) and the album has been reissued by Polygram on a single CD, paired with the 1968 sequel, and that CD still sells cheap at the time of writing:Jazz Sebastian Bach.For more Swingle Singers, see my comprehensive discography on Listmania! (links in the comments section).
You should know that the overall sound quality on this release is not very good. A fair amount of clipping and just not a very "bright" recording... These outstanding musicians deserve better!
If you're new to this symphony and are absolutely amazed, welcome. Walton's First stands with giants. This Colin Davis recording lets you know that. It is worth a digital download, though I think you'll find yourself wondering if there are better performances out there. There are - Andre Previn's 1966 RCA recording with the London Symphony Orchestra is chief among them. Currently the easiest way to hear that performance is to get "Sir William Walton: Collected Works" on the RCA Victor Europe label. Don't hesitate: go find it.  All the other performances on that Collected Works album are also great choices. As for this recording by Davis, I listened to it for the sonic clarity until I found Slatkin's 1987 recording at a local library. If Previn gets the gold star, Slatkin gets a silver. Davis gets a bronze. The drama is a not always so well articulated here (needs a little more jazz), and the bumpadumps at the end of each movement (that is, the concluding chords, for lack of a technical word) come across more awkward than necessary.
I personally prefer the Jacek Kasprzyk recording with the K. Szymanowski State Philharmonic and soloist Zofia Kilanowicz (who sings for Wit as well.)  Kasprzyk's recording - previously issued by EMI - is a live recording and captures this work in a much more immediate way.  And Kilanowicz sounds better for Kasprzyk as well, truly radiant.  It's worth seeking out.
&#34;Fur Elise&#34; is not a song, it's pure static; I felt cheated by this. Not the highest sound quality (a little post-production noise reduction would have been nice), but otherwise solid fidelity,  sounds exactly the way I remember.
Linda has a good mastery of a beautiful instrument. The songs were performed with good rhythm and there was good variety.
I downloaded this as MP3 by accident (you know, can't turn off "one click" and themouse slipped while scrolling).It is arrangements of (mostly) common things for violin and orchestra (including, of course, the 24th caprice, which is really for violin solo). Theseare nice arrangements that are easy on the ear. In other words, "pops"arrangements. Not actually bad (except the 24th caprice, which should sound impossibly hard.)
I don't know if it's because Muhal Richard Abrams really wanted to be taken seriously as a serious composer or if he thought that no one in particular would be paying attention to fringe jazz artists in the year 2001, but "The Visibility of Thought" is mighty quiet, minimal, sprawling, and possibly the most challenging AACM-associated batch of "tunes" I have encountered yet (keep in mind I'm still fairly new to all this). I mean, this style has floated so far down the third stream, drifted further and further from the jazz shores, that I'm not sure where I am when I'm in the thick of it.All but one of the track titles are descriptive and thereby points to an accurate idea of each piece. "Baritone Voice and String Quartet" seems pretty straightforward, right? So is "Duet with Violin and Piano." If I were to give a harmonic description to what is going on here, I'd say think chamber style Schoenberg.The title track is an electronic piece that unfortunately feels like a wasted opportunity. More experimental than idea-based, nothing notable happens in the course of 5 minutes. Some of it might work for your homemade haunted house, but it's hard to imagine it bearing critical listening. Merely curious listening.It's important to discuss the last track since it is takes up almost 40% of the album itself. The strange thing about its presence is that it's 29 minutes of improvisation concluding an album full of serious compositions. Abrams is a jazz musician, so this just comes with his territory I suppose. And if you enjoy Keith Jarrett's extended, untitled piano improvisations without the annoying groaning and foot-stomping, I think you can rejoice in the fact that Abrams takes it a few steps further. Jarrett's harmony and melodies are pretty conventional compared to this piece. You'll have to take my word for it considering my rudimentary knowledge of music theory, but the harmonies of this piece seem to run deeper without going all Schoenberg atonal on you. It's really something considering he's just making it up as he goes.
This isn't a symphony, but a suite of (as I hear it) mostly motivic treatments. I like much of it (not the farcical Overture and Finale--but give me the Dead's happy, wobbly renditions of that tune anytime), though there's a sameness of atmosphere/mood to much of the expression. It near-completely leaves out high-energy forte e con moto realms of the Dead's music and performance; the predominant mood seems to be subdued nocturne (maybe that's where Lee Johnson's taste inclines him, I don't know), with a couple of Gershwin and Milhaud/Ellington jazz nods, yet no nods to (apter to Grateful Dead) Noah Lewis or Blind Willie Johnson. Lee Johnson brings out a remarkable Stephen Foster aspect to Sugar Magnolia that I'd never heard from it; it's the only Weir composition he includes, though. For my taste, the best realizations are the musical-emotionally rich, mystic China Doll and the poetic Here Comes Sunshine.
In the same way that English composer Ralph Vaughan Williams took timeless English folk tunes and incorporated them into his orchestral works at the turn of the 20th Century Lee Johnson has taken the threads of the Grateful Dead's own folk ballads and woven them into orchestral settings not dissimilar to the works of Ralph Vaughan Williams. Add a dash of Gershwin to make it more American and I can see where this is coming from. A brave attempt and one that does work given the constraints of the Classical format (European and Western)
Starting with the release of "Deadicated" (1991), I've picked up just about every Grateful Dead tribute. I have the tributes inbluegrass,rock,reggae,a capellaand jazz ("Blues for Allah Project" "Dark Star" "Swingin'"). Being an enthusiast for orchestral music, I was surprised to discover that this is the only philharmonic Dead tribute. In a day when most bands seem to have a string quartet or symphony orchestra tribute, it's odd that it took so long for the Grateful Dead. In any case, here it is and I'm not sure if it was worth the wait. "Dead Symphony" makes the opposite mistake that spoils most of these tributes. Most of these projects are money grubbing schemes that hire mediocre studio musicians to pump out simplistic and soulless renditions. As if conscious of this pitfall, "Dead Symphony" steered too hard in the other direction. It sounds as if Lee Johnson took this project too seriously and overcompensated. The essential melodies are often elusive. As a result, many of the compositions are difficult to recognize. The sound is often too large and busy as a result of over intellectualization. The benefits of this reworking are negligible while it suggests that Johnson thought the music needed help. The upbeat tunes often sound like they belong on the soundtrack to a vintage Western film. This bombastic style has merit, but it doesn't fit the Dead. The slower, softer tunes are the ones that work best. Indeed, highlights include 'Mountains of the Moon' and 'Blues for Allah.' The drawbacks to this project are not from a lack of effort or authentic dedication. As with Amazon reviewer Robin Russell, I can easily understand how some listeners may fully appreciate this project. In the end, I found "Dead Symphony" to be enjoyable background music that probably won't get more than a few additional spins before collecting dust. While "Dead Symphony" makes a meaningful contribution, let's hope that it serves to open the gates for similarly minded Dead tributes.
Both of the reviews here are posted also for the Orbelian recording. This MP3 Download is for a completely different, older Bolshoi recording with an entirely different cast.
Can somebody tell me the precise name of the wonderful Mendelssohn piece Song without Words? I'm looking for the sheet music.
Milton Babbitt (1916- ) is an American composer of serial and electronic "music."  I put the word "music" in quotes, because what he produced is not what most people think of as music.  If you enjoy random noise, then you will like his work.  If not, you are well advised to look for something a bit more...well, musical.Atonalism, serialism, and electronic music that incorporates both these approaches, appeals to certain people--especially a certain segment of academic musicians.  But you won't find beauty here, only a collection of sounds inspired by the idea that the universe is meaningless, and, in the case of "Occasional Variations," something that sounds like R2D2 on crack.The recording quality here is fine, which is why I gave it three stars.  But I only purchased it for my husband, so he could show the students in a university history course just how awful some of the "music" from the mid-20th c. was, and how mixed up some of us have gotten about what constitutes music.  Sir Kingsley Amis overstated his case when he wrote in 1982 that "twentieth-century music is like pedophilia.  No matter how persuasively and persistently its champions urge their cause, it will never be accepted by the public at large, who will continue to regard it with incomprehension, outrage and repugnance."  Rachmaninoff's Piano Concerto No. 3 in D minor, Barber's Adagio for Strings, Poulenc's Organ Concerto in G minor, and Hovhaness' many symphonies, just to pick a few examples, were all written in the 20th c., so this is not entirely fair.  But Sir Kingsley's remark applies with full force to the "music" (or if you prefer, "random noise") on this recording, and I suspect it was this sort of thing he was thinking about when he made it.So caveat emptor.
The interpretation and musicality were very good, flawed by some technical problems.  The smaller the group, the easier to hear the flaws... or should I say that the smaller ensembles have less chance to cover flaws.  This group suffered a number of lapses in ensemble - playing precisely together seemingly as a single unit - and intonation.  Could it be that this group was assembled for the purpose of making this recording?  Those qualities usually come with playing together often and over a long period.There are few if any other available recordings of these chamber pieces.  Even with the problems, these are good representations of these compositions.
Ms. Tipo's tone is rich and round, and she brings out many of Bach's mischievously hidden voices.  The problem is that the performance is rather one-note.  The tempi are almost uniformly slow, so that you sometimes can't tell the difference between a Courante and a Sarabande (as in the c minor Partita).  This weighs heavily on this lively music and sacrifices a lot of its robustness and edge.  Of course this is all a matter of taste - the playing is thoughtful and presents a strong viewpoint, which I love to see in all playing, especially in Bach.  It's just not my personal favorite, but it may be yours.
I love marches!  Especially marches written by John Philip Sousa.  I'm in my 70s so I've been listening to Sousa's marches on and off since the 1950s.  Nothing gets your blood pumping and your feet itching to move like an inspiring march.  I used to get up, put on a march LP and the music would start my day off on a high note.Unfortunately, "The World's Greatest Marches Performed By the Masters of March" don't do that to me.  The only good thing about this recording is that it is in stereo.  I can appreciate it on one level but it's not as inspiring as "Sousa Marches as composed and orchestrated by John Philip Sousa played by the Pride of the '48 Band [P-4800 Somerset circa 1957]."  I wish this Somerset recording was available digitized and in stereo.  It has the classic sound that you want a marching band to make.Don't be put off by my negative review as it is only my opinion.  But do listen to as many choices as you can before deciding.
The music and performances in this album would make a fine and unusual addition to my collection, but let the buyer of the mp3 version beware!  The last couple of movements of the Hindemith Trio are slightly corrupted so that micro gaps have appeared in the audio.  I was able to repair it, sort of, in an audio editor and re-save it as a new mp3 file, but a small part of the data is lost.  This exact same corruption appears on the streams in my account with Rhapsody, so it must be a universal problem.  You are probably better off buying the CD outright.
Arthur Sullivan always wanted to be recognized as a serious composer, yet will, of course, forever be thought of as half of the Gilbert and Sullivan duo. There have been several recordings of his serious works the last couple of years, however, and can they remedy this one-sided view of him? The answer, and I think it is a pretty clear one, is no; there are certainly good things to be found on this disc, for instance, but the undeniable fact is that it was, indeed, in the partnership with Gilbert that Sullivan excelled. The serious music is, while again not in any way bad music, not really ever above the level of  hundreds of other, forgotten 19th century composers in terms of quality.It is not that his music lack melody; the Irish symphony is brimful of them - the problem is rather that none of them are particularly memorable. The first movement, for instance, opens atmospherically but continues on in a mostly Mendelssohnian but anonymous vein with little interesting to say. The Andante espressivo is probably the best movement and the third movement certainly charming - the fourth again more anodyne than the tone set for it at the outset suggests. Overall, then, it is an attractive and, I guess, finely wrought work, but not a particularly memorable one.The selections from the Tempest Suite are still a letdown by comparison. A very early work, it certainly displays skill and talent, but as a listening experience it isn't particularly rewarding. The In Memoriam overture is better, but again the promise of the atmospheric opening is never delivered and the work as a whole is charming but somewhat meandering and inconsequential. The somewhat mixed impression of this disc is by no means due to the performances, however, which are very good, and Chandos rewards them with excellent sound quality. Still, while certainly a worthwhile encounter, I see no particular reason (apart from a historical interest in the development of the composer) to go out of one's way to acquire this one.
Have been listening to excerpts from this album on Pandora.  Had to have it after looking at the list of tracks,  Read on reviewers comments about background noises: I figured how bad could it be?  Pretty bad.  Have never heard a &#34;live&#34; recording with these distractions.  Larry Dalton did a great job.
Mr. Wood may or may not have it right, but his style isn't to my taste.  I'm relatively unlearned in the WTC, but it appears Wood is part of the movement to reject "romantic" interpretations of this masterpiece.  I just find his performance rather airless, even suffocating, and a bit quirky at times -- like many opening bars where he almost plays notes stocatto, with no sustain, let alone a pedal.  It's so annoying that I sometimes don't even hear the music.There's applause at the end of a few tracks. It sounds unenthusiastic, which is how this recording made me feel.  I'm going to look for another, more mellifluous performance, say by Edward Aldwell, which is recommended so highly.I invite comments on my review.  I am ready to admit a severe bias that overlooks Mr. Wood's possible interpretive genius, as the first reviewer seemed to detect.
I never understood why this 1956 recording of Grieg's Piano Concerto on Vol.37 of RCA's Rubinstein Edition was always so common and easily available, while his vastly superior 1961 recording on Vol. 60 with the same conductor remains obscure and hard to find. For a while, I never realized Vol.37 in my collection was the 1956 recording, erroneously believing that it was the 1961 version. Which explained much as to why I never seemed to enjoy this CD the way I remember the 1961 LP I owned. Indeed, in all my years of collecting I've never seen an original copy of the 1956 version with the same conductor or even knew it existed until fairly recently, while the later 1961 LP is well known and easily found, which is a sad testimony as to the worth of the earlier recording.If you get this CD, do so for the Tchaikovsky Concerto, Rubinstein's last recording of this warhorse. By no means a definitive version, it is nonetheless more interesting then his 1956 Grieg. But do seek out his 1961 Grieg, in my opinion one of the most beautiful and lush sounding recordings, even by today's standards, of this work ever to be put on disc.The 1961 Grieg is available in RCA/Sony's new Complete Rubinstein Collection of course, but one can only hope they resurrect this as a single disc (preferably with original LP artwork) for those of us who already have all the Rubinstein we care to own in our collections.
Beautiful, but regrettably the recording picked up the rumble of a truck accelerating in the background during Fantasia on a Theme, starting at 6:50.
I was disappointed to find this was not the actual movie soundtrack recording.  Guess i should look a little closer before I press "purchase".  Still good, just not the movie soundtrack, which in my opinion, can't be topped.
The performance is very well done--in the same dramatic style as other great twentieth century Soviet conductors such as Golovanov, Mravinsky, and Svetlanov.  I was disappointed at the recording's defects--namely an irritating scratchy sound during the recording as if I were listening to a 78 rpm record.  I realize these are old recordings and I wasn't expecting the quality we have today, but they could have remastered it a bit better.  If sound quality is a concern, get the BBC Symphony Orchestra performance.  I think it's on the Chandos label.
I bought the music today. I am a fan of epic music like the stuff from Two Steps from Hell. However, I was a little disappointed. The amount of tracks is not that large and the tracks are most times short. Furthermore, I felt after 30 min of listening to hear the same general parts again and again (even before the second half with the same tracks as instrumential version has started).If you want to hear great epic music I recommend Invincible from Two Steps from Hell. If you are bored by this, you can buy this soundtrack, it's still okay.
I am a huge Artur Rubinstein fan - he is, without question, one of the truly great pianists of the 20th century.  But I'm sorry to say I have to agree with the other reviewers who were disappointed in this performance - a little sluggish, lacking in energy and fire (very un-Rubinsteinian) - and sluggish Mozart isn't much fun to listen to.  You can do better than this recording of these wonderful works -- I recommend the Christian Zacharias recording, which bounces along with a good deal more verve and light-heartedness than this one.
I heard this on NPR and loved the violin.  However, it's only available as an mp3 download.  The recording suffers from mp3 compression.  Some of us listen to music outside of a iTouch player and enjoy the full sound of the original recording.  Can't say I am a fan of mp3 from Amazon, unless all you want is some music for computer background.
The music is high quality. The mix is fair and the documentation / credits are a little weak. A worthwhile purchase not a great one
Sampler. Classical. You immediately love it or hate. Good quality. Soothing and restful.  I agree the best track is Lord Willobie's Welcome Home. Good Music.  Good use pf instruments. Even some choral pieces
Telarc engineers are the VERY BEST in the business and this effort really stunned me.  The Orkney Wedding soundstage was cramped.  I have a huge number of Telarc products and this is the first one in 20 years that failed for ME.
I'm not a classical music critic, nor do I have a trained ear.  To me, however, as long-time listener, the Vienna Philharmonic performance is terrific, lively and bright, which is how I like to hear Haydn.The recording, however, seems mixed unnecessarily heavy on the treble side. It begs me to adjust my stereo settings.  Maybe this is unique to the MP3 medium.  I can't comment on the CD version.
Classical music can be beautiful.  At times it is more helpful than pop or acoustic music at permitting the listener to work through his/her own problems while letting the music flow by subconsciously...we had a dinner in the biggest restaurant of the delightful small town --It was complete with the twinkling ice cubes on outdoor patio, twanging acoustic music, and the overall bistro atmosphere on a beautiful summer night.We had been on several dates previously, so there was an expectation, with our walk, that something approaching magical would happen precipitously.  We had begun bickering, however.  In the small way that broaches, only in civilized ways; never outwardly aggressive.He pointed out to me, "Look," and I looked; they were squat ugly cement cylinders of the type used to block roads.  We were in an alley, his choice.  These yellow cylinders were the last thing I cared to direct my attention.  "There are 13 of them," I said, as a response.My response, unsurprisingly, did not please him.  The unpleasantness of our bickering increased.  On our forced saunter back along the alley, he 'suggested' we sit on a cement cylinder.  It was with an unpleasant sensation I complied and then warded off public displays of affection/french kissing for the next quarter-hour.  As with Haydn, he'd decided to place his surprise near the end.  For that was what it ended up being.Later, a few months, after it was apparent the family connections having mired new possibilities and nothing between us could last, I looked back and recognized the number of cylinders I'd duly noted.Thirteen.  Lucky for me, life still comes with warning signs, even in midst of my weird relationship stuff.
This recording was very disappointing.  Bernstein seems to be conducting in cut time.  Too too fast.  No extravagant retardando.  Little emotion in a piece that should be all about emotion.  Lenny's version is tragic all right.
The songs are beautiful. But when the instrumentation gets to high in pitch the recording cracks a bit which is unfortunate. I would find another recording.
This was well-played and well-conducted. I love this symphony. Unfortunately, this particular recording comes across as tinny and thin. Was this an old recording? OK, so I'm being a bit picky, but I grew up in the compact disk era. OK, though, if you want a cheap recording.
I had to re-name everything because this music came up in my itunes under the performer and producer's names, not under the composer and the name of the music. I wish the labels that come on the music you send matched what itunes uses.
This is a servicable collection of Rossini overtures. Its most glaring weakness is lacking the William Tell overture, and the performance of The Thieving Magpie is very weak. But the other performances are OK, though nowhere near very good.
My own fault of course.  I was looking for scottish folk music.  I'll try again when I'm in a different mood and I may like it better then.
It's a real pity that having such outstanding orchestra, the whole approac be so weak, specially in the last movement.This conception - to my mind - seems to obey to a very rational character. The last movement is flame and rage against Stalin's fist of iron.The sound is overwhelming.
The yearly chamber music festival in Kuhmo is one of the highlights of Finnish musical life. This Ondine box set from 2002 features live recordings of various Finnish works performed over the years at the festival. The CD set was released in small quantities and never saw a US release, but it's still available at Amazon's UK site if, like me, you dislike MP3s. Now, this collection features a long line of Finnish composers ranging from the generation after Sibelius to the present, and not all interest me, so my review will discuss only those figures who I follow.Kaija Saariaho's "Spins and Spells" (1997) was her third work for solo cello. Saariaho is especially talented in writing for this instrument, using a profound knowledge of the instrument to evoke otherworldly sounds. Here ascending and descending lines are slowly altered with all many of techniques, from changing between standard notes and harmonic to smearing them with trills and glissandi. It is if the instrument itself becomes the drama of the work. All of Saariaho's cello pieces were written for Anssi Karttunen, and his performance can be found on a Petals disc. Here we have a competing recording by Roi Ruottinen, who has a somewhat lighter touch than Karttunen, though he holds pauses longer.Kimmo Hakola is better known these days for his zany brand of modernism and quotations from folk songs and the Baroque, but he started off in the 1980s as a high modernist writing total abstraction. "...la nuit n'est pas" for cello and piano (1984) is one of the few works surviving from this time. Meditative writing for the cello, exploring all the capabilities of the instrument, are interrupted by savage chords and runs erupting from the piano. It's not a major work, but Hakola certainly had a talent for dramaturgy from an early age.Magnus Lindberg's Clarinet Quinet (1992) is exciting. I love Lindberg's music of this era where everything is intently driven by a single musical process towards a fixed goal, but the individual parts are flying all over the place, a very caffeinated soundworld. Here the writing is heavily tilted towards the clarinet, which plays sweeping lyrical lines and is even left on its own at one point. The strings are the background material, providing harmonic accompaniment and some charming pizzicato. This is, as far as I know, Lindberg's only work using string quartet, and it's interesting to see how his distinctive style is adapted to this very traditional group of instruments. The Clarinet Quintet was written for clarinetist Kari Kriikku, who performs here with the Avanti! Quartet. However, the sound quality of this live recording isn't so good, with the violins especially sounding distant. IMO the definitive recording is with Kriikku and the Ardittis on aNaive disc.Jukka Tiensuu is something of an outlying figure among the Finnish composers of his generation. I find his music bizarre, and the fact that I listen to a great deal of music that the average person would think strange ought to say something. "Mutta" for three accordions (1985/87) is fairly representative of Tiensuu's personal style: unisons in bouncy rhtyhms that eventually dissipate into wild individual lines and microtones. However, the following "Drang" for solo guitar (1998) was for me yet another classical guitar piece that is harmless -- even deferential to tradition -- yet completely unmemorable.Finally, I was happy to see a work here by Paavo Heininen. He was the first Finnish composer to adopt Darmstadt modernism as a starting point and the teacher of the whole 1970s generation that went on to worldwide fame, but he is sadly rarely recorded. His String Quintet op. 78 (2001) shows a more cautious, meditative composer than the brash and ebullient 1960s pieces that earned him a reputation as an enfant terrible and long kept him out of his nation's conservative concert halls. (Hear some on aFinlandia disc). Here the Danel Quartet performs, with Roi Ruottinen as the second cellist.The first movement, "Punctus" is cast essentially as a single musical line, and its interesting to hear the line passed from instrument to instrument -- I think seeing in this piece in concert would be fantastic. The way the violin stands alone at the end of the first movement is one of the most memorable moments I know from a string quartet(+). This is a strong work, and I wish it were more widely performed.
I have been playing classical guitar for 25 years now and I am always looking for new interpretations of baroque pieces.  I listened to samples of this but it sounds like sampled classical guitar and sequenced classical guitar at that.  A midi file maybe?  ????  It does say guitar is the instrument though.
I listened to Myung-Whun Chung on this disc and Myung-Whun Chung on DG with his VPO Dvorak 6th and 8th.  This BIS 8th is nicely recorded (typical BIS) but is a lifeless affair for the loveliest of Czech symphonies - #8.  The Gothenbourg play accurately, but miss capturing and identifying with the Czech spirit.  Note perfect, nice ensemble but far short of Czech national struggles, Dvorak's admiration of Brahms 3rd symphony and Dvoraks understanding of native musical tunes.  Try Jarvi on Chandos/SNO for an expressive 8th capturing Czechoslovakian spirit, better Dvorak idiom, far more lyrical and much better attention to Dvorak's symphonic scoring.  A wonderful The Wild Dove is included.  Avoid Karajan's greasy-pig Dvorak style and Giulini's EMI set positively DRAGS.Unfortunately, this 7th is bested by Kubelik Decca/VPO - if not digital sound, Neumann's superb 7th on Denon with positively KEEN Czech Philharmonic playing, a unique orchestral technique and the most insightful, idiomatic, native comprehension of Dvoraks' scoring, ambition and mature symphonic Dvorak.  Stunning dynamic range on the DENON recording.Myung-Whun Chung on DG/VPO is a use of the VPO's tonal resources that the ear adores, but nothing AT ALL insightful with Dvoraks' 8th or 6th.  Period.  Want a good Dvorak 6?  Try Kertesz on LONDON.
Reader, it's always a treat to hear the Czech Philharmonic play Bruckner. In this domain, its purity and devotion to the cause are second to none. This is my first encounter with Franz Konwitschny, lord of fire-water; he is clearly a master-Brucknerian on the basis of this recording alone. His urgency, sensitivity to Otherness and mastery of Bruckner's time-space continuum are superlative. In a performance such as this, the Romantic Symphony could be likened to an incantation of runes, addressed to the primordial powers of the forest.The 1952 recording (in mono) has been lovingly remastered - that much is clear. It's listenable enough. Hiss has not been exorcised at the expense of atmosphere. All the detail is essentially here. Nevertheless the endeavour is flawed: there's minimal gap between pianissimo and the big blaze-ups; the latter are semi-choked. For whatever reason, this is truer of the first three movements, the finale being less impaired.Five stars for the performance, enshrining as it does a vision beyond the score. The limitations of the recording relegate this Bruckner Fourth to a few rungs below.
Vladimir Bunin (1908-1970) is one of (literally) probably hundreds of Soviet symphonists completely unknown in the West and - apart from disc - unrepresented in the catalogue (I do not know if he is related to the slightly more familiar composer Revol Bunin). It is a tradition that really calls for a revival - relatively recent issues of music by, say, Klebanov, Yevlakhov or Arapov have amply demonstrated that is some first-rate music out there waiting to be discovered. I don't think I would place Bunin in the same league as Klebanov and Arapov, but the music on this disc is worth investigating if you like the music of, say, Kabalevsky or Shebalin.The style is relatively conservative and essentially post-romantic. Bunin has a penchant for long, elegiac lines and emotional verve and often employs folk-song or folk-inspired material, and the music sounds a bit like a cross between Myaskovsky and Kabalevsky. The violin concerto was premiered in 1953, and is a warmly poetic, attractive work, even though there are few really memorable passages (apart from the overall impressive finale) and the work is overlong and tends to meander. With Leonid Kogan as the soloist and Kirill Kondrashin in charge of the USSR State Symphony Orchestra you'd expect a first-rate performance, and I have no complaints about Kogan. It is harder to judge the orchestra - the booklet mentions that the orchestral parts are "pellucid and graceful", but the recording, from 1953, does not really allow the listener to assess that claim. The violin is recorded very closely and loudly, with a bit of digital distortion from the remastering, but the orchestral sound is rather awful, boxy and muffled, and it is hard to tell the instrumental sections apart.The second symphony was recorded five years earlier (1948), but the sound is much better - this is actually a fairly good recording for its date. It is another solidly crafted and occasionally inspired, very Russian-sounding and conservative work - though Bunin adds some interesting harmonic solutions. The slow first movement is the most impressive, but there are plenty of things to savor in the others as well, even though Bunin once again could probably have condensed some of it quite a bit. The USSR State Symphony, this time under Konstantin Ivanov, makes a good effort of it, with plenty of atmosphere and color. In sum, I am very happy to have heard this disc, though in fairness I suspect it might be primarily for the specialist - if you are a fan of twentieth century Russian symphonism it is very well worth your time, however.
I enjoy a little classical music once in a while and this was new music to my ears and I am very pleased with it.
Symphony no. 3 in F Major: Johannes BrahmsSymphony no. 1 in D Major (Titan): Gustav MahlerSymphony no. 5 in e minor, op 64: Pyotr Ilyich TchaikovskySymphony no. 6 in D Major op. 60: Antonin DvorakSymphony no. 3 in a minor (unfinished): Alexander Porfir'yevich BorodinSymphony no. 3 in c minor "Organ": Camille Saint-SaensSymphony no. 9 in d minor WAB 109: Anton Bruckner
If you are into classical and like free, this is an album to download from Amazon.
not really my thing but it was pretty cool to give to my aunt who is suck in the 80s. she loved it!
Who can complain about a 5 hour package of classical music that is free? My comment goes not only to this package, but to Amazon's other low price classical collections. The value is high, the listening is great, but usually, I don't know what I'm hearing, because Amazon does not list the composer names. In classical music, that is essential. Come on, Amazon, give us the composer names before the selection title.
Sampler.  Classical.  Good mix.  Good quality.  Technically not bad.  Don't get the '80's thing.  Listened to it for many years
I can't say that it's bad but there is nothing that is particularly good about it either.  It has about a 1 min scripture reading(which are well done) in the beginning of each track followed by about five minutes of less than great meditation music.  There is a composition that does something similar called the Word became Flesh, is amazingly beautiful!! I was expecting something similar, however it is not, I would not buy it again
The phrasing and orchestral texture here is too "smooth", to smooth shaved, to oily smooth & smeary.  Only if your Bruckner collection needs a Bruckner 3 lacking in dynamics, lacking in counterpoint tonality, lacking intensity should this recording be in your library.  Norrington misses the range of Bruckners cathedrals of sound, the symphonic output is too lacking in thrust.  Tempos a touch on the brisk side and with the mediocre playing - this doesn't help.  I'm appalled the Gramophone just listed this dismal performance as a best.  Stick with Karajans BPO Bruckner 3 for a dazzling performance.  Chailly's Bruckner 3 on DECCA gives a well recorded clear textured full range recording with tonally accurate playing from the Berlin Radio Orchestra with great impact and heft.
Bychkov has made a specialty of the Verdi Requiem  I heard a satisfying live reading under him in London - but this recording gets off to a bad start.  The pianissimo introduction evokes no mystery, and the sudden forte entry by the basses is extremely aggressive. At the critical moment when we first hear the solo quartet, the two women, Urmana and Borodina, are impressive, but Ramon Vargas bawls to save his soul. Furlanetto is a genuine Verdi bass but sounds woolly and past his prime. Fine as they are, the two Russian women are also veterans. It would be hard for any performance to rise above these deficits.As recorded, the chorus is huge but also reasonably clear - in general the sonics are good. The beginning of the Dies Irae is an all-out assault, but that's become the way to do it, as exemplified by famous recordings under Muti and Solti (I dislike both). Bychkov tends to be aggressive too much of the time, which is frustrating since he has mastered the score and delivers some sections without excess. The famous quip that the Requiem is Verdi's best opera doesn't mean that it can't be moving.I won't delineate my response in detail. Much of this performance is powerful in a visceral way even if almost every opportunity for nuance is missed.  We don't have many dramatic sopranos who can sing the Libera me with Urmana's undoubted power. She's the best thing here and my main reason for sticking with the project.
Overall, the music is fair. British choral Christmas is my favorite type, but this disappoints. The voices are very uneven. The choir director did not do a good job on this. The songs are standard Christmas fair, but does not come close to King's College, Cambridge which is what I compare others to.
Note: This review begins with the same paragraph I'm using for a number of Philadelphia Orch. MP3 downloads.The Philadelphia Orch., now in hapless condition and bankruptcy after years of mismanagement, has lost its luster with the press, especially in the UK, where The Gramophone listed it as a has-been in its poll of the world's great orchestras (unbelievably, the critics who ranked the orchestras placed the Philadelphia below mediocrities like the Budapest Festival Orch.). Be that as it may, and despite the deterioration that occurred under Christoph Eschenbach, this remains a premiere ensemble, its basic personnel as strong as it ever was. The orchestra launched an extensive download series of MP3 recordings captured in concert, mostly under the routine Eschenbach, which has garnered almost no attention here at Amazon.Here we have Schenbach leading the Schubert Ninth, and form the relaxed horn motto at the beginning, phrased with a touch of rubato, he sets himself apart from current style. At 71, Eschenbach belongs firmly to the old guard of German style, as does Barenboim, two years his junior - they both want the Schubert Ninth to unfold on a vast scale with the weight of Beethoven. Nimbleness, quick changes, and rhythmic crispness are not in the offing. I love readings that succeed with this approach - Klemperer has a great one in the modern era - and Eschenbach certainly doesn't fail, but he's rather ordinary. Even grand Schubert needs some punch and dramatic tension.  Yet a conductor I admire far more than Eschenbach, Leonard Bernstein, has left a similar, very relaxed version of the Ninth on DG.A bigger problem is that this music is highly repetitive, and its famous "heavenly length" drags on unless the conductor finds a way to make the repeats sound fresh each time.  Eschenbach doesn't really try, but the orchestral playing is so beautiful that the ear can bathe in that. The touchstone is the Andante con moto, whose principal theme recurs dozens of times almost without change. I find Eschenbach too cautious, yet I never tired of hearing the woodwind playing.  Nothing striking happens in the Scherzo and finale, but nothing bad, either. If I had heard this reading at a subscription concert, I wouldn't have grumbled. Still, I'm happy the Eschenbach era came to an end prematurely; the Philadelphians deserve far better.
Note: This review begins with the same paragraph I'm using for a number of Philadelphia Orch. MP3 downloads.The Philadelphia Orch., now in hapless condition and bankruptcy after years of mismanagement, has lost its luster with the press, especially in the UK, where The Gramophone listed it as a has-been in its poll of the world's great orchestras (unbelievably, the critics who ranked the orchestras placed the Philadelphia below mediocrities like the Budapest Festival Orch.). Be that as it may, and despite the deterioration that occurred under Christoph Eschenbach, this remains a premiere ensemble, its basic personnel as strong as it ever was. The orchestra launched an extensive download series of MP3 recordings captured in concert, mostly under the routine Eschenbach, which has garnered almost no attention here at Amazon. They uniformly have good sound, adding to the impressive orchestral performances.I went to this Prokofiev fifth with the idea that it would be recommendable because it's such a staple that orchestras need little guidance form the conductor. But unfortunately, the Philadelphians have been delivering mediocre, even listless concerts for a long time, and with Eschenbach doing very little on the podium, this reading is no better than a run through. Even as a subscription concert it's no great shakes. What a pity that the orchestra has been reduced to posting MP3s of material that is so far below their great potential. I have no remarks about the individual movements here. Just imagine a great performance and remove all its exciting qualities.
Note: This review begins with the same paragraph I'm using for a number of Philadelphia Orch. MP3 downloads.The Philadelphia Orch., now in hapless condition and bankruptcy after years of mismanagement, has lost its luster with the press, especially in the UK, where The Gramophone listed it as a has-been in its poll of the world's great orchestras (unbelievably, the critics who ranked the orchestras placed the Philadelphia below mediocrities like the Budapest Festival Orch.). Be that as it may, and despite the deterioration that occurred under Christoph Eschenbach, this remains a premiere ensemble, its basic personnel as strong as it ever was. The orchestra launched an extensive download series of MP3 recordings captured in concert, mostly under the routine Eschenbach, which has garnered almost no attention here at Amazon.As an example of how debilitating Eschenbach's performances could be, this Eroica is rather anodyne. In the modern fashion it skirts being heroic, revolutionary, and bold - it's not even forceful. I hate such an approach personally, but standing back with a little objectivity, Eschenbach's version of a "classical" Eroica is no worse than rivals like Rattle, Abbado, and Haitink, perhaps winning the prize for the scrawniest first movement (I'm sure there is such a prize, since so many conductors are competing for it). Everything proceeds at the same mezzo forte, with weak accents, a fairly moderate tempo compared to HIP whiz kids, and uninvolved playing. This is what the middle of the road looks like.I shouldn't invoke period style as an influence except in the general triviality of the proceedings. At 18 min., the funeral march is traditionally paced. Eschenbach doesn't achieve eloquence on the order of Klemperer or Furtwangler, but this would be a satisfying subscription concert reading; no one who was dozing would be startled awake. The Scherzo is quick on its feet but glib rather than exciting; it's played like music excerpted from Mendelssohn's Midsummer Night's Dream.  The horn ensemble in the Trio is quite lovely.  Probably the best movement in this reading is the finale, not that anything exceptional happens, but Eschenbach offers a bit of mood and rhythmic alertness. Small praise, I know, but how many innocuous Eroicas are we expected to take?
Note: This review begins with the same paragraph I'm using for a number of Philadelphia Orch. MP3 downloads.The Philadelphia Orch., now in hapless condition and bankruptcy after years of mismanagement, has lost its luster with the press, especially in the UK, where The Gramophone listed it as a has-been in its poll of the world's great orchestras (unbelievably, the critics who ranked the orchestras placed the Philadelphia below mediocrities like the Budapest Festival Orch.). Be that as it may, and despite the deterioration that occurred under Christoph Eschenbach, this remains a premiere ensemble, its basic personnel as strong as it ever was. The orchestra launched an extensive download series of MP3 recordings captured in concert, mostly under the routine Eschenbach, which has garnered almost no attention here at Amazon.It would have been one thing if Sawallisch were a great conductor making his last stand in Philadelphia, but in reality he had long lost his luster and promise, so his tenure with the orchestra was tired. Surprisingly, this seems to have suited the old guard just fine. In their extensive download series, all in excellent sound, the orchestra has released a number of live Sawallisch readings; each listener can be the judge. Here we have a program of Dvorak and Hindemith, two composers that Sawallisch recorded for EMI in his early days in Philadelphia.First up are the eight Slavonic Dances Op. 72, which are less heard than the set of dances in Op. 46. The conductor knows his way around this music. The phrasing and rubato are convincing, and the orchestra plays affectionately. Kubelik and Talich set a different standard, more vigorous and rustic, while Sawallisch is considerably smoother and relaxed. A good touchstone would be dance no. 2, marked Allegretto grazioso, which is done, as requested, with lightness and grace. Even Karajan is not quite this suave.Hindemith's orchestral reputation has steadily declined since the Sixties, when stars like Ormandy and Bernstein recorded far more than the Mathis der Maler Symphony, the only work that seems to be regularly performed today, along with the rollicking  Symphonic Metamorphoses on a Theme by von Weber. Bernstein lit a fire underneath the Concert Music for Strings and Brass, and late in is career Ormandy gave a richly upholstered reading. The Philadelphians still produce beautiful sounds, with impeccable, sonorous brass and refined strings. The problem with Hindemith is that even when he delivers big gestures and symphonic grandness, his reliance on fugue, canon, and other academic forms seems dry. He needs a good deal of oomph that Sawallisch, treading cautiously, doesn't supply. If you want to hear the piece gorgeously played, this live reading is impressive, but the lack of energy is a major defect.
This is a fantastic set of songs and those I give five stars, but the sound on this is not so fantastic. I'm not an audiophile by any means, but there are numerous clicks and pops throughout the recording. I guess it's better than nothing.
very noisy recording, lots of tape hiss.. sounds like an analog recording with no Dolby. Is this a modern recording or a re-release of a very old tape?
This live recording is from 1996, the 40-year anniversary of the festival strings lucerne, featuring the then 12-year old violinist Augustin Hadelich and the young italian pianist Andrea Bachetti. It's a rather heavy and old-fashioned interpretation of these works.
The performance is superb, and its merits have been well catalogued over tne years. I bought this mp3 because it gave the acts uninterrupted with no pauses in be muical continuity. And its cheap. Sound wise it's just so-so. Clear enough, little tspe hiss. But there are a couple of places where one gets odd electrical &#34;clicks&#34; most especially in Wotan's Farewell. For the price and convenience of the medium I'll put up with it, they are very rare. I  also have the performance on regular cd so this is no big deal to me, but I thought others should be warned.
Wonderful cast, great value for the price, but can't they at least spell the title of the opera correctly on the album art????
Russian Songs, is a recording on the Hanssler label by Soprano Verena Rein, accompanied by Jascha Nemtsov, that  features works by Russian composers Vsevolod Zaderatsky, Arthur Lourie, and Dmitri Shostakovich.Overall, the pieces on this cd are at times beautiful, haunting, lyrical, and playful. I especially like no. 3 Mandolin, and no. 5 The Lazybones and the Tomcat. I enjoyed listening to the the pieces by Zaderatsky and Lourie more than the pieces by Shostakovich.Soprano Verena Rein is an internationally known singer and her voice is well-suited to this music. Her expressiveness brings out the musical colors of each piece and the accompaniment by Jascha Nemtsov is superb. I recommend this cd.
This performance is exemplary. I imagine the original recording is, too. Unfortunately, the Amazon mp3 download version is not. The loudest passages are clipped resulting in a small amount of distortion in the form of splattering. You would have to be a very picky listener to notice, however.
It is tough at this point to make a new statement with the Goldberg Variations, one of Bach's greatest compositions ever, and ably recorded by a lot of worthy players.This is arguably a "controversial" recording for reasons made clearer just below. There is pretty much no doubt that Paley can play, and the recording itself is ably done.  This is also, as one reviewer noted, very much a piano performance of these pieces.  If you like your Goldberg sounding harpsichord-like, this is not a recording for you. Besides that, the first thing to note about this recording is that it is two discs. Why? Because it is one and two-thirds hours long. That's roughly forty minutes longer than most recordings of the Variations, making this certainly one of the slowest tempoed recordings ever. In fact, the aria, at 5'20" (not the slowest ever, but up there) proves to be one of the speedier versions of the variations on this disc. The famous (arguably climactic) Variation 25 (the Black Pearl) is fully 11 minutes long. That's 11 minutes to get through two pages of music (four if you count the repeats). And yes, Paley plays all of the repeats.Second, I'm not sure which edition of the Variations Paley is using or if he is taking Baroque liberties with the music, but usually his repeats are much more ornamented than the first time around. And in at least one spot he adds (unfortunately rather muddy) chords, fully rounding out the bass accompaniment that Bach merely suggested with a single note. This is not new to recordings of the Variations--Tipo and Feltsman both raised and lowered lines by an octave. Adding whole chords is, however, a bit something else. Similarly, Paley follows a Baroque practice of somewhat freely improvised ornamentation, and also (thereby) winds up adding a large number of notes to the original not placed there by Bach. Doubtless this will spark a rather beside-the-point debate about playing in the style of the era versus updating the piece versus playing the style of the era in a modern idiom (Paley is, after all, not playing on an instrument Bach had access to or intended when he wrote the pieces). Once all the dust settles about that, however, the question will still remain: does this disc work.For purists, I think, absolutely not. It's primarily because many of the variations are so egregiously slow (and egregious is the right word) that Paley can get away with inserting as many interpolated ornaments, which at least does provide some welcome relief from the barren stretches of silence that linger between notes otherwise occurring much more contiguously in other performer's recordings. Certainly, the purists will say, "Baroque practice notwithstanding, if Bach had wanted ornaments on every note, he'd've indicated so." Also, while there are generally no tempo markings on any of the pieces, this may in part be because many of them are dance forms in which the tempo is understood. And others are forms that have very established practice in Bach's compositional repertoire, once again providing guidelines. No 7, for instance, is a French gigue, and should not be played in an overly hurried tempo. As such, the purists might say, Paley's overwhelmingly depressed tempos are overwhelmingly wrong.This might be an overstatement, but where the truth of the matter comes into play is, first of all, that there seems to be no general rhyme or reason for playing practically all of the pieces at a snail's pace. Second, and much more musically, slowing down the tempo makes it almost impossible in many cases to track the voicings in the variations. Call and echo effects are simply so attenuated that they all but disappear. The fact of the additional ornaments only adds to this. I don't mean to sound snide by this, but many of the pieces are so somnambulistic that I wonder if Paley has attempted to restore the original conceit of the piece (that it was supposed to help a count fall asleep.) Particularly toward the end of the variations, where there seems to be clearly meant musically an acceleration of the pieces, leading toward the pathos of the repeated opening, the dragging tempo becomes interminable, really.There are, absolutely, variations that benefit from the slow treatment, but there are equally more (if not in all) more that overcorrect what one might call Gould's headlong pitch, bringing too many of the pieces to a sub-adagio crawl. The quodlibet, for example, is supposed to be a joke, and Paley seems to have no idea that that is the case.  (A quodlibet is a musical form specifically meant as a joke.) Instead, it is performed at a stately sarabande pace, making the piece a kitschy farce unfortunately. It ends up dragging and becomes almost literally incoherent.There is a liberal use of dynamics throughout, though generally not enough to overcome the typically soporific tempos.  As a final interpretive curiosity, Paley does not play the repeats on the Aria da Capo, nor does he (perhaps following Wilhelm Kempff's example) play the ornaments either. A purist would object that the ornamentation of the aria is in the French style and therefore meant to be a part of the melody but, again, the question is does the change work?I happen to think that the Aria is one of the most exquisite pieces of musical art ever devised, and at least 90% of it's amazing effectiveness is, precisely, in how the different ornamental notes add flips and serifs and simply the lightest little brush strokes of commentary on the "main" melody, as it were. Taking out the ornamentation, then, is like taking out the color blue from Rembrandt's palette.I am not a Gould freak. But the reason there are so many who feel his performance is the standard setter is because of what his performance shows in the Goldberg Variations. It's not just his virtuosic playing and warp speed--it's that he had a real insight into the architecture of each piece, and brought that out. Others have similarly dug into the seemingly fathomless depths and come up with treasures. I'm grateful for Paley's experiment. No one has ever played the bulk of these pieces so slowly. The effect, when not soporific, is to induce a rather common anxiety (if not irritation) for the pianist to get on with it. Bach didn't, and never, wrote postmodern aggravation music, and these discs show it.I realize that there is no disputing taste, but I can only wonder at the other two reviews here. I don't doubt the reviewers liked the recording, but I wonder if they are really familiar with any other.I almost always say that it can never hurt to have another Goldberg Variation recording in one's collection, and I have thirty or so, but this is the first disc I can honestly say is not worth the money. Get it if you're curious and have the spare cash, but otherwise I'd recommend downloading one of the mp3s instead. Don't download the aria; it's fairly standard. If you are familiar with the variations and have one you like, download that one. You may find Paley's pace pleasing.I found it almost impossible to listen to both discs in one sitting. And getting through a couple more listenings did not disclose to me that I'd just been impatient and not given the thing a fair shake. I've shaken it. Thank you again to Paley for the experiment. Now that the hypothesis, "What would the Goldberg Variations sound like, played at 16" (an old record player joke), the question may be considered answered, and we can return to other insights into this astonishing piece of composition.
These two violin concertos are among the most recorded in the violin repertoire, with many excellent and outstanding renditions. What is the reason for a violinist to decide to add another recording to the catalogue, if it is not going to be at least comparable to the more or less successful interpretations? What exactly is being proven by undertaking the serious task of recording these two concertos, which, nowadays, if not dispatched with an abundance of technical and musical skills, do not impress. The Brahms concerto solo violin part in this particular rendition borders on the mediocre, with a lightweight tone, more than a few moments of obscure intonation and nothing particularly exciting or new to say. The smallish tone of this performer is more suitable to the Mendelssohn concerto, which, kind of, benefits from the lack of dramatic nuances in the tone production, and from a somewhat leaner vibrato. The Mendelssohn concerto on this disc fares a lot better as a concept and in terms of interpretation, reaching a more convincing level than the Brahms rendition. Still, with so many truly great other recordings of the the same works, it's hard to imagine how anyone can prefer this CD or recommend it...
If it weren't for the overture to Donna Diana (for which I am forever grateful to Sergeant Preston of the Yukon), many of us would probably never have heard of the Austrian-born composer and conductor Emil Nikolaus von Reznicek (1860-1945). Understandably, as most of his music went in and out of even the German repertoire rather quickly.The Symphony No. 1 is a case in point. Resnicek wrote it in the early twentieth century, Felix Weingartner first performed it in 1903, and then it quickly disappeared. It only reemerged in the 1980s, and American conductor Gordon Wright gave it its first modern performance in the early 1990s, nearly ninety years after its premi&egrave;re. I'm not sure it deserved its luckless fate, but it is, after all, hardly a work one can call memorable.There must be a degree of comfort for a conductor like Frank Beermann, being among the only people ever to perform the work (and one of the few people to record it), since it gives us nothing, really, with which to compare it. We'll have to take Beermann's word on how it's supposed to go. On the minus side, I found the symphony fairly conventional in style and structure, with only moments of inspiration.John J. PuccioClassical Candor
not the type of music I though it was going to be check it out before buying it
Note: This review begins with the same paragraph I'm using for a number of Philadelphia Orch. MP3 downloads.The Philadelphia Orch., now in hapless condition and bankruptcy after years of mismanagement, has lost its luster with the press, especially in the UK, where The Gramophone listed it as a has-been in its poll of the world's great orchestras (unbelievably, the critics who ranked the orchestras placed the Philadelphia below mediocrities like the Budapest Festival Orch.). Be that as it may, and despite the deterioration that occurred under Christoph Eschenbach, this remains a premiere ensemble, its basic personnel as strong as it ever was. The orchestra launched an extensive download series of MP3 recordings captured in concert, mostly under the routine Eschenbach, which has garnered almost no attention here at Amazon.It's hard to remember a time, forty years ago, when the Alpine Symphony was derided as empty and bloated, an exercise in orchestral excess without meaning. The score hasn't changed, but our attitude to it has. Now every virtuoso orchestra, and several at lower levels, enjoy strutting their stuff, and audiences show up for the feast. Here we have Dutoit - by no means a Straussian - leading an orchestra that used to be the ne plus ultra of showcase ensembles. To veteran listeners, Philadelphia still connotes glitz over substance, bu be that as it may. This download comes in strong, studio-quality sound, as have all the current downloads form this source.I've lost patience with Dutoit, who seems to be going through the motions in recent years, and here he plods through the extended crescendo that greets the dawn before the huge interjection of offstage horns. The lack of dramatic urgency is woeful, even though the playing is gorgeous on its own. As the reading unfolds, there are many sparkling moments. I'm sure hearing it in the hall was thrilling. But Dutoit doesn't offer an interpretation, simply a guided tour of the score's wonders. In the end, the best versions on disc are not seriously challenged. This CD is valuable largely as a demonstration that the Philadelphians are capable of sterling playing still.
One of only two available performances of this unique piece (Sym. No. 4, Mahler arrangement), but garbled download on Sym No. 3, fortunately, not of desired work.  But, I had to have it!
This is one of the best orchestral works for cello, but this recording can't begin to touch the one Jacqueline DuPre made back in (I think) the late 70s.  Also, the sound is a little bit squished, without much air around the instruments, not even the cello.  Still, at the price, it's a good buy, and if you aren't used to the DuPre version, it will probably thrill you.
This recording of music by J.S. Bach and Max Reger by the Chor der B&uuml;rgersaalkirche M&uuml;nchen on the Oehms lable is a fine recording. The choir has a nice sound. I especially like the duet for bass and soprano, Lobe den Herren, der k&uuml;nstlich und fein dich bereitet (no. 3). I also like Ich sehe dich in tausend Bildern for soprano & organ (no. 7). For some reason the information in the cd package about the soloists is in english, but the other information about the choir and the recording is in german. It would have helped to have a full english translation. I recommend this cd.
It appears that I can't get enough of the Verdi Requiem.  As is the case with a few other works, I'm a sucker for every new recording and have probably wasted a ton of money on less-than-perfect ones.  Unfortunately, this one falls into that category.  It's good enough, I suppose, but I don't really understand why anyone would get it when there are some far more brilliant ones out there (possibly including a couple that have become available only recently).Everyone in the recording is more or less competent, and the beauty of the work alone ensures that at least a few portions will be brilliant.  But those brilliant moments are too few and far between.  Rilling is new to me, and while he's OK in some parts there are others in which his tempi are all over the lot; there are also a couple of passages where he and the soloists (or, rather, just the tenor) are not in sync, which is sort of inexcusable on a studio recording - which I assume this is.  The soprano, Luba Orgonasova, is underrated and not known nearly well enough internationally, but while she's quite good in this recording, she's much better in a recording of the Requiem conducted by John Elliot Gardiner that is surprisingly good; in fact, there are some passages in this recording where her voice seems rough around the edges.  Alfred Kim, the tenor, is also serviceable for the most part, but he has that out-of-sync issue with Rilling.  Also, I have to confess that my standard for any tenor is his singing of the Ingemisco; to my mind, Jussi Bjorling on the old Reiner recording with a splendid Leontyne Price is the be-all and end-all for this piece, and Kim is just OK in comparison.  Other reviewers have already commented on the so-big-you-can-drive-a-truck-through-it vibrato of the bass, Carlo Colombara.So there you are.  It's good enough, but I dare you to get the old Reiner recording or any of several others and tell me it's worth getting this one as well.
I bought this recording for the Strauss Four Last Songs.  They are quite good, and I've been consistently impressed with Anja Harteros of late, including her wonderful work on the new Barenboim recording of the Verdi Requiem.  However, she's a too youthful and exuberant to infuse the songs with the bittersweet treatment they merit.  Not bad, but not quite ripe.  I have purchased her more recent recording with Welser-Most conducting and will report on that in due course.If the only pieces on this recording were the Last Songs, I'd give it four stars; however, the other pieces are a maximally schmaltzy recording of the Rosenkavalier Suite, which is more like a broadway overture, and the Till Eulenspiegel tone poem.  Both are conducted for a live audience, which seems to have liked both, but I guess you had to be there.  The conducting is uninspiring and the sound quality even less so.
As the booklet to this compact disc notes, Friedrich Witt would probably be quite forgotten today had not one of his symphonies been mistakenly attributed to Beethoven for a time. That work, the so-called Jena Symphony in C major, is included in this release along with another Symphony in A major and a Flute Concerto in G major. Both symphonies were written in the 1790s and are no great shakes, though the first movement of the Jena Symphony is somewhat interesting -- after a slow introduction, the music expands into a rolling allegro that actually seems to presage Schubert's music to a degree. The work then settles into a calm mediocrity and by the end we seem to be listening to the mild impersonation of a lesser Haydn symphony. That latter impression carries through to pretty much all of the A major Symphony. The first movement of the Flute Concerto, on the other hand, actually has a bit of muscle and is rather a joy to listen to. The middle Adagio cantabile is sweet, and the final Rondo, while not matching the first movement in heft or interest, is certainly serviceable. Still, overall, I must say that this disc to me doesn't have the critical listening mass required to be classed as a keeper.
Just downloaded this as an MP3 download, and the noise floor (background noise) is unacceptable. If you play this on an audio system of any quality, you'll have to deal with high-end "hiss" (reminiscent of the cassette tape days before Dolby). I'm listening to it right now, and I can't tell you how disappointing it is.IF (and that's a really big IF) you can get past the annoying background noise, the music is wonderful. Orchestration, composition, and engineering (with the notable exception of the background noise) is just excellent.The YouTube video of the Hallelujah Chorus (Oct 2010) in the Macy's store in Philadelphia has far superior audio quality to this album.
I have sung the Messiah many, many times, and I have multiple recordings of the work. I have done scholarly work on the piece. I like to think I am fairly familiar with the music and its interpretations.I received this recording as a gift. There is so much I wanted to like about this performance, but time and again I am baffled by the musical choices made by the conductor. Some pieces are compelling, but these are offset by a myriad of issues.I find the chorus too heavy handed. This has the effect of making lines seemed forced, ruining some of the finest moments in the piece. E.g. &#34;Surely, he hath borne our griefs.&#34; The beautiful suspending lines are fine when the volume of the chorus can be kept under control, but as things get faster and more hectic, the lines are obscured by overly zealous pronunciation and musical attacks. The basses of the chorus are often responsible for this issue, though it is present in every section at least once within the overall performance.The Soprano, Tenor, and Alto soloists are okay, on the whole. However, they sing the pieces in an almost romantic style, more befitting the 1860s than the 1750s. They seem out of place against the masterful baroque tones of the orchestra (though one of the natural horns has an issue in the Hallelujah chorus, but that is a risk of using the instrument). At times there appear to be glaring errors in the solos, typically with vowel pronunciation. E.g. &#34;Thou Shalt Break Them with a Rod of Iron.&#34; At times the tenor soloist sounds quite compelling, while at other times he sounds downright amateurish. Perhaps there was something wrong with his throat or tongue? Whatever was the issue, it is unfortunate, as the sharp and well rendered performance by the orchestra is somewhat marred by his singing. Almost all the soloists seem to suffer this sort of issue; they have pleasant voices, but their execution of the arias just sounds flawed.This is particularly egregious in the bass solos. For some reason the conductor decided that every bass solo had to be slowed down. I do not understand his reasoning, though it might be due to the bass soloist's apparent inability to handle the coloratura. This problem is perhaps most pronounced in the aria, &#34;Why Do the Nations So Furiously Rage together?&#34; I recommend listening to the sample on Amazon, it is quite hilarious. I do not know why the bassist was hired for this type of performance, truthfully. It seems utterly outside his sphere of expertise.If there were less performances of the Messiah available, I might have been more forgiving in this review. However, as this piece is one of the most recorded on the planet, I cannot endorse buying this CD. If you are interested in a very strange performance, or just want to a concrete example of what can happen if you use soloists that are not up to the task and a poorly directed chorus, then this CD is for you. It also has a natural horn rendition of the trumpet shall sound, which would make the performance more novel, IF the soloist was more capable.
There is no information about the date of the recordings for each piece. Also, there is no indication as to whether each piece was recorded in stereo or mono.
In the Nineties, following the deaths of Karajan and Bernstein, DG and Warner embarked on an arms-race: Jeggy v Harnoncourt. Who could be promoted from the ranks of the Period Practice rhetoricians into a mainstream conductor? Projects were lavished on them in a way - Bruckner, Brahms and their like - that would have been unthinkable previously (who can forget the Jeggification of Verdi's Requiem . . . .). DG eventually forfeited the challenge when Jeggy's limitations - not least his emotional aridity and lack of humour - became evident at the box-office. Harnoncourt had - and indeed has - more staying power. Distinction touches certain endeavours. Even so, does there not come a point where one has the right to say: basta! Enough of this Harnoncourt Muesli!Here we have a bowl of rolled oats, Schumann style. It contains the Third and Fourth Symphonies and the Piano Concerto in their entirety and excerpts from the First and Second Symphonies, the Violin Concerto, and Genoveva - the latter being a veritable Sargasso Sea of half-inspiration.With the exception of Martha Argerich's fiery, wanton Piano Concerto, nothing here strikes me as being definitive. Harnoncourt being Harnoncourt, in many an instance he brings unusual details to light even if, in doing so, he invites a certain metaphor regarding woods and trees.  I enjoyed his Rhenish - but I am not going to listen to this spruce account in preference to Tennstedt, Karajan or Levine (all with the Berlin Philharmonic of yore). Speaking of which, the Chamber Orchestra of Europe, as ever, bears resemblance to a high-revving mass-produced sportscar of no great distinction or torque.  The slow movement of the Violin Concerto - Schumann's Das Lied von der Erde in its near-unbearable longing - is well played but a trifle fast for my liking. Harnoncourt uses the first version of the Fourth Symphony (for what it is worth); one wonders whether a variant of clipped phrasing is in play as he sprints through the work like a dish-licker. This is Muesli Central in its lumpiness and lack of line - and the celebrated transition into the finale is prosaic.  The Spring Symphony is listenable even if there is no compulsion to track down the remaining three movements. Much the same could be said of the Second Symphony. On Amazon, lovers of opera quail at the mere mention of Genoveva. While the overture is certainly inspired, who has the wherewithal to fathom out the remainder? On the basis of the excerpts here, it receives a dedicated performance from all concerned. `Auf, auf in das Feld' is not without its attractions. Indeed, it is majestic. The other excerpts are note-spinners.Recording-wise, Genoveva fairs best in this clutch: indeed, it is a model of its kind. Martha Argerich blasts the chamber-orchestra to kingdom come so clearly there is an imbalance there. The other recordings are acceptable enough.Life is so short. Banquets abound. Muesli, anyone?
I thought that this album was played in too much of a classical violin (Not Fiddle) style. The tunes were played in a too slick manner.
I'm glad I have this collection of pieces for study and to play in my car. . . but the quality of the recording is surprisingly poor for only two instruments to record. The performances are very good and that adds to making the purchase worthwhile.
I came to understand Symphony 1 pretty much after all the rest. There are good recordings of it, but this is not one.Enjoy all the other Inkinen discs. Symphony 2 is also a bit weak, but 3-7 are OK. The non-symphony discs by Inkinen are his best.
The Autumn In Seattle ( the Ultra HD 32 - the Bit the Master) from technical side of recording is not the best quality. Sound is artificial, dry and hard. The same recordings sound in analog version directly phenomenally - vinyl. On edition Ultra-HD I've disappointed very and I to this system of registration of sound will not return probably. In my opinion the HDCD edition of this music maybe it would be better idea. Presented works from artistic side on this deserve firmly. The price of the item is too high. In my opinion the max price should be no more than 20$. The price is equal for HDCD edition.
Nothing to WOW about!  Good for daily listening but for reference quality and testing your gears, i do not recommend.
This is not his movie score standards but it is a very modern piece.  As a horn player, I thought this might be something like his movie scores but its actually a very technical suite.  This would proabaly be more fun to play than to listen to.
As I am far less familiar with this composer, I can't comment very intelligently as to the writing of the music, except to say that what I hear on this recording is intriguing.  These overtures are well constructed, conservatively written, and enjoyable.  There appears to be an effort on the composer's part to reflect the pathos of Shakespeare's plays in each little jewel.  I guess what that means is that I'm willing to investigate further based on what is collected on this recording.The Western Australia Symphony plays decently, but there is a lacking throughout the recording, having somewhat to do with the hall in which they are playing, but also having to do with tunefulness and a slight lack of togetherness in odd places.  Since this is the only recording thus far available for these overtures, it's hard to complain when you can at least hear what the music is essentially about.  However, if or when another ensemble chooses to record them, my recommendation will most likely change.
This is a decent recording of Dowland, but not a great one, I think.  Jose Miguel Moreno is a very fine lutenist but I don't think he quite catches the spirit of Dowland here.Moreno has chosen Dowland's famous "Semper Dowland, semper dolens" ("Forever Dowland, forever melancholy") as the title of this collection, but I don't think his playing is really appropriate to it.  There is a cheery air about much of it which, while enjoyable in itself, rather misses the point of quite a lot of the music.  Dowland did write quite a few livelier, more cheerful dances which can serve as a welcome leaven to a programme of his trademark melancholy pieces, but melancholy is at the heart of Dowland and it isn't really sufficiently in evidence here.  As a result this set lacks something important which would make it more than a pleasant listen.Glossa make their usual lovely job of the presentation, and the recorded sound is very good but the notes are, I'm afraid, just an absurdly overblown and pompous fictitious account of Dowland's thoughts as he sits in front of a fire contemplating his mortality.  Both Dowland and Moreno deserve better than this.I have a number of Moreno's recordings which I think are excellent (I would especially recommend his disc of de Vis&eacute;eDe Visee: Pieces de Theorbe) but I'm afraid I can only give this one a very qualified recommendation.  For Dowland, I will be sticking to my long-loved Lindberg set (now reissued at super-budget price by Brilliant ClassicsDowland :Complete Lute Music) and Nigel North's excellent recent recording for NaxosDowland: Complete Lute Music.
It's like listening to the 78 rpm records on a cheap mid-20th century player - in fact it takes me right back. As a result excellent string players sound tinny, there is relatively little separation in the orchestral layers and somehow at times the ensemble, both choral and orchestral, sounds ragged, even cacophonous. I doubt this performance was actually ragged; I think it is just an effect of the old, poorer recording. Instead of the ambiance sounding spacious as it should in a hall with good acoustics, the sound is muffled, closed in.I figure this must be a revival of the old 1950 studio recording.The overture starts right out at breakneck speed - how do they move their bows that fast?! The solo voices are to die for. The musicians' intonation is right on. The superb musical direction is obviously that of the legendary von Karajan. And Mozart - the genius of Mozart! For people who value historic performance, this will doubtless have value, most particularly for those who want to study or just enjoy the vocal performances of Erich Kunz, Irmgard Seefried and Elisabeth Schwartzkopf. It happens that those do not suffer much in the recording process. But if you enjoy and are used to the sonic results of today's superior recording techniques, you may find, overall, listening to this offering a bit trying... although I find the mind does get used to it remarkably quickly.
How does one write about a Gwyneth Jones recording of Strauss Lieder from the late 80s.  The best I can say is that the voice is healthy sounding in the recording, and she sounds like a conscientious artist to be sure.  However...and this is a big one...by this time she really could not sing anything lyrical consistently, and worse these songs put into light her erratic intonation (this is a kind way of writing that she can't hit or hold notes in tune for more than half of the recording), and therefore she cannot produce genuine legato.By coincidence I also purchased MP3 files of Jonas Kaufmann singing Strauss Lieder too, with a large selection overlapping Dame Gwyneth's own recording.  To say that it was like going from night to day is a vast understatement; in actuality is was like going from a sea of uncertainty to a mass of solid foundation.  As an example just compare "Der Nacht" from both artists--you'll see what I mean.But I am still a fan, after all I did buy this...
The Fibonacci Sequence, one of Britain's foremost chamber ensembles, here performs Schubert's sublime Octet in F.Written as a commission and modelled on Beethoven's Septet, Op. 20, Schubert's Octet takes the form of a large-scale divertimento - a piece to be listened to as recreation, not too demanding, not too serious. Composed in March 1824, and scored for clarinet, bassoon, horn, two violins, viola, cello, and double-bass, it is the largest in scale of Schubert's chamber works. Schubert's gift for melody and brilliant yet delicate decoration centres on the contribution of the solo violin.The Fibonacci Sequence was founded in 1994 by its artistic director, pianist Kathron Sturrock. The group is named after Leonardo of Pisa, the great mediaeval mathematician, commonly known as Fibonacci. The series of numbers named after him occurs throughout the natural world in the most extraordinary way, appearing magically, in petals of flowers, branches of trees, and many more complex way. The relation of the numbers to each other is directly connected to the Golden Section, held by many to determine the most harmonious proportions in art and music. Now well established as one of the foremost chamber ensembles in Britain, The Fibonacci Sequence is distinguished by the quality and high profile of its players and by the imagination and variety of its programming, making full use of the range and versatility of the chamber music repertoire. Its players are noted for the zest and enthusiasm they communicate to their audience.However, I do not find that the recording by this ensemble quite measures up to the best exponents of this lovely music. There is not quite the same sense of drive and forward momentum as on the very finest versions; there are some slips and smudges by the first violin on the same intricate figure at 4:47 and 8:13, and some impurities of tone in the horn, nor is the clarinet as rounded in tone as one would like. The opening does not quite capture the requisite sense of brooding tension and is rather obvious in its approach, lacking nuance of dynamics and phrasing. The Schubert Ensemble from Budapest, on the super-bargain Naxos label, creates a far more enticing and mysterious mood and the individual members of that ensemble are by and large more virtuosic and skilful, and more refulgent and secure of tone - as well as being far freer in expression. The Fibonacci are by comparison too foursquare in their phrasing; the horn around 2.55 lacks the lightness, legato and smooth elegance of its Budapest counterpart. The Adagio, too, lacks some poise - and the suspicion of bumpiness is accentuated by too close a recording; the instruments need a little more air around them to impart a warmth or glow. A certain thin, stringiness of tone, presumably a concession to modern HIP practice, does not serve this music well, and thus the music does not sing as it should.While this recording is perfectly serviceable, ultimately the Schubert Ensemble is considerably more than merely competent: those musicians seem to have been born with Schubert's music in their blood. Listening to their 1992 Naxos recording made in Hungary, one hears them sing, soar and shine with an enjoyment that borders on bliss; their evident affection for the music permeates every note and it's as if the musicians and their instruments had become one being in the act of making music - I do not get this sense from listening to the Fibonacci.Thus this Deux-Elles disc remains a fine second rank version but lacks the last degree of refinement and Viennese charm that the music requires.
The Philadelphia Orch., now in hapless condition and bankruptcy after years of mismanagement, has lost its luster with the press, especially in the UK, where The Gramophone listed it as a has-been in its poll of the world's great orchestras (unbelievably, the critics who ranked the orchestras placed the Philadelphia below mediocrities like the Budapest Festival Orch.). Be that as it may, and despite the deterioration that occurred under Christoph Eschenbach, this remains a premiere ensemble, its basic personnel as strong as it ever was. The orchestra launched an extensive download series of MP3 recordings captured in concert, mostly under the routine Eschenbach, which has garnered almost no attention here at Amazon.I thought it would be worthwhile to check in, starting with this Berlioz Romeo et Juliette, conducted by the veteran Dutoit, who stepped in to fill the music director's role when Eschenbach was rudely ejected by the musicians before his contract expired (a good decision for morale and musical quality but a disaster for public relations). On the positive side, the orchestra plays with finesse and the kind of polished ensemble one remembers from the past. A reading of the Damnation of Faust in Carnegie Hall under a vigorous Simon Rattle confirmed that no permanent damage has been done on that score. the recorded sound is also good, although a bit distant for maximum impact. No one would really find this concert reading inferior sonically to a studio recording absent a few scattered coughs.but even with all hands on deck, Dutoit's interpretation is ordinary. As usual with him in recent years, his penchant for glib music-making and a polished surface holds sway. He exhibits no excitement or even much interest in the score; dramatic urgency has been left out entirely. Of the vocal soloists, mezzo-soprano Ruxandra Donose, tenor Gregory Kunde, and David Wilson-Johnson are all up to scratch but seem infected with the conductor's workaday interpretation. Even so, I admired Wilson-Johnson's handling of the impossibly dull role of Friar Laurence, one of Berlioz's great let downs as an ending to a work that should have been his masterpiece and almost is.
although this is very good, 14 songs are missing:9. O thou that tellest good tidings to Zion (alto and chorus)29. Thy rebuke hath broken his heart (tenor or soprano)30. Behold and see if there be any sorrow (tenor or soprano)34. Unto which of the angels (tenor)35. Let all the angels of God worship Him (chorus)36. Thou art gone up on high (soprano)37. The Lord gave the word (chorus)38. How beautiful are the feet (soprano)39. Their sound is gone out (chorus)40. Why do the nations so furiously rage together (bass)41. Let us break their bonds asunder (chorus)42. He that dwelleth in heaven (tenor)43. Thou shalt break them with a rod of iron (tenor)
I had to go somewhere else and purchase it because I couldn't get the dumb thing to download onto my computer.  What a joke!!!  I have bought stuff from Amazon before, but obviously it will not happen again.  I could not get your cloud thing to work.I use Audible all the time and have no problems, but the Amazon was a pain!!!
This album is hauntingly beautiful. I really enjoyed the creativity and elegance in the performance. However, this is definitely not something for the novice classical music listener (present company included). I was a bit turned off by the ominous vocals present in the last movement. However, I believe that to be the point of the work, and it is brilliantly executed.Not really my cup of tea, but excellent for those avid classical music fans looking for something new to partake in.
There is some very good music in this mostly classical sampler. After listening to all of the pieces, I deleted several but kept 8 to add to my collection. The best piece is "Diferencias Sobre La Guaracha (Mexique S. XVII)" which I rated at 4 stars. Worth the download and the time to find your own favorites.
The guy is playing quartet arrangements of Bach himself:  with a mandolin, mandocello, bass guitar, and I forget what else.  The mandolin takes the lead.I'd like to say this guy plays with passion, but doggedness would be closer the mark:  he's playing all four parts himself.  He lays the lead down first (I supposed), and then overdubs the other 3.This results is a performance that seems a little lifeless and mechanical, it seems.
I've heard Sir John Barbirolli's BBC Legends recordings of Bruckner Symphonies 3,7, 8 and 9. This recording of the popular 7th features some thin-sounding strings and downright sour brass. Overall, this group of recordings does demonstrate I think, that Barbirolli had a good feel for Bruckner, shaping the phrases well, maintaining forward momentum, and avoiding the "stop/start" effect heard in the Bruckner recordings of Jochum, among others. If you want a sample of Barbirolli, I'd probably suggest his 9th.
Gieseking may have had a huge repertoire, but since he was best known for his Debussy and Ravel it comes as no surprise that the selections from these composers are the best tracks on this disc. And, drilling down further, it's Gieseking's "Suite Bergmasque" that's the  best of the bunch. His direct approach works perfectly, and if this performance doesn't quite match the one he recorded for Columbia it's perhaps because he had played it once too often by 1956, when these BBC takes were recorded. (By the way, does anyone know if the Gieseking recordings of Debussy that were issued in the 1970's on Columbia's "Odyssey" label have ever appeared on cd?)Unfortunately, some of the other bits and pieces have an unfinished feel to them, as Gieseking no doubt dashed them off in one take. While "Reflets dans l'eau" is quite lovely, "L'Isle joyous" is clipped in places where it should breathe, sounding brusque compared to Horowitz's exquisite readings. There are the first two movements of "Estampes," but no "Jardins Sous La Pluie," nor any mention in the notes as to why not. Gieseking is not nearly as sensitive here as Richter: "Pagodes," for example, just seems to fizzle out wheras Richter's drifts off in a mysterious haze; and while Gieseking's "La soiree dans Grenade" doesn't lack atmosphere, it's a little too matter-of-fact compared to the Russian pianist's sublime rendering. "La vallee des cloches" starts out too quickly, and while things settle down, Gieseking's brisk tempo at the close spoils the atmosphere he had just succeeded in creating. His reading of Ravel's "Sonatine," on the other hand, is perfectly paced, and warmer than Casadesus's precisely executed drill. Finally, the sonically sensitive should be aware that all of the Debussy/Ravel recordings are accompanied by a number of annoying low-level moans and grunts that interfere with the music.Gieseking's "Kreisleriana" is variable, with fast movements that are rushed and architecturally sloppy, and slow movements that can be surprisingly poetic. As evidenced in many instances in his later recordings, Gieseking could play the demanding sections up to tempo, but not without sacrificing shape and style; and if he had simply backed off he might have succeeded in pulling off a better performance.  The sonics are also problematic, with the recording sounding as if it had been made in 1933 rather than 1953. In summary, this is not one of the better releases from the BBC vaults.Three stars.
I absolutely love this interpretation of the concertos BUT the background coughing is such that I just cannot listen to it anymore.  Whilst the music transports me to a heavenly level I am abruptly brought back down to earth constantly with the coughing and other respiratory cleansing exercised.  Such a shame because the playing is sublime.  Yes, I realise that these are live productions but still .....
There is no question that the two-piano team of Ukrainian pianists Olha Chipak and Oleksiy Kushnir is very talented. But there is incredibly stiff competition for this combination of Brahms two-piano pieces. Their disc contains the Sonata in F Minor, Op. 34b, the two-piano version of the Variations on a Theme by Haydn, Op. 56b, and the less-familiar Variations on a Theme by Schumann, Op. 23. And indeed unless you specifically want these three pieces on the same disc -- the competitive discs do not include the Schumann Variations -- there is little reason to pick this issue.The big piece here, of course, is the Sonata. This work has an interesting history. It was first written as a string quintet in 1862 but that work is lost; Brahms (and some of his trusted friends like Joseph Joachim) had some reservations about it. Brahms then recast it as a piano quartet, Op. 34, in 1864. This was then followed by the form heard here, a two-piano work, also done in 1864. There is no question that the most familiar form of the work is the Piano Quartet. And, too, the more familiar form of the Haydn Variations is in orchestral guise.My primary complaint about Chipak's and Kushnir's performances is that they tend to use rather, to me, strange agogic accents, presumably for expressive purposes; the problem is that the accents call such attention to themselves.Now for the competition. There is a much lauded version by Emmanuel Ax and Yefim BronfmanBrahms: Music for Two Pianos, another by Martha Argerich and Alexandre RabinovitchBrahms: Haydn Variations; Waltzes; Sonata in F minor, and Volume 3 of the series containing all of Brahms's two-piano and piano four-hand music by the wonderful team of Silke-Thora Matthies and Christian KohnBrahms: Four Hand Piano Music, Vol. 3. You can't go wrong with any of these. And I prefer all of them to the present performances.Scott Morrison
If you are a big brass ensemble fan like me, you order almost anything that says "brass" on it.  This record includes old chestnuts, passably performed - nothing really exciting.  The arrangements are very traditional.
The performance of Shostakovich's most popular symphony on this release starts indifferently with sour-sounding brass in the first movement and never gets better.Even the finale doesn't produce much to earn the applause heard at the end of it. The Rachmaninov is much better; perhaps Svetlanov's own orchestra should have been recorded in the Shostakovich as well.
His playing in this CD is quite.. Unfocused. Slurred notes aren't equal, you'd expect that from a student - not from 1st class world player.I admit to fully listening the Berkely sonata but not the rest.. I just don't like his lazy approach towards modern music (for Renaissance as well).Dan masters at Baroque, but that's it and he should stay there.However I do like his sound & tone.
Better get the CD - save yourself time, and aggravation. The MP3 option is a nightmare, makes you download a bunch of unwanted "free" software - wasting your precious time.  A simple CD can be loaded to multiple location/computers.An hour later and 2 phone calls to tech support, I got my purchase loaded into one (only 1 computer) tried to download it again into my office  in computers in my suite, won't work.Get the CD!  Nathalie Stutzmann is so unique!
Parsifal has suddenly gotten lucky on disc with a new sACD version on PentaTone led by Marek Janowski and this one under the admirable Jaap van Zweden, who has bee steadily rising as a conductor since he left his position as concertmaster of the Royal Concertgebouw (he won his place at the astonishing age of 18). Almost two decades into his second career, he has genuine rapport with his musicians and is capable of excellent interpretations. Essaying the enormous span of Prasifal, he doesn't really rival the best on disc, but he's the best thing here.Like the Janowski, this is a concert reading; both are well played and captured in good sound. The veteran Janowski is more than competent without being inspired. Van Zweden seems involved, but for every stretch of intense music-making, there's another that feels ordinary.  Unlike Karajan and Clemens Krauss, who could maintain tension and dramatic interest for hours at a time, Janowski and van Zweden are just having a good night in the pit. One has only to compare the unveiling of the Grail in Act I and the Knights' march to hear how tepid van Zweden is - there's no sense of mystery or religious fervor on the part of the keepers of the Grail. In addition, his chorus is mundane-sounding, and the women's voices from on high aren't sublime.The two casts find Janowski clearly ahead, with a far better Gurnemanz, Klingsor, Amfortas, Titureal, and Kundry, all of international standing. Van Zweden's wobbly Amfortas and Titurel are in the company of a tired-sounding, rather mature Kundry and a Klingsor who doesn't remotely exude evil. But his Gurnemanz is solid enough to uphold his long role, if rather dutiful. Which brings us to Parsifal himself, a short but taxing part that requires the hero to deliver three different moods in each act: the innocent fool, the tempted pilgrim on a quest, and the bitter, disillusioned hero who rises at the end to divine illumination - much is asked, but few are chosen.On Janowski's set, we get a very good, strong dramatic tenor, Christian Elsner, whom some reviewers considered a major find. I thought he was an upgrade of the competent German singers who undertake Wagner throughout the country's opera houses. For van Zweden, the young Austrian Klaus Florian Vogt brings more buzz and excitement wit him from opera mavens but more than a touch of controversy, too. There's a heated debate over whether Vogt has revolutionized the sound of the Heldentenor or he's a light, lyric tenor unworthy to fill these great heroic roles. Bayreuth believes in him; he's one of their favored Lohengrins. The voice is startlingly juvenile in timbre but penetrating. Vogt has no trouble sounding like the "holder Knabe" of Act I, but the embittered questing hero of Act III isn't there - he sounds like a peach-faced adolescent. If you want to hear Ian Bostridge's reedy voice in Parsifal, Vogt comes as close as you'll ever find.Still, he's the drawing card here and has a devoted fan base. My overall impression is that van Zweden wasn't ready to handle the enormous emotional challenge of Parsifal although he's good at delivering a coherent performance. Janowski is the new version I'd choose if I wanted one of the two.
CDs and other recordable media have skewed our perceptions of what a great performance is.  Not everything is perfect.  But there are some really out of tune saxophones in this.  Beautiful pieces, great musicality, just a couple of errors that most people aren't used to hearing from a university recording.
Nothing outstanding 'bout this round up of bands.  I'd recommend it to anyone who needs or would like an anthology of martial music.  It's a bit uneven, but then again, there were many different bands.
I think you really have to be in the mood to hear this.  I bought this because it was referenced in a book I recently read called The Elegance of the Hedgehog.  I wanted to hear what the song sounded like since the woman described it as the most beautiful music.  I disagree.  I mean, it is nice to listen to but the entire  album is somewhat ....the same.  Maybe I do not know what I am talking about but for me, this is a no.  Thanks.
This download features perfectly serviceable performances of Tchaikovsky's best-known compositions. The sound is actually pretty good. The performances are highly competent - and even in tune - while offering no great interpretive insights.Recommended for filling up your iPhone/iPod with a lot of music at almost no cost for casual listening.
Good selection but an average quality recording. Not what you used to get when purchasing DDD audio CDs. I would also prefer a multi-volume set so that some of the pieces are not shortened.
The recordings are not on a par with Telarc, Chesky or the like but they are surprisingly good.  And, you certainly can't beat this collection for the price...it is a well-rounded compilation of Tchaikovsky works that *everyone* who appreciates Classical music should acquire.
This a solid but still secondary performance. The society does all what it can but still can not match greater orchestras, soloists and conductors. The soloists are probably the weakest part. A bit more rehearsing with the strings would have also helped. Fine otherwise.Barenboim (1972), Abbado (1999), Colin Davis (2008) are my current first options.
Strauss, of course.  Great.  But that album cover?  Are you kidding?  "I'm going to paint your uncle's portrait."  "Can you make it clear that he's had a stroke?" "Can do."
I bought this for $2.99, so expectations can't be too high. But I did find that most of the recordings on this collection were of very poor quality. This was particularly evident in the percussion instruments, which often sound only marginally better than static. If you are seeking an overview of Strauss music that will familiarize you with some of the most prominent pieces, this will do. But the quality on certain tracks can be low enough to mitigate significant enjoyment.
Many seldom heard Strauss works, beautiful music. Recording quality is certainly not the best. On balance, it is difficult to not enjoy the price or the Strauss.
This download is definitely worth the low, low price being asked. There's a lot of music here for less than the price of a hamburger at McDs.The performances are all competent if unexceptional. This isn't the Vienna Philharmonic, after all. The performances are all straight, ie: they don't try to exude the feeling of give and take one hears in the very best Strauss performances.But for the price, well worth it.
The Nielsen 4th is played with abandon, drama and I think, excellent choices of tempo. The orchestra isn't up to the task however, with some serious fluffs in the brasses and general lack of precision in the attacks, as if the players can't keep up with the director at times. In the Sibelius, the demands on the orchestra and its breakdowns are less obvious. The symphony is played slower than some recordings of it I've heard, and Sir John, I think, really tries with some success to delve deeper into the score. For me, the Sibelius is a 4 and the Nielsen a 2. Although I can acknowledge great respect for Barbirolli's conception of the Nielsen, he needed a better orchestra on a better night.
The music on this CD is great. The recording quality is not very good. All the tracks are very compressed and the life of the music is taken away. It would be nice if you could get it on SACD or vinyl.
I bought this after enjoyed Invincible quite a bit, but I found this work to not be as good.  It's not that it's musically bad necessarily, just that it wasn't as... I don't know... EPIC as Invincible had been.I still listen to it every now and then, but it's not in my regular rotation.
I tend to agree with Mathew Martin's two star review. At first I thought he was being a little too harsh hence my 3 out of 5 stars but he is absolutely correct.The music on this cd is dramatic but in a light way, lacking much impact which made their previous albums much sharper and Epic. Most of the music does not hit any deeper cores like Invincible did. It doesn't make it bad, but it is certainly not quality Epic Music as we are accustomed to in the genre. Much of this music would be right at home on a average movie soundtrack i.e. a little sleepy and quite a bit less grand/Epic than their previous efforts.I found the following three songs to be more Epic in quality for the genre we know and love: Everlasting, Archangel and Mercy In Darkness.Two Steps From Hell has previewed their new album on youtube called Two Steps From Heaven. After listening to all the samples on it I can safely say it isn't for me. However if you really dug Archangel then you will most likely dig Heaven so go check it out.For heavier, less "Whimsyshire/Generic Soundtrack Music" albums I recommend:Danny Cocke - From The Blue (Arguably my favorite)Two Steps From Hell - InvinciblePosition Music - Trailer Music Vol. 1The Best of Brand X Music (They need to make more volumes!)Audiomachine Chronicles (Make new volumes, arghh!)Also Cliff Lin - This Is War, as that album is more melodic while his other two are wholly rock/metal instrumental based. Awesome stuff.
In looking at this, after I ordered it - it seems to missing act 3, but I wouldn't complain otherwise.
Avviso! The selections do not really represent &#34;nel Mediterraneo Orientale&#34; (in the eastern Mediterranean.) Could not find anything in Greek nor Arabic. The selections are mainly in Italian and for the most part are well done. Did not care for the treatment of a couple of the selections--too much effort to modernize the traditional.  Caveat emptor!
I have nearly all of David Lanz' CDs. My favorite is &#34;Christophori's Dream&#34;. Have been a fan for years. But I'm not crazy about this CD. This is supposed to be piano versions of Beatles' songs. I felt like this recording was missing the passion his others have,
Maybe I'm crazy, but I'm pretty sure that the "Symphony No. 3" is not actually Schumann's 3rd symphony.  It sounds like something Schumann wrote, and it is beautifully played, but I'm looking at the music to that symphony and the music on the cd is not what I am looking at.  Though like I said, it is a great recording! (whatever it is)
This compilation isn't bad, but I feel like it could have been better comprised. It's not the worst, but it isn't the best. Some of the pieces selected are just boring or distracting while one is reading because of it's tone or tune. That could just be me....but either way it's just &#34;okay&#34; in my book.
I have been greatly enjoying the "must have" or "100 Best" collections available from Amazon. I put a Kindle for PC app on my computer so I could read books on a 24" monitor, so the mp3's go into Windows Media Player (naturally enough). This works out great most of the time... but, as you may read in other reviews of this collection, there are selections in this download that when placed next to each other cause you to "stop reading" and thus defeat the purpose. So, while there are great pieces scattered throughout the collection, and thus I encourage purchase... I wouldn't use it to tune-out the distraction of life in order to read something technical or complicated with this.
Classical Music for the Reader: Great Masterpieces for the Dedicated Readeris OK, and if it helps expose more people to classical music then that is a good thing.  But you can get many better collections here on Amazon for a better value.  It left me disappointed.In general, classical music is a great accompaniment for reading.  I use it to soften the mood at home and at work, where I read and write for most of my day.  What one ideally wants to avoid are surprising loud crescendos and fast energetic works that can sometimes distract you from what you are reading or working on.  Unfortunately, too many tracks chosen for this collection fit that category.Some of the most recognizable pieces from classical music are compiled here.  Schubert's Ave Maria is presented here nicely.  Brahms' Waltz #15 (Opus 39) will sound familiar even to those who don't listen to classical music.  And of course you have the oft-overworked pieces from Debussy's "Clair De Lune" and Pachebel's "Canon In D."  Handel's "Largo" and "Serenade" are both also very recognizable and pleasing to the ear.  But so many tracks fit into those categories that this devolves into a "greatest hit" collection instead of a carefully crafted compilation.They did make some nice surprising choices here.  The prelude from Wagner's Lohengrin is perfect for such a collection.  Massenet's "Thais Meditation" blends in nicely, as does Debussy's "Nuages."  And Albioni's Adagio in G Minor is another choice I enjoyed, where the dramatic moments are nuanced instead of jarring.By the time you get to Strauss Jr.'s "Wine, Women & Song" with cymbals crashing, it becomes clear that this compilation was not made with reading in mind.  That fact is punctuated by the Adagio from Dvorak's 9th Symphony.  Lizst's Liebestraume #3 is perhaps a little more energetic than I would ideally like in such a compilation.  And "L'Arlesienne Intermezzo from Suite Number 2" by Bizet is at times lovely and at other times ominous to my ear.  But Schubert's "Trout" quintet's frenetic piano solos make it distracting despite starting out soft and soothing.  Even much loved works, like the "Spring" movement from Vivaldi's Four Seasons and the "Morning" movement from Peer Gynt, are full of too many dramatic moments to make them ideal for such a collection.CONCLUSIONIf you want an affordable collection of classical music, this is an acceptable choice.  But you will get a much better value with an alternative like theRise of the Masters: 100 Supreme Classical Masterpieces. Even picking one of the composer specific collections, such as theBach - 100 Supreme Classical Masterpieces: Rise of the Mastersor theBrahms - 100 Supreme Classical Masterpieces: Rise of the Mastersis probably acceptable.  In my opinion, this compilation has too many dramatic and distracting moments to be ideal for reading.  If you don't mind reading to the boisterous symphonic movements included here, you certainly won't mind anything in any of those collections.  And they provide much more musical value.  This is still worth getting, but I highly recommend you don't get it for the purpose of reading.Enjoy.
I bought the MP3 file album.  As I have not heard the CD version I cannot comment on that version which should have more sound information(it is said that MP3 files have a fraction of the information of a CD).  I enjoyed Like A Flame numbers 18 through 21 best, the music being quite stirring for me.  Most of the rest of the album was alright but did not command my attention as the last 4 selections did.
My first Reaction on hearing this recording was that it was "odd". Although  Chen's technique is flawless and the orchestral accompaniment is good, the performances seem not the have the  flow and flourish one might expect in these warhorses of the repitoire. The Rachmaninov suffers most,with disconnected phrasing and balance. I did not feel that this was a deliberate attempt at new interpretation. For me it is disappointing even with repeated listening. It adds nothing to the body of other recordings of these works.
Pianist Sa Chen takes much the same approach to the Grieg Concerto that she does in the Rachmaninov, bringing out the music's more lilting, more charming qualities at the expense of some of the music's brawnier aspects. It's rather gentle and genteel playing for the subject matter.John J. PuccioClassical Candor
Here's a good test for the state of health of a great orchestra, and I must say that they sound magnificent, with excellent sonics and virtuosic execution all around. And the conducting? Despite its financial woes and the controversial departure of Christoph Eschenbach, I wonder if the players like their young chief, Yannick Nezet-Seguin, any better. The board passed over the veteran Charles Dutoit, who had deep ties with the orchestra, in favor of an untried conductor. I was surprised but optimistic about the appointment. Now I doubt that N-S will rise to the position. He's energetic enough, but as a Mahler fifth, this interpretation lays there with nothing much happening. Tempos are often slack. the pacing seems to be aimless, and I can't detect any real interpretation for much of hte time - each bar simply follows another.No need to elaborate. The Philadelphia Orch. has a vigorous download program going, and anyone who loves American orchestras must wish them well. What a shame that the musicians keep up such world-lass standards without an inspired conductor to match.
Neither this nor any other Billy Vaughn Christmas collection includes the entire "Christmas Carols" LP recorded for Dot in the late 50s DLP 25148.  Therefore  'White Christmas' is missing.Billy's instrumental recording of White Christmas is a classic.  The original LP did not include'Auld Lang Syne'  which is a tip that these recordings are of a later vintage recorded for theJapanese Victor label after Billy left Dot.  If you want the entire original collection, you'll have to buy the Bear Family 6  CD box set.It is time that the owners of the original master tapes release the 'authorized' edition of this classic Dot LP.
While I like my euphonium music, this reminds me a bit of those single-instrument session CD's where you'll have a solo trumpet or a solo piano playing about 15 popular songs. After a few, it just gets a little old and boring.
If there is any hesitation in my appreciation for these pieces, it is that there are stretches where the music begins to sound rather dirgelike and the same, occasionally lacking in ultimate spirit or invention. Then, just when you think perhaps you're in for seventy minutes of pleasant tedium, along comes something like Chorale No. 5 or March March, which verge on humorous parody and are kind of fun after the solemnity of the first numbers.John J. PuccioClassical Candor
Brahms's doleful choral works with orchestra evoke ambivalent responses, since at least two, the alto Rhapsody and Deutches Requiem, represent his genius in full flower. The rhapsody represented on disc by performances that far surpass this new budget release on Naxos. Although piecemeal, wit's conducting is assured enough, and caught in good sound, but his contralto soloist, Eva Wolak, is loud and unsubtle, failing to communicate the tenderness or inward sympathy of the narrator. If you like coarse, chesty singing, she certainly is no wallflower. The beautiful transition that ushers in the male chorus comes to nothing here, and the Polish choral force is ordinary. Classic recordings by Ferrier, Ludwig, and Baker rank many notches higher on all counts except recorded sound. .Schicksalslied (Song of Destiny) Op. 54 has an ops number directly following the Alto Rhapsody, and it hangs on at the edges of the standard repertory, with greater popularity in Germany. I agree with the lead reviewer that Brahms's choral works require close, repeated attention. Few are immediately winning, and the fact that Schicksalslied lacks a soloist or any great melodic appeal, added to its inward melancholy, works against it. But here Brahms has rendered in a Romantic idiom the solemn reverence of the old masters, especially Scheutz and Bach, that he studied so closely. Wit and his Warsaw forces deliver a clean, flowing, respectful reading that doesn't  really rival first-rate recordings like the nuanced one under Abbado with the Berliners (DG). More recently, John Eliot Gardiner got spectacular singing from his Monteverdi Choir that leaves all competitors in the dust.Gardiner opens with a strikingly dramatic funeral march for chorus, winds, and timpani -- Begrabnigesang, Op. 13 -- that was the first effort of a brilliant 25-year-old to set chorus and orchestra together. I had never heard of it, much less listened to it, but Brahms has discovered the same stern, uplifting Protestant tone that would characterize the German Requiem. Wit's account is slower, more solemn, and a bit ordinary by comparison; it misses the underlying drama of death that haunted Brahms. The Ave Maria Op. 12 that came before Begrabnisgesang isn't a breakthrough work but a pleasant-sounding hymn for women's chorus that shows the young composer's talent nonetheless.Wit's generous program of six choral works proceeds chronologically and ends with two pieces I've never encountered in the concert hall, Nanie Op. 82 and Gesang der Parzen Op. 89, both so fully mature that they bear close listening, and reward it. Nanie is a lementation for the dead, specifically a friend of Brahms's, and even though I wouldn't choose to sit and listen to an hour's worth of Brahms in sorrow, his intertwining voices and intense emotion here really do make one think of Scheutz and Bach.  Wit's fully committed reading is one of the best things, and perhaps the very best, on the disc. Gardiner is again a direct rival, with better playing, singing, and sound. But all of his recent Brahms choral work, excepting the Requiem, come as fillers to his unlistenable (to me) HIP-style Brahms symphonies. One gets smoother, more assured performance style (non-HIP) in a choral collection on Decca with Blomstedt and the San Francisco Sym., but the chorus is  distant and a little woolly.Gesang der Parzen (Song of the Fates), based like the alto Rhapsody on Goethe, is derived from the poet's neoclassical drama, Iphigenia on Tauris. It is forceful and far more dramatized than the preceding pieces, especially in wit's  sharply contoured reading, which bests Blomstedt's. His chorus, smaller and more intimate-sounding, is also better. Gardiner comes out first again, however, with even more drama and force. His Monteverdi Choir has risen to an all but unsurpassed level of ensemble, flexibility, and intonation.  The fastest account is a striking one under Sinopoli with the Czech Phil., now decades old; it always suffered from thin, edgy sound.On balance, Wit's collection has to be considered a good addition to the discography of Brahms choral works, and leaving aside Blomstedt, almost every rival since Sinopoli's erratic survey for DG consists of fillers for symphonies.  Wit's two strongest readings are the Nanie and Gesang der Parzen, while there's not much to admire about the Alto Rhapsody and Schicksalslied unless you completely ignore past great recordings. My rating is an average, therefore.
I can't do a review on this because I never received it.  Since this review came, maybe I placed it somewhere else on my Kindle besides the music.  At any rate,m I never saw it or heard it and, therefore, can't rate it.
Adams is not my favorite composer so maybe I am not the person to write this review. Excellent sound quality.
It was OKWanted a bit more of a mix.I did like most of it and still listen to it at times.
That's the first thing to keep in mind. This is, in no way, the sultry, sexy Enigma. It is a good deal for the price, and there are some gems. Some sound like bad '80's synth pop, there's odd Spanish guitar that doesn't fit, and then, on the occasional chant the DJ  gets it right. If anything, it's good background music for reading a book, when you don't want to focus on lyrics. For 0.99, I don't regret the purchase.
Imagine a fan of Enigma who owns an old Casio keyboard, a bunch of Gregorian albums.....and a 3 day weekend with no plans.  To kill time he decides to make his own Enigma inspired songs, but since he has no real talent he blends pre-programmed tunes from the keyboard with his Gregorian albums.  What you'll end up with is this album.  I'm happy I purchased it.  I like to listen to it while reading because the music never pulls me way from what I'm reading.  So as twisted as my review may be, I would actually recommend it if you like Gregorian chants but looking for something a little different.  Just keep your expectations low and you might discover a few "hits"....relatively speaking.
Not quite what I expected, it's ok, but not as good as regular gregorian chant. I use music like this to relax.
I'm sure this is great for Gregorian chants.  I liked the first couple of tracks.  then I had all I could take of gregorian chants.  50 of them is probably more than anybody really needs.
I was expercting something a little more &#34;hip&#34; I guess.  I've heard so many good club-mix type songs with chants that I was really excited to listen to this.  These are kinda repetitive and boring. Definitely didn't make me wanna dance like others.
Must-have...maybe. Interesting to have...definitely. It has its uses. Like a good way to keep visits short when company arrives. Best served with chamomile tea.
It's certainly different, and a good listen for a few songs, but gets old pretty quick. It was cheap so was worth the try.
Courtesy of Hanssler Classics, Thomas Fey continues to record the symphonies of Franz Josef Haydn (1732-1809) in what appears to be leading to an integral set of the 104 numbered symphonies. This collection reflects the composer just before his late London period with the Symphony No. 92 in G, sometimes called the Oxford symphony, being Haydn's final masterpiece in symphonic form before embarking on the 12 symphonies he wrote for English impressario Solomon during his trips to Britain's largest city.In Haydn, Fey is a modernist that uses the trappings of period performance to add spark and zest to his renderings that can overshadow Haydn's subtlety and good feeling. It appears here Fey has tried to balance these competing interests compared to earlier installments in his series. His orchestra sometimes makes startingly ugly sounds, especially the strings, that don't help his case. Here, the playing is better than the worst I've heard and Fey has kept his sometimes wayward ideas about performance -- that often mimic those of his mentor Nikolaus Harnoncourt -- to himself.In these symphonies he sticks pretty much to conventional pacing without the exaggerated starts and stops that marred his performance of Haydn's "Fire"Symphon 59. Coming in at around 29 minutes, Fey is uncharacteristically a bit broad-minded in No. 92 compared to newer recordings or those from old masters likeSzell, whose unexpectedly graceful Haydn has been adored by fans and critics for nearly four decades. If you compare the silky Cleveland strings to Fey's, the differences will become clear immediately. Otherwise, there is nothing unusual about Fey's performance; the sound has clarity to expose the woodwinds and is a little dry, like most of them from this source.Fey conducts another unfettered performance of the Symphony 90 in C, a masterpiece that wasn't much recorded until David Blum and Antal Dorati helped everyone discover it in the 1960s and 1970s. The grand symphony with timpani and horns blazing epitomizes one of Haydn's many comical gestures -- a four  measure stop in the finale leading the audience to believe it's over -- before it quietly proceeds again. Fey uses Haydn's devices well and captures some of Haydn's style and humor.However, the recorded competition in these symphonies is fierce and, regrettably, Fey and his sometimes foul-sounding orchestra do not merit top marks.Blum's Symphony 90can be downloaded for about $4 or you can buy the collection it comes from for twice that and get 13 Haydn symphonies, some in the best performances available. Blum, who died 1998, was the first Haydn modernist of the stereo era. More than any conductor since, he captured and exposed the balance, humor and hidden voices in the composer's work in his recordings.A recording of Symphony 92 fromJaap van Zwedenand a Dutch orchestra better captures Haydn's high spirits than Fey. That recording has the added benefit of super audio sound and it includes three symphonies (92, 94 and 97) compared to two on Fey's disk. While Fey seems to be improving in some respects and getting over his tendency to inappropriately individualize Haydn's music, he is outclassed by the available competition here in terms of price, performance and sound.
Not the most stellar of performances, but an awful lot of music for two bucks.  All complete concertos, not snippets.
We've really needed a recording of Liszt's symphonic poems with period instruments and historically-informed playing: these are important and worthwhile works, strongly influential (Wagner, Richard Strauss...).Unfortunately, Haselboeck's attempt here is half-baked.  Many wind instruments post-date this music or even Liszt's lifetime; the majority are Viennese and some are French, both of which sound quite different from the German instruments Liszt wrote for.Then Haselboeck ignores most all the tempo change marks in the scores (and this when Liszt's performance style assumes _adding_ even more tempo change than the score indicates!), then takes many tempi too slow. The results are frequently ponderous.For example, Hunnenschlacht calls for an acceleration over eight measures early in the piece. Haselboeck doesn't get around to it until the final two measures of the passage, the result being two measures of panic followed by a new faster tempo that seems to appear for no reason. Then all subsequent accelerations that Liszt specifies are ignored! After the climactic Eb major fanfare, the organ is to enter at a slower tempo, then the orchestra should return to a somewhat faster tempo for the two subsequent fanfares. Instead, Haselboeck takes all of this at one, slower tempo. The quiet section that follows concludes with a long slowing of tempo, carefully spelled out in the composer's footnote (saying it should sound like a "crescendo of tempo.") Except for a slowing by the solo flute over just the final half-note-beat, absolutely nothing happens to the tempo here.  And so forth...Haselboeck notes that the use of vibrato has been restricted, in respect of period style. However, vibrato is still heard in ways that are intrusive, e.g. the entire flute solo in Hunnenschlacht (19th-century German flute playing used virabto only as an ornament for long notes, ordinarily no more often than once per phrase; this flutist however uses constant vibrato).Overall, this series of recordings shows a refreshing step in the right direction, but only a step.
St Augustine asserts that the world is greater for being an alloy of the perfect and imperfect alike rather than the former alone. That's good. In the scheme of things, there's a place for the Tasmanian Symphony Orchestra  alongside more venerable institutions.I intrinsically want to trumpet this triptych from the Apple Isle where the Hesperides are never out of frame. Even so, it is clear that the contagion of Hogweedism has spread as far as this southern outpost to deleterious effect. Neither the orchestra response (sad to say) nor the recording is redemptive. Accordingly, this is a production of time, not eternity. Whether it will serve its day or not is open to question.Sebastian Lang-Lessing is a stranger to me; manifestly, he's an aspirant in the Period Practice Taliban. The performance of the Great E Flat Symphony, K 543, is marred with clipped phrasing, sparse vibrato and explosive accents. The usual treatment is meted out the slow introduction: goodbye Sirius. The minuets in all three symphonies are transmuted into scherzos whereas the slow movements are predictably prosaic. It's all so ho-hum. I enjoyed the outer movements of the G Minor and the Jupiter more - for whatever reason, the Hogweedism is semi-muted. The orchestra response is lively and committed. In short, they're listenable. No revelation however is forthcoming.Gresham's Law in reverse (great recordings drive their lessers into oblivion) is pitiless in its exactions. Purchase this while you can.
too many overlaps of music i already ownned.  i should have checked my music library before purchasing this one. but it's an overall okay piece.
It's a great deal and all the classic songs I was looking for. In reality, I only listen to a handful though. My one big complaint is that some of the songs are much quieter than others, so I end up cranking up the volume on some songs, and then getting blasted when the next song starts.
Great value for the money.  Competently performed, recorded, and produced.  A couple tracks sounded uninspired, but the rest was enjoyable.  I will be purchasing more from this series.
Recordings by various artists in particular the vocal recordings are not very impressive. To listen this recording as an &#34;introduction&#34; to the &#34;best&#34; of Beethoven is ok - then if you like a certain work look for a better orchestra and performance.
So, I am no musicologist, just a consumer, though I have a collection of classical music of over 1500 entries (CD, MP3, even LP). My listening experience is mostly with headphones while I am at my desk job performing data analysis. For me, Raff's music is satisfying, pleasant, never intrusive. Some may find it bland, and frankly, I can't argue against that sense. On the other hand, it seems always inventive and varied. Raff does not break any new ground, but he grasped the flavor of the Romantic era and was a solid, dependable composer. Lest that seem to damn with faint praise, it is just that there were such luminaries of that period of the middle to later 19th century, how could one hope to compete. Anyway, if you are looking for thrills, don't expect it from these pleasant, meditative, thoughtful piano pieces. But if you are looking for music to read by, to work by, or to simply use to set the mind at ease after a long day at work, these are for you. I am planning to get volume 2 of Raff's piano music, so that should tell you something. Tra Nguyen's playing is accurate and insightful, she brings each piece to life with great care and clearly loves the music she is playing. That amplifies the quality of Raff's composition. Thank you Tra!
The collection is okay, nothing extraordinary.  However,  the price was great for number of songs.  I am happy with it.
This reminds me of Zoe Keating's cello music, but less complex and much higher pitched. I prefer my music bassy and complicated, so I'll stick with Zoe. But people who like a higher, simpler version of the looping electronic genre of classical instrument soloists will enjoy this very much.Checking this out convinced me that I needed to just buy Zoe's album Into The Trees because it is so damn good.
I wanted to add a new modern digital Beethoven symphony set to my existing Beethoven symphony collection; (early digitals plus analog).  While tonally accurate, well played, cleanly recorded, this interpretation just seems to sound more appropriate for Schubert.  I want a 7th with some degree of voltage and drive.I"ll pass for now on this 7th, at least until I can hear the album in full.  No revelations here indeed as one reviewer posted.Too bad, because the SFran Sym, even with players coming and going over the years, can be the equal of just about any orchestra.
First of all, let me mention the soundtrack since that's what it is I'm supposed to be reviewing here.  It's nothing particularly great and definitely nothing you haven't heard in several other movies.  Nothing stood out to me while watching the movie last night, that's for sure.Adopting Terror is another in a long line of mediocre films from a storytelling point of view.  However the one major twist 30 minutes before its conclusion enables me to raise the rating exactly 1 star.  I definitely did not see THAT coming!However for the most part, you can guess what's going to happen.  The REAL father is going to make a surprise return just as soon as he finds out who the adopted parents are.  What's especially disappointing is that the previews show the father basically acting psychotic but... he doesn't really act that way very often throughout the film.  Oh sure, he acts serious and definitely acts like he's going to overpower anyone who stands in the way of him and his baby daughter, but it's not enough to appear realistic.  The ads GREATLY exaggerate how much of a serious threat he is.  Only the part when everyone happens to be at the hospital at the same time and the real father plays head games by retrieving the baby only to suddenly hand it back much to the surprise of the adopted parents makes any kind of impression.  The previews will have you believing that the father is willing to do whatever it takes to get his daughter back even if it means breaking into the home in the middle of the night but... any attempts at THIS kind of aggressiveness happen very rarely.What's unintentionally hilarious is how overwhelmingly clueless the adopted father is towards the situation with the real father whenever he threatens to take the baby back (though, on another note, it could be argued that he almost never made any threats- only constant claims that the baby is his and that "the baby isn't home yet").  Anyway the father of the adopted baby doesn't even know how to conduct himself whenever someone makes a threat against him or his family, so he basically walks around going "duh!" whenever he finds himself in a situation where he SHOULD most certainly be defending himself!Overall, not a bad movie, a nice shock 30 minutes before the film concludes that took me by surprise, and average writing severely hurts any potential this film could have had.  The ads make it out to be an unforgettable suspense, and that's just laughably inaccurate to me.
This is yet another refreshing Zander performance with the wonderful community orchestra The Boston Philharmonic.  Alas, in the interest of teaching, he went overboard breaking the recording into too many tracks.  On an ordinary MP3 player, this yields many distracting pauses.  The pauses make the album excellent for close study of the score, but difficult to tolerate when listening to the symphony as a whole.  Someone might note that certain MP3 players have an option to not pause between tracks, but then you lose the breaks between movements.  Perhaps Zander will make available another edition of this performance with just one track for each movement, which would be delightful.  Please, Ben?
This album is outstanding for the price.  Yes, some cuts are a little muted but overall, well worth the price..
CDs are not live music. CDs have to compete for our attention in ways that concerts never do. They not only have to draw us away from the myriad attention-demanding devices that proliferate our lives but also have to hold that attention, even if peripherally, for an hour. What may work brilliantly in a performance setting may be challenging as a recording, and I fear that is the case with this CD. Here we have an award-winning, highly-lauded  ensemble performing wonderful music at an extremely high level on a debut CD that unfortunately falls flat. I have the strong sense that if I were to hear this music live I would be riveted, but at the end of the day Group Theory fails to hold my attention.The group counter)induction was formed in 1998 and has seen its profile steadily increase over its lifespan. Three composers are listed in its ranks, alongside piano, violin, viola, cello, and clarinet, and that seems no small point. Performers often benefit greatly in working closely with composers, and the adeptness with which c)i tackles the music of both the resident and outside composers seems to be a result of this relationship. Moreover, composers often know what other composers are doing much better than performers, and this seems to have influenced their programming decisions over the years.The music on Group Theory does not shy away from a modernist aesthetic, but there remains quite a bit of diversity within the recording. One of the strongest pieces, Salvatore Sciarrino`s Centauro Marino (1984) eschews motives and, as the composer writes in the liner notes, "development, even connection, is shunned." Short, angular gestures and atmospheric effects come together convincingly and the performers seem to be in absolute command of the piece. On the other hand, Erich Stem`s Fleeting Thoughts (2010) doesn't contain nearly so many sharp dissonances and provides a strong sense of rhythmic and motivic clarity. It is perhaps more immediately accessible than Centauro, but both work quite well.In the end, though, it is this diversity that seems to be the CD's undoing. The liner notes speak of counter)induction's "flexibility and variety" being a "hallmark of the ensemble's aesthetic direction," and while this may very well benefit them as a whole, it does not benefit this CD. A good recording, like a good live program, should have a sense of direction and purpose that is self-evident. Unfortunately, Group Theory seems to be more focussed on providing a snapshot of this ensemble than being a cohesive recording. It was often the case that individual pieces were compelling, but I wasn't necessarily compelled to listen to the next track.In parting, let me highlight two of the best elements of Group Theory. The first would have to be the last track, Eric Moe`s Dead Cat Bounce (2009). Written at the time of the economic meltdown of 2008, the piece borrows a term for a stock that has a short uptick in price during a long, severe decline. The piece is immediately engaging with a strong rhythmic drive and constantly teeters between a sense of pure tragedy/horror and gallows humor. (I keep debating which.) Moe transitions deftly between rather different sections of this 12-minute piece and seems to strike a magnificent balance between the lyrical and the motoric elements therein.The second highlight is clarinetist Benjamin Fingland. His playing was exceptional throughout, and he consistently presented the most cogent interpretations of the recording. I have the feeling that, like the exceptional pianist David Tudor, he could "play the raisins in a slice of fruitcake," and do so convincingly.There are many wonderful aspects to this CD, and while I do not feel that it works well as a whole, I am also hesitant to disuade anyone from giving it a listen. I would highly encourage readers to listen to those samples that are available online and also to listen to the music provided on counter)induction's YouTube page. This is a fine ensemble, and I think many will enjoy this recording.-R. Andrew Lee is an avid performer of minimalist and postminimalist piano music and records for Irritable Hedgehog Music. Follow him on twitter: @andyleedma.Originally Published on ICareIfYouListen.com
Swiss composer and performer Martin Schlumpf (b. 1947) is little known in this country. In fairness, however, the words "Swiss composer" themselves are little known in this country, and as professor of music at the Zurich University of the Arts and a longtime jazz instrumentalist and composer, Mr Schlumpf is prominent enough at home. This disc, released by Navona Records (an independent American label feeding off the Naxos art-music machine) in May, is his first American release; another disc of concertante works is in the works. What it reveals is a composer surprisingly "American" in sensibility.The Clarinet Trio, not the string quartet from which its title is derived, is the centerpiece of this album, by the composer's own admission. This trio owes much to Elliott Carter's String Quartet No. 1, almost to the point of seeming like a minimalist discourse with it; while the striking "frame" of Carter's seminal work has no parallel, a large part of both works consists of even strings of notes moving at different tempi, often in counterpoint with one another. This polyrhythmic background is set up in an opening that seems to fade in from silence, a rocking two-against-three rhythm in the piano gradually being filled out into a four-against-nine rhythm in clarinet and cello. Minimalist as the opening may be, the latent energy generated by these increasingly elaborate polyrhythmic structures becomes relentless in its drive and variety. This is a very gestural piece; there are no specific themes or melodies that are developed, nor does the music ever coil in on itself, but continues in a seemingly endless progression, at times somewhat tedious due to the combination of fast tempi, high volume and few if any waypoints to guide the listener.Admittedly the score, provided in PDF form along with the audio thanks to an ingenious partition of the CD, is much more "Carterian" than the actual sound of the piece (thanks to the polyrhythms and frequent "metric modulations"). In overall sound it is much more heterogeneous, the only constant being a harmonic and sometimes melodic influence of jazz, in keeping with Mr Schlumpf's background as jazz multi-instrumentalist and improviser. Passages clearly redolent of Ligeti are juxtaposed with music that could have been written by Leonard Bernstein. Carter is only noticeably recalled at the start of the central "slow movement", one of the few islands of calm in the piece, as isolated sounds suddenly take on a much greater importance than the rhythmic games the music has been playing.Considered as an introduction to Mr Schlumpf's chamber music, this work is the best candidate of the three on the CD. It is pleasant enough to listen to and, formally speaking, lacks the jarring juxtapositions of the others; it also has the advantage of not opening with a long section of music that sounds basically the same throughout. When one comes down to it, however, there are only a few striking moments that remain in the memory afterwards. One of them is near the end, where a recurring "groove" idea slowly breaks down like one of Ligeti's perpetual motion machines into ripples of ascending and descending fifths that in turn gradually contract into a furioso passage. It is almost visual, comparable to an Escher painting of fish turning into birds, and gives a real sense of evolution which is often lacking elsewhere in the piece.The other works showcased here are less integrated in character. December Rains for solo piano is a quasi-minimalist toccata followed by a slow jazz number, both suffused with the spirit if not the energy of Ligeti, but cast in a tonal language that brings the American minimalists more strongly to mind. Mr Schlumpf makes no attempt to unify these two movements, nor does any unification seem necessary; they are complete in themselves.Summer Circle for string quartet, which lent its title to the CD, is an odd mixture of Steve Reich and Karel Husa. This work is an adaptation of Mr Schlumpf's earlier saxophone quartet, Winter Circle, but I should imagine a rather free one; it is quite well suited to the strings and brings an expansion of range, harmony and colour well beyond the saxophones' capabilities. Much of its flow consists of short repeated patterns to which any harmonic or rhythmic alterations are purely colouristic, but now and again it breaks out into hyper-expressionist, post-tonal stretches that bear no apparent relationship to what came before. There is even a series of quotations from other string quartets, which--as quotations often do--only serve to remind the listener of much better pieces they could be listening to. (I'd forgotten how much I liked Jan&aacute;&#269;ek's Kreutzer Sonata Quartet.) As the title might imply, the form of this quartet is circular: the end is a mirror of the beginning, with the instruments dropping out one by one to leave only the solo violin that started the piece. It must be added that while its occasional gearshifts could be frustrating, this piece was easily the most fun to listen to.The outstanding feature of this disc is the inclusion of PDF scores. Listening to music with the score is, of course, not always ideal--Beethoven's late quartets in particular have always seemed to me to benefit from listening in total darkness--but for contemporary music, even such "conservative" contemporary music as Mr Schlumpf's, the score often provides invaluable insights into the composer's inspirations and working processes. It is a disc well worth owning for that reason alone, and, one hopes, an idea other labels will take into consideration.-Jay Greenberg is a composer and avid devourer of contemporary music.Originally published on ICareIfYouListen.com
The goal of Jenni Olson's new album, Dreams of Birds, is to utilize the "full array of tone colors" that the different members of the flute family can produce. Thus the album opens with the eponymous track for alto flute and piano, composed by Jenni Brandon, followed by Alex Shapiro's Intermezzo for bass flute and harp. Dave Volpe's Gwinna has Olson playing the traditional C flute, as well as the piccolo.All of the pieces are by contemporary, Los Angeles-based composers who are friends and colleagues of Olson's. The decision to incorporate music written by her friends lends the pieces a very intimate, familiar aspect. Olson's flute playing is warm, rich, and evocative, with every note a question, suggestion, or innuendo in an ongoing conversation. The other players who join Olson are equally musically expressive; I was particularly moved by the harmonies and dialogue between Olson's flute(s) and Christin Webb's bassoon(s) on Volpe's Riverbed and Bear McCreary's Incantation.To my surprise, considering the recency of the compositions, none of the works here contain the kind of pounding dissonance or rhythmic randomness often associated with modern classical music. On the contrary, the harmonies are almost uniformly and pleasantly simple and diatonic. There are splashes of unexpected color in the form of some extended techniques from Olson; among the most notable are the brief flutter-tongued passages in Riverbed and piccolo trills in Incantation. However these departures are not as dissonant or sharp as they could be, merely a bit piquant, a welcome bit of overt spice mixed into subdued dishes.Unfortunately, I must admit that despite their pleasing qualities, I found most of the pieces on the first half of the album somewhat less than engaging after a few minutes. Their surfaces are simply a bit too even and static, although one could make the argument that these works are, rather, placid or meditative. Furthermore, the alto and bass flute parts are overly simple, consisting primarily of long, held notes in slow melodies; they show off the timbre of the instrument but not much of Olson's virtuosity as a player.The second half of the album picks up the pace a bit. Damian Montano's composition Dragonfly, for solo piccolo (the only unaccompanied work on the album), begins tranquilly enough, but then quickens into a sort of modern-day Flight of the Bumblebee imitation--and that's no bad thing. Dragonfly is fast, unpredictable, and to the point; it feels very complete when it concludes at the three-minute mark.Next is McCreary's Incantation, the strongest work on Dreams. This piece is about registral comparison and contrast: at first, extremely low, dark chords on the harp are pitted against the agitations of the piccolo, while later the bass flute and contrabassoon are in mournful counterpoint in octaves normally reserved for single-note supporting lines. Much of this interplay is supported by a pounding, martial percussion line, reminiscent of McCreary's famous Battlestar Galactica scores. When Webb switches from the contrabassoon to the regular bassoon, and begins playing harmonies above the bass flute, the effect is astounding. Here, finally, we have the true realization of Olson's goal: by juxtaposing the bass flute with the bassoon, McCreary demonstrates that the largest member of the flute family isn't just a lower-pitched version of the regular C flute, but in fact its own instrument with its own distinct emotional expressive range.Joachim Horsley's Moonrise continues the use of the bass flute. Combined with a piano playing elaborate, haunting arpeggios, the flute melody gradually grows in urgency. There is a piano solo in the middle which is quite technically impressive, ending on a triumphant major chord; the piece then returns to a more somber mood, but still with rapidity and forward energy. Finally, the original theme is stated one more time, quietly, and then there are about six seconds of very pregnant silence. This piece stands out on the album as the one that bears the most fruit upon repeated listens: it is layered and alternates deftly between the dense and the spare.On the final two works, Olson plays only the standard C flute. Un petit clich&eacute;, by Peter Jaffe, manages to be both sprightly and lilting as well as melancholy, with minor and major running together seamlessly. The flute's melody, though very lyrical, does not rapidly change registers, while the piano is all over the place. However, its chords and brief runs are generally played softly, and so it almost never overtakes the flute's primacy, and even then only to echo its melody. The piano is like a busy but self-effacing servant whose efforts are necessary to its master's success.The last piece, by Daniel Kelley, is entitled A Tripartite Sonata. Movement I begins softly and in a rather abstract, nearly atonal manner, but as it grows in volume, it is also suddenly a rag, full of jazzy harmonies and well-familiar syncopations. (It reminded me strongly of Jean-Pierre Rampal's renditions of Scott Joplin.) This burst of color is unrelated to most of the body of the piece, which is a sort of late-Romantic style meander, but the Joplin imitation returns in full force at the very end of the movement. The second movement is long, mostly slow and soft, and frankly extremely dull. Neither the flute melody nor the piano harmonies ever go anywhere. Nor does Kelley give Olson anything interesting to do, beyond one or two flutter-tongued notes. Its seven minutes feel like an eternity. Fortunately, the third movement is full of excitement, with a very driving rhythm from the piano and an energetic, forceful melodic argument from the flute. That tune has real shape, too: several times, the flute gradually approaches its upper registers, leaping and bounding all the way, and when the climactic moment is reached, with a brief flourish, the effect is gripping, even electrifying. The finale is even more energetic than the body of the piece, and the ultimate, upward run is like a double exclamation point at the end of a sentence in all caps.Overall, Dreams is an uneven, but mostly successful, album. Some of the works were not only enjoyable, but met their goal of helping the listener to hear the flute family in a new way. There are several pieces that I intend to listen to repeatedly in the future. Others, regrettably, I will probably skip or even delete. But the good more than makes up for the bad, and this tour of highs and lows in register, volume, and emotion has a few truly transcendent moments.-Matt Weber is a New York based composer, educator, and political slacktivist.Originally published on ICareIfYouListen.com
Popular pieces that don't distract from whatever else I am doing. There are good selections in this collection. ALl familiar.
As the Rite of Spring approaches 100 years of public life, interest in Stravinsky's masterpiece is set to increase, along with new ways of engaging with this infamous ballet score. There have been at least two Jazz-ifications of the Rite of Spring in recent months. The Bad Plus have been touring a live Jazz Trio version and Darryl Brenzel with the Mobtown Modern Big Band have released this `Rewrite of Spring' on the Innova label.First off, there is some stunning playing here, as well as very accomplished arranging by someone with a fine ear and knowledge of the score. Brenzel knows how to write for Big Band. The live recording is crisp and the balance is great. For me, the key issue here is the relationship between the two traditions of Big Band and the Classical Avant-Garde. What does the original piece gain from this treatment, and how do Stravinsky's ideas influence this genre?I have often thought that Jazz has suffered from failing to match astonishing achievements in harmonic and rhythmic innovation with structural imagination, i.e. breaking away from the `Head - Solos - Head' format. In their version The Bad Plus keep pretty faithfully to the through-composed structures of Stravinsky and use their restricted palette to heighten the brutal intensity of the original. Brenzel approaches the task in the opposite way. His Rewrite embraces the varieties of colour afforded by a large ensemble. He also rethinks the structure as a more traditional Big Band format: A series of separate numbers showcasing soloists and allowing applause after each piece. While the applause reminds us of the live nature of this recording, it unfortunately sounds like the audience is small and far away.  Brenzel chooses to keep to the `Theme (i.e. a block of the score) - Solo - Solo plus Backings - Theme' structure for many of the tracks, homing in on suitable riffs, backings and underlying chord progressions. This has both advantages and disadvantages.The opening starts promisingly enough with interesting re-orchestrations of the sinewy folk-melodies. It doesn't quite keep the tension needed however, kicking back into a lovely tenor solo from Pat Shook, but losing the atmosphere and not achieving either the seriousness or the irony needed to pull this off. Early on, Brenzel strays a little too much into big band clich&eacute;s, allowing the music to feel like it's been drained of its energy. For example, the driving Peter Gunn-like treatment of those infamous chugging chords in the second track suffers in comparison to the original. It quickly becomes a pleasant-sounding piano vamp, supporting a guitar solo. We need a bit more ugliness and subversion to give it an edge.Track 3 demonstrates the difficulty of executing this ambitious project. The section has fantastic arrangements of the Stravinsky, with delicious baritone sax punches and chattering muted trumpets amidst muscular trombones and saxes. It then shifts abruptly to and from a breezy modal swing (facilitating a flugelhorn solo from Michael Johnston). These are uncomfortable switches, especially in a `Ritual of Abduction' scene!Spring Rounds works better, partly because this part of the Rite has a great modal groove at its heart already. An imaginative rendering of the score breaks off into a soprano solo (keeping the bare bones of Stravinsky's groove) instead of moving into the climactic section. This insert cleverly serves to extend the build-up. Brenzel slowly adds backing riffs and piles on the dissonances to return to Stravinsky's brutal climax. The final soprano cadenzas work well, over Brenzel's beautifully warm harmonisation of the plaintive tune.Old and newWhat is fascinating about this record is what sounds old and what sounds new. In many cases the closer Brenzel gets to the original score, the fresher the music sounds. By Track 13, Brenzel has warmed to the task and this is the most successful track. The opening sound-world is arresting and thoroughly modern. He transforms the Ritual Action of the Ancestors into a military-edged tango. This time, Michael Johnston's flugelhorn solo feels like an extension of the preceding music with fantastic flutter-tonguing brutality, quoting fragments of Stravinsky's melodies. The ensemble writing is superb and the whole track feels like original music has been absorbed and reinvented, enhancing not losing its bite. The menacing snare drum adds an extra dimension of ritual.Sacrificial Dance is successful in a different way. Brenzel makes this final track a crackling funk number, strutting with James Brown-esque exuberance. This is a brilliant decision. It strikes the right balance of subversion and respect. Stravinsky's drive, harmony and quirky syncopations are kept, but become the interjections of a funk brass section. The riotous battle between the austere Stravinskian brass and 70's Funk rhythm section puts a smile on your face.These excellent last two tracks are definitely worth a listen and, overall, the Big Band treatment does have something to offer the Rite of Spring. It reminds you that it is a living, breathing piece of dance music. It also makes you realise afresh how robust the Rite is; how powerful its riffs are and how startling its harmonies and rhythms. As we approach its centenary, this project illustrates the debt owed by music that followed the Rite - particularly Jazz - and how unsurprising it was that Jazz overtly fed into Stravinsky's later compositions.-Richard Barnard is a UK-based composer, conductor and educator, writing music for opera, dance and chamber groups. Follow him on twitter: @richardmbarnardOriginally published on ICareIfYouListen.com
I had perhaps a better reaction to the Woyrsch Symphony No. 2 than the reviewer preceding me did, but frankly not by much. Woyrsch, born the same year as Mahler, assembled in this work a number of late Romantic flourishes that don't really go much anywhere, punctuated at times by bombast of a greater or lesser nature. As happens all too often with second- or third-rate music, the second shoe just never quite drops. The Hamlet Overture fares a better, perhaps because it's a shorter work. Even so, for me it loses focus about halfway through, acting a bit like its namesake and getting caught up in hesitation, indecision and quandry. Not much on this disc, folks.
When I play this CD I have to turn up the volume just to hear anything.  Then when another song comes on it is blasting in my ears.  It's pretty distracting while I am reading...which is the point of this CD.  I like it...I just don't like having to adjust the volume each time a song from this CD comes on.
not sure what classical music others are listening, but it is not what i would listen when i am reading.
This is a bargain collection of 25 small instrumental pieces and excerpts from symphonies, ballets, and opera competently performed by eastern European ensembles (Poland, Hungary, etc.) for use as background music while reading. I suppose the composers should be obvious for most of these pieces, but would like to see them listed in metadata instead of just the title and performer. Generally more romantic than classical and nothing too memorable, but not meant to be. Easy on the nerves.
If you read my reviews, you know I collect calm music to play when I am relaxing or getting ready to go to bed. It is nice to have these available at a low price here at Amazon.This CD is typical - nice, background sounds. It is a good deal at less than $1
nice ocean sounds with classical music, great for price and nice to read to outside in a sunny spot or shaddy spot
an OK album for the price. I do not regret buying it for my classical collection as I said its ok for the price.
The album is perfect for background music to set a relaxed working environment. I enjoyed it for this purpose, but would rather listen to other Bach music when I want to just relax.
I purchased the two-CD version of this performance (not the MP3 download) that's available through Amazon Sept. 25. I can't tell if the sound is better on the CD since I didn't listen to the download.Otherwise, this is Paul McCreesh's realization of Mendelssohn's original performance of Elijah from 1846 taken from a series of concerts given during August and September 2011 in London's Proms concerts in cavernous Royal Albert Hall. The latter fact makes this somewhat eccentric sounding since the hemispherical hall is notoriously difficult to record in, especially when you have hundreds of singers hanging around like this one does.McCreesh, a period music practitioner who used an extra-dramatic approach in his recordings ofHaydn's CreationandMozart's "Great" Mass in C minorto somewhat split effect, seems willing to take a more reverential, perhaps religious, approach to Mendelssohn's drama about the prophet Elijah. He is supported by Englishman Simon Keenlyside in the principal role and mezzo-soprano Sarah Connelly who joined him in the Mozart. Other soloists are soprano Rosemary Joshua, tenor Robert Murray and treble Jonty Ward whose contributions are greatest in the closing pages of the drama before Elijah broke forth like a fire and the morning light breaking through ends the story. Several choirs joined the Wroclaw (Poland) Philharmonic Choir and McCreesh's Gabrieli Consort & Players to make this ginormous recording.In recent years, coming under influence of the period performance practice movement, most new recordings of Elijah have used choruses of 40 or less including the performance led byPaul Danielthat starred Bryn Terfel in the leading role. This and similar recordings allowed the choir to enunciate all the words in the text so the audience could understand most of what they were saying without resorting to printed guides.That didn't happen here with about 350 singers in the choir. Some of the choruses start out sounding legible but most are simply a mass of sound. McCreesh has never struck me as the kind of guy to keep the British choral tradition of massive sound going strong but that's what happened here. As to individual singers, I found tenor Murray to be the pick of the litter in this group. He is always eloquent, impassioned and reigns in rubato and vibrato, for the most part. Keenlyside tends  to overplay his hand in many roles and does so here, misplacing English gusto for Biblical blasting. Connelly is typically lovely but the womens parts are small.While the British press wet its pants over this recording, even some of them had to admit its warts. One reported, "The orchestral playing, though full of fiery drama, occasionally left quite a lot to be desired: horribly spliced brass entries were a particularly (period performance) highlight and there were all the usual tuning difficulties, especially in the woodwinds." Another debit: "In a performance so consciously in line with a big, grand tradition of English choral singing it was no surprise to hear Elgar in there too," meaning the enterprise sounded Elgarian as well as Mendelssohnian.I think anyone that listens critically to this against other renderings will find this a good recording if you want a massive sound and chorus or if you want to pretend you were part of the occasion of the recording, which must certainly have been a splendid venue. But, for listening repeatedly at home, this one doesn't topple my list of favorites that include Daniel,Burgos'classic version andSpering'speriod version that rivals this one with a smaller chorus and more focused and condensed choral sound. To me, this is neither as dramatic as McCreesh's other recordings and similarly lacks religious conviction to his recording ofBach's Magnificat and Easter Oratorio.One notable advantage of this CD version is the packaging. The CDs come inside a 41-page book with the vocal score reproduced in English and Polish, lots of bios on all the performers, essays and other material about the music, its history and this performance. The one downside is the CD slides into rather tight folders on the front and back cover and will probably be scratched over time.
Just because 8BB is arguably THE elite contemporary music ensemble in existence doesn't mean they are infallible; particularly in their choice of repertoire.Let's be honest: Some of these pieces are &#34;meh&#34; at best, and only really shine due to 8BB's reputation and superb performances.Forgettable new music.The Hartke emerges as the best of the lot, deserving of the Grammy and Pulitzer runner-up accolades it's received!
The instrumentation is good and the male lead is very good but the female vocals are VERY mediocre. I don't recommend this.
wanted to try this music for readers.  I think it is fine an have no problems with the choices of music.  I just think I can play any number of my classical music CD's for similar soothing background.
This is beautiful music. I have it in my IPOD and often listen to this album when I am trying to go to sleep.
good variety, but not for someone who truly enjoy classical music, since the recording is not so great and not with any famous conductor or orchestra.
I download it because it is a great offer. But around 50% of the maybe more I did not listen to, because they are boring or annoying.
I was trying to hook this up with the alarm app to wake me up gently but did not work or I could not figure out how to do it.
I love piano music, and this was ok, but I have heard better.  Liberace comes to mind.  Not my cup of tea.
The classical numbers have a rich musical sound.. but the Christmas numbers sound like they were produced on an electric piano.I do like; however, how he mixes the songs on the album.. and the value is worth the price paid.
very inexpensive mood music for a quiet moment at Christmas time. Pieces are not dynamic and played with a very light touch
I have this on vinyl but wanted it in digital format (mp3).  Sadly, the digital version I downloaded has quite a few skips/pauses in the recording.  They are small but very noticable.
This is a scaled down version of John Addison's awesome theme for Murder She Wrote. This only includes the basic piano part, and not any of the familiar orchestra rendition you hear on the famous TV Series.
OK for background music, but not as outstanding to me as other reviewers describe.  The mix was not that good either.
I was slightly disappointed by the full length music that came from the soundtrack. Its a pity considering that what I've heard of their other work is amazing.
While Archangel was an absolutely wonderful album with a vast majority of the tracks being not only superb but unique and memorable, this album feels like a step in the wrong direction. I was enjoying the first song to hear it suddenly shift gears into some absurdly generic dubstep. Further down the list I came across awful lyrical songs which were in no way fitting of the style or quality I've come to expect from TSFH. Overall, I regret my purchase of the full album as I only really enjoyed 2 or 3 songs (which on Archangel, and even Invincible, though I had my favorites, I enjoyed the entire album(s) immensely.)This one is worth trailing on youtube before buying, fans of the classical side of TSFH will enjoy tracks such as "Ocean Kingdom" a great deal, and will want to gouge their ears out at the dubstep in "Alls Hell that Ends Well" and the awful lyrics in "Back to the Earth"
Somewhat hard to find as CD and I understand why after purchase. 2 Steps from Hell depart from accessible Carmina Burana Rock into extremely dissonant territory on some tracks here; several minutes may seem to sound as if recording equipment has broken down. This is  much moredense music than Audiomachine or Trailerhead.  Had to listen to twice through to  understand the development of several tracks and am still not sure they are worth the effort on serious hi-fi, car stereos will just sound like mush if fed this diet.  May just record 15 tracks which sound great on my pro unit and discard the outliers.
If you are unfamiliar with Two Steps go watch most any movie trailer out there.  Quite often those booming orchestrated tracks played over the 2-minute movie trailer are efforts of Two Steps.SkyWorld is not a bad album and there are certainly some good tracks but the majority of it is was meh... for me.  It's a good soundtrack to sit down and listen through if you need some creative inspiration with some memorable tracks that get played over and over where the rest of the CD will get skipped after the initial play through.There isn't much replay value other than a handful of tracks including:All Is Hell That Ends Well, SkyWorld, El Dorado, Winterspell, For The Win and Blizzard.  Initially SkyWorld was my favorite but after a few replays I found Blizzard to get my vote for favorite track.6 tracks out of 22 isn't all that great, sure there are a few others that are okay but are easily skipped.  I think I picked the mp3 album up for $7.99 and for 76 minutes found the price to be okay.
Okay, so I know most people will give TSFH 5 stars no matter what, but when compared to their other albums, I found this one somewhat disjointed and lacking.  Am I saying, "Don't buy it."?  No, don't get me wrong there are some great pieces in here, but when I compare it to Invincible and Archangel, this one is lacking.  My opinion is that the best pieces of the album are:  All Is Hell That Ends Well, Skyworld, Juggernaut, Icarus, and Blizzard.  They seem to have gone a little overboard with the voices in this album.  I don't know where Back to the Earth came from.  That piece does not fit with the album at all.  Here is my review of each specific piece (Star rating scale 1-5):1) All is Hell that Ends Well - excellent piece.  It has a bit of a horror feel that escalates with a nice techno splash at the end - 5 stars2) Titan Dream - I envision riding a horse across long distance to deliver a critical message or to assist friends in battle.  Not crazy about the voice. - 3 stars3) Skyworld - What comes to mind is capitalism, innovation, battle in the business world.  The horns at the end add a good punch. - 5 stars4) El Dorado - definitely some old world sounds, but modernized with some synthesizer.  Swashbuckler adventure. - 4 stars5) The End is the Beginning - What comes to mind is an evil being resurrected.  Not crazy about the voices - 2 stars6) All The Kings Horses - A duel of rapiers.  Nothing exciting at all. - 2 stars7) Realm of Power - King oriented attainment of power.  - 3 stars8) Winterspell - sounds of Carmina Burana at first then shifts to swashbuckling.  - 2 stars9) Blackheart - violin is beautiful.  I don't hear so much a "blackheart," but a wrestling though confusion.  Voices at end not bad. - 4 stars10) Juggernaut - Bold start.  Purely epic battle sequence. - 5 stars11) Dark Ages - In my mind hordes of eveil getting into battle formations.  Lightens at the end a bit, with good forces coming in.  - 3 stars12) Our Last Hope - Strange Intro.  Too dark for "hope." - 2 stars13) Icarus - the conditioning and training of a hero.  I love the ascending progression.  - 5 stars14) For the Win - Wonderous.  A light hearted struggle or competition. - 4 stars15) Sun & Moon - mood music.  Voices are strange.  Not much musical variety.  - 2 stars16) Big Sky - ancient, possible native american influences.  Decent song.  - 3 stars17) Starfleet - Good music.  Nice sound particularly at the end, but lacks some quality I cannot define.  - 3 stars18) Queen of Crows - in a foreign land.  Very nice music.  Deepening at the end is good. - 4 stars19) Blizzard - a struggle in the trenches.  "Blizzard" is an appropriate title. - 5 stars20) Breathe - has an "Inception" sound to it, but in my mind I see heros returning from a battle or quest and smiling at each other.  Voice at end took a star away. - 4 stars21) Back to the Earth - Awful.  What is this song?  VERY BAD!  It has no place on this album! - 1 star22) Ocean Kingdom - official sounding.  I see an emissary being sent to a foreign land.  This song sums up the album in general. - 3 starsI know some will disagree, but that is my $0.02.
It was a good song to listen to for free. I enjoy listening to various singers when it comes to Christmas music so this gave a good variety to famous artists.
Christmas Masterpieces is wonderful just wish I could play Christmas music year round.  I don't understand it but some people don't like lots of Christmas music.
Only like 2 of the 4 songs one was in Latin or something. Ok for a free download. Definateley dont pay for these
It said &#34; Must-Have ....&#34; But actually you don't have to had it because there's nothing special inside this album.
These songs are from the 1920'sup to probably the 60's.It's nice to hear the old classics, so I don't complain to much!
Downloaded for free so I could get more Christmas music on my iPod. I think it gave me like 5 songs (can't remember, since it was awhile ago). Some of them were good, others weren't my taste, but it was free so what the heck? Not bad overall. :)
A lot of mass music. Not really my taste but it was free so I took the chance. Glad I didn't pay for it
Very nice Christmas music.  We listened to it in the morning and everyone was happy with the music.  Would get it again.
It was ok, the quality of sound was great, it just wasn't the type of Christmas music I was hoping for.  I wish there was a way to hear a preview before purchasing
Only has five songs but the sound quality is not bad. The songs that it do have are classics and all favorites during Christmas time.
NOT AS GOOD AS EXPECTED, I HAVE TO SAY THAT IT IS NOTHING TO WRITE HOME ABOUT, SOME NICE MUSIC BUT....
Got a link from amazon offering this for free....not bad is just four songs... Come on Amazon stop being so cheap...should have given the full album..could have been Christmas in May...instead of just four songs can anyone say Grinch at Amazon..BAHH HUMBUG lol
I ordered this by mistake but I still like the christmas songs that are on it. I thought they were sang very nicely
The song can barely be heard, the music is so faint.  Jingle Bells is the best on the entire masterpiece.
Review title says it all.  Was expecting a better quality but then again, it was free so I'm not out anything except time trying to find a decent track.
It is good music. I would download it again. Nothing to write home about. It is just Christmas music after all
Are these songs free or 99 cents each? I listened to the previews of each song and liked what I heard from them!
I wanted traditional songs in a non-classical format.  Sound is very nice but not what I was looking for. Was free so that was very nice.
Obviously only listen to this during the season because it's only one time a year that it fits.  I don't really listen to Christmas music except them.
I've enjoyed listening to some of the songs. I might let some friends know of this music they may or may not like it.
Good sounds but not many of them, Easy to download, I just wanted some Christmas music and this helped fill the bill.  Not something to listen to forever though.
Only four songs - Jingle Bells,  a long version from the Nutcracker.  Liked it but wished it had more to it even if free.
THERE OK SONGS  THERE NOT THE SONGS WE KNOW AND LOVE AS FAVORITES  BUT THERE NICE  I DIDN'T KEEP THEM I DELETED THEM  BUT FREE IS ALWAYS NICE AND I AM SURE IF I LOOKED I WLD HAD FOUND WHAT I WANTED
I have heard a few of these &#34;elevator music&#34; selections before, it's nice to have them all in one collection.
I used several other samples for the holidays. I'm sure under some circumstances this would be used by me & my family.
It would be good background music to use during a party. It isn't something you are going to sing along to,
I was hoping for more Christmas Songs. The &#34;Gloria&#34; was not the masterpiece I know.  Otherwise the songs were all beautiful, just not enough.
Its free, its seasonal, its okay. Nice to listen too around the holidays but really don't need it year round. There are a couple great music selections and sound quality is very good.
It is okay but it is very obvious that it shoots to target anyone (!!!, which made me feel less ...special : )  I would clarify a little: too many different styles/genres for only 4 pieces of music; every piece/song had a very distinctly unique feel.I had to "change gears" for each one of the four, which was neither relaxing, nor peaceful.
Its free so what can I say? There was a song on here that I wanted to use and it worked well.
It was great for the Christmas season. the songs I listened to were great. will listen again next year. Try it, you will like it.
I ordered this because I like classical music, I like Christmas music, and it was free. The only thing I didn't like about it was that it was only 4 songs.Now, I don't want to sound ungrateful. It's free, after all. But it just feels a bit strange to have a four-song album on my player. And if you want to play it for any length of time it's going to repeat and repeat. I would have much rather had a 12-song album cost a few dollars than to have this one. Just my opinion! The quality of the music is fine.
excellent Christmas music. I can sooth one's spirit during this hectic Christmas season of the years. Just listen and enjoy.
I can't really give a review on this product as I had downloaded but never listened to it so I have no way of honestly knowing how well it performs
I love Christmas but this is a style of music you must appreciate to like it. It is symphonic and Operatic.... While I do like some of this style, this was not really for me. If I had paid for this I think I would have been ticked off. Definitely not something I would recommend, without suggesting listening to it. Since I got it as a free promo it really is no big deal, but I can see myself deleting it so it does not waste space on my cloud storage. Just because it is free does not mean it is for me. LOL
OK--nothing over the moon. It is a nice variety--children's, Gregorian chant style, ballet from The Nutcacker, and religious with Oh, Holy Night.
But hey that was my fault not Amazons. Hey a few free songs anyway. So how really can I complain.
It was free and consequently I did not have too high expectations.  It was okay and I enjoyed listening for the first time.  Not sure it will ever make my favorites list.
It's okay, not what I would listen to it every day during the Christmas season.  It seems rather slow place...
Vissarion Yakovlevich Shebalin (1902-1963) was a Soviet composer of the same generation as Shostakovich and Khachaturian, and indeed was close to both of them. He was born in Siberia -- hence, I suspect, this recording coming from Omsk, Siberia where the local conservatoire is named for him -- and after early schooling went to Moscow where he remained virtually the rest of his life. He was a teacher and administrator. Among his pupils were Edison Denisov and Tikhon Khrennikov, the latter ironically (or tragically) the overseer of Zhdanov's and Stalin's purge of Soviet composers which included Shebalin, Prokofiev, Shostakovich and others. He is often thought to be a successor to Taneyev, in his music, his teaching and his somewhat reserved and utterly incorruptible personality. He was a somewhat conservative, serious minded composer. It is a bit startling, then, to hear the music on this disc because it is, if not exactly lighthearted, fairly light incidental music for theatrical productions. In its present guise, this music from three different productions are merged into two suites for orchestra. The music was mostly written in the thirties, although the Second Suite was revised extensively in the early 1960s not long before Shebalin's death.The First Suite is made up of music taken from two long-forgotten productions. As of the date of this review, Amazon does not list the sections. They are Funeral March, Dance, Slow Waltz, Dance, Song, and Waltz. The music sometimes sounds like ballet music as one might guess from the section titles taken from dance forms. One interesting bit of orchestration is that Shebalin uses a banjo and a saxophone in a couple of the movements, something that was still rather unusual at that time and place.The Second Suite draws from music originally written for a production of Alexandre Dumas fils' play, 'La Dame aux Camellias'. When he revised it in 1962 it was then played in Moscow with Evgeny Svetlanov on the podium. Like the earlier suite, the movements often refer to dance forms: Waltz, Tarantella, Slow Waltz, Bolero, Romantic Waltz, Potpourri, Romance Without Words, Galop. It is hard to imagine what a tarantella and a bolero are doing in a play about a French woman in an unrequited love affair who then dies of tuberculosis, but there you are. The music itself is a bit more enjoyable, if I may say so, than that of the First Suite, and the sardonic concluding Galop almost sounds like Shostakovich in his lighter moods.The Siberian Symphony Orchestra is a second-tier orchestra and although they clearly enjoy playing this music, the playing doesn't come up to the highest levels. There is a noticeable heaviness to the playing. Some of this may be due to the conductor, Dmitry Vasilyev, in that the sparkle of the score doesn't come across as well as I imagine it could in other hands.My hat is off to Toccata Classics for bringing unfamiliar music to us but I suspect I will not getting the second disc in this series.Scott Morrison
Purchased for my wife. She uses the music a lot while playing cards with friends, beading, cleaning and, of course, while reading. A great stress reliever too. The selections are light classical and unobtrusive. Very pleased.
quite good, but not for the true classical music enthusiasts like myself, since recording is not so great. i wish it was done with more care.
This is a reasonably worthwhile selection of the music of Philipp Heinrich Erlebach (1657-1714), with examples of his orchestral, chamber and vocal music. The opening Overture-suite in B flat is attractive but unadventurous, rounded off with an agreeable chaconne. The scoring is nothing special, the playing of the Capricornus Consort Basel stylish enough, more graceful than vigorous, but the constant strumming of a baroque guitar gets tiresome after a while.There are three vocal pieces: a solo aria for soprano, one for countertenor, and a duet for the two voices at the end, "S&uuml;&szlig;e Freundschaft, edles Band", which gives the programme its title. The two arias, attractive in melody and mournful in mood, are very nicely sung by Miriam Feuersinger and Franz Vitzthum, and the duet is fine too, with a lovely instrumental accompaniment. Erlebach apparently composed several operas but they were all lost, along with most of his other 1000 or more compositions, in a disastrous fire in Rudolstadt in 1735; no doubt that's one reason why his work has been more-or-less forgotten for a couple of centuries.The other Overture-suite in D minor is, like the first, not especially interesting, with no decent tunes apart from a rather more involving Air as its last movement; the busy but featureless guitar accompaniment to the orchestral works continues to irritate. The best thing on the disc, for me at least, is the Sonata Terza for two violins and continuo (tracks 11-16). The textures of the instrumental combination are lovely, and the piece is rounded off by a fine Chaconne and wistful Final. It promises well, in fact, for Erlebach's other chamber music, and this is further borne out by a CD from Rodolfo Richter,Erlebach VI Sonate, which includes an even better performance of the same Sonata Terza together with other works of similar quality.The present disc, then, offers a useful sampling of Erlebach's output, with generally decent performances in the service of this lesser-known baroque composer. But there are better discs available, including the one cited above andPhilipp Herinrich Erlebch: Ouvert&uuml;res; Sonatas(listed thus here on Amazon) from the Berliner Barock-Compagney, both well worth investigating.
First of all, it's FREE... so I'm not going to complain (much) about it.When you read &#34;Philharmonic Orchestra&#34; you'd probably think on classical instruments: violins, cellos, horns, stuff like that. Either those Scandinavians guys understand something different by Philharmonic or their Orchestra was set up to sound like they all were playing computer-generated instruments.This is the kind of music you'll heard in your local mall, played by a guy with a good synthesizer.
This recording of the Brahms Handel Variations and the Paganini Variations was made by the very young Idil Biret  in Paris in 1961 not long after she had finished her studies with Nadia Boulanger; she also studied with Alfred Cortot and Wilhelm Kempff. I believe this was her first recording of the music of Brahms, all of which she ultimately recorded. The sound on this disc is very much of its time. Not bad, but not up to today's standards. The sound of the piano is a bit nasal and there is a somewhat distant quality. And it is in mono.Frankly, for me, Biret's playing here is rather tame, rather generic, rather too polite. All the notes are in place, of course, but there is little &eacute;lan, little spark. It's almost as if she is intimidated by the music (or by the notion of playing Brhams). In any event, neither of these performances is one I'm likely to return to very often.Scott Morrison
Benjamin Moser, not to be confused with the American writer of the same name, is a youngish German pianist. This is the second CD of his to come my way. I was perhaps a bit underenthusiastic about his debut album of Russian musicRussian Piano Musicand I have to admit that I have much the same reaction to this CD of music from the heart of the impressionist French piano repertoire, music by Debussy and Ravel. Perhaps that is because there have been such marvelous recordings of Debussy going back at least sixty years. One thinks of Gieseking, e.g.Plays Debussyor Michelangeli, e.g.Debussy: Images 1 & 2; Children's Corner, not to mention more modern recordings by the late, lamented Paul JacobsDebussy: Images; Estampesor especially the new series of all of Debussy's piano music by Jean-Efflam BavouzetComplete Works for Piano. Of Ravel there is Angela HewittRavel: The Complete Solo Piano Music, Pascal Rog&eacute;Ravel: Piano Works, and, again, BavouzetRavel: Complete Piano Works.So what is wrong with Moser's performances of French piano music. Not much, really. Every note is in place, dynamics are observed, there is discreet rubato and pretty musicianly phrasing. But there is little magic or mystery. I can't really define what I mean by that but, for me at least, the music just sort of swims past, not making the kind of impression that some of the pianists I've mentioned do.I'll be interested to see and hear what others feel about this disc, so DO write a review if you have the disc or, as I have done, have downloaded the mp3 version.Scott Morrison
The problem here is this recording is apparently only available as an MP3 download;  I presume the reason is that Amazon can't get the CD (indeed, I emailed the performer & she said it was &#34;sold out&#34;).  Because of this, I was grudgingly obliged to get the MP3, which is a &#34;lossy&#34; format and not capable of reproducing a harpsichord adequately.  I have high-end audio equipment, which glaringly reveals that its sonics are indeed dull and vague.Also, there are no liner notes provided except the cover, which I found difficult to download (there are no instructions on the site).  I finally figured it out, but the final result was pixelatedOtherwise, the performance is very good and it even uses a historical Portuguese harpsichord .  I am on the lookout for the CD; anybody know where to find it?
As Russell would say, "It's like school during the summer: no class."What's next?  "100 Classics for Stripping"?  I'm sure the music is good though.
I love the selection of songs and the price is unbeatable, but the sound quality isn't as great. I have to turn the volume on my computer up all the way to hear many of the softer portions of these songs, while other sections blast at deafening volume. I wish more attention had been paid to making the sound quality even from song to song.
While a fan of these classical music bargains from amazon, this is like a &#34;free beer tomorrow&#34; sign.Do you get 30 concertos, at three movements each, making for 90 music files? No.You do get 30 music files. Good music, but amazon...truth in advertising is the best policy.If you have no Mozart, it's still a deal.
ONE NEEDS TOO GO THROUGH THE ENTIRE ALBUM AND DELETE THE PIECES THEY DON'T CARE FOR. I WAS INEXPENCIVE THOUGH
i always enjoy listening to music from a complete ensemble. the ones with no singing are delightful for relaxation.the non-english songs are enjoyable as well if you try to 'guess' what the words in the songs are saying. great deal !
Yes, these are classics, and supposedly relate to love.  But you have to know the whole context to really fall in love.  Again, a great bargain for sound in the background, but you won't walk away humming these mainly obscure melodies.
For a mix of songs, I would have picked others, but I guess I can't complain too much..., it was free.
I'm not sure about these songs, if it's the Artist I like, and the songs, then it will be great
Not what I expected. It didn't show the song list. I was expecting classic love songs not classical. Oh well.
100 Classics in one place is impressive.  And low price too.  I think the title is oversell.  But the overall effect is great to listen to.
nice collection of soft classical and guitar music. easy to listen too, but I wouldn't call it love songs, just classical
The music is beautiful and was a very good buy, but it would be nice to have the composers' names as well as the performers.  Although some of the pieces are so famous that I should probably recall who wrote each of them, a little help would have been appreciated
Nothing very unusual about this product.  The songs are clear, there are lots of them, & the price was right.  I only use this as background music to break the silence in the room.  It sets a nice mood.
As it happens I've been listening to two recently issued discs of the music of Johann Joseph Fux. One of these,Music for Court & Church & Opera & Home, is terrific; and the other ... well, this is it. It's an oratorio in German, written in 1731 and so one of the Austrian imperial court composer's late works - on a very peculiar text which purports to draw a parallel between Greek mythology and Christianity by using the story of Perseus and Andromeda as a rather far-fetched metaphor for the redemptive suffering of Christ. So the character of Perseus represents Jesus, Andromeda is Anima (the Soul), and the other characters are Cassiopeia (Eve, or Humanity), Furor (the Devil) and Nemesis (Justice).The music consists of an opening Sinfonia, a series of recitatives and arias with a duet and a trio, and a concluding chorus. Fans of Fux will know that he was no slouch and his music here is indeed characterful and distinctive, with some fine arias and an especially lovely duet (track 14) between Andromeda/Soul and Perseus/Jesus. The parts of Perseus and Andromeda are finely taken by a boy treble and alto respectively, and Matthias Helm's bass Furor makes excellent, spirited contributions (tracks 16 and 22). The reflective concluding chorus, too, is graceful and touching.The Ars Antiqua Austria period-instrument ensemble are old hands in the baroque repertoire with many fine recordings under their belts, and their playing here is stylish and committed as always. Altogether, violinist-director Gunar Letzbor and his musicians do their very best to make a case for this work. The booklet has useful notes in English and gives the German text, with no translation but only a brief one-line summary of each section in English; in fact even the text itself is Austrian-baroque German, and somewhat different linguistically from what you may or may not have learned in school.Sadly, though, I found it very hard indeed to really like or get involved in this strange work - even though Fux is one of my favourite baroque composers, his melodic brilliance does shine through in places and the performance is skilful and sensitive. I suspect that most baroque enthusiasts will find this work to be of very limited appeal - it could be of interest if you're feeling adventurous, it's certainly a curiosity, but forgotten masterpiece it isn't.
Over all this compilation is soothing filled with familiar classical songs. I noticed when I play the album the recordings are a bit low in volume and some tracks come across as silent.
Most oif these &#34;classical collections&#34; are repeative, however at 99 Cents they are a bargin.One has to sort through them and arrange some playlsits according to personal preferences, but all it all I would recommend them.
AWSOME for your ears and the rest of your head.  Enjoy enjoy enjoy music is for your soul and the cello is the vehicle
This music is good to listen to if you are looking for easy listening and background noise. The selections were nice and complimented each other.
gives good sample of Allegro Classial Winter 2013 album, after hearing it help in desision to purchase the new album.
You can't beat free and these are decent selections for classical music fans or anyone who appreciates Amazon mp3 samplers.
While Japanese/Chinese artist are technically brilliant, they often have no &#34;feel&#34;. Two tracks here. The Brandenburg #3 seems hurried and muddy (or muddled). Couple of nice opera tracks, nice duets of piano and viola, or other combinations.
The album is just ok. I guess I was looking for something other than what I got. I will try again later
as others have noted this is a lot of music for the price, so one does not expect great performances, and you don't get them
It might be great music and it cost next to nothing. Wish I knew what it sounds like but none of the files I downloaded will play. They are all just 321 byte stubs. I have spent over an hour on Amazon's web site and I'll be damned if I can find any way to report it or re-download the files. Cant even find a phone number for Amazon. It's almost like they don't want to hear from you.
It is ok like I stated. I really enjoy variation in piano music and not just classical. Thanks for your excellent service!
Andrey Yaroshinsky is a young -- 24 when this disc was recorded in 2012 -- pianist who is the first prize winner in a little-known piano competition in Azerbaijan. He graduated from the Moscow State Tchaikovsky Conservatoire. Unlike some new pianists who choose to make their recording debut with works from the center of the piano repertoire -- e.g.Miao Huang Plays Works By Frederic Chopin & Maurice Ravel-- Yaroshinsky leaps into the fray with small pieces by Tchaikovsky, almost all of them fairly rarely heard. Indeed, I've only heard a couple of them either in recital or on disc -- the Scherzo &agrave; la russe and the Polka de salon. And even on repeated listening I can't get too enthusiastic about any of this music by Russia's best-known composer. They're pleasant -- they're by Tchaikovsky after all -- but hardly memorable.The disc starts with three pieces without opus numbers, three Impromptus, one of them actually never finished by Tchaikovsky but completed by Alexander Taneyev (not the better known composer, Sergey Taneyev, who was a distant cousin. The booklet errs by referring to Sergey rather than Alexander as the composer involved. And while we're at it, the booklet also misspells the last name of noted Russian music publisher Pyotr Jurgenson.) They are followed by Tchaikovsky's Two Pieces, Opus 1, which comprises the aforementioned Scherzo &agrave; la russe and another Impromptu, an aggressive allegro. Then come 'Trois morceaux', Op. 9, the most alluring of which is the first, the 'R&eacute;verie', which is longer than the other two pieces combined, one of those being the Polka de salon.All of the pieces up to this point were written for amateur pianists. But now comes the 'Six morceaux compos&eacute;s sur un seul th&egrave;me', a set of variations on an original theme written for Tchaikovsky's teacher, Anton Rubinstein, in which he wanted to show Rubinstein his mastery of form and compositional technique, e.g. the second movement is a four-voice fugue. Although more difficult for the pianist than the previous works on the disc, it strikes me that this set of variations is rather dull and 'correct'.Yaroshinsky's playing is certainly adequate and even sparkling in spots -- as in the Scherzo &agrave; la russe -- but little strikes one as original or personal. It is for this reason, as well as for the impression made by the music itself, that I give this disc three stars.Scott Morrison
This album is full of Russian classical music. It was on sale for 89 cents, and there's nothing bad I can say about. It was 89 cents.
This is an ok mix, and for the price great, but the quality of some of the songs leaves something to be desired.  I think it is good for the price, but not an all encompassing collection.
Very good selections but mediocre sound quality.  Definitely not concert hall.  I bought it for relaxation inmy recliner and it suits that purpose,  For the price, no complaints.
Great price! But gets a little boring after awhile. Needs some uptempo songs mixed into the cd. But i love the songs
what you see is what you get. the 'album only' motets are single-track items, even thought 'jesu meine freude' has multiple sections. that said, this is easily the best recording of these motets. mixed blessing, and a waste if you are learning a piece that is not tracked.
I like Soparano music and it was a good choice. I can not say more to fill the required numbers 'one
I love classical music, and most of the tunes on the recording, but I think it needs some serious editing.  I think it could be reduced to about 50 good songs to offer a sense of more variety.  After listening to about half of this, I start thinking about something else to play.
Beautiful music, mostly instrumental.  I don't even remember ordering this.  I needed lyrics with subtitles.  I've not really listened to all of it yet.jpw
great value. but there's no way to know who the composers are- itunes doesn't know and there is no accompanying information to let one know who wrote the music.
Easy to listen to but yet not too exciting as what we have here is a music style that is no longer prevalent.
I selected this mainly because of the Russian Easter Vespers music (three songs).  It is all pretty good although I have to be in the right mood to enjoy Gregorian Chant - 13 of the 50 pieces.
perhaps it depends on your expectation.  but a lot of the &#34;songs&#34; start to sound the same after a while.  also some are too short.  but if you want some celtic monk chants, this is it.
As I said in a review some years ago, I yield to no one in my love for the Brahms String Quintets. These late flowers from Brahms's pen are simply magnificent works that don't get played in recital as often as they should be because they require a string quartet to add a second violist. Thus touring quartets don't get to play it as often as they might like; most performances, then, are heard by groups from a local orchestra or university. And indeed this recording is made by principals from the Uppsala Chamber Orchestra in Sweden. It is an entirely creditable performance albeit a little scrawny at times, a no-no when playing these lush Brahms works. Still, the group plays with fervor and obvious love for these works and since this is a review of the mp3 version of this recording -- it is also available on CD -- it is at a lower price than a CD would cost.My own favorite recording of the works is that by principals of the Boston Symphony on the Nonesuch labelBrahms String Quintets Opus 88 & 111 - Boston Symphony Chamber Playersbut there are others that are somewhat better than this one from Uppsala: the Hagen Quartet with violist Gerard Causs&eacute;Brahms: String Quintets, op. 88 & 111 (Hagen Quartet, Gerard Causse), the Ludwig Quartet with Bruno PasquierBrahms: String Quintets Nos. 1 & 2(on Naxos, and thus less pricey), and the Raphael EnsembleBrahms: String Quintets Nos.1 & 2(also at a budget price). All the cited recordings are on CD, rather than mp3.Scott Morrison
The album is a good compilation of some of the best known classics. Some of the pieces are exeptional.  Further, it gives the listener an insight into East European talent, culture and the instruments they have. The title overstates the content. Can't beat the price.
There are more stellar performances out there, including a truly hard-to-find Fischer-Dieskau CD compendium I discovered elsewhere after purchasing the item under review--but you never know when this purchase may also come in handy for an obscure Lied.
This is an early 1950's live recording, with relatively poor sound.The performance is from decent to very good, with the great Elisabeth Schwarzkopf singing in her prime (she was not yet 40 at the time of this performance).However, the cuts are enormous and the performance can only be considered as an abridged version of the entire oratorio. The performance style is also rather dated listened today.The story is about the same as Vivaldi's oratorio 'Juditha Triumphans'. Judith, an Israel widow, liberates her fellow Israelites by assasinating the king of their invaders.Mozart did not wrote too many oratorios, so this piece is considered a rarity among his works. The music is good but personally I would much prefer Handel in this genre.Later productions and performances of this work in full are available, for instance Leopold Hager's. So any interest in this historical recording would mainly be in Schwarzkopf (myself included) and other Italian singers like tenor Cesare Valleti.As some have pointed out, Peter Schreier (a great singer and musician in every way) has sung a lot of Mozart (and other baroque/classical sacred) works, and this historical recording may provide an 'alternative' listening. However, I personally would not, for this reason alone, rate this product higher than 3-starred for important reasons stated above.
The selections are good but the sound quality was only fair.  Price was right, so it worked for us.  It was long playing so that fit our needs as well.
What kind of disgusting people wouldn't bother to credit the performers?With a quick listen to the samples, the Prokofiev Violin concerto #2 sounds like Oistrakh/Galliera but I'd have to compare it with my LP.
Some reviewers have bemoaned the fact, rightly so, that no artist information has been provided.  Usually information is withheld when there is something to hide.  Actually, these ARE almost entirely the usually second-tier Eastern Europeans and no-name conductors one has grown accustomed to.  There is a reason for that.  These are not new performances recorded by Cobra Entertainment:  They are licensed by them for pennies.  As it is, the Prokofiev and Tchaikovsky are the best of an otherwise indifferent bunch.  Here some names to attach to these performances:Tchaikovsky Piano Cto No. 1: Jeno Jand&oacute;/Budapest Philharmonic/Andr&aacute;s LigetiRachmaninoff Piano Cto No. 2: Ivan Drenikov/Bulgarian Radio SO/Jean-Pierre WallezTchaikovsky Violin Cto: Emmy Verhey/Budapest SO/Arpad J&oacute;oRimsky-Korsakov Piano Cto: Victor Chucov/Bulgarian SO/Vassil StefanovProkofiev Violin Cto No. 2: Stoika Milanova/Bulgarian Radio SO/Vassil StefanovRachmaninoff Piano Cto No. 1: Marta Deyanova/Sofia Philharmonic/Dimiter ManolovGlazunov Violin Cto: Stoika Milanova/Bulgarian Radio SO/Vassil StefanovRachmaninoff Piano Cto No. 4: Ivan Drenikov/Bulgarian Radio SO/Jean-Pierre WallezProkofiev Violin Cto No. 1: Stoika Milanova/Bulgarian Radio SO/Vassil StefanovShostakovich Violin Cto No. 1: Stoika Milanova/Bulgarian Radio SO/Vassil StefanovRachmaninoff Rhapsody on a Theme of Paganini: Nikolai Evrov/Bulgarian Radio SO/Vassil Stefanov
Ordered and purchased album but found I could not D/L whole album without D/L'ing  Amazon's D/L software.  I DO NOT WANT AMAZON'S OR ANYBODY ELSE'S SOFTWARE ON MY PC EXCEPT MICROSOFT'S. THEY ARE THE ONLY Co. software I trust on my PC.  WHY CAN'T I D/L MP3 Albums w/o having to put some crappy software that may contain a virus or malware that will screw up my PC.  Needless to say I canceled the purchase and will not buy music from Amazon until they fix this &#34;INSULT&#34; to my intelligence.  I'm quite sure the D/L App. has tracking software to track my other purchases on line.Guess what, Amazon,  NOT GONNA HAPPEN!!!!!  :-(
There are certainly some good songs on here, but Classics Vol. 1  pales in comparison to Skyworld. So while I am used to being wowed by Two Steps From Hell this time they didn't quite accomplish that. However, I still overall love their music and look forward to their next album.
I'm glad I bought it but there are stronger entries in Audiomachine's fold. This has a more tempered less grand feeling than other albums it's a nice work that loops pleasantly.
I like the song but was not interested in the whole set. I will keep this item in mind because my little ones seem to like it.
I wanted this for sleeping music but the volume us much too variable to be of use during the night.  It is beautiful music for waking hours, however.  I have not tried it during reading because I tend to be distracted by beautiful music.
See my other review, but, quite simply, 'Okho' fares best here. This is a 'Spatial Audio' recording (a very pretentious one) which only works on certain levels (maybe worth a hear for some). I liked the effect, but there's something robbing 'Persephassa' of excitement even though it's not apparently the players' fault. Any of the other 3 versions are preferrable.'Psappha' is one of the least exciting ever. At 15 minutes, it just stretches the original concept to the academic level. And the tight recording adds nothing to the dreary sound of the instruments chosen. Stick with Gert Mortensen on BIS.This recording IS somewhat thought provoking, there is some 'there' there, but it comes with some baggage too. Be warned. 2.75 StarsBe thankful I listened to this for you! Now move on...
Piano concertos are legion. And then there is K 453 in G Major. Even by Mozart's exalted standards, it is beyond a miracle. Is there a sunnier, more luminous creation in existence? Why is it here? Is it a clue? Other than a brief passage in the finale, it basks in major keys. Hazlitt's Sundial is inscribed "Horas non numero nisi serenas - I count only the hours that are serene." Much the same and more could be said of K 453. In some ways, mankind does not deserve it. Mozart's starling who could sing the opening refrain of the finale is assuredly a Bird of Paradise.Mozart was purportedly not Richter's favourite composer; one would never know it on the basis of this performance. He himself is bewitched by K 453 and in turn, casts his own spell over the listener. This is an act of consummation. The transparency of Richter's touch is wondrous. Ever so aptly, he encompasses its serenity to sing "beyond the genius of the sea." I don't recognise the cadenzas (from memory, Mozart left a number of variants): they're highly inventive. Here on Amazonia, there is a wider debate re Ormandy and his standing in the scheme of things; I have no purchase on it. This performance is excellent. Just listen to the strings of the Philadelphia Orchestra at the commencement of the Andante - and how the oboes pick up the challenge: now that's magic. One stands in Elysium.Performance-wise, this can be mentioned in the same breath as Anda (DG). Alas, the recording is pedestrian at best. It's rough and ready stereo, not without depth, which is dull in treble and muffled to boot. In the finale, entire `channels' devoted to the piano momentarily disappear. Thankfully, the audience is quiet. For some, the magic of this performance will transcend its grotty sound:  I'm in that number.Mystifyingly, the compilers of this download include Richter's cadenzas from the finale of K 482. There's no value in these bleeding chunks.As expected, the Russian virtuoso bets the house in the sonata in C Minor, K 457. It's super-heated in its passion, poetry and high drama. That being said, this is the worst recording I have ever heard. For reverberation and distortion, it has no peer. Did someone sabotage the Steinway? It brings to mind the notice that Oscar Wilde saw in Colorado: "Please don't shoot the piano player. He is doing his best!"One star for the bleeding chunks and cacophony of K 457. Four stars for the Miracle.
If you collect recordings of Mahler's 4th, as I do, this one is nice to hear. I am unfamiliar with the work of Karl Rankl, but the occasionally unique balance of the orchestral sound and an accent in the voicing here and there makes it a real interpretation: Herr Rankl is not just waving the stick, and the result is respectable on its own terms. Soprano Sena Jurinac in the last movement (a Wunderhorn song) is okay, but I would prefer a less mature voice; it's supposed to be a child's vision of Heaven, rather than that of a governess. The occasional rough note in the orchestra and the applause at the end make it clear that this is a broadcast recording (from 1954); it was not listed in the first edition of Peter Fulop's Mahler discography in 1995 so it had apparently not been commercially issued before then. The Dukas is a nice bonus, impossible to hear without seeing Mickey Mouse causing the flood in Disney's Fantasia, but the VSO's bassoon is appropriately jaunty. I don't know if I would pay full price for the CD -- there are a number of very fine mono Mahler Fourths from the 1950s -- but the price of the download made this irresistible to me, and the MP3 sound is good enough for a 60-year-old broadcast.
I thought the music would be more relaxing to listen to but many of the songs are not relaxing to listen to.
When EMI decided to make an updated Vaughan Williams cycle in the Eighties, they knew that the London Phil. had already released an all but definitive set for the label under Sir Adrian Boult, which meant that turning to a lesser conductor, even one as talented as Vernon Handley in Liverpool, would risk a come-down. So it was a coup to have Haitink step in, the first international European conductor to undertake much - or any - of Vaughan Williams' symphonic output. The results were prestigious, and some reviewers bowed down. But others complained that Haitink didn't really catch on to the idiom. To my ears, some of his readings sound quite neutral, as if he was merely flipping the pages of the score.Now we get to hear two live performances, of Sym. 5 and 7, in case he found more inspiration under concert conditions. The answer, unfortunately, is no. Both symphonies are quite easy to play; the Sinfonia antartica is as much as suite of film music as a true symphony. Also, VW's music can be absorbed and enjoyed immediately, without much added depth on future acquaintance. It takes something quite special to penetrate deeper, as Boult did with notable success in both of these works (I'm thinking of his stereo remakes, although some old timers prefer the mono originals on Decca from the early Fifties).These live readings from Royal Festival Hall - they date to 1984 (no. 7) and 1994 (no. 5) - sound like good FM radio broadcasts. Don't expect the thrilling sonics heard on Bryden Thomson's cycle for Chandos or Richard Hickox's for the same label years later. There is such a steady flow of VW issuing from British labels that Haitink's musical virtues (lovely balances, mature objectivity, sensitive phrasing) aren't enough to capture one's attention.The gentle, nostalgic pastoralism of the Fifth Sym. usually sounds like much of a muchness from movement to movement, as it does here, but Boult found extra vigor and liveliness where he could, especially in the finale. (I can remember Andre Previn conducting this work with the Boston Sym. around 2002, probably the first time in decades that either the orchestra or audience had heard it. The reception was deadpan.) The Seventh can be conducted to evoke the heartbreaking tragedy of the doomed Scott expedition, an effect enhanced if there is a narrator reciting the brief, stoic excerpts from Scott's diary that lead nearly up to the hour of his death. We get no narrator here. For reasons I can't fathom, Haitink's rather flat studio recording won awards on its release in 1989. This live reading is nearly as flat, because he chooses rounded sonorities and an air of nobility rather than any sense of danger, fear or the deadly cold of the Antarctic. Even so, it's the better of the two performances on this CD.During his time with the LPO, the orchestra loved Haitink and he loved them, so it's understandable that they want to honor him - in fact, it's surprising how few Haitink release there are on the LPO's house label. This pairing can be enjoyed as a memento, but it's not competitive in a crowded field.
This review is from the SACD DISCS - Not MP3 somethingThis is a curate's egg. Undeniably, Stoyanova is beyond very good here. She is in fact: sensational. A glorious voice in the Tebaldi tradition and truly a Desdemona to cherish. I wish I could say the same for Antonenko's Otello. He is at times effective but only when he doesn't push his voice too hard as with the strain he exhibits uncomfortable stress. To his credit he sings the words quite well, if not in the current Placido Domingo model or the previous Mario Del Monaco model, but I suspect he was not in good health at the time of the recording.Unfortunately, Guelfi is simply horrible, easily the worst performance of Iago I can remember. The possible ghost of Sherrill Milnes (who left the great Chicago Symphony Orchestra Chorus (magnificent here, as always) long ago to eventually become a great Iago himself) must have spooked him. Or maybe he could not escape from the ugly virbrato  which seems to dominate all of his vocal production. Whatever. His "Credo" and "Si, per ciel" could only make the listener wish Otello would unmask him as quickly as possible.Muti unfortunately disappoints as well. In addition to interpolating some surprising held notes that most conductors do without, it seems he hasn't been able to make up his mind about the opera as a whole. There is no cohesive point of view, naturally linking the scenes and acts together, Rather, it seems disjointed, something never an issue for prime conductors of Otello, like Toscanini or Von Karajan.From the very opening for example, Muti eschews playing up the sounds and effects of the spectacular storm sequence(as opposed to what Colin Davis did in his recent recording). Generally for some reason here and often throughout the opera, Muti continues to be strangely pulling back, letting go, and then pulling back again, keeping a tight rein on the music, unwilling to let the orchestra have its head, as if afraid that we won't hear all of the words of dialogue in Boito's wonderful libretto, or perhaps because of miking problems at the recording site.Finally, THE SOUND. The SACDs are terrific, of course, and really spread the orchestra and singers around the stage more than you might have expected. But the engineers have used a dynamic range so wide that if you boost the sound to clearly hear all of the dialogue (which  Muti keeps at a level appropriate for spoken dialogue, rather than SUNG dialogue,) when Muti suddenly does let the orchestra play FORTISSIMO, it can blast you out of your chair! This is unfortunate to say the least. Sadly, this does not appear to be an OTELLO I shall return to often.
I love Ludovico Einaudi's music and this album would have gotten a 5 if not for the recording quality, because it is one of my favorites. However, it literally chops off one of the tracks (Brothers... my favorite on the entire album) just  as it is going into a splendid climax and cuts immediately into the next track, which has a completely different mood. It is disturbing every time I listen to it.  I purchased this album first from iTunes and encountered this problem. Since I couldn't find &#34;Brothers&#34; on any of his other albums to purchase separately, I purchased the entire album again from Amazon. Same problem. I also find that the &#34;CD whir&#34; sound is a little louder than usual on this album. This happens on both the MP3 versions that I bought.Other than the recording  quality issues I mentioned, it is a wonderful album. Both soothing and upbeat. Hopefully, a complete version of &#34;Brothers&#34; will show up on an album in the future.
I was surprised that this version begins with the 'storm' section, and completely omits the entire beginning of this piece.As a purist that annoys me, but honestly, it is an interesting way to enjoy this orchestral piece.The opening is much more grabbing, and there is less redundancy overall as it builds and weaves through the different themes.The physical sonic range of the recording seems a bit flat, but the performance feels honest and on target.
The title of this download is misleading. The download contains 60 TRACKS from SEVEN complete masses, with a few additional tracks thrown in.
While I do like Wagner, this recording lacks many of the qualities of sound you'd expect from a CD.  The sound is pretty thin . . . and that is really quite hard to do with Wagner.  I'm also not crazy about the tempos.  Sometimes it really drags, then all of a sudden, it's like the director's coffee finally kicks in and it gets a little out-of-control.
Note: Amazon lists these new Mahler recordings from Maazel as individual MP3 downloads and as a box set of all three symphonies on CD.Lorin Maazel once made a difference in Mahler recordings when he was your only choice if you wanted an integral cycle with the Vienna Phil. British critics in particular seemed to approve of his renditions - Maazel's Sym. 4 with Kathleen Battle remained a first choice for quite a while. The detractors soon showed up, however, and two decades passed before Maazel made a second cycle that went all but unnoticed. It consists of concert performances by the NY Phil. released around the time Maazel departed as music director and is in MP3 format. (I've heard both complete cycles and have tried to review as many as I could.)In his own mind, of course, the 83-year-old Maazel hasn't become irrelevant, and here is the beginnings of a third cycle, which would set a record if completed, surpassing Bernstein's two (on Sony and DG) - in Bernstein's case, he died before recording Sym. 8, and a radio broadcast was substituted by DG to fill everything out.Signum has taken over as de facto the house label for the Philharmonia, and the excellent sonics for this new Mahler First is typical of the work they've done in Royal Festival Hall. When Maazel led this Mahler cycle in 2010-2911, the audience response was ecstatic, the reviews mixed. As one puzzled reviewer tactfully pointed out, Maazel's approach to Mahler is &#34;quixotic.&#34;  But when he's not indulging in quirky (or maddening) ideas, Maazel can turn into a faceless professional.That's what sinks the first movement here, as he puts one foot ahead of the other, with the orchestra collecting a paycheck waiting to go home.  The mystery, nature worship, and youthful joy in Mahler's score are drained away.  The peasant-like second movement is taken at a fairly quick pace, almost one beat to a bar. but the playing, however deft, doesn't really gain much in commitment.  At a subscription concert I'd be happy enough to hear this level of music-making; standards for recordings are considerably higher.  The Trio, where Maazel slows the tempo, feels ordinary. The mock funeral  march that begins the third movement, is beautifully balanced, even if Maazel doesn't make the music piquant or folksy enough - we are envisioning a cortege of forest animals carrying a hunter to his grave, after all, with a pickup band playing as he'd put in the earth. Maazel's reading is blandly literal.I expected the brilliant virtuosity of the impassioned finale to bring out the best in Maazel, and it does, with pinpoint ensemble and crashing climaxes. We don't get the apocalyptic impact of Bernstein's two riveting recordings (either of them could serve as the one to have if you are having only one). I'd place Maazel's intensity at medium, around the level that Haitink or Ozawa achieve. Still, that's a high standard, and I was engaged from beginning to end. Some listeners may find the drastic slow down for the lyrical second theme too exaggerated, though.  It's the only sign of Mazel's love of quirky musical ideas in the entire reading.Overall, this is the least interesting part of Maazel's new Mahler cycle, neither better nor worse than his previous two tries.  He deserves a nod, however, for being able to lead a live performance that sounds as perfect as a studio creation.
Audio volume varies; while most selections are fine, volume ranges from just right to loud to very quiet. Mostly orchestrial
This CD was easy to listen to, yet it sounded like many others I have heard.  Some of the country sounding songs were a bit irritating.
I have other Texas Tenor CDs and this one was not my favorite mainly because of their choice of some of the selections which weren't  as melodic as I prefer.
Just because I didn't recognize a lot of the overtures and the 1812 overture did not end with cannon fire.
Ms. Alieva's voice and delivery are nothing special.  The emotion(s) these songs are supposed to invoke seems to be lacking.  Opera singing is about much more than possessing a good singing voice.  The music in this album does not measure up to the rave reviews plugging this album in advertisements.
The Philharmonic has led the way among American orchestras in offering their entire season in download format, with amazingly good sound considering how deficit Avery Fisher Hall is in that department.  Here from Nov. 2013 is one of the stronger programs I've come across, combining two popular Strauss tone poems, don Juan and Zarathustra, with Christopher Rouse's Oboe Cto. (2004), a showpiece for the orchestra's principal oboist, Liang Wang, just as Rouse's Pulitzer Prize-winning Trombone Cto. did for their first-chair trombonist.Rouse divides his ten concerti - a big number - into somber and genial, with the oboe one being the latter.  As the notes inform us, the piece begins with a five-note chord in the strings that supplies the root for later melodies and harmonies (not that the casual listener could possibly guess, or even gain much after being told). More helpful is to know that the concerto's moods shift from dreamy to sensuous to colorful, Rouse says, alternating lyrical material with virtuoso passages. Rouse has established himself as something along the lines of an established British composer who knows how to remain modernist while fitting nicely into audience expectations. That's true here - the music skips along agreeably (I almost said clucks along - the oboe has a hard time escaping its birdlike timbre) with glittering percussion in the background, only to shift to other textures, perhaps a snippet of a tune with the harp as partner. Rouse is nothing if not facile, and it's good to meet a work that has a chance to possibly enter the repertoire. there hasn't been a successful oboe concerto since Strauss's, seven decades ago.On to the red meat, the two Strauss scores.  Don Juan is given a polished reading with impressive playing - the NY Phil.could be the least acknowledged of the world's great orchestras, I think -  but as so often with Alan Gilbert, his ability to extract great execution isn't matched by any passion. Don Juan is the splashiest music imaginable, and its'a shame when it doesn't swagger. As for Zarathustra, it's the same story. As a sequence of beautiful sounds, it's unimpeachable, but not much happens beyond that.
Although the music is wonderful, I am unimpressed with the sound of these recordings.  They are either old recordings or were recorded or digitized poorly.  I find it difficult to listen to them.  If I had paid more than 99 for these mp3s, I'd probably ask for my money back.
I will straight away admit to being disappointed by this latest, sixty-second and last recording in the Chandos Opera in English series made in collaboration with the Peter Moores Foundation. That disappointment centres upon the very audible decline in the baritone of its protagonist, Simon Keenlyside, an artist for whom I have long had the highest admiration.I heard him sing Macbeth in Italian at Covent Garden in October 2011 and was transported by the ringing virility of his baritone; since them, however, it would seem that a combination of aging and three years of singing heavier roles in big houses worldwide has taken its toll: the voice now verges on the hoarse, its lustre and smooth legato gone, its tonal centre blurred and its evenness marred by the dreaded wobble. He is still a splendid vocal actor with the top A flat the role demands but scarcely any longer recognisable as the baritone who sang Schubert Lieder with such patrician beauty; he now too often shouts his way through the part.Latonia Moore, a distinguished Aida, has something of the smoky timbre typically associated with so many of the great Afro-American voices of the past but her lower register is cloudy and although she has the heft for the top notes, delivered with a quasi-hysterical intensity wholly apt to portray the demonic Lady, they border on the blowsy. Nor can she provide the visceral thrill we experience in the interpretations of previous exponents such as Callas whose cavernous low notes and portamento inflections really do incarnate "the voice of a she-devil" Verdi wanted. She manages the high piano D on her exit in the Sleepwalking Scene but it is only touched on and not eerily, delicately floated as it ideally should be.Finally, on the debit side, Gwyn Hughes Jones' voice is too light and "British" to be a real Verdi tenor so his aria makes little impact.The vocal honours go to bass Brindley Sherratt as a sonorous, imposing Banquo; his duets with Keenlyside are immaculately phrased, their voices always synchronised. The chorus is lusty and the orchestral playing far finer than has sometimes been the case with the ENO in previous years. Edward Garner conducts with verve and gusto and Jeremy Sams' English translation works really well, even for those of us already accustomed to the rhythms of the original Italian. The recorded sound is excellent: warm, balanced and immediate.Yet none of these virtues much matter if the two principle singers do not measure up to the demands of their roles. The debate regarding the value and merit of opera in English is a contentious one but it seems to me that the ubiquitousness of surtitles and the availability of libretti have to some degree neutralised the arguments for it either live or in recordings and ultimately it is the quality of the performance, regardless of the language an opera is sung in, that determines its desirability. Thus I would in preference to this recording direct you to the many established, classic studio versions such as those by Abbado, Gardelli, Leinsdorf and Muti with artists such as Cappuccilli with Verrett and Sass, Rysanek with Warren, and Milnes with Cossotto. If you want the original 1847 score sung by British artists, John Matheson's excellent studio recording for Opera Rara with Rita Hunter and Peter Glossop is a safe recommendation. This Chandos recording provides as a bonus the alternative 1847 ending but Sherrill Milnes recorded excerpts from that for a 1974 recital album when he was in demonstrably better voice than Keenlyside here. The ne plus ultra amongst Lady Macbeths remains Callas, but sadly we have only a live 1952 performance in poor sound or the incomparable excerpts recorded with Rescigno, as she never made a studio recording of the complete opera.It is to any of those that I shall return before this latest issue from Chandos.[This review also posted on the MusicWeb International website]
Two Steps from Hell typically makes an album filled with songs that are inspiring (which since their original market was soundtracks, that makes sense).  This is, for lack of better terms, a softer side to them.Since I topically listen to Skyworld or Invincible working out, I was expecting a similar experince for this album. Not quite.Still good, but much more mellow than is my taste.
Is it good music? Sure. Being that it's TSFH, that can be assumed. That is not the issue. The issue is that I do not feel that this style of music is what TSFH's reputation was built upon and hence what I was looking forward to more of. Invincible and Archangel made them stand out from the other groups. This one makes them blend in instead of being way out ahead in front of the pack. I want to like it, I really do, but if I'm honest with myself, I don't. I listened through it once, made it half way through a second listening, then turned it off.