This is a fun set of recordings. I purchased it because I didn't have Enescu's Romanian Rhapsodies and, every now and then, I get an urge to listen to them (love the woodwinds) as they're light happy pieces that can take your mind to relaxing places.  Although the other pieces in this collection are adequate, they really don't do much for me. Of course, if rhapsodies,  in my collection and other dances are something you enjoy, I highly recommend George Szell's recording of Dvor&aacute;k's Slavonic Dances. Without question, Szell's recordings of the Dvor&aacute;k piecesDvor&aacute;k: Slavonic Dancesare the standard against which all other works of this genre must be compared to.
The end of the romantic era saw some of the most beautiful music ever composed.  Many of these melodies were actually derived from folk music of various ethnic groups within central and eastern Europe.  This album contains some great examples of this; Enescu's two Romanian rhapsodies, Dvorak's Slavonic rhapsody and Liszt's Hungarian rhapsody.  The music is beautiful, exciting and quite danceble.  Listening to it envokes images of gypsies dancing around a village in Transylvania at a celebration or holiday.  This music is also quite rare and not commonly heard on the radio; hence a good buy for the price.  I highly recommend it.
I've been a great fan of Kalinnikov ever since I heard Svetlanov's old recording of Symphony No.1.  What a crime that it remains so little known, as melodically it rivals so much of the 'warhorses' of the Russian school, and is the equal of any of Tchaikovsky's early symphonies, to say nothing of Balakirev's or Rimsky's (save 'Antar,' perhaps). Kalinnikov died early and in poverty, so he undoubtedly had little time or composure to do serious work.  Nevertheless, what remains is a handful of wonderful pieces, full of memorable, and often ingenious melodies, sure-fire orchestration, and a Russian mastery of form (which no Russian composer of the late 19th century was without). Though Kalinnikov is usually lumped with those 'lesser masters' such as Glazunov, Lyapunov, Arensky, Gliere, and Ippolitov-Ivanov, I believe he might have been the best of the lot, had he not died so prematurely.  Only Glazunov can match him for tunes, but Glazunov (much as I adore him) can tend to sound too Rimsky or Borodin; Kalinnikov, though composing in the shadow of the Five, still manages to sound distinct.  I think if he had lived he might have snatched the title of Tchaikovsky's heir from Rachmaninov, whose early works (Prince Rostislav, Capriccio on Bohemian Themes, The Rock) sound an awful lot like Kalinnikov.But to this recording: to be honest, the Budapest Symphony Orchestra plays quite well, though the old Marco Polo recording is far from ideal.  Tempos are sometimes slow, as in the Overture to Tsar Boris, though I really only have Jarvi to compare it to, and he's famous for taking things at brake-neck speeds.  Still, it's a strong performance and among the better Marco Polo recordings I own (some offer horrific sound).  I have no qualms whatever about the music--it's priceless.  I know the previous reviewer found nothing to recommend them, which I find baffling; the Overture to Tsar Boris is a stunner.  Unison strings and winds introduce a grim theme which is quickly swept aside by the brass.  The dark theme returns again and again, but Kalinnikov is more interested in exploring other aspects of the play, including a rousing march and gorgeous, Borodin-esque melodies.  The other pieces in the suite are equally compelling; the second movement is a grim, minor-key piece that gains in power until the entire orchestra chimes in.  A march and a slow movement follow before the rousing--and very Rimsky-esque--conclusion. Again, everything is memorable, tuneful, and always unique without being truly original.The Epic Poem ('Byilina' in Russian) is just that, a piece cut from the same cloth as Rimsky's Skazka, though somewhat less eventful.  This is more of a prelude to a legendary ballad, a simple framework to showcase more of Kalinnikov's trademark melodies.  The true highlight of the disc is 'The Cedar and the Palm,' which contrasts a 'Russian' theme (the Cedar) with a sinuous, exotic Oriental melody (the Palm).  It's almost as direct as Borodin's In the Steppes as Central Asia, and equally appealing; any orchestra would get an ovation from this piece if it were played occasionally to give Tchaikovsky's 'Romeo and Juliet', say, a rest.  'The Nymphs' is a more fiery piece, attempting to evoking a mythical drama that, while not exactly Kalinnikov's strong suit, still offers his command of musical structure and gorgeous melodies.This is a disc for anyone who enjoys Rimsky, Borodin, Balakirev, and Tchaikovsky's more nationalist works.  While at first blush it might sound very much like Borodin (whom Kalinnikov greatly admired), further listening will reveal his musical thumbprint, which I believe was the beginning of a major composer.  Imagine if Tchaikovsky had died before composing his Fourth?  Would he, too, have languished on Marco Polo as a forgotten master?  Though these works are not quite in the same league as his major utterances, the First and Second Symphonies, they offer a much fuller portrait of his aesthetic, and I never tire of listening to it.  A pity Naxos never reissued it with improved sound to reach a new generation of listeners...
While this is one of my favorite of Shostakovich's symphonies because of it's lyrical beauty and deep complexity, I was surprised and disappointed to find that whoever made the mp3s did not bother to listen to them; as a result there are several noticeable blemishes in the audio. If you are considering purchasing this album as a digital download, I would sadly recommend seeking another version.
Disregard the review below--it's about bad shipping, not a bad product!  There are places to complain about that elsewhere; this is a review of the actual performance.As for that, Anissimov has recorded a large swath of Glazunov's orchestral music, all quite capably, too.  He also recorded a nice cycle of Rachmaninov symphonies, of which No.1 was quite remarkable, especially with its inclusion of the rarely played Caprice Boheme.  As a conductor, he's perfect for this repertoire, as he conducts with a light touch, bringing out the orchestral color (which the Russians excel at).  He makes Glazunov seem fresh, bright, and balletic--perhaps a little unfair with the symphonies, which deserve a slightly firmer treatment (I prefer Otaka's cycle of Glazunov symphonies, or Jarvi's).  However, Anissimiov makes the works sing, and in his balletic scores, you can't ask for much more.  This disc with Glauznov's most famous work, The Seasons, is near ideal.  Good tempo, color, and drive--though the sound could be a bit more vivid.  Also nice to hear the rarely played Scenes de Ballet thrown in for good measure.  You won't regret this purchase and it will make you think twice about relegating Glazunov to the &#34;one-hit wonder&#34; category.  These scores, along with his 8 symphonies and numerous colorful orchestral works reveal a prominent minor master, heir to Rimsky's legacy, if not quite as masterful a symphonist as Tchaikovsky or Rachmaninov.This is definitely not a 1-star recording or performance!
No doubt, there will be some who will find Kuchar's reading of Prokofiev's First too slow and pan the whole disc accordingly: this would be a mistake. It's true that Kuchar's First is to crisper, more lithe readings of the score what, say, fifties renderings of Bach's Mass are to later versions done on authentic instruments. But in the present context, sandwiched as it is between the late Romantic stylings of Dreams and Autumn (redolent of Scriabin and Rachmaninov but still lovely) on the one hand, and the brutalist but still Romantic (a Romanticism, defined broadly, of industry that is, akin to the Italian Futurists, rather than one with the usual pastoral connections) Second Symphony on the other, Kuchar's weightier First works exceedingly well. As such, the disc is a marvel of programming. It's fascinating, for instance, how the more pensive variations and the closing thema of the neglected Second echo the contemplative beauty of the earlier Dreams (if in a more anxious manner). If only for the awesome, superbly well done Second symphony, this Naxos set is a no brainer.
I first heard Suites 1&2 in the late 80's; by Slovak Philharmonic, on tape. I have been and still am intrigued as I envision a story unfolding as the piece progresses. There is the use of subtle strings, dynamic horns and bold strings, quiet passages and demonstrative crescendos (and other orchestral elements) which makes this a masterful piece. After hearing several other orchestras perform Bizet's Carmen, I just have not enjoyed them as well. This is DEFINATELY A GREAT LISTEN.
Pretty rare to find this selection of music. The performances on this CD are perfect for creating a nice ambiance for Christmas dinner.
A good introduction to some of the most beautiful music ever played.  I am impressed by the breadth of his accomplishment.
I fell in love with the music used by the Canadian Ice Dancing pair at the Olympics. I was delighted to find it on this  album, as well as some other great music.
I bought this album for Bruch's 8 Pieces which I had heard on BBC radio, but was even more impressed with the Clarinet Trio by Vincent D'Indy who was completely unknown to me at the time.I love the combination of clarinet, cello and piano, having recently discovered Brahms' trio for those instruments, so I was looking to explore this niche in chamber music. D'Indy weaves the contrasting tones of each instrument together most effectively, but for me the warm and fruity clarinet is the star of the show - I guess that's why it's called a Clarinet Trio.This is not the kind of music you'll find in the big, cheap collections: you'll never see an MP3 of '100 Must-Have Clarinet Trios' but, if you like chamber music with more color and contrast than a string quartet, it's well worth paying a little extra to find a hidden gem like this!
The original RCA long-playing album version of Philip Sainton's score for the film"Moby Dick' and this RE-RECORDING are two very different things...The original LP was not chopped up into segments,like this recording is..Instead it was divided into two long suites,with one theme following the next in a logical and ear-pleasing progression.This re-recording re-arranges most of the music and,in presenting it as a collection of cues rather than as a suite diminishes its musical impact.The old LP on the otherhand allows the music to flowIndeed,if the LP version would be released as a CD it would be in one long suite,as a CD,unlike an LP does not have to be turned over on the turntable.While I am of course sympathetic with those who,like myself,love the music from "Moby Dick" it is too bad that after more than half a century the ONLY version of the score available is this re-recording and not the original..HOWEVER,most of the themes used in"Moby Dick"come from an earlier"tone poem"by Sainton entitled"The Island"(Chandos chan 9181,Matthias Bambert conducting the Philharmonia Orchestra AND CHORUS)..Thus many of the themes Sainton used for "Moby Dick"can be heard almost in the same manner as on the RCA LP,as"The Island"is presented on the Chandos disc as a 17 minute suite."The Island"was written and first presented to the public in 1942POST-SCRIPT;Apparently the old RCA lp IS available on cd...only not under the keywords"Moby Dick"or "Philip Sainton"but instead under"THE LOUIS LEVY ORCHESTRA"..it is the score as released on the RCA lp...apparently the Levy orchestra were the players..Anyway this cd is the music as played in the film,the music that you hear when you watch it,unlike the re-recording
To Pianophiles, Leschetizky is remembered as one of the greatest of all piano teachers of the XXth Century. Born in 1830, he studied with Czerny, a pupil of Beethoven. His most famous student was Jan Paderwsky (1860-1941) and his last, Mieczyslaw Horsowsky (1892-1993), died earlier last year.But Leschetizky was also a composer in a minor way and if every disc of music revealed a personality, this is it: genial, amiable, a 'bon viveur' with a mischievous sense of humor, to whom his colleagues were devoted.I doubt if Leschetizky has had an album devoted to him before this one. I doubt whether he will again. So you should snap this up while stocks last!Most of the miniatures here are world premiere recordings and Ritzen captures their spirit to perfection, in playing of unfailing affection, immense zest and acrobatic skill. Piano lovers will find new treasures in every track and pianists should search out copies of the Suite 'A la Campagne', especially 'Danse a la Russe', the Marche Militaire (arr. P. Ritzen!) op.17 and the three pieces op.48, ending with the taxing 'Etude Heroique' to add their party pieces. And who could fail to be won over by the outragous paraphrase on the sextet from Lucia di Lammermoor for the left hand alone?What a collection of slight, undemanding trifles, fodder for encores and attractive alternatives to say, Grieg's Lyric Pieces.Jeremy NicholasPerformance: * * * *Recording:  * * * * *Verdict: Wide range conspectus of a rarely heard composerAlternatives: No alternatives available
The work of Schutz is too little recorded and performed. Here's another proof that it should be more of a staple of the repertoire.
This is an outstanding bargain with so many other sets costing MUCH more.  To download almost three hours of good music for $5.99 - this can't be beat. The orchestra playing by the Czech-Slovak State Philharmonic under Andrew Mogrelia is solid - not spectacular, but solid.  This recording is listed in older Penguin guides as having three out of three stars and also as being a great bargain recording, which is accurate!  I looke at perhaps getting the Pletnev or Gergiev recording, but they MUCH more expensive - maybe they are better, but I just wanted a good recording of this work and am happy with this Mogrelia version!
He wanted his funeral to be solemn. Other people wanted his life and death to be a celebration. Like everything, it is both. We need to cry and we need to celebrate.
I bought this as a gift recently. The recipient was delighted with the mix of selections and the sound. He is not particularly knowledgeable about classical music but enjoys the light classics. This suited his needs perfectly.
I only purchased The Battle Of Stalingrad, so no comment can be made about Othello. However, The Battle Of Stalingrad offers some serious music from this great composer, who is generally known by his romping Sabre Dance and other ballet pieces. For those unfamiliar with Khatchaturian's versatility or the full extent of his immense talents, I recommend listening to this suite, which documents the tragic and, eventually, heroic events of this major WWII battle.
I haven't listened to much of the recording itself yet, though I have reasonably high hopes. However, I do note that the cover shown (and the one you get if you purchase it) is for some Telemann recorder concertos, not for the Rossini sonatas. To see what it should be, look up the CD version of this album.
First, let me say that I'm not crazy about writing music reviews, because so many of them are tiresome and pedantic enough that I don't read many of them either; they are from knowledgeable people speaking to (or trying to intimidate) others of the same ilk. I am neither a musician nor a music reviewer; I merely know what I enjoy. I found Norwegian Violin Favorites pleasant to listen to, a mix of familiar, unfamiliar, and "I know I've heard that before but damned if I know where" selections. The music is mostly melodic, sometimes a bit sentimental, sometimes emotional, occasionally Scandinavian-serious, but generally not extremely anything. As far as I know, it is competently executed, but I'm no expert.I enjoyed it, it was pleasant, I will listen to it from time to time; it's not a 'wow' acquisition, but it is quite agreeable.
This is a fine disc of lighter music. Some of it, such as Svendsen's Romanse is presumably fairly well known even internationally, but the disc also contains several engaging rarities, and everything here is well worth a listen. The virtuoso violinist and adventurer Ole Bull (1810-1880) was in many ways responsible for the direction of Norwegian music in the 19th century. Internationally renowned as a performer, he was strongly influenced by Norwegian folk music in his compositions (often based on real folk melodies). The lovely `Sterjentenes sndag' is perhaps his most famous single piece, and, while of little profundity, it is a piece which it is easy to come to like. `La Melancolie' is a song transcription (arranged for string orchestra by Halvorsen and for violin and orchestra by the soloist here, Kraggerud, himself). It is a fine piece as well, though less memorable than `Sterjentenes sndag'. His violin concerto in e minor dates from 1841 and the slow movement given here, while pretty enough, doesn't really raise interest in the work as a whole.Christian Sinding is probably more well-known internationally than Bull, but his Suite im alten Stil - more high-romantic than olden style - is rather slight, if containing some fine tunes and some solid craftsmanship. Johan Svendsen needs little introduction and the Romance is a real gem, beautifully shaped, memorable and not without depth. Johan Halvorsen (1864-1935) is famous in Norway, in particular for his Entry March of the Boyars. But he was a real composer of some stature, and I strongly recommend listening to some of his orchestral music (the series of theatre music from Simax contains a lot of surprisingly engaging music). The two Norwegian Dances are splendid works as well, lively and spirited, harmonically interesting and with truly memorable themes. The Maiden's Song and the Old Fisherman's Song are reflectively melancholic, unpretentious and not without charm. The Wedding march is joyful and enjoyable but slight.The two Grieg pieces are well-known enough in their original guises. The song Jeg elsker dig is one of his more engaging early songs but works better in its original form (or in arrangement for solo piano) than for violin and orchestra. Last Spring is one of his most famous pieces with its intensely melancholic atmosphere and beautiful melodies. Henning Kraggerud plays every work here with a sure hand and a lovely tone, bringing out the charm of the music while never overdoing it or trying to force us into believing that these mainly innocent miniatures are something more than they are. The orchestral playing is good as well, and I have no complaints about the sound quality. This disc can thus be firmly recommended to anyone looking for a disc of good, tuneful, engaging and spirited music without demanding anything profound.
Mendelssohn: Symphony No. 3, 'Scottish' / The Hebrides / Meeresstille Und Gluckliche Fahrt is a recording under the direction of Oliver Dohn&aacute;nyi who leads the Slovak Philharmonic on this Naxos Recording from 1988. The liner-notes have been written by Keith Anderson and one also gets short biographies of the conductor and the orchestra. Recommended. 4/5.
When listening with heafphones, this early music was quite immersive, even though I detected sackbutts and crumhorns in a few of the works. This collection had some gems I had not heard before from the usual top brass performers of this genre. If you are looking for some rarer works this should fit the bill.
I've not listened to the entire album through yet, but I was most intrigued by the 17 min "Medley of Movie Melodies". I love movie scores, and instrumental versions of them. It's a pity the title of the medley doesn't say exactly which scores are being utilized, but here are the ones I've recognized out of it: 1. music from "The Godfather"; 2. Unchained Melody ("Ghost" theme); 3. something I recognize as familiar but can't quite place; 4. something I don't recognize; 5. "Pink Panther" theme; 6. familiar too! (maybe something from "Dances With Wolves"??); 7. "Romeo and Juliet" Love Theme (1968); 8. not sure; 9. not sure, either, but it's very pretty; 10(+). .... ?; 11. My Heart Will Go On (from "Titanic"); 12. Edelweiss (from "Sound of Music")Some of the transitions in the medley are better than others. There are maybe 2-4 themes between my numbers 10 and 11 that I don't know well enough to label or distinguish from each other. My numbers 1, 2, and 11 are the best pieces in my opinion. 12 is nice too. I enjoy the Pink Panther theme music in general a lot, but I have to say it's just a little out of place in the overall flavor of this medley; it just really doesn't match, and it's not my favorite rendition of the song. But it does break up the middle of an otherwise very long and generally flowing track.The Greensleeves track starts with a very pretty, traditional slow version of the familiar song, and then transitions about midway into a much faster paced version, rather reminiscent of a brisk Irish song."Over the Rainbow" is what I'd call an okay rendition. I thought it lost track of the original song too much in some places, though when it hit it, it hit it really well! But partly I think a 3-4 min track would have been more effective than one over 6 min; it just starts feeling a little long and redundant."Memory" (from Cats) is nicely executed. Switches between full quartet to semi-solos, with one or two instruments prevailing. The pace doesn't drag too much, either, which can be a pitfall of this song.Since "Unchained Melody" was one of the best pieces on the medley, it does it justice to make a full and separate track of it, so you can listen to it separate from the rest. But kinda funny to have it repeated.This string quartet is overall very pleasant and relaxing to listen to, and to my ear it's quite talented playing (I wouldn't suggest that there's not better out there, but there was nothing about it that was grating to me, and the high notes are especially well-executed, I think--not that I'm a pro at it, but I do listen to a lot of music). After a while, I think I'd start craving a mixture of some other instruments, not so exclusively "stringy". But I think it'll be great to mix in with some saxophone and full orchestra instrumental movie music that I have. Mostly I find it strange that it has so few tracks, and I think I would have preferred the long track split into more "bite-sized" chunks.
I was mostly looking for a quality performance of the 'Gran Partita' K361.  This recording did not dissapoint.  The report between musicians is evident in the blending of the tonalities and emotional portrails of the different movements that comes through.  I was also delighted with the performance of the 'Nacht Musique' K388.  For me, an added bonus as I was not actively looking for this piece.
I work for Warble Entertainment Agency and can safely say that many of the pieces here are requested a lot by happy couples. And, what's more they work very well. A good resource if you're unsure of the perfect tune or even if you're looking for some background music to have playing via the drinks reception or wedding breakfast.
Certainly worth listening to! One of the better Italian art song composers. A complex style, but nicely reflects the diverse texts.
We were studing the Composer Marilyn Shrude for a College class I am taking.  It was nice to be able to hear her work, as well as read about her success as a composer.  I thought it was very enlightening to hear all of the composer's comments on their own music, and what they were trying to accomplish with their composition.  It made listening to the music more enjoyable and understandable.
mark is great and they,re very open and gerry helps a lot but the pieces are not that great and other musicians are not visionaries
Although these are not necessarily themes exactly "as heard" in the movies, they are the original compositions, so for me, they are generally close enough. Some of the themes, like Vangelis' Chariots of Fire, fall a bit short of the original sound, but keeping in mind that all conductors and musicians bring a personal interpretation to their work, there is no less a deep appreciation for the quality here. I do question the inclusion of some of the themes here, like the Promenade Sentimentale from "Diva" and the main themes from "Bilitis" and "Merry Christmas, Mr. Lawrence." None of these are immediately recognizable films or themes, nor are the themes as compelling, say, as the main theme from "Terms of Endearment" or "Pirates of the Carribean." All in all, though, there are enough pieces included here with ties to well-known films and they are performed with comprehensive skill to make this collection worth your time and money.
I bought this to hear Maria's final recital. I must say that of course it does not measure up to her earlier recordings, when she was in her prime...but the magnificent qualities that made her "La Divina" are still there. She transmits such emotion, such beauty, such drama, such magic with her voice that even singing only 5 notes she would still be the best. Yes, there is a wobble, quite pronounced in some parts, but the intonation is not bad at all. Her middle and low registers however are intact and she sings with the same full bodied sound so characteristic of this greatest of them all.It is Maria at her worst, but her worst is better than most people's best. As Pauline Viardot once said in reference to Giuditta Pasta's last recital: "It is like Leonardo Da Vinci's Last Supper. The ruins of an art work, but the ruins of the greatest art work that ever existed".
First, the excellent tone and beautiful melodies make up for any flaws.  However: the pronunciation and enunciation is lacking in places, so it can be frustrating if you're actually interested in understanding what they are singing.  It turns some beautiful phrases into just long tones, instead of actual phrases made of word.  I would actually rate it 3.5; its worth buying, but know what you're buying.
Incredibly beautiful voices, soothing almost mesmerizing cadences, too bad it is all in Latin.  I recognize a few words but would enjoy an english version.
Britten's "A Ceremony of Carols" has been a part of the standard repertoire of the American Boychoir since at least the middle 1950's when the group was named the Columbus Boychoir. Middle English poems form the basis of the collection with only a couple of exceptions, notably the latin "Hodie" and the modern English "This Little Babe." Britten exploits the simplicity of the poetry with music written for three voices accompanied by harp. The result is arguably one of the best compendiums of vocal works in contemporary music. While most of the compilations I have heard have been performed by adult choirs the pieces are ideal for trained boy's voices which complement the simplicity of the music.There is little to fault with the boychoir's performance. The "Hodie" is a precessional (and postcessional) piece which is handled by the boys marching from the back of the church to the front, or so it seems. The "Wolcum Yole" sets the tone beautifully. The choir puts in a fantastic performance throughout. While the soloists, in particular the soprano, do not hit all their notes perfectly, they do better than the adults I've heard singing the same pieces. The very simplicity of the pieces hides the difficulty of their performance.There are three flaws in this recording that keep me from rating it "five stars." 1. The recording is at a low level so that one must crank up the sound system to get a decent listening level. Unfortunately, this also cranks up any technical errors in the recording. 2. The director's interpretation sometimes leaves for me a lot to be desired. For example, "Balulalow" is taken at too fast a clip, while "This Little Babe" too slow. 3. My major complaint is that the director, rather than using resources available at Princeton University, decided to continue the current trend of modernizing middle English so it sounds more like what is heard today. Most of these poems were written prior to the great vowel shift, and so "lady" would be pronounced more like "Lawdie." I learned that when in doubt of how to pronounce anything in middle English, remember that all letters were pronounced (all spelling was phonetic), and use the poetry and meter to determine the sounds. And in any case "Deo Gracius" is Latin and would never have been pronounced as it was in this recording.
I always liked classical organ and have some of  Philip Glass' music and Kevin Bowyer's &#34;A Feast of Organ Exuberance. Very powerful sounding if a bit repetitive.
Well I don't get many of these CDs popping through the door, but I'm an old man now, and these things are only to be expected. For Lee Johnson is a classical composer, performer and conductor whow has conducted and recorded orchestras such as the Russian National Orchestra, The London Symphony Orchestra and among many others.He has composed six symphonies, numerous chamber works, four musicals, two operas, concerti, choral and vocal works, works for ballet theater, feature and experimental film, and hundreds of works for multimedia and interactive technologies. And now he has reached a stage in his career where he sends CDs to me. That can't be good. Unlike the CD.Now I'm no expert but I know one thing about music, and that is that it should it touch the soul in some way, and this CD certainly does that. According to Mr Johnson he "used pivotal as well as benign moments from 20th Century American life to examine and experience the recipe for good living found in the ancient Hebrew book of Ecclesiastes and to illustrate the ancient book`s unapologetic manner of explaining virtually "a time for every thing". The chosen subject matter helps us recognize that a successful life is usually demonstrated best by one`s ability to balance the commonplace."Right. Now I do know that the oratorio is, despite musical similarities to opera, is strictly a concert piece which usually deals strictly with sacred subjects, which made it appropriate for performance in the church, especially during its peak in 17th century Italy. Although fans of Handels "Messiah" may think differently. But it might explain why this 21st century oratorio hits all the spiritual notes you could possibly want in an elegant, stylish, stirring and thoughtful manner.
Lee Johnson wrote Dead Symphony No 6 after being approached by Mike Adams in the wake of Jerry Garcia's death. Being new to the music may have been a bonus for Johnson: his fresh ears have gone to the most beguiling melodies and adventurous harmonies from the vast and innovative Grateful Dead repertoire and welded them into a coherent symphony, using a dash of improvisation and playful references to Funiculi Funicula (a favourite Dead throwaway to confirm they were finally in tune at the start of concerts).This is a far cry from the light weight orchestral treatments of pop that have blighted our ears so often. Rather, this is the real deal: a serious piece of music that succeeds admirably. The songs that have beeen incorporated into the movements of the symphony include some of the finest in the canon: Stella Blue, China Doll, To Lay Me Down, St Stephen, Blues for Allah, Mountains of the Moon, Sugar Magnolia, If I Had the World to Give, Bird Song and Here Comes Sunshine.Johnson conducts the Russian National Orchestra himself on this fine recording.
This recording was originally issued in 1958.  It was a novel and groundbreaking recording at the time and deserves great respect, but as a listening experience it hasn't worn that well, particularly in comparison to some superb modern recordings of Byrd's consort music and songs.Russell Oberlin was a fine countertenor and sings these songs with admirable poise and feeling.  He uses a good deal of vibrato which was fashionable in the 50s but to a modern ear sounds out of place.  It may not be "incorrect" (who knows?) but to me doesn't sound right with a viol consort.  The viols, too, are technically well played but the interpretations have a slightly lightweight, jolly children's dance feel about them, and they lack the depth and resonance of sound which the best modern consorts produce.  This may be partly the recording quality, which isn't bad and has been well transferred to digital but feels a bit tinny.For me this is an interesting insight into past performance practice and a recording to be respected rather than enjoyed.  I'm glad I have it and others may find it interesting too, but for sheer pleasure in the music I would recommend two other fantastic recordings: Robin Blaze and Concordia for the songsByrd: Consort Songsand Phantasm for the viol piecesWilliam Byrd Complete Consort Music (SACD/CD - plays on all CD players).
I can recommend this album solely for the Improvisations Sur Les Themes Des Noels: Celebrons La Naissance Nostri Salvatoris & Salut Rose Vermeille which is 11 minutes long.  The section with oboe & organ combination is one of the most effective, exotic and beautiful sounds of any instrument paired with an organ I have ever heard.  The soprano voice of Ekaterina Fedorova is wonderful.  This is a most unusual album and should be in everyone's collection.
Is Gould still thought to be some species of eccentric? He has never struck me that way, at least as a musician. Where he was certainly unusual was in being willing to experiment in his interpretations, and this particular `Emperor' gives us a few examples of what he was liable to do when he felt like it. The famous opening flourishes are not flourishes at all here, but are picked over slowly as if Gould were improvising. Add to that some trills that are not my idea of trills either, just plain semiquavers, and we have come to the end of a very short list of features that might be characterised as definitely non-standard. The basic speeds adopted in the first and last movements are certainly on the slow side too, but without having checked I seem to recall that Rubinstein used to take the first movement at a rather similar pace, and plenty of soloists (Ashkenazy comes to mind) are moderato-merchants in the finale.It's not exactly the outer limits, so one issue we need to decide for ourselves is how well we like the way Gould (with Stokowski - let's not be forgetting him) handles what is for the most part quite a normal approach to the concerto. The other is, of course, the question of the special features, and so far as I am concerned they make an interesting change but nothing I would want to see adopted more widely. Indeed I should be surprised if Gould himself standardised them even for his own performances. I was careful a moment ago to talk about `basic' speeds in the outer movements, because there is a fair amount of rise and fall in the pulse, sometimes seeming to originate with the soloist but more often with the conductor, as if he were reminding young Mr Gould, in a very nice way, not to lose the basic thread. In fact between them they handle this matter rather attractively, as if they were comfortable with each other, giving a pleasant impression of spontaneity.However the impression that I most want to emphasise is the feeling of `quality' about the whole event. Give or take anyone's view regarding Gould's interpretation of this (or any) classic, he was a player among players of the piano. He was no great enthusiast for Beethoven, but one feature of Beethoven's style that is completely unique is what Tovey calls `the peculiar brilliance of Beethoven's irregular runs', and I'm not sure I ever heard this feature make as much impact as it makes in Gould's hands here. Just listen to some of the famous chromatic scales in the first movement, and to one or two pieces of similar phrasing in the finale, and I'm sure you will hear quite clearly what I mean. Again, for sheer professionalism it would be hard to beat the precision with which Gould dovetails his phrasing into the orchestral entries. Another A++ goes to the two magnificent passages in the first movement where triplet semiquavers in the right hand are played against a powerful descending sequence of staccato triplet quavers in the left. Gould can mount the podium along with Serkin and Michelangeli for his triumphant despatch of this rhythmic challenge, without the sense of nervousness that afflicts many performers, and no wonder.Quality is not the soloist's sole prerogative either. We have a great conductor here, and obviously a fine orchestra, whoever `The American Symphony Orchestra' were in real life. First impressions count, and this recording captures that unique first chord as few can have done in 1966. It is completely unmistakable, is it not? Try to get your musical friends to reproduce it on the piano and/or account for its special sound, and see how many know that there is no B flat in it. As usual in the 60's and 70's the solo is recorded too close to the microphone, but taking that as read I found a remarkably rich and strong orchestral sound, the confidence of the players answering the fighting spirit of the composer as he struggled to save the remnants of his hearing in 1809. Taking the entire ensemble as one, you may well find on this disc the most beautiful account of the slow movement that you have ever heard.There is what might, I suppose, be called a liner note, but it is only the sleeve note from the original LP photoreduced to fit a cd and consequently in micro-print. What it says I can't tell you, because although my eyesight remains surprisingly good for my age, this note begins `When Ludwig van Beethoven...', and that was as far as I would have wanted to read in any typeface. However I am not through with Mr Gould and the Emperor Concerto, because I have just learned that there is another account by him this time partnered by Krips and the Buffalo S O. Rumour has it that this performance is of a very different nature, so, if you have been, thanks for listening this far, and I shall be back with news of how the alternative strikes me.
Well, what did you expect? It is Glenn Gould, not, say, Wilhelm Kempff or Murray Perahia. So you get probably the most eccentric reading of the Emperor ever (I haven't heard them all, but...). You get, of course, the (in)famous Gould humming. You get the opening cadenza played so slow you'd think Gould was practicing his scales to warm up. You get broad, even slow tempos in all three movements that will not surprise those who know Gould's famous 1962 live concert of Brahms' First with Bernstein, opening with an introductory and apologetic speech from the conductor explaining that he did NOT agree with the tempo asked by his soloist (Brahms: Piano Concerto No. 1); in fact, other than the first movement by Klemperer, these are the slowest readings I've ever heard. You get trills that are played not like trills but like the previous sixteenth-notes (e.g. very slow) - that Gould knows what a trill is and can play them, or play his passage work at tempo (e.g. fast) and with delicacy, is shown in other spots. You get an infallible clarity of articulation, and a left-hand that's never allowed to be covered, but hardly any "chiaroscuro". You get a second movement that is very "adagio" indeed and not even "un poco" "mosso", with moments of fine restraint and dreaminess but also a bit mechanical at times in its spurting of sixteenth-notes. You get a finale that sounds like one of those Beethoven Minuettos conducted by Furtw&auml;ngler or Klemperer: vigorous (with a pounding Gould, disregarding all Beethoven's p indications) but trudging, one partly (but only partly) compensating for the other.I've listened closely and I've detected no inconsistency whatsoever between the approach of pianist and conductor. From Stokowski you get a reading that's not without vigor, but that's very lazy in the impression elicited by the rather sluggish tempos and some mellow accenting, and you also get Stokowski's typically lush string tone, even over-ripe in the second movement, likening it to a Mahler adagio almost. You also get great 1966 sonics, with vivid presence and every orchestral strand clearly delineated.This is for the fans of the performers, and of eccentricity (I am both). The number of stars given to it is only a pointer to how much I value eccentricity: I could have given one ("Mr Gould seems to revel in self-conceit rather than to value the honest service of the composer"), or two ("a version that illuminates Gould's eccentricities rather than Beethoven's composition"), or three ("both the value and the limitation of this version is precisely its very eccentricity") just as well. But for a "fairer" rendition of Beethoven's Emperor, go anywhere else (like another Columbia recording from that era, Serkin and Bernstein from 1962,Bernstein Century - Beethoven: Piano Concertos No. 3 and 5 / New York Philharmonic).The liner notes of those of the original LP, and although reproduced now in very small type, they are very informative on the work's inception. Strangely, there is, at the bottom righ (back cover of the folding booklet), a small blank square that cuts the right side of the last phrase. Those "original jacket collection"-type reissues may have a nostalgic appeal, but they are disadvantageous in one respect: TT is an LP-originated, short 42:35.
This recording was criticized when it first came out, for Gould's eccentricities of interpretation and an accompaniment by Stokowski that was less stellar than some thought it could be.  The intervening years, and the passing of both Gould and Stokowski has softened the criticism--they were both highly individual artists with something to say, and this collaboration, while imperfect, is well worth hearing.The sound quality of this CD issue is very good.  Producer Andrew Kazdin went for a close, detailed sound pickup which the CD reproduces considerably better than the original LP issue did.  My only complaint is the packaging--the original liner notes for the album are reproduced in miniscule type that most will need to read with a magnifying glass, and only the bare minimum of additional information is supplied.  Fortunately, that has no effect on the musical performance.
I have always been a Beethoven fan and love his music.  I am not a musician, but I do enjoy good music.I bought this CD because "The Emperor Concerto" was mentioned prominently in Mary Doria Russell's book "Doc", and I wanted to hear the piece.  In the novel Russell portrays Doc Holliday playing this piece.  If he truly did play "The Emperor Concerto", he was quite an accomplished pianist.
I have to disagree with the rather dismissive comments by the other reviewer.  I found this music to be worthwhile to listen to and the performances to be excellent.Yes, I am happy to admit that I do very much like Schumann and thus also enjoy Schumanesque music - and this music admittedly is certainly that rather more than it is 'Straussian'.  But also I ardently enjoy all of Strausses music and so it is very interesting to hear his early pieces and thus come to a greater appreciation of his development - especially since once his personal style had developed (to an astonishingly rapid extent by as early as Op.20) it did not seem to develop much further, even though he lived so long and wrote so much (how many people know his 'Couperin Suite' for example? - and I regard these early piano pieces far above that much later one!).
"Emblems" is a fine album from the United States Marine Band, featuring beautiful symphonic band music. The piece "Symphony for Band" by Vincent Persichetti is especially wonderful, and the title piece "Emblems" by Aaron Copland is another favorite. If you're looking for some good, classical music from great composers, this is the album for you!
This is lovely Romantic music.  Written as the era came into its full flowering, Marx revels in the gorgeousness of his harmonies, employing thick chords throughout the piano part, with an orchestra in continual motion behind every sweeping gesture.The orchestra and soloist on this recording are well-balanced and thorough in their approach.  These are those rare musical offerings that work both as serious dramatic works to be contemplated separate from all other activity (while exploring nature or sitting in the concert hall), or to be played in the background while working or at a social gathering.  Beautiful music beautifully played.
Chopin's Prelude Op. 28 No. 15 (Raindrop) is in D-Flat Major. There is no standard key signature D-Sharp Major, as it would require double sharps.
I have a vague, but fond, memory of the 1959 Beecham recording of the "Symphonie fantastique," and I decided to download this inexpensive version of it to have it for keeps. But, I hesitate to disappoint: this is NOT the recording in question.For one thing, it is an excellent recording, made in a large hall with a pleasant acoustic, a recording much more of the 21st century sonically. I have several other EMI recordings of the late-50s era, and I know they didn't sound this good, nor can our present audio techniques make them sound this good. It's also a good performance, by the way (if you don't care that you don't know who is performing, you'll get your money's worth). But, being anal about these things, I'm dying to know who's performing, who's conducting, and why did the Beecham/French National Radio Orchestra get the credit?To be fair, nowhere on the jacket is the name of the performers listed; for all I can tell, they could be anyone. I think it's probably an American orchestra, judging from the woodwind sound, but I'm not sure. Anybody know?
Hiss throughout, yet still a good performance.  Come on, for .99 for the Beethoven complete 5th Symphony, it's not a rip-off at all.  I am listening to that piece right now.  The hissing sounds similar to a record playing.  However, I don't really notice it when there is enough of a volume level on the orchestra.  I would recommend this for the Beethoven piece, of course.  I haven't yet gotten the Mozart # 40 from this orchestra recording, but the Beethoven 5th is a nice piece for your library, even with this recording, it's very well played and the hiss doesn't detract a lot, some.  Get the one track if you like, it's worth it.
The Colorado bias is obvious here but for good reason. There must be something in the water up there! Effinger and Berger are perfect bookends on this record with the Thomson ALLELUIA smack-dab in the middle. The Schlenker Kyrie setting is delicate and seems challenging for the choir but the end result is mesmerizing. Kreuger's setting of the Lamentations of Jeremiah keeps true with the chant tone in the top voice with some very nice harmonies underneath. It reminded me of some of Paul Christiansen's liturgical settings. The performances of all this marvelous choral music were admirable but at times I found the soprano voices (one in particular perhaps) a bit strident and the vowels were a bit too spread and the tone a bit thin and nasal for my taste - a typically American vocal production, I know, but maybe something that American choruses could improve upon in general. My ear goes first to that soprano sound and if it is not immediately engaging and alluring and round and well, just beautiful, I get annoyed. The saving grace here is the recording venue, which seems to have softened the timbres and brought this group of singers together in a way in which venues are meant to do. A drier acoustic might not have been good. I am enjoying getting to know Effinger as I had not known of him until my purchase of this recording. The performances of the Pastorales are generally good but the language is notey at times and at times I don't get the full effect of Ferril's marvelous poetry. The thing that surprised me the most was the performances of the ALLELUIA of Randall Thomson and the ubiquitous The Eyes Of All of Jean Berger. I found them to be of less interest and they seemed challenging for the choir, as if they had been scheduled at the END of a long day of recording. I am probably wrong about that but these two performances were somewhat of a let-down. I give this recording 4 stars because I can overlook the choral infelicities and appreciate some wonderful music which is a welcome diversion from the usual tired Lauridsen/Whitacre ear-candy fare. This recording represents the REAL stuff of good choral music and I am grateful for its existence.
Good music, however I wish the individual tracks were slightly longer.I wish there was a way of knowing how long each track is before purchasing.
i bought this album on the basis of the same group's album &#34;Promenade&#34;.  I'm not entirely sure if my lesser enthusiasm for the Scarlatti, Haendel, Boccherini, etc. is the performance, or excessive post-performance manipulation.  I suspect my biggest problem is that it's not as good as &#34;Promenade&#34;.  The presence of such dangerous modernists as Boccherini, Brahms and Granados is also very alarming.
Rite, is, of course, one of the major works of the 20th Century. It is big, loud and awe-inspiring. This interpretation does justice to the original; the arrangers recognized that the work would not be the same on a single piano, or even 2. The use of 4 pianos was a masterstroke; it really works. This was purchased for Rite, but the performance of  Jeux (which was probably added to fill up the CD) is also a pleasure to listen to.
This is really the best recording I have been able to find after looking around quite a bit.Unfortunately, someone in the room, or perhaps Sir Davis God forbid, was talking during the recording and you can hear a faint mumbling of the lines during arias and humming during orchestral sections.
For a work this well known, this performance is very well done. Both the soloists and choir's efforts were equally well presented. This shows the talent of the Conductor.
MP3 does not match a digital CD with all channels active but for the price this is a very enjoyable version.  I am not a trained musician but I enjoy what I enjoy splitting my time between "classical" music in all its forms (other than strictly atonal pieces) and traditional American and world music - - contemporary music, not so much.  This was excellent additional to my mobile music library.  Why not 5 starts?  I am not qualified to award the highest rating.
Jordi Savall and Hesp&egrave;rion XXI are foremost among the interpreters of Spanish, French, Italian and other schools of Early Music, and I love the ensemble. They are also interpreters of Turkish and Middle Eastern music. I am a church musician and wish we did more Rensaissance motetsWe have several Jordi Savall/Hesp&egrave;rion XXI CDs already and look forward to their concert this June at the Boston Early Music Festival. Ludi Musici is a beautiful anthology of &#8220;world&#8221; Early Music. I have only had this recording for a week and have practically worn it out playing it. A definite recommend.
I remember having Sir Malcolm Sargent's early 1960s recording of "Messiah" in a red "Quintessence" LP box in the late 70s, so it was a joy to find a downloadable version here. If you know "Messiah" in the Christopher Hogwood authentic school tradition, be warned that this is not anything like that kind of performance; Sir Malcolm's idea of this oratorio comes from the Victorian "bigger is better" school of thinking, and next to him Mozart's arrangement seems positively restrained. The added stratospheric soaring of the violins in "And he shall purify" will certainly grate on some, for example. I would not encourage anyone to make this their first experience with "Messiah," but for those who know and love the work already, and who like me are fascinated by how it was heard and performed at different historical periods, Sargent's take, while clearly anachronistic, offers a great deal of pleasure.
Rico Saccani is one of my favorite conductors.  His performance of the Sibelius is outstanding in every way.  It is passionate, vital, extremely well played.  It is a joy to listen to.  Unfortunately, the Nielsen is pretty much the exact opposite.  It is poorly played and has zero vitality.  Both are live performances but the Nielsen sounds pretty dead to my ears.  Download the Sibelius, only.
(This collection is available on cd. It is the cd that I own and that forms the basis of this review).The three recordings forming this issue were made just before, during and just after WWII. The recorded quality is perfectly acceptable to me, but it rules out a 5-star rating. The actual readings all strike me as being of 5-star quality, but I doubt that anyone looking for the recording to end all recordings of any of these pieces would go back to the 1940's to find it except in the most exceptional case, and none of these performances quite amounts to that. Purchasers of this issue are going to want it specifically to hear the works played by Claudio Arrau, but I am not among its purchasers. I was given it as a gift, one that I greatly appreciate but also one that makes me think about Arrau and where he fits in the pantheon of great 20th century pianists. Asked what criticisms I have of his work, I might have difficulty in thinking of any. He ticks every box one would want ticked, but somehow he has never aroused me to enormous interest or excitement. Asked to name a piece that I would prefer to hear done by him than by anyone else, I might have difficulty in thinking of that either. Any number of performances by him would get on to a short list of finalists if I were to compile such a thing, but I would struggle to award him any runaway victory anywhere. One interesting remark that I heard recently was that he was in the shadow of Serkin, and I wonder whether that explains my opinion. Arrau's life `bracketed' Serkin's. They were both born in 1903, Arrau the earlier; and they both died in 1991, Arrau the later. It is probably true that Serkin cut a bigger figure - I first heard Arrau when he played with the Scottish National Orchestra in the 50's and Serkin would have been out of their reach then. However the two don't seem to me to compete except here and there where their repertories coincided, and Arrau's repertory was certainly much more comprehensive than Serkin's. Despite that, if I go back to my question - in which works would Serkin be my first choice as the interpreter, I could rhyme off a great string of them without needing to think very hard. How widespread is this impression of Arrau? I don't know, of course, but I can never recall that he evoked wild enthusiasm, only measured praise.So how about the three works here? Unless you are a stickler for modern sound-quality you ought to enjoy these performances thoroughly, as I have just done. First on the disc is Strauss's Burleske, and the other two performances that I own of that are by Gulda (on a 2-disc Decca set of Strauss's solo concertos) and -  wouldn't you know? - Serkin. My cd version of the latter comes with his terrific 1960 performance of the Brahms B flat concerto. The 1946 recording for Arrau is not as good as those provided for the others, but his performance might actually be my own favourite. Serkin is in hyperdrive  as he often is, but his playing is a bit `sculpted' for Strauss. Even in early Strauss like this I like at least a slight suggestion of decadence, and the stakhanovite Serkin is not the guy to go to for that. Both the others give that suggestion better, and there is just a bit more sheer quality in Arrau's touch and rhythm than in Gulda's.In the Schumann concerto I own a modest range of comparative versions, none of them recent but none of them bad either. I also heard very recently on the BBC a detailed and lengthy programme comparing versions of this popular and much-recorded concerto, and of my own collection (Backhaus, Cherkassky, Serkin, Richter, Lipatti, Michelangeli) the only one to make the short list was - (believe me, I didn't plan this) - Serkin, endearingly characterised as `the bank clerk from heaven'. Serkin deserved to be singled out, but a quite different approach is by Cherkassky, and I am still bewitched by his wonderful account, beautifully partnered by Boult and the LPO although I'm not certain whether it has been transferred to cd. Cherkassky was a one-off, but if you didn't know that he could do the aristocratic bit with marvellous subtlety of touch rhythm and tempo then this is the performance that will teach you otherwise, as it taught me. Arrau? I actually heard him play the work live, in London c 1970. I was struck then by the beauty of the performance, and this recorded version strikes me the same way, Indeed it has many of the qualities I like so much in Cherkassky, although C has the more recent and better sound.In Carnaval, happily, Serkin is out of the picture. My other versions are by Rachmaninov (a bit too historic for comparison), two accounts, surprisingly dissimilar, from Michelangeli, and one from Cziffra that you can find in the 8-disc Introuvables de Cziffra set. The Michelangeli performance that you want is the live one in London. His studio recording can almost be ruled out because of the eccentrically slow speeds in the earlier numbers, were it not for the most wonderful playing of Reconnaissance that you will ever hear. As for Cziffra, if you have read anything to the effect that he was some wild and wilful virtuoso who could drive audiences to Bacchic frenzies with his Liszt but who turned the standard classics into something of his own, be aware that the latter proposition is absolute drivel. Indeed, Cziffra's playing of Beethoven or Schumann is a model of orthodoxy, and his playing of Carnaval is a serious contender. So is Arrau's but of course the sound is vintage 1939.The decision looks simple - do you want a historic set from Arrau or not?
Zoe Keating's musical stylings are original and very nice to listen to.  Although it seems like the genre could possibly be too repetitive, each track manages to stand on its own.
In Hindi, but a wonderful story, of love, marriage, hope and frustration. If you love India you will enjoy this movie.
One of the surprises of 2003 as a reviewer was the first exposure to the piano work of Brian Crain and his graceful release Sienna. With a total of nine available albums to his name it appeared that now was a good time to reflect on his catalog. Rather than just cut and paste the compilation together, Crain decided to re-record his compositions and add a string quartet along with some very nominal percussion embellishments.The album clocks in close to one hour with a total of 17 tracks with the lion share spotlighting the most recent recording Sienna with a total of six tracks. Considering the previous work of Sienna all the tracks representing this album are a wonderful addition here. To avoid replication the Brian Crain Live is not represented and nor is the thematic A Traditional Christmas. Oddly enough, the same is said for A Change of Seasons and Morning Light. But to counteract that oversight the compilation features the tracks "Sunrise" and "Gentle Rain" that were previously featured on the now out of print album A Light In The Trees. In fact "Sunrise" is strong enough to open the album and if this reflects the overall quality of A Light In The Trees then perhaps a revisit to the "print room" may be in line to make this album available once more.Meanwhile, the remaining albums are given equal billing with an emphasis of the strings being found on the passionate tracks "Moonrise", "Flight of the Eagle", "White Dove" and the fluid finale "Fly Away". But then again this is just indicative of most of Crain's compositional talents one that in general has been mysteriously overlooked by the music industry to date.This album is not only a wonderful addition to Crain's long term fans but it is also an excellent introduction for newcomers to check out this palatable piano man. While Crain's keyboard embellished string arrangements have always been warm; the classy and cozy use of a string quartet only intensifies the beauty of Crain's compositions. Based on the evidence here, this an avenue that should be seriously continued.
Good recording but not the greatest recording I've heard of the Pathetique symphony.  Maybe it's lack of excellence was the result of the Mp3 compression.  The CD disk version is probably flawless.
Even if not all the music here is very distinguished, Chandos has made some clever moves in putting together the programme (though I suppose choice was at least a little restricted due to the rather unusual combination of oboe, viola and piano), for the variegated styles and approaches to the medium make for a rather absorbing and nicely contrasted hour of listening. None of these works are likely to be familiar to the casual listener, but all of them are at least attractive enough - if not exactly masterpieces, the Hindemith apart - and receive committed advocacy from de Vries, Guittart and Janssen.Robert Kahn (1865-1951) isn't very well represented in the catalogue, but based on this sunny, charming Serenade his rather large output of, in particular, chamber music might be well worth exploring further. August Klughardt (1847-1902) at least has a disc of orchestral music to himself from Sterling - which I haven't heard - but his Schilflieder, based on Lenau poems belong to a rather anonymous, although somewhat appealing, German Romanticism; expressive enough and skillfully written but not particularly memorable. The best is the sad third movement, skillfully developed and nicely laid out for the instrumental combination.Loeffler's two rhapsodies, based on Rollinat poems, are slightly more personal in idiom, consisting of a simple and poignant first rhapsody, `The Pond' and a more dramatic 'The Pipes'. Both cleverly exploits the textural possibilities of the instrumental combination and are imaginatively written.But the Hindemith trio (for heckelphone, viola and piano) stands head and shoulders above the rest. This is Hindemith as his best; inventive, beautiful and personal, slightly dry but profoundly imaginative. The first part is in three (continuous) sections and the second consists of four short movements. Obviously Hindemith understood the instruments he was writing for very well, for the timbres and textures and potential emotional ranges are masterly exploited in a contrapuntal style, culminating in a wild prestissimo.The trio plays all works excellently (though there are one or two somewhat unkempt tones); well-phrased and with thorough understanding of the various idioms. Perhaps a somewhat less restrained approach could be wished for in some of the pieces, but the music is generally well-characterized and thoroughly enjoyably rendered. Sound quality is up to the usual Chandos standards.
I have tons of organ recordings and to buy something else, still more of the same, was unusual.  I had never heard the Liverpool Cathedral instrument and was intrigued.  Tracey does know this huge instrument and its space.  I found his performance of the Grande Piece Symphonique of Franck to be especially pleasing.  I was lucky enough to hear Dupre play this piece at Ste. Sulpice and nothing equalled that experience, however Tracey does do a very excellent job with this and all on the CD.  I'm happy I bought it.
I like the baroque classical and this collection is fine. It does not have more Allegro music as I wanted but sure is beautiful music.
Another Frenchman, like d'Indy, who follows in the Germanic tradition, as evidenced by the rich and complex harmonies.  Chausson is a wonderfully Romantic composer, whose works are reminiscent of Scriabin.  If you like one, you'll definitely like the other.You will also like this recording.  There's quite a lot of reverberation, but not too much.  If you prefer this sort of resonance over what many modern music halls provide (like me), you'll be more than satisfied.  The orchestra delves into this rich sonority with heart and warmth.  Great music making from conception to performance.  I give it a high recommendation for lovers of late Romanticism.
Sullivan's early music may not be quite as tuneful to some when compared to that inspired by WS Gilbert's prose, but I enjoyed it all the same. In Memoriam does ramble from theme to theme, but they are all gems and Sullivan tastefully returns to the initial theme for its coda. Perhaps a young composer can be given a little latitude for being a bit showy when he is trying to get established. The people of his day thought of him as a promising composer after writing his Opus 1, The Tempest, and it fits well in the spirit of that era.
And if you don't know what that's in reference to, or if you're not yet that familiar with Ginastera, prepare yourself for the wild, frenetic ending of the Estancia Suite!This is foot-stomping, rhythmically relentless orchestral fare.  Ginastera drives the music like an unstoppable machine.  Modern Spanish composers like Turina and de Falla tend to focus more on the melodic and harmonic aspects of the music.  With Ginastera, you have an entirely different conception and application of Latin sound.  Perhaps the difference is the influence from South America rather than Spain.However you look at it, Castagna takes the Berlin Symphony through their paces on this CD.  He's not afraid to let the percussion take over, nor does he hold back much with Ginastera's bold, blended harmonies.  The reverberation in the hall sends the louder passages into the rafters.  This is great music-making.Be aware, however, that the tracks for "Glosses sobre temes de Pau Casals" do not play gapless in iTunes if downloaded. You will need to buy and burn the CD in order to achieve gapless playback.
Again I buy all our classical music from Amizon.  Regardless of what classical music I am looking for Amizon always has several recording from which I can choose.  Have never been disappointed in any selection.
I love these pieces.  I grew up listening to them and I'm so happy to finally own it to listen to again.  These are fine performances, by wind band, which may be the type of ensemble Grainger intended to play them.  I'm not sure.  But I do know that I don't really love hearing them played by regular band.  I recommend this music and this recording to anyone who loves English and Irish folk music, or is looking for some great classical music with a (slightly) modern edge.  This isn't Ives, but maybe more like Copland.
The recorded quality and the playing quality are very good and I found the whole performance quite enjoyable.  However I am disappointed that there is no information about who composed which piece of music.  That information would be especially helpful for classical music.
I believe the Switched on Bach and Switched on Classics pieces show more passion and love of the music craft. It is much more from "the heart" and it shows.Excellent and delightful nourishment for the soul.- Mike Peralta
The album features the music and arrangements of the late Larry Dalton, a gifted Pentecostal musician. I especially enjoyed the festival choir numbers. Be aware it is a recording of a live concert, so it contains the coughs, the baby cries, and other noises one would expect.
I discovered this album of symphonic works by Hidayat Inayat-Khan while rummaging around the bargain bins on Amazon's MP3 website. After doing some background reading on the composer I bought the album, and I have not been disappointed.The composer's background really piqued my interest. Raised in France in a Muslim family in the Sufi tradition, he began his musical training in traditional Indian music but switched to the violin when he was a youngster bowled over by his first orchestral concert. He went on to play in Holland's Orchestra of Haarlem. He is actually better known as an author and speaker on Sufism as the Representative General of the International Sufi Movement, an organization founded by his father.The collection starts with the "Message Symphony", where the "message" is love. It has five movements, according to a PDF booklet on Inayit-Khan's website explaining his works:1. Mysterious pilgrimage in the sacred worlds of esotericism2. Praise to the sources of the elements in nature3. We greet each other in true Brother- and Sisterhood4. ... to soothe body, heart and soul5. That which resounds henceforth in the Temple of all religionsGrand themes, certainly. The approach is modern, including plenty of dissonances that I didn't immediately associate with a religious theme. The scale and instrumentation are ambitious, featuring full orchestra and organ. I'm not going to claim that the titles of the movements were self-evident from the music, but it certainly held my interest."La Monotonia", my favorite on the set and a five-star work, is a piece for string orchestra (a free-standing work as Op. 13, but also the 3rd movement of Inayit-Khan's Concerto for String orchestra, Op. 48) that starts with a "call to prayer" as the A section and continues into the prayer itself as the B section -- which is said to stick "all the way through to the monotonous formula of the Indian raga Bhairavi where no harmonic modulation prevails." If you understand what that means, hats off to you -- perhaps you can explain it to me. I was still impressed by the work despite my ignorance of the structure of the Bhairavi raga.The Virginia Symphony is a semi-humorous work that includes modern, dissonant, skewed takes on popular favorites: Shenandoah, Sourwood Mountain, Old Black Joe, Turkey in the Straw, Carry Me Back to old Virginia, In the Blue Ridge Mountains of Virginia, John Brown's Body and Dixie. The tunes were often, but not necessarily always recognizable to me, but I'm not sure I know all the originals.The Zikar Symphony is a musical presentation of the Sufi practice of Zikar (more commonly Dhikr), the meditative recitation of the "names of God" in Islam. Again, I'm not saying this necessarily came across clearly for me in the music, which varies from gentle to grand -- again including an organ in the instrumentation.The Ghandi Symphony is one of Inayat-Khan's most performed works. The connection to Ghandi is that it was composed for a UNESCO concert commemorating the centenary of Ghandi's birth. The work is intended as a Suite of Sacred Hindu Dances, and is based on Indian ragas subected to western-style orchestral development.Overall these works get high marks for innovation, enjoyability and their general part of the discussion to bridge east-west divides. That being said, I found less here to really enlighten and broaden my world view than I had hoped. Also, it is a bit irritating that orchestra and conductor information is not available, even on Mr. Inayat-Khan's website.These are solid rather than seminal works, but are warmly recommended for those interested in cross-cultural classical music.
02-19-2014  I had already reviewed this Pathetiqu a few days ago, but shunned it for a lack of power and effect.  Having realized, afterwords, that I had the volume too low, I wanted to re-visit this work, so here goes.  The Symphgony #6 in b-minor, dates from around 1895 or so, and was the composer's final large orchestral piece.  A few days after it's premiere, in St. Petersberg, Tchaikovsky, according to the old story, drank a glass of unboiled water, contracted Cholera, and soon died.  However, in light of the political-social "thaw" in the late 1980s and early 90's, initiated by missers Gorechov and Ronald Regan, new stories came to the fore.  It seems that htr ecom[oser had conducted a homosexual relationship with a minor young nobleman, from Tsar Nicholas's family, and, had it come to the press, it would be the sourse of great embaRASSMENT.  SO, HE WAS "ORDERED" TO TAKE  CYANIDEAND END HIS LIFE.  TRAGIC, BUT I BELIEVE THIS TO BE TRUE.  A SAD DEMISE FOR A SAD MAN, STEEPED IN MELANCHOLEY, SELF-DOUBT AND THE MADNESS OF HIS SEXUAL PREFRENCES.  YET, PITOR ILYICH WAS ALSO AN IMMENSLY GIFTED COMPOSERS AND IT PERHAPS THE TYPICAL RUSSIAN'S FAVORITE MUSICAL SON.  Bow, for the recording.The opening movement runs an epic 17:30 with Abbado leading the terrific Chicago Symphony, of which he was Principal Guest conductor a good decade before.  This charming, GENTL maestro coaxes every nuance from the orchestra with Claity and effectiveness.  One of music's greatest development sections, this one is really splendid.  The balance of the brass and the strings is impressive as we can hear Abbado building to the climax with much excitement and drama.  When we hit the peak, the grief of the earler music turns into a massive cathrsis and a purging of the tension.  As we recover, the return to that gorgeous melody is naturasl and makes a gret deal of sense, as the Maestro takes us back to the rapturous cantabile that peceded this core of the movement.  Very well done, indeed!the 2nd movement is that Allegro grazia, and used to be a part I lost interest in, but hearing it done by the ZSan Jose Symphony in the later 90's refreshed my memory of what it was that intriged me so mch.  I begasn listening to this gret Symphony more and more, noting each time, how well constructed it really was.  This grazia flows along with tenderness and a sort of dreaminess I had under appreciated for many years.  Now, it almost seemed as a new work I was discovering, due in large part, to the treading of the basses like a heart beat in this 2nd movement.The 3rd part, the Scherzo, is marked Allegro molto vivace and is a real blast of Orchestral sound.  The building up here is even better than in the opening movement, with the incomprable CSO brass section playignat or near their finest.  At just over 9 mionutes, this quick vivace is so packed with energy, it takes a real pro to contain it and not let it loose too early.  The conductor's timings are perfect and pecise.  Abbado's dynamic range here is wide and sensational, due to the wide and deep Columbia soundstage.  As the momentum and energy crest, the release comes with spectacul;ar success and brilliant playing all around.  I can hear NO underling, No excessive exclaimation marks and nothing but the natural balance built into the scorethis movement often is greeted by the audience intrttuptying with a short smattering of applause, but That is NOT what the maestro had in mind, though it would be both easy and justified.  Still, Abbado pushes on with the tragic grieving found in the ZFinale, marked Adagio lamentoso: Andante.  My lone grioe here, is the pause between the 3rd's cdonclusion and the 4th's entrence.  It is too long, and I much pefer a reat of only 1 to 3 seconds, emphasizing the relentless nature of the composer's isolatrion and sorrow.  Much of the appeal of this Pathetique lies in the inability of it's author to find as safe heaven from the world, and with a very brief few moments of silence enable us to pisture Tchaikovsky fleeing to his room, to secape his madness, but, of course to no avail.  Giulkini takes over 11 minutes to play out this final death-laden act.  Still, Abbado understands the mood of this part of the Symphony.  Aroiund trhe 07:30 point, we once again, get the treading funerial passage with the treafing of the basses carrying the weight of this stricken music, and the whole work descends into the final moments, ending in a hush that speaks volumes about the composer and his world.  ZMoving, touching and deeply personal, this entire Symphony gets a very well deserved 4.75 star rating from this reviewer.  Mext to Giulkini, this is a valuable and vital rfeading and a high recommendation from your's truly.  WOW!!the filler on this Columbia CD is the old "war-horse, the Marche Slav getsd another fine rendition with rock steady tmpi and splendid musicianship.  Written in ____, and in trio form, this ABA movementcontains the "Slavic ' message. .The middle "B" portion begins at about the 03:48 point and offers a contrasing section of lighter fare, bubbly in it's rhythms.  When the second "A" section re-enters it is in the major and it leads us to the triumphant closing, celebrating the Slavis victory concept.  Abbado dcashes to a bright forte ending and effectively caps off a very good CD of Tchaikovsky album.  The oversall rating suffers not in the leasdt with this fairly good composition at the tail of this release by Columbia, and I stand by my original 4.75 styar rating.  A fine entry into your library and it should provisde you much listening pleasure for sdeveral yearss, so, God bless you all, andf happy lisstening as well.  With warmest regards, Tony.
These Mozart recordings date from relatively early in Serkin's Columbia years: the 23rd concerto from 1955, the 27th from 1957. The mono sound is remarkably good with the piano front and center, but not overly so. Serkin turns in a beautiful performance of the 23rd concerto, with just the right balance of brio and poetry. While the orchestra under Schneider may not sound quite as refined as listeners have come to expect from today's super-homogenized ensembles, I think it's just fine.I'm less happy with the 27th concerto, where Serkin stretches out the Larghetto to a painfully slow ten minutes. Surely, Mozart's point is made in far less time (Brendel/Marriner are not too fast at seven minutes; and Geza Anda is not too slow at eight). Serkin apparently rethought this movement, lopping off two minutes in his DGG remake. The other two movements are just right, but I wince every time I hear the Larghetto....
I've listened to ALOT of prog in my 40 years of life and a lot of it usually falls in the "that's really cool stuff that sounds like 'band a', 'band b' and 'band c'. It's not often that you hear a group that really takes their genre to the next level which really defies comparisons to other groups. So, having said that, I've got good news and bad news about Suspyre in general and this album specifically.The bad news is that this album, while very solid and an enjoyable prog/heavily classical/symphonically influenced album, is a mere shadow of what's yet to come for this band. Don't get me wrong...........this album is strong....it sounds very much like a cross between Symphony X/Kamelot in many places and The Tangent/Proto-Kaw with their use of non-traditional prog instruments like saxophones and flutes.(Heck, there's even some 'death metal-ish' type vocalizations and passages in the song so the influences abound. The good news is that their next two albums (A Great Divide and When Times Fades) are two of the absolute finest prog releases in the last 10 years and some of that brilliance can be heard in bits and pieces on this album which definitely makes this album worth owning.Bottom line : I enjoyed this album and I would definitely recommend it to any fan of prog. It has above average song-writing that's not as focused on pure technical proficiency as some bands(Thought Chamber/Dream Theater) tend to be. It is a nice blend of the melodic and the blazing riffs. There are some of their signature creative transitions/phrasing and use of innovative synth sounds throughout the album that give you an idea of how good they will become, but this album doesn't quite reach the heights their next two do.If you've never heard of Suspyre, go start withA Great DivideorWhen Time Fades, listen to those for a while. If(when) you get sucked in and end up loving the band - it takes at least 3-5 spins before you really begin to appreciate their album and how good they really are because their music is so nuanced and layered - then come back and pick this album up and enjoy more Suspyre until their upcoming album is released.
Good recording and very good artist's interpretation.The sound is a little biased towards the bass and away from treble.Whether that is in the artist's bayan, or recording, or subsequent processing, is unknown.Delivery of the CD &#34;image&#34; was flawless.
Beautifully tight, intuitive playing and a mastery of nuance make this a wonderful recording to listen to, regarding the Clarinet Trio Op. 114. Exceptional musicians playing exceptional music.I am not a fan of the C minor trio however. I almost felt that in the first two movements the notes were constantly and deliberately cut short, with the exception of the slow movement. Why play phrases in such an abrupt manner, especially Brahms? Then the last movement departs into extensive rubato. Why? It really felt as though perhaps the musicians were trying to find a new way to approach the piece but it left me feeling, personally, as if they did themselves and the music an injustice.However, overall this is a terrific album of chamber music. These players play as one, regardless of where they choose to take the interpretation it's thoroughly thought out and followed through.
I had met Scott several years ago when he did a concert here.  I liked what I heard at the concert enough that I bought one of his albums.  He had said in the concert that he was in the process of writing new material.  I saw this and decided to try it.  I like the pieces.  They have a melancholic quality about them and use dissonance at times that, to me, is unusual.  It gives them a unique quality with an intriguing effect of pulling you in with the sweet melodic part, with occasional touches of dissonance that create a bit of tension to keep it unpredictable.
Anthony Molinaro has a phenomenal grasp and expression for this genre while bringing it to new levels.  His interpretation and clever improvisations would make Gershwin proud.  I did, however, find his left hand heavy at times which covered up much of various melodies and improvisations.  I ant to give him the benefit of the doubt where it might be the sound systems have plaid it on, but it appears to be fairly consistent.  Otherwise, bravo Mr. Molinaro, you are my new hero!
This is quality orchestral music.  No question.  In my opinion, it's a bit more trailer style than song style, in length and progression, but is good nonetheless.  If you're new to this genre, I'd recommend heading over to "Invincible" by Two Steps From Hell, which is the best album of this genre (also for 8.99).
Note that only 30 of the 60 studies are included. I recommend Rachel Barton Pine's Wohlfahrt DVD. You can see samples on YouTube. I did purchase the Ji Young Um version, and would purchase the second half of the book if he recorded it.
I bought this for my son as he is practicing this book. It helped him remember the song better so he makes fewer mistakes when practicing.
Bonavita does a brilliant job of bringing new life to a chunk of the limited solo repertoire for this strange but fascinating--and, one suspects, all but unplayable--mega-lute.If you are a non-musician like me, you can think of the theorbo as a mid-voiced lute with numerous sympathetic strings and a number of long bass strings that are played in an open tuning above the standard lute strings. These have their own separate peg-box at the end of an impressive six-foot neck. The result is a big, varied sound, full of subtle arpeggios, shifting textures, and deep notes that can be harshly dramatic or glowingly vibrant. The volume of sound produced by this instrument allows it--unlike, for example, the much quieter guitar--to fill a large room easily when played alone, and to be heard effortlessly in an instrumental or vocal ensemble. Reentrant tuning gives the theorbo a brighter sound than a bass lute and creates opportunities for a distinctive theorbo fingering technique.First developed toward the end of the sixteenth century in Italy, the theorbo was primarily used as a continuo instrument, for example in early opera, but a number of composers wrote for the instrument alone (e.g. Kapsberger, Piccinini, Castaldi, de Visee, and a few others). The theorbo was ubiquitous in a variety of forms throughout the seventeenth and earlier 18th century, but by 1750 had become decidedly obsolescent, although there were professional theorbo players after that date. Fortunately, examples of the theorbo and its music survived and widespread interest in early instruments and &#34;authentic&#34; performance in recent decades have revived both the instrument and its repertoire for modern audiences.Despite the slightly esoteric character of the instrument and the age of much of its repertoire, modern listeners may detect a &#34;New Age&#34; feeling in the performances on this album.  This should not deter those who dislike the &#34;New Age&#34; phenomenon, as do I.  I like the pieces on this album very much for what I take them to be authentically, and listen to them often when in a contemplative mood.
This is a very good set of Beethovens 9 symphonies. Give a listen to the audio samples & judge for yourself but don't try to compare these to more modern 1950's to 1960's era mono recordings as the sound quality of these recordings isn't quite there yet but it's still good for it's time. However even with the minor surface noise heard here & there on the various recordings this is still a fairly nice set to listen to. I don't know who the original record label was (maybe english Columbia?) however I have the full set of Beethoven's 9 symphonies by this conductor on an early 1950's set of american Columbia LP's plus the full set of american Columbia 78's so I'll have to compare this digital download to one of those to see if they are the exact same recordings. Still, dispite it's age & the decent mono sound this is still a great set that I know I'll enjoy listening to. Hopefully you will too!!Uodate: Yes this digital download set is the exact same recordings as my 78 rpm & LP sets. Orchestras he was conducting at this time were the Royal Philharmonic Orchestra from 1927 & the Vienna Philharmonic around 1936.
This is a great recording--it's hard to beat St.Paul's for choral music of this type. But, I was dismayed to find that for $7.99, my MP3 download was only two pieces: the opening movement of each of the two masses.
Excellent work on a surprising collection of music. Try it you will like it - I need six more words to complete this review
First off...AMAZON, FIX THESE REVIEWS.  As of this posting, all you've got here are people's reviews of the Abbado/Chicago Symphony recording, which is WRONG.Now as to THIS recording, the Konstantin Ivanov one from the Soviet era, it is a big, exuberant performance done in the old Soviet style with big, booming sound, great enthusiasm, and real commitment from the orchestra.  To them this music was one of their national treasures, and they play it that way.  Much of Ivanov's recordings were done in the mono era, but this particular one is in vibrant stereo and shows off the distinctive old-world tone colors of the Russian musicians to great effect.  This is a really good-sounding MP3 file with no discernible distortion or overloading....nice and smooth sounding.  I really am enjoying it.
This is a wonderful sampler of early music similar to the Waverly Consort and the choral work of Vox Populi.  It's lush, soothing & evocative.  Thanks for the variety, Amazon!
Strange as it may seem, "Israel in Egypt" was the first Handel oratorio I heard in live performance.  (I did not see "Messiah" performed until more than a decade later, after attending live performances of other Handel oratorios and operas.)  That first "Israel" was a thrilling experience, and like most of the rest of the enthusiastic audience I found the choral singing wonderfully descriptive and rousing.  Soon afterward I purchased a decent performance (Gardiner's with the Monteverdi Choir), but it never seemed to capture anything like the crispness, clarity, and excitement of the two live performances I've now attended.  Since buying the Gardiner recording, I seldom listen to it.After attending another really wonderful performance of "Messiah" this Christmas and reflecting on the fact that I already own some marvelous "Messiah" recordings (the Higginbottom performance with Oxford's New College Choir and especially the 2006 recording by the Dunedin Consort are warmly recommended), I thought it would be nice to own a recording of "Israel" I'd actually listen to. An afternoon's listening to lengthy bits of the dozen or so MP3 versions now available led me to this first-rate Naxos recording.  The Toronto-based Aradia Ensemble was unknown to me, but its performance seemed historically well informed, its soloists fine, and its singing spirited, cleanly articulated, and often exciting.  Perhaps I was expecting too much, but many of the other performances seemed muddy or at least badly recorded.  I'm sure in some cases I would have taken away a different impression if I had caught a live performance by exactly the same forces.  The Naxos recording of the Aradia Ensemble seems to capture more of the choral excitement and clear articulation one experiences in a live performance.  And make no mistake, there are few other works by Handel in which choral singing plays a more important role.  We're still a considerable distance from the high standard set by the best "Messiah" recordings, but this performance of "Israel in Egypt" brings us closer than what was available a decade ago.
My children came from New York to visit me in Southern Utah last summer and how lucky we were to be having dessert at a local establishment when an unassuming man with a guitar took to the tiny stage in front of us and began to tune his guitar. He was accompanied by a hipster girl at the mic, the kind that wears striped socks and pigtails and makes it look cool. After a short while they were all tuned up and he began the set with "Shame". I think we all put down our forks.David has a warble in his voice that cries out in earnest and often leans its way into twang territory. He sings with abandon just like kids do and makes pitch-y a good thing. Wonderfully unpolished harmonies are threaded throughout. His songs are honest and tell stories that cause you to see slide shows in sepia inside your head.Best tracks on this album IMO:"19"ShameJosey the BuddhistEchoThere are a couple of tracks I tend to skip.From what I was told the night we met David, this album was recorded in a barn. Could be true. My love of barns just got all that much bigger.
Harp music is relaxing and soothing. Salzedo's works are most pleasant to spend time with.Yolanda Kondonassis is a talented deliverer.
Pearlman gave us the first six of the opus some years earlier, and critics and the public were kind to them. Although I have not heard the earlier set, I expect they are much the same as these, because what's not to like. The performances are lively in the outer movements and often serenely introspective in the Largos and Adagios. If anything, the contrasts may appear perhaps too pronounced, but I enjoyed the intensified effect. On period instruments we don't get quite as imposing an effect as we do with some performances on modern instruments, but Pearlman and his players are certainly graceful and refined, which helps make up for any lack of outright weightiness. Warm, resonant, mellow sound complement the performances.John J. PuccioClassical Candor
Every time one of these concertos comes up while I'm listening on Pandora, I look and see that it is Handel from this compilation,  I finally decided to purchase it.  It's lovely to listen to and different from other Handel selections that I enjoy.
I downloaded this CD in mp3 format from Amazon. I had only recently discovered the name Van Wassenaer by downloading, again from Amazon, a compilation called Big Baroque Box, Vol. II. I was amused to note that this gentleman was named in full "Unico Wilhelm van Wassenaer". You can find out about this worthy 18th century diplomat by researching for yourself in Wikipedia. The pieces I downloaded then consisted of six concertos performed by the Zurich Chamber Orchestra under Edmond de Stoutz. I think that the word concerto at that time would be the same as "konzert" -- in any event they are six orchestra pieces each in four movements, and turned out to be better than they had any right to be, coming from such a virtually unknown source. I believe that van Wassenaer was the type of gentleman who did not want his name to be particularly associated with anything so dilettante as musical composition. Two other pieces were available to me, two concertos for flute, harpsichord and orchestral accompaniment, also performed by the Zurich Chamber Orchestra. All eight concertos impressed me sufficiently to persuade me to download the Album that I am now reviewing.On this album we have by(a) van Wassenaer: three sonatas performed here by Ricardo Kanji on recorder supported by cello and harpsichord(b) Quirinus van Blankenburg: a 3 minute Fuga Obligata performed by Jacques Ogg on harpsichord(c)  Willem de Fesch: a four-movement sonata performed again by Ricardo Kanji(d) Pieter Bustijn: a six-movement suite again performed by Jacques Ogg(e) Johannes Schenk: a six-movement fantasia again performed by Ricardo KanjiI am not keen on harpsichord concertos myself as I believe the instrument to be far better suited to the rhythm (continuo) section of the orchestra and it is not a very musical instrument in itself. If you want to hear something where a harpsichord is featured, I can strongly recommend C. P. E. Bach's six keyboard concertos Wq 43 performed by Andreas Staier, with the Freiburger Barockorchester, conducted by Petra M&uuml;llejans. There, the sound engineers sufficiently light up the harpsichord so that it is both forward and tuneful. That album did receive an award from The Gramophone Magazine.As for recorder music, I think it is great for training schoolchildren and the pieces under review sound like they were only written to entertain the composers' dinner guests.So for me the album under review was a disappointment after my first introduction to van Wassenaer. Hence my four stars, mainly for the recording and performance quality, nothing for the artistic merit. I would only recommend the set to academics interested in the baroque period, and only then to enlarge their historical knowledge.
I bought this CD almost 20 years ago.  What a shock to see it still alive.  My title says it all.  The 94th is the best I have ever heard and 104 is also outstanding.  Unfortunately, 99 is played by an inferior orchestra and the great charm and passion of this magnificent symphony is missing.  I paid 3 dollars for the CD, the MP3 should be much cheaper.  This is a good CD but it is way overpriced.
It's hard for me to study in complete silence and wanted some good classical music to listen to in the background. This is really helpful and keeps me on track...grades haven't improved, but I do enjoy the music.
I had been eying various expensive CD sets of Wilhelm Furtw&auml;ngler's 1953 Ring of the Nibelungen with the RAI Orchestra of Rome for some time, but hesitating to buy due to the hefty price tags. When I saw this two-volume MP3 set that provides all four Ring operas for the entirely reasonable price of $16, I went for it.I don't regret it, but at the same time I can't say that this is an outstanding listening experience. It is a transfer from LP records with little remastering. Thankfully the record needle noise is tolerable in most places. I don't know exactly how this was prepared, but the sound suggests to me that a little remastering was indeed done to cancel out some of the worst needle noise at the high end. This would also explain why sometimes it sounds like the brightness has been sucked out of the recording. There are very limited instances of skipping grooves during the actual music, but it does happen a few times.The performances are great, no doubts there. If you are looking to get Furtwangler's RAI Ring on the cheap, this set is listenable if you are tolerant of very basic LP transfers. The transfer is basically pretty good, but not excellent.If you are looking for this on CD with better sound quality, you can check out a few releases. The 13-disc Gebhardt set receives rave reviews:Wagner: Der Ring des Nibelungen [Box Set]. EMI also has a 13-disc offering, which receives some criticism for poor mastering -- although it might be better than this one:Wagner, Der Ring des Nibelungen (Wilhelm Furtwangler, Italian Radio 1953, EMI). A bargain label, Opera D'oro, has a set that has been drubbed for its sound quality:Wagner: Der Ring des Nibelungen [Box Set]. Perhaps the same transfer as this MP3 set?But I'd recommended this set for cheapskates like me who don't listen to the Ring all the time, and who have a couple other versions anyway so they can just break this one out when the muse hits them. If I had unlimited money to spend, I'd go for the Gebhardt.
There are so few mp3 albums for hurdy gurdy and this one is pretty decent.  I'm pretty sure if you were dying to trolls in skyrim you would want to have this music playing.
Classic Ron Goodwin soundtrack, probably outshining the movie itself. Not quite as good as Battle Of Britain, better than some others, decent recording quality.
I got this CD based on hearing a track from it on my local public radio station.  Just what I was hoping for: nice, relaxing, percussive lute music.
Rich in melody, rich in rhythm! Quite a large band/orchestra, so it sounds full and with the many instruments in the background it really starts to 'sing' like a choir. 4 stars only because the recording sounds a bit distant, you need to boost the highs and the lows to make it really sparkle. But beautiful arrangements, absolutely a joy to listen to. I really hope these guys record another one soon!
Loved the personalEverything about the Gershwins intrigues me. I especially wanted the Oscar Levant piece in that my family has a personal history with Oscar.
As indicated previously...  the March from Aida has a glitch or two...  downloaded it twice just to be sure...  Otherwise, a very nice set...
I was very excited about this recording, as it contains some unusual settings of well known German Christmas songs. Scheidt's interpolations to his Magnificat are fresh and surprising, if at times a bit labored. The album is well sung, though the absence of male voices tends to give it a a narrow range of timbre.My only real complaint is that the track titles are incorrectly assigned. I don't know if they are that way on the CD, but it is a huge problem for the mp3 download.
If you are a fan of French Horn music, this album is a very worthwhile addition to your library. David Jolley is as fine a horn player as has ever lived. You will also probably find that many of the compositions on this album are new to you.
From CD Roots: Belgian quartet of Emmanuel Louis (guitar, vocals), Emmanuel Godinot (flute), Martin Lauwers (violin), and Marine Horbaczewski (cello) present folk-chamber music with a touch of jazz that they have been performing in the gardens of Europe (really, this is their preferred venue). It's gentle but complex, bringing composers like Satie to mind.
I purchased this a few years ago when I was learning the song cycle for my senior undergraduate recital. This is a nice recording, but not the best I think.
Illya Rsahkovsky is a remarkable pianist. and this recording is a striking evidence. Of course, you have in Richter's performance the version of versions. But for Rshkovsky (with just 28) is a worthy and rewarding effort. He possesses temperament, character and personality like not many of his colleagues- for the next years to come.Don't miss it.
This is a nice laid back piece for violin and cello. I liked it very much and recommend this item to anyone who can spare seven minutes to relax or share with your significant other.
Very classical in style. Powerful stuff.
90% of this album is Excellent. Strauss, Tchichvsky Beethoven, Bach. It is well worth the $6 I paid, but a few of the tracks don't sound good. It seems to have been remastered from analog recordings. Make sure you listen to the preview if there's a particaular song you want. F&uuml;r Elise appears twice.
This CD is a big help for me. Some of the fingerings and harmonies can be tricky in these etudes, and it is so much easier to learn them if you know what they sound like. If you are just starting one of these etudes, and you're learning the notes, you're not even sure you've hit the right note or not when you're way up in thumb position, and you end up breaking your hand position to check the note. But, if you listen to the recording several times before you play it, it really saves a lot of time.The only reason I gave this 4 stars instead of 5 is that I use the CD for a learning tool, not to enjoy the music. So, as a learning tool, it would be better if some of the tempos were a little slower. Mr. Yablonsky is making music out of the etudes instead. This is a slight disadvantage for practicing, but it enhances the experience and enjoyment of playing them.The cost of the CD is much less than one cello lesson, and you'll save lesson time so it's a bargain!
This is a very melodic instrumental (panflute) album from very talented musicians.  I found it a relaxing pleasure to listen to.  There are only 10 selections and an estimated 37-38 minutes of music.  I would like to have seen more for this cost. I don't speak German but some of the selections are religious based themes.  However, the music flows well without a strong church flavor.  As a matter of fact, I would not have know it if I hadn't translated it.  I am very pleased having purchased it.  Try some of the samples to see if you like it.  I did.
Anneke Uittenbosch is a fantastic player and the recording quality is beautiful (I'm mostly commenting on the pieces played on harpsichord).  I do not have the recording info on what harpsichord she used, probably a Flemish instrument, but everything is great, tempos, etc.  The real reason I'm writing this is that I downloaded this from Amazon, and the tracks pretty much go directly from one piece into the other, with no typical couple seconds of silence in between, which seems strange (and annoying).  I don't know if this does it on the actual CD, which I'm now tempted to get after this downloading problem.  Otherwise...
I downloaded this because I am a Sondheim fanatic and Marc Heller has the voice to do these difficult pieces.  I am not pleased how each song transitions one into another - no pause between songs - I am not sure if this is the way it is supposed to be or that it downloaded this way!  Great Collection and thank you Marc Heller for your talents!
This music is very Mozart-y, in my most expert opinion. This makes sense, since Saint-Georges was a contemporary of Mozart's. He was also of mixed-race, born to a French father and African mother. WHAAAAAT??? And he was titled and gorgeous and an expert swordsman and a colonel in the French Revolution and rocked the violin like a boss. I can't help but wonder if Dumas thought of this guy when he wrote Three Musketeers. Of course, haters gonna hate and the Chevalier was falsely imprisoned after being dismissed from the Army. I tell ya, the more things change...So as you relax on a Sunday afternoon to these well-played and soundly composed concerti (contertos? concerten?), imagine the dizzying highs and lows of a life you just couldn't make up.
Another example of the impossibility for classical music to be adequately represented by the agencies who have no interest in it ... would it be too much to ask Amazon to provide us with the name of the orchestra - yes it's, the "teatro nacional", national theatre -- of which nation ? Cuba ? Spain ? Puerto Rico ? Any idea who is singing ? The singers sound wonderful. And when was it recorded ? It sounds interesting. It's crazy to sell something without knowing what you are selling !
Laurent Martin delivers a tasteful compilation of selected Preludes (Op. 31), Esquisses (Op. 63), a couple selections from the Trente Chants, a couple selections from Les Mois (Op. 74), and even a couple virtuoso etudes (Le Chemin de Fer and the Fantasy for the left hand). Also, I believe these are all re-recordings from the previous time he recorded these works, so there are new fresh insights to these pieces. He plays the two virtuso etudes a little more confidently than he did the first time he recorded them, and his first recordings are quite fine themselves. I recommend picking up this disc to fans of Alkan, people who are interested in music off-the-beaten-trail, and classical music lovers all the same.
While Raff is not much known in the US, he was basic to 19th century Europe. These compositions reflect the divergent schools of music of Raff's style. The violin is lyrical like Mendelssohn and the piano is like Liszt, for the virtuoso. The broad strokes for themes are elicited from the violin while the detailed &#34;too many notes&#34; come from the piano. At times the two instruments are heard solo before they join together. Raff handles them masterfully. Personally I prefer the second to the fifth because the former is closer to Mendelssohn. In any case, they make fine chamber music, though at times they can be distracting if you're working on something.
Raff is compared with Schumann and while there are stylistic similarities, while Schumann paints with shorter strokes, Raff uses longer ones. Schumann is more lyrical with tunes you might like to hum, not so much with Raff in these symphonies. Raff, however is upbeat and cheerful, so if you are looking for a steady diet of serious drama, these might not do the trick. These are Raff's masterly orchestral impressions of two seasons and must be enjoyed as such. I enjoyed them.
I love the viola sound, and Telemann of course.  The viola playing is excellent but the recording is just not on par with a lot of the other MP3s that I've heard.  It just doesn't seem to capture the warmth of the viola.  Definitely not due to the talent of the artist who is awesome!!  Just get better recording engineers.For me theres just too much big hall resonance.  I think it detracts some from the performance on all but the slowest pieces (the slower ones do sound pretty awesome).
I was initially letdown by the second movement.  Phrases weren't lingered over, the solo horn was well played but cold and the emotional range of the entire movement seemed narrow, that sense of "surge and release" in the strings was absent-the "swoon" wasn't there. On rehearing I realized that the style of this movement fitted nicely with Petrenko's overall conception. In a word the performance sounded "compact". Petrenko's focus seems to be on lightness (yet there's plenty of power when called for), tightness and intensity resulting in a lot of excitement. Frankly I missed the sense of space, grandeur, "swing" and breadth of emotion the greatest performances bring - von Karajan and Gergiev (VPO) come to mind. Still, the effort here is impressive; to have a point of view as well as the ability to bring it off says much about the abilities of the young Petrenko and his orchestra.
I have spent some time trying to identify some of the earlier early music composers and came upon Thibaut De Champagne.I am enjoying this album immensely - one of my friends actually categorized it as highly unusual, which I agree with.  I am not a music historian but I very much like the French Gothic period (between 1000 AD and 1200 AD).  I also like the imaginative use of period instruments deployed in this album.
Van Zweden played Mahler under Leonard Bernstein in the Eighties, a difficult feat for someone who turns 52 this year - but in this case, van Zweden had become concertmaster of the Royal Concertgebouw in 1979 at the unbelievable age of eighteen. Now that he has morphed into a rising conductor, one whose musicality has created good word of mouth throughout the orchestral world, the London Phil. gives van Zweden his first chance at Mahler on records. The live performance of the Mahler Fifth was held in 2008 at Royal Festival Hall and comes in exemplary sound, indistinguishable from studio work. I've grown to be more admiring of this conductor the more I hear form him, but he's up against the LPO's great master of Mahler, Klaus Tennstedt.From the light tread of the opening funeral march, van Zweden doesn't deliver the kind of weight - or is it emotional freight? - that Bernstein and Tennstedt did, yet he is fully their equal in suppleness, phrasing, and drama. That's an extraordinary thing to hear today. Modern orchestras are deeply familiar with Mahler and can play the symphonies flawlessly. Here, however, a gripping narrative unfolds; I felt that van Zweden was the real thing, where in the past he was working his way to complete security on the podium. You cant tear your ears away from the first movement.The same light, incisive style continues in the turbulent second movement. When the first two movements are supercharged, as in Gergiev's great recording with the LSO, there's something cathartic but also exhausting going on - you wonder how the symphony can gather momentum for another 40 minutes. Van Zweden doesn't pre-empt the apocalypse; he makes his points on a smaller scale but one that is just as emotionally dramatic. When I first heard the Mahler Fifth, it was the Scherzo that floored me, and it's hard  not to be floored today by its wild exuberance and pure orchestral thrills.Unfortunately, van Zweden underplays this movement, chiefly by rushing it in order to make the underlying waltz rhythm sound Viennese; I think Mahler had more in mind, and something more disturbing, than a light-hearted dance. The Adagietto, which for many listeners is the touchstone of the Fifth, isn't for me. Sometimes a remarkable feeling can be developed through its enigmatic pose between elegy, lullaby, and love song. Van Zweden leads a sensitive reading on the faster side, removing any tragic implications or deep reflection. Good as he is, nothing remarkable happens. In Mahler, simplicity is refreshing, but it has its limitations. The finale of the Fifth, long considered an anticlimax for Mahler's puzzling academic counterpoint, remains hard to pull off. Van Zweden isn't to blame that he doesn't find the magic key; his supple, highly musical handling is still very fine.In all, this recording marks another rung that van Zweden has climbed, and its best parts promise something special in the future. Short of that, he's delivered an outstanding Mahler Fifth in a field crowded with great ones.
I really enjoyed this album and would recommend anyone, if they are at least interested or are really into piano and classical music, to buy this. Buy the mp3 version, because it saves money and clutter on your desk!This compilation has influenced me to compose more music like this but in my terms. You may take a listen here: [...]
The Finlandia piece is excellent.  But most of the other selections are not up to the standard of the album namesake.
This album of 6 tracks for $2 was a nice deal.  Although the music is not performed by a virtuoso, it was more than worth the price. I recommend these concertos for any who aren't overly picky on the performers and love great classics.
It came up as a recommendation after I ordered another similar item. I like harp music and this is a good relaxation piece. Given the price, I am very happy.
I bought this for relaxing music.  I put it on my MP3 and use to go to sleep by. It soothes my spirit and lulls me to sleep.  Yes I would recommend it.
I listen to this and other instrumentals while working. Nice relaxing background music that doesn't distract me from my work. Very enjoyable.
This album, like others in the series, is organized by a mood or theme.  The music is good quality and some of the performances are excellent (Maurizio Pollini's Chopin nocturne for example).  I bought the set several years ago for my wife, who still listens regularly.Although each of the tracks on this CD is complete, many are single movements from larger works.  Track 5, for example, is the second movement of Grieg's piano concerto, which is a wonderful piece in its entirety.I would recommend this as very good quality mood music and a good sampling of classical piano music.
I was looking for a simple recording of Chopin's piano concertos and found this one for a very reasonable price.  I have really enjoyed listening to it the first few times through, the quality of the sound is good and the musicality is solid.  I won't say it is the best recording of Chopin that I have heard but it is definitely an quality choice if you are looking to increase your library of piano concertos.
Great arrangements of classic hymns and gospel song.  You'll definitely be tapping your fingers or toes.  I hope he does another sometime.
Charles Auguste de Beriot's works are familiar to all violinists mostly as advanced student pieces.  Bella Hristova delivers a technically brilliant and tonally secure reading of a collection of his solo violin works.  The "12 Scenes ou Caprices pour le violon, Op.109" presents a series of descriptive short pieces with titles such as "La Separation" and "La Polka."  The "Nine Studies" consists of short etudes requiring a multitude of bowing techniques with staccato, spiccato, difficult string crossings and long sostenuto passages, as well as extended arpeggios and chromatic runs all played flawlessly.  The last selection, "Prelude ou Improvisation" showcases de Beriot's entire arsenal of fiddlers' challenges.Miss Hristova summons a warm tone from the 1665 Amati violin while paying close attention to dynamics.  Her extended runs beginning forte and ending pianissimo in the stratosphere of the fingerboard are especially notable.  Natural and harmonic double stops, double trills and a sustained melodic line with simultaneous left hand double stop pizzicato are demonstrated with dexterity.  The ambiance of St. John Chrysostom Church, Newmarket, Ontario, Canada adds a delicious personal auditory touch.  Aficionados of violin repertoire should have this Naxos recording.
Well, this is a fine recording, but not what is to be expected from Savall, and the Catalans. For instance, the music of Mateo Flecha, track #5, is an Ensalada, called &quot;The pump&quot; was cut very short, a little over two minutes long, I think this piece is a bit longer than that, I heard once the same piece performed by the King's Singers, and the work was over  8 minutes long. There is also a problem in performance, Savall, apparently calls for to many singers, the group performing along with Hesperion XX, is Sutudium Musicae, Valencia.Because too many singers, the performance sounds muffled, the sound as if they sing inside a can. I speak Spanish, and I can hardly understand what they sing, and  to top it all, no text included in the liner notes. The  liner notes in fact, where in French, English, and German, I fell sad for their Catalan and Spanish friends who don't speak any of these languages.The form of the ensalada, was a  cross between the arts and pop cultures of the day, it would of be very interesting to hear clearly and to read what they were singing...
I am very familiar with this music and with The Curtis.  I had never heard the school's orchestra before and this is a really good pair of pieces.  If one doesn't like this CD, it certainly isn't the playing, it's impeccable.
The violin concerto is a wonderful piece. Written for string orchestra and solo violin, the very ethereal opening gives way to tumultuous and numerous climaxes throughout the piece.The second symphony has a grand opening statement and begins an orchestral journey to pure joy.
This disc contains some works not seen in the CD era. Of these theCobblers on the Heath overture is the one that seems to grab thelistener first.Explore Klami with all the mp3 samples available. See what suits youbest. I was OK with the Naxos disc with Panula. Klami is not SIbelius,but there is fun stuff to explore here. Not all will be thatmemorable.But if you are interested, the CDs need to be all collected, then compile your own list.
Was why I purchased. Very evocative piece. It could be used for movie music and probably has. Originally heard on Adagio.fm - a great classical music internet radio station. Listen to Adagio's sister station - Entranced.fm too.
Note that, as far as I can tell, the recording is Mono, and in English.  (This is the problem with MP3 recordings: you don't get any documentation, obviously.)  But, equally obviously, it is an absolute steal at the price of $3.00.Bach, in this time, was performed slowly, and I most certainly do not see that as a problem.  As far as I'm concerned, the music was very probably written to be performed at tempos slower than that at which they're taken today (2013), and most significantly slower than they were taken a decade or two ago.  The slower tempo enables some listeners such as myself to hear the counterpoint much better --that is, the intertwining inner melodies, for anyone unfamiliar with the term.The recitatives, however (the narrative interspersed between the choruses and arias) do need to be taken at a brisk pace, and should be more spoken than sung.  The tenor Evangelist, does do a good job of singing with a close to spoken style, and with good pace.I'm listening to the first few numbers, and I'm waiting for the first big alto aria by Kathleen Ferrier, which is a major part of the value of the recording... Oh man, it is gorgeous.  To those of us who were a little in love with this wonderful woman, this purchase is a definite must.  I gave 4 stars only because of the technical deficits, which are totally forgivable for recordings of the period.  The orchestra is more than good.Oh dear; I just heard a hiccup in the recording: an entire phrase cut out.  Luckily I have a CD of this aria, and can repair the file if I really want to...Highly recommended.
I enjoyed this album and this genre of music.  I would recommend it if you enjoy Two Steps from Hell and Future World Music.
I LOVE Bernini's Angel's on this album. It's my favorite between the two album's and it makes listening to all of the other great songs on here worth the wait.
I get the feeling that this quartet (and it's predecessor) exists mainly as source material for the remixes (some of which are excellent).The exception is the 3rd movement, which definitely stands on its own.
I found this album very interesting and I'm glad I now know this music. I was attracted by the name, first of all -- Gabriel Prokofiev, it turns out, is the grandson of celebrated Russian (and later, to his chagrin, Soviet) composer Sergei Prokofiev. I was also intrigued by the very idea of a concerto for turntables and orchestra.The work itself is highly creative, and I liked it quite a bit. I would like to see it performed live, as it became clear by the 3rd movement that things aren't always what they seem. I thought I was listening to horns and violins in the orchestra, when suddenly they started playing backwards, showing they were instead being played on the turntable. So the interplay between the live music played by the orchestra and samples of the orchestra on record being scratched by the DJ is complex and keeps the listener's attention.The piece clearly has one foot in each of two worlds -- dance/DJ and classical/orchestral. Major parts of two of the concerto's five movements have a backbeat. In one section, the underlying chord progression is a 7th chord inflected up a half step on the 4th beat of one measure, and a step and a half on the 4th beat of the next measure. That's a kind of chord progression I'd associate more with a James Brown-style soul vamp than with, say, Prokofiev grandp&egrave;re. (Don't get me wrong, that's not a criticism -- Gabriel Prokofiev does quite a bit with the orchestration underlying that basic progression, giving it a complex, spooky air.) In other sections, I quite enjoyed his extensive use of pizzicato.The remixes were, for me, hit and miss. To my mind, the best remixes offer recognizably the same music as on the original track, but bring out new aspects that aren't apparent in the original. Here, many or perhaps most of the remixes use sampled material from the concerto to create new, independent soundscapes rather than providing a new, remixed take on the original work. I found many of them quite good, but others less so. But that's a matter of individual taste.This album is definitely indispensable for that small segment of the population that is crazy about both classical/orchestral music and the dance/DJ world. That description doesn't fit me, but I still found this a worthwhile and interesting recording that opened up new perspectives.
If you love Anton Bruckner's symphonies and want to hear some of his other genres, then go ahead and try this out.  As another reviewer has said, the symphonic movement is definitely worth hearing (just like it's fun to hear Pictures at an Exhibition on piano as well as orchestrated).  The other pieces are fun to hear, but not all that memorable.  Sadly, (as a commenter has mentioned) you can only get the symphony by purchasing the entire album.  I enjoy Bruckner greatly, and had to get this as a curiosity piece.  I'm just not sure how much I'll listen to it down the line.5 stars for the symphonic movement3 stars for most of the others4 star average.
Rachmaninov: Symphony No. 1 In D Minor, Op. 13 / Prince Rostislav is a 2003 Bis Records AB recording starring the Royal Scottish National Orchestra under the direction of Owain Arwel Hughes. The pace feels slightly too fast. As if the conductor was in a rush. Other then that the feeling is right for this work in question. Horst A. Scholz has written the music notes. A fine recording that could have been better with the right pacing. Highly recommended. 5/5.
Contains rarities In Memoriam and Lemmink&auml;inen early version.I like the gloomy In Memoriam but not for everyone.It was a good price for a download, the disc is harder to find.V&auml;nsk&auml; is fine as usual.
Nice recording and exactly what I have come to expect from this ensemble. Any remaining fault might possibly be Telemann's at times boring composing style, but the artists are spectacular.
I play the album while I write or read or if I want to relax. It's a good album for that!
that all reviews here are for Andrei Gavrilov, not the performer shown here (Freddy Kempf).
The MN orchestra is tight. Listening to the strings play a dotted rhythm, i realize i've rarely heard such precision. The wind soloists (clarinet, oboe, bassoon, flute, horn) are as good as any in the world, and so are the sections - strings, brasses - everybody! Vanska follows the score precisely. The opening pianissimo of the ninth is amazing. In fact, all of Beethoven's dynamics are exactly as he wrote them. It's wonderful to hear. But ... i wish this orchestra had a conductor with soul. What a shame!
Arnaldo Cohen's take on the Liszt concertos is very serious, almost Beethovenian.  From the piano's first statement in the first concerto (which some may find overpedaled) to the end of the second, Cohen and conductor John Neschling find little room for playfulness. The third movement of the first concerto is a case in point. The triangle is rather weak and the pianist disinclined to play the work as a light scherzo. The orchestra is somewhat recessed throughout. Nevertheless I enjoyed these performances and recommend the recording for those who want a refreshingly serious approach to this music. The Todentanz is, frankly, a dreadful piece. I find it much more effective in its solo version, brilliantly played by Cohen in an earlier Naxos issue. One eerie note: the booklet has a photo of the pianist and one of the conductor. Judging from these pictures it's obvious that Cohen and Neschling were separated at birth. How nice that they found one another in the recording studio!
Joseph Jongen was a major composer, and his music has gradually become relatively well represented on disc, though primarily through the efforts of smaller labels, such as the one behind the disc at hand, Fuga Libera. Perhaps Jongen's style is best summed up as achieving a (sort of) synthesis between the music of Cesar Franck and the harmonies and colors of Debussy, but Jongen nevertheless achieved something of a personal, post-romantic style, and the music is often deeply fascinating. That said, the main work on this disc, the piano trio op.10, is an early work (1897), and the influences of Debussy are understandably not present yet.It is a young man's work, highly passionate, stormy and muscular. The style is indebted to the German masters of the time, as well as d'Indy and Chausson, but even here there are more than a few traces of a personal style, and despite the energy and wealth of ideas, the work nevertheless espouses a rather convincing formal development. Cast in three movements, the opening Allegro appassionato is based on two strong themes that are cleverly pitted against each other and intervowen into each other. In the big slow movement is also thematically inventive, elegiac and haunting in mood, but perhaps somewhat more meandering. The finale is powerful and fiery, with compelling momentum and a particularly striking second theme.The Aquarelles for violin and piano (L&eacute;gende nave and Valse libre) may be salon music, but if it is, it is at least beautiful and very compelling salon music. The Deux Pi&egrave;ces en trio (two pieces for piano trio) are somewhat curious. Written in 1931, when the composer was at the height of his powers, this is refined, impressionistically tinted music, but I found them curiously non-descript compared to the other music Jongen wrote at the time. The opening &Eacute;l&eacute;gie nocturnale opens hauntingly, but at 10'40 it is too long to sustain its material, and the Allegro appassionato is not as inspired as one would expect from the composer.Nonetheless, all of the music receives fine advocacy here, by the Ensemble Joseph Jongen; the trio is full of color and sensuousness and there is plenty of energy - though one could perhaps imagine even slightly more fiery playing - and the Aquarelles played with sensitivity and beauty of tone. Perhaps they are on the slow side in the Deux Pi&egrave;ces, and maybe this explains my slight hesitation concerning them. Nevertheless, this is a rewarding release that can be safely recommended to anyone with a sense of adventure - it does perhaps not present the composer at his strongest, but it is still very good music, and the performances, sound, and presentation are all of a high standard.
As of October 7th, 2009, this album is totally free from Amazon.  The selection of music is fantastic and the MP3s work with iTunes and is compatible with any MP3 player.The bit rate on most to all of the tracks are above 200kpbs, joint stereo, and sample rate of 44hz.Very soothing.
Classical music MP3s never sounded better as this collection Hours and hours of wonderful, beautiful music from everyone's favorite decade (give or take a century...)I snagged this for free, so that makes it even sweeter. :-)
True, Amazon doesn't list the composers on the item page and that makes it difficult to know who composed each symphony.  The price makes up for this however and you can see all the composers on the album cover artwork.  The MP3s themselves are properly tagged (or at least the ones I've downloaded so far are) so you do get the composer info with the files themselves.
since i was in second grade ive listened to classical music to study, this gave me a good bit of variation in my studying lineup
A WONDERFUL PIANIST AND ARTISTA GREAT PERSONALITY - I AM ALWAYS DELIGHTED WHEN I HEAR HER "MAGIC TOUCH"OF A RARE MUSICALITY, ELEGANCE AND DELICACYTHIS RECORD IS A "MUST HAVE"
A nice CD for Christmas time. Not big on variety, but plenty of nice festive background music in this style for the holiday season.
In truth this recording is a "must have" for all Berlioz admirers. The Berlioz enthusiast and early biographer, Jacques  Barzun, so admired Toscanini's way with the French composer that he  visited the maestro and asked him to perform the complete "Romeo". Here it is one of the first complete performances of this work in the U.S.! The sound is boxy and not very clear, especially in  complex and loud passages which is why its rating is missing the final star. The performance is full of the audacity, commitment and passion that this music demands. At this incredibly low price, there is no reason not to download it. It is curious that Toscanini did not perform other Berlioz works i.e.  Symphonie Fantastique or the Damnation of Faust [He did one scene and the Hungarian March]!!
I really liked the double concerto's on this album.  The style was very dramatic.  They were fun.  You can definitely tell it's Julia Fischer.  This is the first album of her's I've ever gotten.  I've heard her on other pieces before which is why I decided to get this.
My Coffee parties are so much better playing this music.  It's creates such and awesome ambiance.  The guest ask about it.  My success partners have begun using it as well.
For a newcomer to Penderecki, Szymanowski and Rihm,  this is a wonderful collection with which to learn about them.  The Poulenc is more in the area with which I am familiar, and is also good.  Finally, I bought these pieces because, knowing only Pergolesi's and Palestrina's versions, I did not realize how many more ways one can portray Mary at the Crucifixion.
I got it for the Schreker piece. Heard it, liked it, wanted it on CD. Good mood-setting piece of work.
This is a matter of acquired taste. Berlioz teased his public with the notion that his L'Enfance was ancient music. Grist for Norrington to treat the orchestra a little Baroque in delivery. It has it's moments where it enchants. Sometimes I don't think it works with some of the more gallic exuberant moments.I'm glad I bought it. But I go back to me Caesare Valetti recording rather. The finale can make you weep with joy.
This notice is mainly for those who wish to know what sort of music they may expect.It is, in the first instance, tone painting of a quite rarefied sort. Very much in the mould of impressionism, it never lets up from the first to the last bar of enveloping you in a kind of hazy dreamscape. Most of the music is slow and muted; it rarely moves into an allegro and then not too long. There are few tutti and hardly any climaxes. You can easily sink into a reverie like an opium dream with this music. It makes no difference whether or not you follow the story. If you do, it might keep you awake. The danger of falling asleep from too much relaxation is part of the persuasiveness of this music.One other issue might be of importance to you. There are no real melodies or tunes in this work. All those many fragments of thematic content are manipulated for sound effects; none is developed for its own sake. This way the work has no centre, no heart. It is literally like a caravanserai on the move; you look at the stars at night and the sand during the day; and sandwiched in between is the odd little song or dance or cloud or smile.You cannot mistake this for Debussy or Ravel, unusually gifted melodists both of them. It's more like Szymanowsky's piano music, which tends also to be primarily sound effects, although he is much more hectic, differentiated, agitated than Koechlin.This music is a soporific and hardly calculated to tax an orchestra with its predominantly soft voiced and slow moving textures. I suppose that a conductor must have a special affinity for it; and I cannot fault Holliger on any count, while admitting that I've not heard the other recording.The sound is appropriately opulent.
The music of Laurisden is heavenly, angelic, and simple to behold.  This recording in particular is good but a little clumsy on the transitions between songs on Lux Aeterna's pieces.  The other ones are fine.  If you are not picky about little things, it is a great bargain.  However, if you are picky about the transitional flow in between songs on a particular composition then purchase the other Lux Aeterna also available on Amazon.
I bought this to practice the Hayden Mass for a choral group in which I was a member.  I found it helpful.
I was not familiar with Holmboe before seeing this set of symphonies, but I like complete sets of symphonies because they give a great historical perspective of a composer's style, particularly if they span a large part of the career.Holmboe's music is...interesting. I haven't finished listening to all the symphonies, but they make me think of mid-century modern architecture because of the precision of their design. Very Hindemith-like without the slavish devotion to precise counterpoint. The later symphonies are much more well-developed and mature, but also are becoming more and more violent, with much more polytonality. Still very approacheable, and the performances seem well-done.
That's the question that comes to mind when listening to these works. It's sometimes said of an inventive writer that he &#34;needs an editor&#34;.  If there's a musical equivalent of that, Martinu would qualify.  Or maybe he's like the baseball pitcher who feels he has to throw every pitch in his repetoire to every hitter.  I find myself so continually amazed and impressed by what I'm hearing that it's hard to follow the piece as a whole.  Does it add up to Great Music?  Perhaps not, but it sure is fun.
I lost my favorite recording of the complete ballet in a car crash when it got stuck in the CD player.  It was hard to find another one.  This one is complete, and though I still miss my old one, this is an excellent version.  The mouse war scene was little pallid, but the adult party dance was well done.  I would recommend this to those who enjoy this Christmas classic.
My review will be paltry in comparison to the wonderfully written review that precedes this one, but I hope that what I have to say is of some use. I purchased this mp3 album primarily for the music from Paquita (but I also wanted to add the music from La Bayadere to my personal music library), so my review will focus on Paquita. As an amateur ballet dancer who performed variations from Paquita in elementary school and later staged and performed a variation from Paquita in college, I love this recording! (I'm a recent college graduate who now dances ballet recreationally outside of work.) This recording's renditions of the dances from Paquita are noticeably faster than other recordings and live performances I've heard of the ballet's music. I myself don't mind the faster tempo, however, since I'm partial to faster tempos whenever I dance variations from Spanish-themed classical ballets (e.g., Don Quixote and Paquita, among others); however, other ballet dancers with whom I collaborated during college strongly disliked the noticeably faster tempos.
I wanted to understand Rousseau as a key intellect who hated social restrictions that criticized him for failing to establish a family. This opera has the spirit that plays with make believe instead of getting serious about anything.
A great collection of pieces from a lesser known composer. It's really good music and I would recommend it to anyone who likes Mozart.
All these works, except perhaps the Kabalevsky, are so familiar that one is braced from the get-go for a virtuoso sermon  on what the old warhorses really mean. So, these performances are a sort of relief in being very involved with an ensemble conception of all these attractive works. It is amazing how pleasant these pieces are when one is not being forced to be impressed. The Ravel Tzigane especially benefits from this treatment, as a weaving of the solo lines and orchestra makes points not often heard. Lastly, the Kabalevsky is very spritely and again pleasant, but not the least bit Soviet, which is a plus or minus depending on your aesthetic desiderata.
james Ehnes is a violinist of extraordinary ability.  I've seen him live at least 3 times.  The Bruch VCon #2 is recorded rarely.  I learned the piece from an old mono Heifetz recording.  This one compares favorably and sounds tons better.  The Scottish Fantasy, a Heifetz specialty, comes off very well, also.  Ehnes combines outstanding tone with similarly outstanding technique.  He's a tall guy and the violin looks "small" in his hands -- compared to famous violinists of lesser physical stature.  He just stands and plays without a lot of choreography ala Josh Bell.  So Ehnes is not an aural experience.  It's all about the sound and the music.  I'm collecting most of his recordings because I think he's a very interesting violinist who never seems to disappoint.  He's recorded a lot of the basic repertoire sans Beethoven and Brahms.  I hope he has the opportunity to record these on a less obscure label with a world-class orchestra.  The Montreal band has risen to that height on some occasions (Ravel recordings 20 years ago).  But we'll see...  Regardless, I will probably buy the Beethoven and Brahms when he deigns to record them even if I've never heard of his accompanying partners.  Meanwhile, I hope to see/hear him again live any time he's in town.  He doesn't seem to be as self-promoting as some fiddlers, but he is one first-class violinist on the ascendency.
Ok, I like it but why, why, why is a jazzy rendition of &#34;April in Paris&#34; by Coleman Hawkins included as track #18? Not exactly Medieval or anywhere near it. Makes me wonder about the quality control and even the sanity of the producer.That being said, the rest of the album is mostly instrumental with a few vocals. Instruments sound like they're period. Music is indeed mostly lively dance tunes of the Medieval and early Renaissance eras. So it's all good except for that most puzzling track 18.
The album was joyful and fun, but I am completely stumped why April in Paris by Coleman Hawkins is included. Jazz is nice, but including this is neither topical nor appropriate. Disturbing, really.
Saint-Saens was introduced to me by my daughter.  He is definitly a composer not played enough.Dance Macabre brings back memories of late night discusions of Ingmar Bergman's Seventh Seal.  I am not a musician, and have a tin ear.  I do not know if this is a good presentation, but it is deeply satisfying to this neophyte.
Vagn Holmboe (1909-1996) has been well served on disc, and most of the works on this disc are available in alternative performances - I have, to be honest, not heard any of the alternatives, but given the quality of the performances here I can hardly imagine that they are bettered, at least. Now, it should be mentioned right away that anyone new to the composer would have to start with the symphonies - the brass concertos (at least), while rewarding, are hardly in the same league. The trumpet and trombone concertos are lighter and more diverting works, and although the tuba concerto is more substantial it does in the end lack the power and structural coherence of the symphonies. If you already know the symphonies, however, you will find plenty to cherish on the disc at hand.The trumpet concerto is designated "no.11" and the tuba concerto "no.12". They were written in 1948 and 1950, respectively, and as such predate the composer's mature, trademark metamorphosis technique. The trumpet concerto is cool and lean and urbane (certainly not "austere", even though the booklet note describes it that way), with clear orchestral textures and a buoyant solo part. The third movement even sports something of a big tune - not something you'd immediately associate with the composer. Overall, it is a very valuable and immediately attractive addition to the repertoire and a work that deserves wider currency. Hardenberger is also absolutely brilliant in the solo part.By comparison the trombone concerto is more routine (though Christian Lindberg is of course as good an advocate as the work is likely to have). Stylistically it belongs to the same mold as the trumpet concerto, sporting a certain neo-classical freshness and airy lightness, and Holmboe is certainly adept at creating texturally compelling interactions between soloist and orchestra, but the thematic material doesn't quite have the same instant appeal and memorability as that of the trumpet concerto.The tube concerto in one movement is a much later work (1976), and the music here is darker, grittier and less immediately striking (though it is not without lighter touches and it would be wrong to describe the style as "forbidding"), yet repeated listening reveals a striking, original and rewarding work in which the composer truly excels at creating interesting sonoristic effects and novel but effective textures. The late Intermezzo Concertante (1987) is a decent filler, containing some imaginative gestures that don't, to be honest, really add up to that much. At least Jens Bjrn-Larsen does everything possible for both works, and he is excellently accompanied by the Aalborg SO under Arwel Hughes. The program is also given typically big and clear BIS sound. A rewarding program, then, and recommended with confidence.
This CD was originally released in 2002, then reissued in 2009 together with a copy of the Panclassics catalogue - and both versions still seem to be available at the time of writing. Either way, it offers a fine sampling of Agostino Steffani's chamber music including three duets, two solo cantatas, two instrumental sonatas and a handful of solo extracts from the opera "Amor vien dal destino".The vocal items are sung by soprano Monique Zanetti and countertenor Pascal Bertin, with the instrumental work provided by the early music ensemble Fons Musicae directed by theorbist Yasunori Imamura. Monique Zanetti is the more stylish of the two, although she sometimes displays more vibrato than I would like in this music. Pascal Bertin isn't bad, but suffers from a certain lack of expressiveness at times as well as from indistinct articulation. They also have to face stiff competition in two of the duets, "Porto l'alma incenerita" and the wonderful "Crudo Amor", both of which also appear on a superb Glossa disc of Steffani's Duetti da Camera where they are quite beautifully sung by Rossana Bertini and Claudio Cavina:Duetti Da Camera. Still, "Crudo Amor" fares pretty well on the present disc, their approach less lyrical but more vigorous than Bertini and Cavina; whichever recording you choose to investigate, it's a very fine piece indeed.The instrumental support by Fons Musicae is excellent and sounds lovely in this fine recording. Their two sonatas, in fact, are probably not by Steffani at all, the trio sonata being attributed to Caldara and the violin sonata "of doubtful authorship"; so it's not clear why they were selected for this Steffani programme in preference to some of the composer's own very fine Sonate da Camera, extracted from his operas and published in 1705. All the same, the works we have here are played with style and spirit and are close enough in idiom to blend nicely with the rest of the programme. The remaining solo vocal items don't quite display the genius of the duets but they go well enough.This, then, is a useful addition to the Steffani discography, falling a little short of the brilliance of the very best available such as the fabulous Cavina/Bertini disc mentioned above - and, of course, Cecilia Bartoli'sMission: Deluxe Hardcover Limited Edition. All texts and translations are given, and the booklet notes provide an excellent summary of Steffani's life as well as some very enlightening comments on the music. In spite of the reservations expressed, the sheer quality of the Italian master's works makes the disc well worth the attention of baroque enthusiasts, and so for me it's good enough to earn four stars.
One can't expect to listen to all of Haydn's work. His symphonies and string quartets dominate what we hear at home. This collection is a welcome change to the usual music we hear. We play it often.
I am a new fan of Raphaella.  I must say, I don't think she is a virtuoso player.  But, the quality of her playing and the quality of sound from her romantic guitar on this recording are both excellent.  It is a good recording to use if you are learning the Caprices or just interested in hearing the pieces played on a period instrument (which really sounds great).
The Watts Ensemble is the brainchild of drummer Brian Watson, who sought out this 10 piece band by putting an ad out on the Los Angeles Craigslist page for musicians "mutually interested in Stravinsky, Devo and the Coltranes."  He got what he asked for.  The two suites on this album lie somewhere between a dark Ellington orchestration and an overly arranged Mingus jam.  Each track has a different feel: Tricky Tramp (tk 4) is full of bouncy horns and still feels spontaneous despite the carefully arranged syncopation while Good Morning (tk 1)  is a slower invocation style piece, building in intensity.  The Suite for Crime is a bit more fun; the Suite for Time is a bit more serious, despite a boogie-woogie breakdown in Summer (tk 8).  Try it out - I think you'll like it.
There was a time when Gregorian chant was a living element of Catholic worship, not a curiosity practised by monks in recording studios. Charles Tournemire's "L'Orgue Mystique" could quote that music in the expectation that listeners would recognize the themes being used. Those days are gone, and to miss the quotations is to lose appreciation for his treatment of the melodies. For this disc, all the relevant chants for Easter and for the Ascension are performed along with the organ pieces. Most are rather meditative, but the last one for each feast lets out many of the stops. I'd like a little information on the instrument played by Harald Feller, but it's not here--nor are English translations of the chants. Otherwise, the notes are good, and include an essay by composer Olivier Messiaen. (Aside: I have the CD version of this album; I don't know what notes would come with a downloaded version...)
I bought the full album MP3 recording and put it on my IPOD. All pieces are exquisitely rendered; however, I wish the original MP3 recording was a bit louder. I don't suffer from hearing loss as I'm saying this, but it would be nice to have the option of listening to the music more fully by being able to increase the volume. Sadly, with this recording, you cannot.I'm also still wondering why there are so few recordings of Paquita...? Minkus has produced some marvelous works, and this is one of them.
JoAnn Falletta is a fine conductor with a huge repertoire.  Here she is conducting two works of Schubert that have help from 20th century arrangers.  Schubert's great masterpiece, the String Quartet No. 14 nicknamed "Death and the Maiden" from its use of the song, is performed here in a full-orchestral transcription by Andrew Stein.  It is interesting and enjoyable but I am not sure I would listen to it a second time.  I prefer the string orchestra transcription by Mahler.The completed Schubert 8th Symphony is finished by two different individuals.  The third movement is a completion by Brian Nnewbould.  It is okay but I am not sure it was worth completing.  It is not first rate Schubert.  The finale comes from the ballet Rosamunde with some editing by Mario Venzago.  In my opinion it makes little sense.  It is among the weaker parts of Rosamunde.  I say leave the Unfinished alone.  It is just perfect as an unusual but great two movement symphony.  The performances here both sound quite rushed.  Without Ms. Falletta's very fast tempos the two works would never fit on a standard 80 minute CD.  I rated the CD 4 stars because of the outstanding orchestral playing and passionate conducting.  But this CD is for the curious only.
Good arrangements overall.  Enjoyable for those that like low brass.  That is all I have to say.  Your request for a minimum number of words is presumptuous . .
For some reason, Stokowski seemed to take this Pathetique at a gallop.  I didn't time it, so maybe it's not really so, but he creates that sensation.
We enjoyed listening to the soft music in our celebration of a Maltese themed birthday. The compositions and execution of the pieces are of high musical quality, albeit somewhat similar.
This new Delos disc from The AMBAR Music Group is a primer of South American dance forms from very different folk music traditions in Colombia, Venezuela, and Brazil.  These forms of music might have humble origins, but each in its own way has developed into more sophisticated music through the compositional genius of some great musicians.Pixinguinha, who is represented on this disc by three superb songs, is an excellent example.  He helped to elevate the 19th century choro from a kind of street-corner serenade into something that Heitor Villa-Lobos termed the "incarnation of the Brazilian soul".  He belongs with Villa-Lobos and Tom Jobim in the highest level of the Brazilian musical pantheon.  Most of the composers from the other South American traditions represented on this disc have the same personal voice, if not always the divine spark that Pixinguinha brings to his deceptively simple tunes.  Jos&eacute; Barros, a Colombian musician who wrote more than 800 songs in a variety of forms, is a good example.  His porro "Momposina" is presented in a very clever full orchestral arrangement, and it's such fun to listen to.  The famous waltz by the Venezuelan Heraclio Fernandez "El Diablo Suelto" was published in 1888; from this song, as with Pixinguinha's celebrated choros, sprang the popular music of a nation.  Another standout is the Colombian Carlos Vieco, who provides two pasillos to the mix.This is a fascinating disc, which might foster a desire to learn more about the national music of South America, or just put an extra jump in your jogging while you listen on your iPod.  In either case Delos has put together a highly appealing compilation that deserves a listen.  The Colombian musicians Francisco Gonzalez, Nelson Gomez, and Juan Fernando Garcia and their Russian violinist colleague Sasha Rozhdestvensky (with support from the Moscow Chamber Orchestra in a couple of pieces) provide an entertaining and varied programme that I'll be listening to often.
Excellent violinist... just not sure I like the sound of the electric violin. Drums are a nice change to classical music; however, on this cd they sound a little mechanical at times. Overall I enjoy most of the songs. Would love it if she would record an album on an accoustic violin.
This is a wonderful historical recording from 1955, however the sound is very clear, with the soloists right "up front".  Victoria De Los Angeles is in her prime, and absolutely perfect in the part.  She is well balanced by Henri Legay.  This is the same recording that is available elsewhere on AmazonMassenet: Manon (Los Angeles, Legay, Monteux) (1950)for $25.00.  If you don't mind the continuous tracks without breaks, then this is a great deal.
If you wish to hear something &#34;different&#34;, just listen to this.  Never have more words been placed in a piece of music, so listen carefully (or find the words online)!
I do not have the talent to comment on the quality of the music.  But Don Giovanni, the father image, is heavy, foreboding and smothering during his appearances.  As a result, the Opera gives the feeling that I think Mozart intended.
Particularly as long as this Don Giovanni remains under three bucks, it is self-recommending.  I've known the Krips Don as a classic for a long time -- how could it not be, with Cesare Siepi in the title role?  He is pretty widely acknowledged to be one of the greatest Italian basses of the century, and his voice does not disappoint.  His performance with F&uuml;rtw&auml;ngler is also available on CD and DVD, and it's also great: as you might imagine, F&uuml;rtw&auml;ngler's is the slower, more idiosyncratic and personal vision, while Krips is far more mainstream with tempi and texture (the F&uuml;rtw&auml;ngler is also live and in mono).  If you're a fan of the opera, you'll want to hear both, but then again, the F&uuml;rtw&auml;ngler isn't $2.97!Still, this is caught in very good sound for the time and is full of vocal splendor, particularly in the all-important title role.  Krips's tempi strike me as very well-judged, and the interpretation doesn't come across as notably slow to modern ears, the way Giulini's (quite excellent) reading from around the same time can.  I still have to say I prefer Giulini's account as an all-around performance, as its sound is better and Giulini keeps the dramatic tension higher, in both orchestral passages and recitativo.  Krips isn't bad at all, but he can be a bit diffident at times.I actually like that this MP3 download is presented as just three tracks (Overture, Act I, and Act II), because it can thus avoid the horrid gaps between tracks that often plague opera downloads.  However, I have to knock a star off because the recording seems to be cut.  For instance, just a few minutes into Act I, Siepi sings "misero, attendi" but there is no "se vuoi morir," and the brief orchestral music for his duel with the Commendatore is gone -- an extremely jarring cut.  I haven't noticed any other cuts of the sort yet, but this is problematic.  Still, at the price, even a slightly imperfect recording is more than worth it.  Don't hesitate to add this to your collection!
Much of the music of Soviet Russia is a mystery to the West, especially the viola works included here by composers Kryukov, Vasilenko, Frid, Krein and Bogdanov-Berezovsky. Naxos has gathered five rarely recorded and formerly unrecorded pieces into a recital format, showcasing these lost gems for lovers of the viola.Violist Igor Fedotov is joined by pianists Gary Hammond and Leonid Vechkhazyer as he brings the mid-20th Century works to life. The pieces are romantic and hopeful, steeped in a Russian sensibility that speaks directly to the modernization ushered in by the Soviet era. The compositions seemed trapped in that limbo world where the Soviets had left behind much of traditional Russian culture, all the while trying to stay ahead of the West in the Cold War. There are acknowledgments of the past, all the while attempting to stay contemporary. My favorite track is Vasilkeno's Sonata for Viola and Piano, a nontraditional and fragmented 18-minute piece in one movement that twists and turns through a number of themes before resolving beautifully at the end.
I have two recordings now by the newish ensemble Alte Musik K&ouml;ln, made up of some ex-members of the great Musica Antiqua, K&ouml;ln under Goebel.This CD features early-to-mid Baroque Italian works. The playing is first rate, technically there. The sound quality is even good, albeit a tad live. The only miss is the consistent quality of the music. Composers such as Caldara, Colista, Bonporti, Ravenscroft, Mannelli, Lonati, and Lulier are represented in chamber works. Of course, performed on Baroque instruments.It's a great disc, only shy the star because the music itself doesn't come from 5-star composers. The ensemble utilizes a variety of continuo instruments, which is nice. Warmly recommended.
This is a modulated but effective production of one of the most recognizable pieces of art music.  Other productions allow more volume and enhanced dramatic presentation; that is here lacking.  However, the music soars and so does the spirit.
This composer is amazing.  Very pleased indeed!  He is to be prized along with Bach, Mozart, Hayden and the rest. Unfortunately, as is the case in the U.S. where everything is traditionally white, this composer went unnoticed for years! But at last....he get's his props
All the music on this album is from the last half of the 20th century.  As I write, Amazon provides no track listing or music samples on the page for the CD of this album; both can, however, be found on thecorresponding MP3 page.The jewel of the album for me is Graeme Koehne's bizarrely-entitled "A Closed World of Fine Feelings and Grand Design", one of the most beautiful pieces I've heard for quite a while (I found the sheet music at the Australian Music Centre).Aleksandr Tsiboulski (playing, appropriately, a Smallman guitar) gives an outstanding performance throughout.  His  sound, in particular, is absolutely gorgeous, and I predict a bright future for him.But I find a few of the pieces rather dull, which is why I give the disc four stars instead of five.Your mileage may of course vary.The total time is 65'11".DISCLOSUREI received a free copy of this item for review.
This disc is a good introduction to the music of this eccentric 19th century composer.  It features excerpts from the usual suspects: Tannhauser, Die Meistersinger von Nurnberg, Der Fliegende Hollander, Lohengrin and Tristan und Isolde.  But one of the things that makes this sampler better than some others is that all the excerpts are lengthy and complete within themselves - for instance, the complete fifteen minute Overture to Tannhauser, etc.  The two featured orchestras, the Sofia Philharmonic Orchestra and the Budapest Symphony Orchestra, do a fine job on these offerings, adding the drama necessitated by this emotional composer.  All in all, a fine introduction to this fiery composer.
As a celebration of Alan Gilbert's rise to the directorship of the NY Phil., the orchestra's house label has released his initial season on CD and also as an online MP3 download. Here is the Mahler Third, which was programmed in Sept. 2009, with the experienced German mezzo Petra Lang as soloist; the women of the Westminster Choir and the boys of the American Boychoir fill out the roster. I wish that Amazon carried the CD versions of these concerts, which I will review one disc at a time rather than in the large box set originally issued by the Philharmonic.Longtime followers of the orchestra, dating back to the era of Mitropoulos, Walter, and Bernstein, are always anxious about how they are faring. Until gilbert's arrival, the news was either indifferent or dismal. Only Pierre Boulez, the immediate successor to Bernstein, made the NY Phil. as prominent as it should have been. Lorin Maazel was particularly uninteresting, and his tenure basically marked time. Therefore, Gilbert was greeted as a great leap forward and a kind of rejuvenation. The Times praised his every downbeat as a stroke of genius, but the evidence on radio was quite mixed. Despite his relative youth, Gilbert's instincts are musically sound but not inspired. The good news is that he seems overall to be as good as Tilson Thomas, with somewhat more flair.The deeply curious can compare his Mahler Third to another with the Philharmonic released as part of a complete cycle under Lorin Maazel, released just as he was departing. On bot the sound is studio quality, the playing powerful and technically immaculate. For some reason the notoriously bad acoustics of Avery Fisher Hall work out surprisingly well on disc, the secret being close-up miking. The perspective is close to what the conductor hears on stage.As to the interpretation, Gilbert's way with the Mahler Third is far more straightforward than Bernstein's famous Sony recording from almost fifty years ago, far less emotional or turbulent. I'd measure it against a similar reading by Salonen in Los Angeles (also on Sony, in unusually vivid sound). The Third's first movement is so titanic that its storms overwhelm the listener even when the conductor isn't doing much interpreting. Superb playing and orchestral balance go a long way, both in the Salonen and here.  Although he doesn't have Salonen's reputation for coolness, if anything gilbert is more controlled' there's not much passion in evidence.The second movement Minuet proceeds along the same lines, being impressive largely for the excellent sound and marvelous playing -- one is reminded that this orchestra of virtuosos is sadly undervalued outside New York. The heart of the Mahler Third is the Wunderhorn movement with the posthorn solo. Here I feared that gilbert would be too sober and lacking in color. He halfway met my fears with an opening that has no bite, wit, or sentimentality; this isn't the full measure of Mahler's world. Bu the pacing is quick and alert; once again the orchestral balances are skillfully handled. I can see why hearing tis performance in the hall was so striking. (The same effect took place when I heard the Chicago Sym. play this work under Haitink -- the marvels were flattened out, somehow, on the subsequent recording.)The slow movement, based on Nietszche's prophetic warnings to mankind, requires a sorrowful depth that Gilbert tries to achieve, on the whole very well; his tempo and Petra Lang's tone are suitably grave. Her voice is a bit too worn to sound cheerful in the choral movement that follows, however, and Gilbert does little but put one foot ahead of the other. Finally we arrive at the long Adagio that counterbalances the immense first movement. Gilbert's timing of 23 min. is a true Adagio, not a flowing Andante, and his phrasing, if not quite hypnotic or ravishing, is scrupulous and beautifully managed by the strings of the Philharmonic (if only they sounded this sweet in the hall).Overall, the feeling of a respectful, scrupulous reading holds good throughout, with its pluses and  minuses. Gilbert, like many in his generation, doesn't seem to feel Mahler as deeply as did past conductors on the order of Bernstein, Tennstedt, Barbirolli, and even Levine. We live in an era where technical excellence counts for more than it should.  On that score, like Salonen's account, Gilbert's is admirable in every way.
This unknown opera is well worth a hearing, especially for opera buffs. It was written in 1884 by the conductor of the Imperial Opera House in St Petersburg who conducted the premiers of Boris Godunov and Queen of Spades and obviously knew how to put a romantic Russian opera together. You will hear a lot of Tchaikovsky, some Verdi (a mini-Di Quella Pira) and maybe a few more composers. It has a great tenor aria, O give me Oblivion, a pretty French Duet and a good love duet-death scene. I enjoyed it.The other version with the great tenor Sergei Lemeshev is taken from a much abridged, made-for-Soviet-TV 1960 video. Whether additional material was added to the audio CD can't be told, as no timing is given.This complete 1955 Bolshi version is with Lemeshev's "rival", Ivan Kozlovsky as the hero, Dubrovsky. He does a fine job. The Soprano is a little squally, but ok. The other singers are all above average...what a lot of great singers we missed in the West during the Soviet era!The singers record well; the orchestra is another matter. Although it is below average by 1954 Western standard, it is ok and if your goal is just to hear this rarity, it will do the job. The conductor, Nebolsin, moves the procedings right along. (The Lemeshev video on You tube has even worse sound with lots of clicks and pops.)The 4 star ranking is because of the suboptimal acoustics and the C+ soprano. However, I can predict that there won't be more up-to-date recording in the near future. And I doubt it will have a tenor as good as Kozlovsky. (Although I like Lemeshev even better in the abridged video. Ah, would we had such choices nowadays.)_
This is familiar music but some that I did not have in my personal collection. This is really nice mellow music. But it is not dull music at all. In fact, some of the bagatelles are down right perky. I'm pleased to add this to my collection.
I liked this but didn't love it. Too rushed in some places. Try Herreweghe for what I consider definitive recordings of this piece:J.S. Bach: Mass in B MinororBach Mass In B Minor
Recordings of Monteverdi's great opera L'Incoronazione di Poppea grapple with more issues than do almost all other operas in the repertoire. The 3 main ones are a) 2 separate editions exist from Naples and Venice. The Venice edition was first but the Naples edition is a bit more complete and tracks the libretto more fully; b) the instrumental scoring (orchestration) was very sketchy. The orchestration is mostly written for continuo. While the basic instrumentation available then is known, it is not clear how the continuo was performed; c) the parts for Nerone and Ottone were intended for castrati soprano and alto men and therefore have to be sung by women or transposed down for tenor or baritone. The part for Nerone is particularly problematic because Monteverdi wrote the part so that it intertwines melodically with Poppea's. However the soprano line was to be sung by a male castrato who did not sound like a woman and could maintain dramatic effectiveness. To use a woman is right musically but wrong dramatically while transposing it for a man is right dramatically but wrong musically. Another important point to remember is that Monteverdi wrote these operas when the Renaissance modal system was fading but before major minor tonality had been codified. The vocal line is somewhat looser, more relaxed and does not have the same tonal shape that it had for say Lully, Handel, and Rameau 50 to 75 years later. Therefore it is not stylistically good to sing it either as a Renaissance chanson or as Handelian or later opera.Over the past 50 years conductors have adopted idiosyncratic solutions to these three issues in their recordings making the listener's choices quite confusing. I thought it might be useful to present a survey of the main recordings to help interested opera fans decide which recordings best fit their tastes. I have prepared a short summary of how each one handles the three issues noted plus a short review of each recording under its listing. In roughly chronological sequence they are: 1. Ewerhart 1962; 2. Pritchard 1963; 3. Curtis 1966; 4. Harnoncourt 1974; 5. Curtis 1978; 6. Rudel 1978; 7. Harnoncourt 1979; 8. Malgoire 1984; 9. Zedda 1988; 10. Hickox 1989; 11. Jacobs 1990; 12. Gardiner 1993; 13 Bolton 1997; 14. Cavina 2010.Grouped by edition, Curtis 1966 and 1978, Malgoire, Gardiner and Cavina mostly or fully use Naples while the rest use Venice. Grouped by orchestration, Pritchard, Rudel, Zedda and to a lesser extent Harnoncourt modernize and thicken the scoring while the rest conform more to period practice. The performers of Nerone are tenors for Ewerhart, Pritchard, Rudel, Harnoncourt 1979 and Malgoire and a countertenor for Bolton. The remaining recordings had the part of Nerone sung by a woman.This performance of Poppea by Cavina and La Venexiana is rather hard to characterize in terms of its approach. It adopts the Naples version but makes significant cuts in it. It then adds some instrumental interludes written by Cavalli years after Monteverdi passed away. It mostly follows period practice in the continuo but it enlarges and elaborates it right to the edge of modernization tendencies. In this respect it is probably the period performance closest in spirit to Harnoncourt's 1974 recording. On the other hand it does not adopt any transposition of voices, so Nerone and Ottone are sung by women and the parts of the two nurses are sung by travesty tenors. Cavina does avoid the issue of a Nerone who sounds more womanly than the Poppea. Or an Ottone more womanly than Drusilla. Roberta Mameli has a slightly boyish sounding mezzo while Emanuela Galli is a more typical soprano voice. However Mameli's duets with Galli while maintaining the same vocal register don't really soar either despite being well sung technically. Lo Monaco has a fairly low mezzo voice as Ottone and almosts sounds like a true contralto. This works well with Drusilla.The conducting by Cavina is similarly hard to characterize. One of the performance aspects most evident at the start is the relatively fast tempos not only through the Overture and Prologue (a good thing in my view quite frankly) but all the way through to the death of Seneca. The Non morir Seneca section is sung almost but not quite festively.  In addition, the characterization takes a back seat to vocalism. It is so completely refreshing to hear such fine Italianate singing that the listener can more easily forgive the backseat that the drama gets. I should also add that the singing is particualrly praiseworthy in the balance the singers achieve in the vocal line. They neither sing too forcefully nor too manneredly and observe the rather relaxed tonal shape of Monteverdi's melodies better than in any other recording of Poppea.  It is an amazing thing that Monteverdi's operas have so rarely been recorded with mostly Italian singers. Just when you think this is the nature of the whole performance, however, the tempos suddenly slow and the performance becomes much more dramatic. This shift occurs during the plotting by Ottavia with Ottone to kill Poppea. This dramatic emphasis basically continues from this point to the end of the opera excepting only the final duet between Nerone and Poppea.The recording quality is a very good digital production. There is no digititus to the high voices and the instruments come through cleanly, although it is not a "rich" sounding recording. In summary, I find myself liking this performance more on repetition than I did initially. The Italianate singing is almost unique in the period performances of Poppea and the continuo, while a bit overactive, still sounds unaggressive and musical. The rather abrupt shift noted 2/3 of the way through the opera between fast and slower tempos is rather disconcerting even on repeated listens however. Four or four and a half stars depending on my mood.
I'm a fan of classical music, so in the end, i loved the album (especially since it's free), but what in the world do these songs have to do anything with the 70'S?! The album cover alone is completely deceiving, making you think it's atleast some disco, but no!All i have to say is... Make sure you look at what you're getting exactly haha
The album cover shown reminds me of my disco days.But the music, albeit nice, is from 200 years before I was born...
Very nice, although the cadence of some pieces was slower than my expectations.  Hpowever this is a personal preferences, and opinion.  Well worth the price!
Really nicely done performance. The Opera in English series from Chandos is a wonderful idea, although somewhat uneven in execution. This recording of Nabucco, though, is one of the better ones. Get a good Italian recording first, but don't be scared to add this one in to your collection.
Both the conductor and orchestra obviously had a good time making this recording.  My exposure to Arnold Bax was among my earliest orchestral experiences and I am happy to have this complete set in my collection.  Generally I prefer the Scottish National and Gibson (Lloyd Jones is also pretty strong), but Handley is certainly up to the task of sorting out the textures in Bax's thick scores and he achieves more than a measure of success.  This is a fine purchase fiscally & aesthetically - get it!
Good music.  Good price.  Good performace.  Good recording quality.  Not spectacular, but nice.  Happy with purchase.  I heard the music on my satellite music channel, and like it. Went to Amazon they had it.  Listened to the samples.  Bought it, downloaded it, and I listen to it alot.  Very nice.  I am a classical music lover.  I don't spout that crud new college music students about music. I just say what I think.  I have a LOT of music...I have about 1000 classical LP's.  Better than a few college classes, LOL.
I liked the film so much that I purchased Jack Curtiss Dobowsky's often subtle sound track. Although the film was clearly a labor of love, it's not hard to guess why it did not garner widespread interest. It's a romance where spiritual needs are integral. What could seem a prompt for a week off from a life commitment of one of the pair becomes something different and much more enduring for both of them. The trailer is dominated by the eye candy more than the subtlety. The film is a tribute to friendship.
The only reason I subtracted a star was because there are atleast two duplicate tracks (the playing times differ).  Consideringthe number of tracks for the price, I am probably nitpicking; however,I can't help thinking that I might be missing two enjoyable tracks.
There are a lot of Goldberg Variation recordings out there (I have too many, I suspect), and many of them are fairly workaday. Few really pop out in a distinctive way, so it is exciting when one does.There are definitely some rough around the edges aspects of moments with this particular recording, but one almost wonders if they're just moments of a certain kind of audacity, because this is one of the more striking recordings of the Variations I have found in a while.The opening aria, for example--this is always such a key touchstone for the variations as a whole. The performers first statement. Do they play the repeats? Do they augment the ornamentation during the repeats? What tempo do they take it at. But, most of all, what do they make of the music?Schlime plays with an almost start-stop kind of hesitancy, not a lot, just enough to suggest a tentativeness. The playing is very light. No pedal, of course, but the absence of it is (normal of course) but somehow very powerfully evoked. More briefly, there's an immense pathos that is generated. The pace is slow, but played without the repeats, this doesn't let the piece drag out. A smart move. In part, it's the way he doesn't sustain his trills on the longer notes--instead of being these bravura little outbursts, they become comments on the aria, like all of the other brilliant little musical commentaries in this particularly exquisite composition. (If you are familiar with recordings of this piece, I strongly recommend downloading the mp3 of the aria and basking in Schlime's performance.)With the first variation, again his pace is on the slower side, and the repeats are not played so the piece does not drag. Meanwhile, while not overly exaggerating most of the contrapuntal voicing, there are these wonderful and wry eighth note accents he pops out in the left hand. Also, his extremely deft control of dynamics is an almost invisible piece of performance genius. It's like one can really hear a difference between his mezzo-piano and mezzo-forte (between his slightly soft and slightly loud).The second variation is more quiet and subdued, and again subtly weaves between something spikier than legato and something smoother than staccato. Or in variation no. 5, if the aria raised doubts that he could properly play a trill, they are on wonderful display here. Moreover, he may be the first to every literally play the implied phrasings in the opening left hand. Or again, the display of musical cunning in some of the descending lines of the left hand, popped out brightly and clearly (in contrast to others that are mixed in with the music more smoothly). It's just a joy to hear. Again, download this one and give it a listen.Not that the disc is flawless. Though he specialized in Bach at Julliard, variation 10 suffers from being a bit slow. With no. 12, a performance of the first repeat is a bit of a surprise, but seems to set up the greater forcefulness of the second half of the piece, which devolves into a bit of a muddle oddly. With no. 13, however, the grace and pathos of the aria returns again, very reminiscently hearkening back to the beginning despite the obvious differences in the music--a nice touch as the first half of the cycle rounds towards its end. Once again, the subtle shades of dynamics and the gradually slowing pace are both very nice touches. With no. 14, once again it is charmingly little accented notes that are a standout of the piece, though again things seem to get a little out of control toward the end, and the ending is very abrupt. No. 15 is one of the variations in G minor, and so one of the more desolate pieces. It can be terribly overplayed for pathos and become precious; Schlime avoids this, with an almost uniformly very soft sound and exceptional lightness of touch, especially in the left hand.No. 16 kicks off the second half of the variations with an overture, a fanfare, though Schlime's tempo, while natty and accelerating slightly, doesn't burst into the gloom of the last variation to dispel its gloominess as much as it could. More voom would have been nice here. No. 17, still on the slow side, nevertheless bops its way through with lots of crisp and yummy staccato. With no. 18, Schlime opts for slower still (and plays the repeat), going for an extremely spare atmosphere in a piece usually more toward the happy side. It's not entirely that it doesn't work, however ... no repeat in the second half. The pieces are starting to become a bit stylistically undifferentiated. The brilliance shown in the first five variations isn't nearly so present.No. 19, famously martial in Gould, is skippier here. Like many performers of Variations, there is sometimes a tendency to get stuck in an interpretive mode. The lightness and crispness that Schlime is evidently so good at tends to pile up in back to back Variations--a gloomier one like no 21 with its alternating hope and doubt helps Schlime's program. Some sharp dynamic variations in no. 20, though, didn't really save it from the lightness factor. With no. 22 right behind no. 21, once again Schlime's deftness is a joy and rewarding.And so we round the corner toward the homestretch. With 23, its effect, which is designed to agree with Schlime's kind of lightness of playing, is lost overall somewhat by being his default and by not playing with as much verve as this piece could use. No. 24, fares better with his style, although he plays with so much expressive rubato that the piece becomes curiously muddled again. With no. 25, the famous "black pearl," Schlime acquits himself well enough. The pathos he brought out in the aria would serve him here, and it does somewhat, but not nearly so much as in the aria. Once again, the variation following all of this minor gloominess seems to have more snap (as well as a missed chord in the second section), but this is largely because of the contrast. No. 27 seems underpowered. No 28, with its written out trills, provides a very useful framework for Schlime's strength, and thus it is very boppy and fun, full of accents all over the place. No. 29 does accelerate from its overly slow start; it could have started faster in the first place but the acceleration is a nice touch (along with the repeat). With no. 30 (the quodlibet, which is a musical joke), Schlime (like most) seems unaware of the joking nature of the song, and plays it too straight-faced.Despite the excess of lightness that informs back to back non-minor variations, there is a lot to recommend this disc. Unusually, the stand out tracks are the naturally slower ones, rather than the usual Goldberg suspects. And with the Aria da Capo, the poignant brokenness of the first time around is exaggerated in the second, very effectively. Schlime seems to have a very keen sense of moody pieces.A very charming disc that could have benefited from more variation by Schlime. To be honest, it seems like he ran out of interpretive steam--perhaps his youth can be faulted for that. The opening seemed to show more music attention to the pieces. Still, a very solid piece of work, and a version of the aria that is worth of being owned and remembered. (Try the mp3 download.) I do like pulling this one off the shelf and giving it a spin more than many that I have.
This has to be one of the most precise choral groups that I've heard in a while.  I am just now hearing of this group with this disc.  Their attention to the language is notable as it should be since they are German natives.  Their consideration of the music of Brahms makes any fan of his music swoon.  Dynamics are clear, phrasing swells and diminishes in the perfect places, and the diction is precise.  Their overall sound is somewhat straight tone...however there is warmth that is present here that you don't typically hear from other choirs with that type of tone.  More importantly, their intonation does not suffer.  They are in one in tone and breath.  I felt swept away by their presentation of these choral works of Brahms.  This CD is definitely a good choice for those who enjoy choral music.
Bach and Haydn, watch out!  In my opinion, Corelli has not received much deserved attention for decades. The Chamber orchestra does well by him on this recording.
For the price, this is a very good re-release of a 1952 recording as Maria Callas's voice was still in good form before the gradual breakdown from the weight loss and the resulting decline in her ability to sustain her breath control for all the heavy and demanding roles she sung.  Sound quality is decent.  A very viable alternative to the higher priced EMI recording from 1959.
A work of kaleidoscopic complexity, difficult to &#34;hold together,&#34; masterfully performed.  Recording feels a bit dated: very crisp but often shrill or raucous.
Excellent recording quality but the artist lacks the ability to demonstrate the soul and spirit of the pieces. Better off buying something by Simone Dinnerstein, whose playing clearly demonstrates a much deeper understanding of Bach's music.
A very interesting selection of fine Japanese pieces. Recommended for all people visiting Japan currently or in future.Very good indeed.
It was exactly what I was looking for. Nice, relaxing CD that I find get me relaxed and calmed down.
A while back Leon Botstein and the A.S.O. gave a concert in NYC devoted to Cowell's music at which (I believe) this symphony was performed. Wish I could have been there! In fact, I suspect that this may have been recorded at that concert. Cowell is a much underrated composer who deserves to be heard more often and so three very loud cheers for the enterprising Mr Botstein and his band.I only know a few Cowell symphonies (4,5,7,15 and 16) through digital re-issues of old LPs so it's good to hear one of them in a modern recording.  It's a shame, though, that more of an effort wasn't made to remove audience noise between tracks - and there's a single clap at the very end which could easily have been edited out. But that's a small quibble. This symphony is, like most of Cowell's music, eccentric but highly engaging. I know of no other composer who can sound avant-garde, whilst in the same work use beautiful, pentatonic melodies that might've given Vaughan Williams a twinge of envy! As far as I know 'Anthropos' refers to the first human, or the origins of humanity (hence 'anthropology') but I don't quite know what we're supposed to make of this title as it applies to this music. There are no sleeve notes with downloads, of course!The first movement is slow and introductory in nature, with rather lovely themes. The second is a short, rhythmically interesting scherzo, very percussive. The third movement is an astringent, rather tense slow movement (the longest of the four) and the finale is an invigorating and extremely enjoyable allegro, excitingly scored, on what sounds like Gaelic folk themes. Cowell's next symphony, the 3rd, is called 'The Gaelic' and has never been recorded - (yes, Mr Botstein, that is a hint!) How good would it be to have recordings of the 3rd, 4th and 5th symphonies next (you could get them all on one disc). Or what about a complete cycle of all HC's symphonies.If you're interested in American music, do give this a try. For not much more than 3.00 what have you got to lose?
This is a great recording of Bruno Walter's Apollonian interpretation of a Mozart's Rococo symphony. Performance is amazing.  Unfortunately, sound is not great.  But, if you like both Bruno Walter and Mozart, it's worth hearing.
This is the culmination of Mozart's Salzburg years - a "sampler" of his work: Florid Operatic aria styles, a cantus firmus setting,a double fugue for chorus & orchestra, a foretaste of the Requiem. Lovely as the music is, it does take repeated hearings for the text to come through.
The biggest pain about this is that while the tracks contain all the music in the right order, you'll need a score or my playbook to know what you're really listening to.Track 1 is the only one correctly labeled: GigueTrack 2: MenuetTrack 3: PreghieraTrack 4: Theme & Variations I-VTrack 5: Variations VI-VIITrack 6: Variations VIII-IXTrack 7: Variation X-FinaleThe piece is something of a musical gryphon, music of Mozart recast with Tchaikovsky's romantic sensibilities.  If you find Grieg's looking back in his Holberg Suite agreeable to you, you'll probably enjoy this also.The performances are suave without risk-taking, but survive multiple hearings just fine.
I haven't listened to this piece enough to comment on the performance but the piece is surely a masterpiece. And because of the dearth of recordings there is little to compare to (that I am aware of).However I just read an article about Grieg and this composition. While I am not a Grieg aficionado it is still surprising that I could be a music listener for most of my life without knowing about this piece. If you like solo piano it it very likely that you will like this.
This recording of the tree short pieces of Gershwin is good and clear. Mario-Ratko performs in a sharp and decent jazzy-modern way. Enjoy!
While I liked this album, it is not as good as Vol.1 which was super. I do enjoy lesser know works.
I have repeatedly found Vadim Gluzman to be one of the most underrated violinists around today. Here he plays two breathtaking interpretations of the Korngold and Dvarionas violin concertos as well as the miniature "By the Lake" by Dvarionas. Personally, I am not a big fan of Korngold's cinematic musical languauge which is the only reason why I cannot give this CD five stars, Gluzman's interpretation is more than satisfactory. The Dvarionas concerto is absolutely astounding. This is the first time I have heard this piece, and it is a shame that it is not better known. It's fusion of folk melodies with late Romantic and 20th century harmonies is beautifully reminiscent of the Sibelius concerto. Gluzman's technical mastery is on full display in the outer movements, as is his capacity for emotional passages in the tender Andante.
This is a great historical recording.  Fritz Kreisler embodied the romantic style of violin playing.  This will fit well into anyone's library.
Well, OK, Solti neer was considered a Great Beethoven conductor. There are just so many truly great ones. Why bother with this one? Not for a definitive reading, or performance, or sound production. Solti is young and bold and trying to find a sweet spot between those of previous Greats. So he has some interesting ideas that (to my ear) do not quite come off in a sustained way. The orchestra was to become one of the internationally renown orchestras. But wasn't quite there when Solti recorded this. Brass has some issues and strings were not yet as smooth as they were to become.But sometimes it is useful for the dedicated listener to step out of standard classical performances and listen to those who are willing to try and not quite succeed.
Of the three recordings Solti made with the Wiener Philharmonic, (Symp 3,5 & &) I enjoyed this one the most, but gave all three four stars...for effort...mostly because it feels as though Solti is trying to come up with some nuanced interpretations of these classic works. Not recommended for first timers. These work as a slightly different and, perhaps, somewhat unfinished readings as a change from the acknowledged masters. Solti was young, probably anxious to impress, and therefore, perhaps less inhibited and polished in his conceptions. The Philharmoniker was also not yet at its peak. The horns are off from time to time and the strong no where near as polished as they later became.But for this price worth getting just to listen to a musician and orchestra trying....
This collection, at almost $18 for a digital album, is a little steep - the only reason I'm not giving it 5 stars. There are some repeats on the album which is fine - we get to hear Segovia's interpretation of the piece in different settings/concerts. So, $18 gets you about as many Bach pieces. All that aside, it sure is nice to have a mostly clean (old recording technology to blame for the small crackles here and there) collection of a master interpreting another master. Sometimes all you want is a little Bach via classical guitar - Segovia delivers.
These performances are taken, for the most part, from Arturo Toscanini's final two concerts with the NBC Symphony Orchestra.  Originating in Carnegie Hall, the programs were broadcast by NBC on March 21 and April 4, 1954, and had the distinction of being the only Toscanini performances recorded in experimental stereophonic sound.  It would appear that some of the rehearsals were utilized in preparing in the final edit.  There are a couple of minutes near the end of the third movement of the Tchaikovsky symphony which are NOT in stereo; reportedly, the stereo tapes were missing this portion, so the mono tape was used in electronically doctored in a somewhat unsatisfactory effort to create stereo sound.  However, the missing stereo version of this section HAS been found and may eventually be included in future releases of the symphony.The recordings were made with two microphones, which were apparently placed rather low near the apron of the stage and were rather close together, so the stereo effect is not as impressive as some of the other RCA stereo recordings made with Fritz Reiner and the Chicago Symphony Orchestra and Charles Munch and the Boston Symphony Orchestra.There are some ensemble problems in the first movement of the Tchaikovsky symphony, which apparently could not be covered from the tapes of the rehearsals.  Overall, this performance of the symphony is quite powerful and dramatic.  The first movement is much longer than Toscanini's 1947 commerical recording, also made in Carnegie Hall, but it is clearly more emotional and deeply moving.  The orchestra is in top form, despite Toscanini's reported failure to provide decisive leadership as he secretly faced the prospect of retirement and NBC's decision to disband the orchestra.One disappointment is the absence of Rossini's overture to "Barber of Seville," which opened the March 21 concert.  Perhaps the stereo version no longer exists; I have not been able to find this performance in stereo from other sources, only a high quality aircheck in mono is available, including Ben Grauer's introduction from the NBC broadcast.The Wagner excerpts, from the very final concert, are much better than we would expect.  Toscanini's state of mind was, according to close friends and associates, very troubled and he almost left the stage before conducting the final prelude from "Die Meistersinger," until one of the musicians reminded him there was one more piece to conduct.  What had happened?  Toscanini had faltered during the long Overture and Bacchanale from "Tannhauser," the very lengthy (25 minute) orchestral masterpiece.  NBC had actually temporarily cut off the performance and started playing Toscanini's commercial recording of Brahms' first symphony.  When it became clear that Toscanini had regained his composure, the performance of the Wagner overture returned to the air.  The faltering in the orchestra was recorded, but this release uses a rehearsal recording to cover that; the only problem is that there is a change in pitch on the compact disc because the engineers failed to adjust the differences between the two performances.These are important documents and, especially for Toscanini fans, a rare opportunity to hear him conducting the NBC Symphony Orchestra in full stereo.  The remastering of the stereo tapes has actually improved the sound, too, from the rather dull-sounding originals.
I find myself using this CD to fall asleep a lot.  Very comforting.  Her voice is so pleasant and relaxing.
This is one of three Beethoven Symphony recordings Solti made with the Wiener Philharmoniker. (3,5 & 7) Neither the music director nor the orchestra were yet at the pinnacle of performance they eventually achieved. And Solti is not, generally considered a significant Beethoven interpreter. Horns are off, and strings not yet quite together. The sound is also not the best.So why bother? Well: It feels as though Solti is TRYING to find something new to say and has some ideas. (Too many to note in a short review) If you already own the masters performing these master works then you might be interested in hearing Solti's mind trying to get something new and intense from the notes.For the price, worth it. Just to hear an up and coming conductor work with an up and coming orchestra and actually trying to do something original...
The music is absolutely beautiful, and I found the first piece so beautiful, I immediately found everything I could by Miaskovsky.  That piece was worth the whole album.The performances were stellar, and I loved all of the pieces.  However, the sound quality was poor.  I'd give the performances 4-1/2 stars, and the sound quality 3 stars.  It's a shame that such a lovely recording is flawed in such a basic manner.
A fresh look done with accuracy and respect.  Good sound too.  Not quite equal to Berglund's famous recording but at this price it's a must have!
This young man is an immense talent.  Technical wizadry, thoughtful use of tone and sensitive artistry all at once.  Well chosen pieces.
If one is a lover of late-romantic orchestral music (i.e., if one can't get enough of sinking into the overstuffed orchestral divan of Schmidt, Schreker, Zemlinsky, Korngold, Delius and Scriabin), perhaps one has speculated on what a work amalgamating all those luscious styles would be like--a sort of "hyper-romantic" sound-bath? Well, believe it or not, here it is--Joseph Marx's "Ein Herbstsymphonie".Being a singer's accompanist, until now I had known Marx only as the composer of exquisite songs in an idiom redolent of Austrian/German late romanticism at its most deliciously decadent. I stumbled upon Botstein's MP3's of "Ein Herbstsymphonie" (Autumn Symphony--this recording is available ONLY in this format) while looking for a better recording of Roger Sessions' Symphony No.2 (Botstein's is highly recommendable).Marx's songs gave me some idea of what to expect, but I never imagined anything like THIS! "Ein Herbstsymphonie" IS an amalgam of the idioms of the composers mentioned above--the restlessly modulating melody and harmony of late romanticism, the palpitating nature rhapsodies of Delius, the quivering ecstasy of Scriabin. Hyper-romantic intensity hardly ever lets up as one gorgeous strand succeeds another--endless melody embedded in the lushest overlays of quivering, overripe orchestral counterpoint imaginable--rather like Gustav Klimt translated into music. This is the composer's tribute to ripening, maturation and last things--a sunset prolonged into an autumnal glow lasting over an hour. Although I'm very familiar with German/Austrian late romanticism, my first hearing of "Ein Herbstsymphonie" left me limp and overwhelmed--I'd never heard anything like it.Nevertheless, Marx's symphony is not just a sound-bathe--even the loveliest sounds begin to pall if there is no underlying structure. After two hearings I began to realize that it's built out of several themes that help the work to hang together. Particularly memorable is a pentatonic motif that is easily playable on the black keys of the piano: E-flat, D-flat, B-flat, A-flat, followed by its transposition up a fourth. Marx subjects his material to continual development and transformation, requiring the listener's constant concentration.Of course, Botstein's MP3 download doesn't come with notes, but a wealth of information can be found on Berkant Haydin's webpage about the composer: [...]Point of interest: Botstein and the American Symphony Orchestra have quietly amassed a large catalog of over 125 MP3's of their live performances, all available on AMAZON. Many romantic and 20th century rarities are included. It's worth taking a look at--just search for "Botstein American Symphony Orchestra" among the MP3's on AMAZON.So why the four stars despite my enthusiasm for the work? Because, for several reasons, I prefer the world-premiere recording (10/25/2005) by Michel Swierczewski (pronounced, I guess, "sveer-CHEV-ski) and the Recreation Grosses Orchester, Graz--despite its greater abundance of rich and fruity coughing from the audience. First, Botstein's recording is over 13 minutes SHORTER than Swierczewski's. That alone doesn't prove it's cut, but it makes me suspicious. Also, Swierczewski's tempi are broader than Botstein's, which, in a piece like this, is all to the good. He gives the lush lyricism the room it needs to expand and make its full effect. This also gives the listener more time to perceive and savor Marx's luxuriant contrapuntal overlays, yet Swierczewski never allows point-to-point momentum to sag. (To be fair, both orchestras play magnificently.) The recording is available as MP3 or AAC downloads from Swierczewski's own website, "MicMacMusic"--"micmacmusic.com" --just click on "Live Concerts Downloads" on the upper left of the home page. If this recording were available on AMAZON, I would give it the full five stars and more.If I've made you curious, Botstein's recording is a good way to "wet your feet", but one really MUST go for the Swierczewski. "Ein Herbstsymphonie" is a MUST for late-romantic symphonic music junkies--don't hesitate to make the acquaintance of this extraordinary piece! Now, if only ASV's four CD's of Marx's other orchestral music were back in the catalog--they're not even available anymore as MP3's. BRILLIANT CLASSICS, there's is a job for YOU.
Few composers have such a terrible personal story as Tyberg.  A victim of the Nazis, his music was spirited out of Germany before he was arrested, and turned up years later in the United States.Tyberg's music is clearly in the Bruckner camp.  The second movement is almost Mahlerian in its treatment of a triple-meter scherzo, and the way that the harmony continually threatens to go atonal, like Mahler's later works.For a lesser-known orchestra, this recording stands out impressively.  The Buffalo Philharmonic under Falletta is quite good.  There are a few places, especially in the faster tempos, where the instrumentalists could have stayed together better, but if you like this symphony (and I think you will), it is a minor observation.  When you listen to how well balanced they are, and if you can hear the passion in the playing as I do, whatever minor faults there are in this performance are made that much more trivial.Tyberg is a relative unknown with a sad ending.  This recording is proof enough that it's long past time to hear what it is that he wanted to say.
This collection - available only as MP3 download - is a welcome reissue of Record 7 in the Readers Digest albumReader's Digest: Treasury of Great Operettas.TREASURY OF GREAT OPERETTAS was first released as a 9-Lp set in 1963. Conductor Lehman Engle recalled the recording sessions on the summer of 1962 as being a joy. There was no pressure, just a determination to make this album the finest possible collection of condensed operettas. The cast included opera singers (Anna Moffo, Jeanette Scovotti, Sara Mae Endich) and Broadway performers (Peter Palmer, Avon Long) with a full orchestra and chorus.Each operetta was sensibly condensed to fill one LP side- aprroximately 23 minutes. In all there were 18 in the original set (A U.K. edition was 12 Lp's with 24 operettas.)Not every show is technically an operettas: Some were extravaganzas (Victor Herbert's BABES IN TOYLAND), some were musical plays (SHOW BOAT) or musical comedies (NO NO NANETTE, ROBERTA), while Gershwin's PORGY AND BESS was created as a folk opera.The original set contained:DIE FLEDERMAUS (available on CD in RD Johann Strauss album)MLLE. MODISTETHE MERRY WIDOW (available in CD set)A WALTZ DREAMA NIGHT IN VENICEBABES IN TOYLANDTHE DESERT SONG (available in CD set)NAUGHTY MARIETTA (available in CD set)ROSE MARIE (available in CD set)BLOSSOM TIMETHE STUDENT PRINCE (available in CD set)THE RED MILLSHOW BOAT (available in CD set)THE NEW MOON (available in CD set)PORGY AND BESS (available on CD in RD George Gershwin album)THE VAGABOND KINGROBERTA (available in CD set)SONG OF NORWAYThe following were offered as bonus records in a very limited number of U.S. releases as well as being part of the 12-Lp U.K. edition:THE GYPSY BARONNO NO NANETTE (available in CD set)BITTER SWEETCOUNTESS MARITZATHE CHOCOLATE SOLDIERTHE WHITE HORSE INNThe set was available exclusively from Readers Digest through the 1960s, then disappeared from their catalog. In 1994 RD Music issued a 3-CD setReader's Digest: Treasury of Great Operettasincluding 9 of the titles (as noted above.)There is nothing really wrong with either of the programs here, but there are many other more complete recordings of SHOW BOAT available, and THE NEW MOON has a splendid recent recording available from Ghostlight.The New Moon (2003 Encores! Revival Concert Cast)Since these recordings were originally made by Reader's Digest, they own the masters. It would make sense to make the others in this album available in this format, particularly some of teh rarer items: MLLE. MODISE, BLOSSOM TIME, A NIGHT IN VENICE, BABES IN TOYLAND,  & THE WHITE HOUSE INN so collectors can have access to better quality copies of these much loved presentations.One can only hope!
I really like this disk. Smut is a modern day version of Carmina Burana poetry.  There's a pop and ancient pop sound to some of the tracks.  It's a bit on the short side as albums go but worth it.  Some fun vocals not in English.
The problem with the term "classical" is that for many it has come to connote a classic period. It therefore stands to reason that modern "classical" must distinguish itself by being deliberately obtuse, sometimes to popular acclaim (minimalism) and sometimes not (atonalism). And then we have Victoire.Like other reviewers, I was entranced by this band's live performance but have some difficulty describing the music to others. These easiest parallel here would be The Books, who similarly use stringed instruments over glitchy beats and distant, warbled spoken word samples. But Victoire's sound is more orchestral, built around keyboards, violin, cello, and choral harmonies. Part "My Life In The Bush Of Ghosts," part film score, part Steve Reich, part early Aphex Twin, part Kronos Quartet, and part Debussy, "Cathedral City" evokes (to this listener, at least) the wonder, fragmentation and the hint of underlying menace of modern urban life. This is 21st century music. Call it classical if you like.
I can't quite pin down what it is I don't like about Ruders, but whatever it is, it is missing from these String Quartets! Just as a comparison, I'd recommend them over the Norgard 1-6 (Kontra); maybe it the unpretentiousness of the flow. or just the proper contours, but, since they're finally available again, why don't you give them a spin?Recommended for the Ruders
Please note that this album isn't exclusively Ragtime - it also contains some stride/jazz pieces.If Ragtime is what you are after, check out Richard Dowling's other album,World's Greatest Piano Rags. It's excellent.When Dowling sticks to the original compostion, the results are very pleasing. He does at times take a different tact to playing certain phrases - occasionally swapping legato for staccato (and vice-versa), and this gives him a kind-of signature sound (he doesn't do this excessively).It's when he takes more of an artistic license with embelishments that I'm tempted to hit the fast forward button. For example, his excursions on "The Entertainer" seem rather dubious to me.For the most part though, this album is quite listenable (especially liked "Handful of Keys" and "Magnetic Rag").
These are very talented musicians. Very upbeat music to listen to. Guaranteed to chase away the blues. Perfect summer time band concert.
I like this album because it has fun dance/tango style music, but also soft emotional pieces as well. I really enjoy the Irish Air piece that is very tranquil (Wake Unto Me).
This cd is full of exciting music that will expand the standard listening of the average horn player. Baborak is amazing, as usual. I gave four out of 5 stars only because some of the technical passages seem to heavily emphasize the technique of &#34;tongue-stopping&#34;, which is not my cup of tea.
This is a wonderful Christmas CD for those who enjoy classical music and the musical charm of Christmas.  There is a variety of music and the performances are excellent.  The CD features several songs by Rosephanye Powell, as well as other composers. Dr. Powell's diverse music is full of beauty, richness, intensity,and charm.  You can hear aspects of her life as an African-American woman from childhood, through love, social struggles and spiritual heritage. Dr. Powell's songs are just one facet of the CD.  As varied as her flavors are, the remainder of the CD is diverse as well! There are orchestrated songs, a cappella songs (check out Dr. Powell's original song in the style of a spiritual "Have You Seen the Baby Jesus" sung by a beautiful well known soprano in the Baltimore area).  I was especially absorbed in "Christus Natus Est".  This is an intense song setting the text of an African-American poet (I think its Countee Cullen but I could be wrong).  But it describes how the birth of baby Jesus is only the beginning of the story because one day Christ will return for his own and there will be no more strife, injustice, prejudices and pain.  I love this one with orchestra.  There is an African song to by Dr. Powell titled Ogo ni fun Oluwa.  The choir is wonderful and the orchestra is strong.  This is a must have for generations to come!
Caterina Valente has been singing hit tunes for over 50  years.  The "The Breeze and I" may be her greatest.  Now she sings with the edge taken off, and  in a more civilized style, like Bobby Short.  She is like fine old port wine compared to two year aging.  If you like her voice, but never cared for her "scat" jazzy style, this album may be for you.
The movements are appropriately broken up, but between some of the movements (e.g.,VI 4-5), it blinks like a tv would if it had black and white dots all over the screen and it is making that chhhhhhhhhhhhhhh sound but only more staccato; it startles you. Overall, it is worth it to buy it.
New Amsterdam Records is enjoying many releases this year and seems to be creating a certain style or brand. Many of the releases I've heard this year feature composers that combine both classical and rock/pop elements. Penelope is no exception, but is the most convincing attempt from the label so far.  Composer Sarah Kirkland Snider writes this song cycle for alto voice, a chamber string orchestra, drum set, and electric guitar among other things. One limitation all of these records have so far is a loss of rock music feeling. More clearly, a lot of these albums add drum set or other rock instruments but often it comes off as stale and too Dream Theater for my tastes. That is where Penelope differs.These songs pull off the chamber pop sound while keeping hold of the rock feeling in the drums and guitars. Probably the most successful composer that does this is Clint Mansell in The Fountain soudtrack, but Snider is a close second. The Lotus Eaters is the best example of Snider's control both compositionally and emotionally.  Snider's string writing is quite stunning and Shara Worden's voice clearly floats above these lush textures.  The drums and guitar are not distracting, but add a nice element to the composite sound.New Amsterdam should be proud to release their most convincing album that has equal footholds in the classical and pop worlds.
Acclaimed Monteverdi specialist Roberta Mameli ventures into jazz. On most tracks she maintains the original voicing from the score accompanied by renaissance instruments in the traditional way, while jazz soloists on saxophone, trumpet, drum set (brushes), or cello pick up melodic lines, provide harmonic accompaniment, or give a rythmic background thus transforming the old pieces into a blend of renaissance and jazz. On some tracks even the harpsichord ventures into jazz harmonies, changing the mood from Jan Garbarek-like improvisations over a set renaissanc theme to a more daring jazz setting.The tracks are well executed and recorded. It may take a while to get used to this ecclectic blend of musical styles...
Nice for sure  but who wrote what?? Which composer wrote which piece?  I did like some more than others,but how could I find out which is which.??? Amazon often list collections of music with multiple composer butfails to tell you who wrote what.  Even though i like this i would not buy it missing important info. too bad.!
Until John Morgan and William Stromberg produced their own recording of the score to "The Treasure of the Sierra Madre", only short suites existed, the most impressive recorded by Charles Gerhardt, available in the "Casablanca. Classic Film Scores for Humphrey Bogart" cd."The Charge of the Light Brigade" score has been recorded twice: a 30 minutes suite in 1994 recorded for Marco Polo (Historical Romances. Richard Kaufman conducting the Brandenburg Philharmonic), arranged by John Morgan; finally Tribute Film Classics has produced the complete score, contained in a double cd (William Stromberg conducting the Moscow Symphony Orchestra)The present cd is a valid alternative to the other recordings; according to the booklet notes, conductor Barry Kolman made extensive researches in the Warner Bros. archives and arranged the scores from the original orchestrations, the same job of the Morgan-Stromberg team.Kolman is a sincere admirer of Max Steiner and this cd is the demonstration of his love for this music.My only reserve is about the interpretation: a little bit heavy conducting, and in certain passages less force and freshness than in the Kaufman or Stromberg versions (my favourites).Track list:The Treasure of the Sierra Madre (Suite)T.T. 30:531. I Pardners 08:262. II Bandits 06:393. III Madness 10:234. IV Durango 05:14The Charge of the Light Brigade (Suite)T.T. 35:045. I Introduction: The Light Brigade, Romance, Sarat Khan 07.216. II Massacre 11:507. III The Charge 15:42Slovak State Philharmonic Orchestra, Barry Kolman, conductorPlaying time: 66:014,5 stars.Centaur RecordsStereo DDD (Recorded January-April 1997)
Bruce Wolosoff's compositions are arguably some of the most important by a living American composer.  This recording is a fine example of his music, and will introduce the listener to the melodies, themes, and cadences that inform Wolosoff's work."Songs Without Words" is a complex tableau rooted in American popular music (Gershwin, the Blues) which is, like the work of Stravinsky (whom he references) informed by a traditional, classical training.  Wolosoff is a master at referencing, and his music is often a kind of post-modern reinterpretation of music you feel you may have "heard before."  Yet it is also genuine, heart-felt, and, at times, even sentimental, giving off none of the cold aura of some modern-day Classical music.
Wilhelm Furtwangler was so well-known as a conductor that it comes as a surprise, even to experienced music-lovers, that he was also a composer. His completed three symphonies, two movements for unnumbered symphonies, and an overture. This CD is a historical recording of a live performance in 1954 by another famous conductor, the late Eugen Jochum, an ardent Furtwangler disciple. This version invites comparison with a 1953 live recording made by Furtwangler with the Vienna Philharmonic Orchestra, which fits onto a single CD; the Jochum version, at 83 minutes, is spread over two CDs.The program notes for the Furtwangler version give some information about the symphony; those for the Jochum version explain the relationship between Furtwangler and Jochum, but give no information about the work itself. Since this work is so little-known, some information about it would have been helpful and should surely have been included.One might argue that no one knows better than the composer how he or she wants his or her works to be performed, and that therefore the Furtwangler version has to be the more authentic of the two. However, since Jochum worked so closely during his lifetime with Furtwangler, the differences, I suggest, are minimal in this case. The recorded sound on the Furtwangler version is tolerable, but that of the Jochum version is appreciably better.The difference in timing between the two versions is not much - 79:37 (Furtwangler) vs. 82:53 (Jochum) - but it's enough to force use of a second CD. So which would I recommend? On balance, the Jochum, despite the additional CD format and the poorer program notes.Ted Wilks
I'm starting to read a book about Hedy Lamar.  It turns out to be almost a double-biography with George Antheil.  I know his Ballet M&eacute;canique very well but am unfamiliar with his piano work.  To give myself a better framework for this book and since I am very interested in 20th century music from a composer's point of view I picked this up.There is an obvious touch of jazz in most of the music.  Some of it can almost be jazz - a very abstract jazz for the 20s, but still jazz.  The music can be forceful and percussive when it pleased Antheil.  You can hear the Stravinsky influence on a lot of pieces and maybe even some influence from French composers - the earlier works in particular reminds me a little of Debussy.  Occasionally it sounds like whole lines are lifted out of (or were put into) the Ballet M&eacute;canique - not a bad thing as it was a ground-breaking work that every music student is familiar with.I really enjoy this music and will get a lot of play and will form the background music as I read about his and Hedy Lamar's collaboration making ground-breaking inventions...
Innovative and somewhat avant-garde.  It's certainly worth the price.Her subharmonic technique is certainly the proverbial &#34;slick trick.&#34;  I'm especially impressed with how fluidly she switches between subharmonics and regular technique.  However, I'm not sure that subharmonics are ultimately realistic on a violin.  There are those who argue that a violin's sound board is already acoustically too small to resonate even the normal pitches of the G string.  Anything lower than that is definitely dubious;  the resulting sound is a bit scratchy, and not &#34;full-bodied.&#34;  Even still, it's quite an impressive technique, and fascinating to listen to!This is largely solo violin, with not much accompaniment.  That's the overall nature of the album.  In general, musical interpretation is well-done.The MP3 coding of this is good, but it seemed just a tiny bit buzzy.
Michael Levy has given us a musical treat.  Of the 12 items on the album, 6 are reconstructions of what ancient Greek music played on the lyre might be like, and the other 6 are his original compositions for the instrument.  General listeners might find the latter more accessible, as they are influenced by modern musical tastes, but if you have an interest in historical pieces the other six are well worth listening to.  Mr. Levy, though not a formally trained musician, is passionate about the instrument and the music that went with it.  His website, ancientlyre.com, has ample evidence of his scholarship.  If you listen to the samples, you'll find that his mastery of the instrument is clear and his musical sensitivity and talent are also evident.  In terms of his technique as well as sense of melody and rhythm, the pieces are intriguing.  I hope you find them as enjoyable as I have.
I already have Wagner's &#34;Der fliegende Holl&auml;nder (The Flying Dutchman)&#34; and is a good classic; I started getting operas because I heard them in cartoon when I was younger, I heard Wagner's operas in the Looney Tunes short &#34;What's Opera, Doc?&#34; and when I learned they were operas I got them when I did; this one is good, very Viking (Norse type)-like.
I heard a little of Emily Howell online when I was Stumbling, and the few sample bits they had were enough to get me to buy the CD. It didn't disappoint, and I think the music is quite good. I'm no critic by a long shot, but if classical music is your thing then I'd give it a shot.
I'm new to opera and am picking up a few of the less expensive MP3 downloads to get started with.  One thing to keep in mind about this one is that, although it says the original release date is 2010, and that may be true, the actual recording date is decades earlier.  Jussi Bjorling (here in the role of Radames) died in 1960.  I assume this is the 1955 recording mentioned in the Wikipedia article on Bjorling.  Although the recording is good for the period (I haven't noticed any hiss or pops), it lacks the presence of a modern stereo recording.
I would count Dag Wir&eacute;n (1905-1986) among that group of composers, perhaps including Lajtha, Markevitch, Surinach and others, who may not belong to the very forefront of 20th century music, whose styles were hardly groundbreaking, and whose compositional ranges were somewhat limited, yet whose music is nevertheless highly personal, individual, and immediately recognizable - I wager that, with little exaggeration, I would be able to name the composer after five seconds of music picked from virtually anywhere in a work written by any of these. In the case of Wir&eacute;n the style is a melodically-based, witty neo-classicism with a distinct Nordic tone - even when he wrote music designated "Romantic", there is a certain almost astringently dryish, but buoyant and crisp feel to it.This is, of course, the case with the Romantic Suite, which is based on incidental music Wir&eacute;n wrote for a 1944 production of `The Merchant of Venice'. In five movements (whose fourth movement gives the disc its title) this is fabulously tuneful, utterly charming and enjoyable music with plenty of infectious tunes, deftly employed in what is essentially high-quality light music. The flute concerto from 1972 is somewhat more serious in tone, and there are some darker, ominous clouds over the proceedings; yet overall this is another appealing, lively affair, and one that would probably deserve somewhat wider exposure."Plats p scenen" is a ballet written for the dancer and choreographer Mengarelli, who died just before the music was supposed to be premiered - with the result that Wir&eacute;n's music lay unperformed until this recording took place. The music is light and bright and humorous, well worth hearing but not quite as memorable as the Romantic Suite. Throughout the DalaSinfoniettan under Stefan Karpe provides first-rate advocacy for the music with lively, colorful performances, and Jan Bengtson is an impressive soloist in the concertino. The sound is first-rate, the playing time (47'01) somewhat stingy, but overall this is a very recommendable release for those who enjoy tuneful and lively music - and especially for those who already know the composer through cpo's excellent survey of his symphonies.
A kaleidoscope is a tube containing mirrors and bits of colored glass or beads that makes various beautiful and changing patterns as you twist the tube.  Swedish baritone Peter Mattei's kaleidoscope, is a collection from his 15 year recording history with BIS.  Mattei is best known for his operatic performances, especially as Don Giovanni, but curiously none of those are included in this BIS sampler.  Instead, it's a rather odd compilation of sentimental Scandinavian songs, Christmas songs, and a couple of early 20th century excerpts thrown in for good measure and a few others.  Mattei is accompanied at various times by a choir, an organ, and accordion, a piano or two, and even a percussion ensemble.Heldagskvall i Timmerkojan (Evening in the Logging Camp), for example, is very sensitively sung.  Mattei puts his musicianship to work here, with beautifully tapered dynamics and rubati, but it seems squandered on the material.  I've no objection to Mattei wanting to explore his Scandinavian heritage and share it with us, but I have to admit to being less than fully captivated by these songs, which seem more than a little Larwence Welk-y--probably the accordion adds to this impression.  This is my objection to the CD in it's entirety.  Mattei sings beautifully throughout, whether it's Durufle or Londonderry Air, but it's all rather bland.  Perhaps the highlight is Adolphe Adam's O, Holy Night, which makes an appearance on the disc twice for some inexplicable reason, once in the original French, and later in Swedish.A kaleidoscope takes different pieces and makes something larger and more interesting by their juxtaposition, but this sampler CD seems to do the opposite--rather than the individual pieces being made more interesting by placing sentimental songs next to Adam, instead Adam or Durufle or even Orff is somehow made less interesting to me.  It's a problem caused by the fact that this isn't just a Peter Mattei sampler, it's a BIS Peter Mattei sampler, and BIS has apparently not recorded Mattei in the material for which he is most famous.  Instead, we're left with this odd hodge-podge, most bizarre of which is the extraction from Carl Orff's Carmina Burana of the songs with baritone solo, in a rendition that replaces the orchestra with two pianos and percussion ensemble.  Just give it a listen and you'll hear how unsatisfactory it is to pluck these individual movements out of the original.The Carmina Burana selection ends with Tempus est iocundum, the wooing of a young woman--but it's not an ending at all.  Orff follows this movement with a soprano solo in which she gives him her all, and two more climactic movements on top of that!  But the BIS sampler destroys the context so completely that the entire extract ends on a half cadence.  It's hard for me to really enjoy Mattei's singing in such a context, and although his tone quality is gorgeous, the reserve he brings to most of these selections leaves me somewhat unmoved.  I can only give this CD a guarded recommendation.  If you can live in the moment and take each individual song as a gorgeous colored bead, you'll enjoy it; just don't expect much from the overall kaleidoscopic picture.
Bruno Maderna was one of a group of post second world war two composers to emerge from Italy and seek new forms in musical orchestration and a new way of organizing harmony that owed something to the Vienna school. Along with Luigi Nono and Luciano Berio, Maderna became well known for doing thusly, but in a way that was unique and even a bit impressionistic. This new recording of his piano concertos and the orchestral work, "Quadrivium", illustrate the point well and are well worth your time. In fact, the "Piano Concerto" from 1942 sounds quite a bit reminiscent of Berg but with tinges of Rachmaninov or even Hindemith. The opening is clean, and a bit whispy as the piano line rambles through a variety of moods and tonal centers. The work is consistently engaging and not at all difficult to listen to. What is interesting is the composer's own version for two pianos, done just a few months later. The same piece takes on a different sound when some of Maderna's denser orchestration is pared down and given to the second piano. I like both renditions but I do have to admit that the two piano version has an almost recital-like character that actually highlights some of the piece's finer points, such as the small scherzo with its own modal flavor and interesting counterpoint. The "Concerto for Two Pianos" dates from 1947 and shares some of the composer's trademark use of the twelve tone pallet but in a non-serial way. This, like the first 'Concerto' is a relatively concise work with much to say. It has a rhythmic propulsion in spots that points to Bartok but the combination of the mystic with the abstract is very like many of Maderna's earlier pieces. It provides ample technical fluourish for the soloists and a spare, supportive orchestration. Aldo Orvieto and Fausto Bongelli are to be commended for an attention getting performance and some genuine empathy for the sound of these works. "Quadrivium" is a large scale work, thirty minutes plus, from the later Maderna catalogue. Written in 1969, this is a much more timbre focused and abstract work filled with many small scale microscope explorations of orchestral combinations, heavy - yet delicate - on percussion and little exposed soli for winds and strings. In some ways, it is a concerto for orchestra but in one long, slowly evolving panorama that hardly ever gets above mezzo forte and - unlike the piano concertos - does not have any niche or pulse that can be defined other than what defines later Maderna. I find these compliments. This recording, by Carlo Miotto and the Orchestre della Arena di Verona does a very credible job and reminds me, in spots, of my LP recording - a landmark one - from 1988 by Giuseppe Sinopoli on DGG. This is a very well played, interesting disc for fans of modern orchestral repertoire or for anyone who wants to learn a little bit more about the post war European avant-garde; of which Maderna was a master.
Music: 3 stars; Artistic value: 4 starsSince Paavo Jarvi became the Cincinnati Symphony's Music Director in September, 2001, the Telearc label had issued 2 albums a year of the CSO directed by Maestro Jarvi, pretty much like clockwork, one in the Fall, and one in the Spring. Regretfully, the Telearc label stopped releasing new albums at the end of 2009 and so the release of Holt's "The Planets" in October, 2009 was the 16th and last in the series. The CSO decided to take its fate into its own hands and has decided to self-release albums on the newly-founded CSO Media label. This is the first release."American Portraits" (6 tracks; 76 min.) is a curious and daring first release. The album is a collection of various music pieces that Paavo Jarvi selected over the years composed by young (and hence contemporary, the oldest one having been born in 1962) and mostly unknown American composers. The album is mistitled and really should be "Modern American Portraits" as it features mainly "contemporary" classical music. There are just 6 pieces on here, most of them long pieces. Please note that this is not a "new" recording, instead they are compiled from CSO perfomrances at Music Hall between 2003 and 2007. My favorite one is the 17 min. piece "Halycon Sun" by composer Jonathan Bailey Holland. I also quite liked Charles Coleman's 15 min. "Deep Woods" (one of 2 compositions by Coleman on here). But the rest is a challenge (for me anyway).In all, I am just baffled by this release. This is not an easily accessible album for the most part, and not likely to be a commercial success. This being the first independently released CSO album, why would it take a chance/challenge like this? The only answer I believe (but that is just speculation on my part) is that the soon-departing CSO musical director Paavo Jarvi really insisted on this. Indeed, after 10 years, Jarvi is leaving as the CSO Maestro at the end of the current season (May, 2011). Challenging times lay ahead for the CSO, not the least of which is to find a replacement for Paavo Jarvi, who in his 10 years heading the CSO took the orchestra to highs never seen before. Meanwhile, this album should get accolades for featuring contemporary and unknown American composers. That aside, this album is "art", but not sure it's pleasure.
Perfect for someone looking for songs on the organ that are well-known. Good variety of pieces, some classical, some not.
I like the pieces in general but esp. those which are inspired by Persian folk songs."Four preludes for flute and piano" are nice too and in some parts reminds me the works of Sheida Gharachedaghi, Persian composer who is active in Canada. She also uses Eastern elements in her compositions for Western classical ensembles.
If I'm not mistaken this is the second time German pianist Chen Pi-Hsien has recorded the Goldberg Variations. She recorded it for Naxos back in the 1980s and that recording was liked by some but dismissed as more or less robotic by others. I never heard it. This one was apparently recorded in 2001 (or it is so indicated on the jewel box) and is just now being released on a label I'd never encountered before: Phil.harmonic., which, it turns out, is affiliated with Naxos. Having compared timings of a number of the variations, I'm pretty sure this is not the same recording as the 1980s one. Whatever the case, this is a beautifully played but strangely gentle and almost snooze-inducing account. The timing is short and that is not because Chen plays fast. It's because she eliminates many repeats indicated in the score. Sometimes her touch is reminiscent of Glenn Gould's staccato, although it is always less pointed than his, and sometimes her legato is rather more like that of Andr&aacute;s Schiff. There are some odd ornaments, first noticeable in the second bar of the Aria, that sound like they would be more appropriate in Rameau than Bach, but possibly I'm wrong about that as I'm not au courant on baroque ornamentation. Her tempi tend to be on the slow side actually and there are really no variations that are played no-holds-barred. Even the jolly quodlibet is played rather more like a solemn anthem. All that said, the sound of this recording is lovely -- it must be a particularly nice piano she is playing and the recording engineer/s did a marvelous job capturing its sound.The bottom line is that this performance, while sonically beautiful, is rather faceless and even though the playing is thoughtful and well-done, it became soporific; considering the alleged original purpose of the Variations -- to help Count Kayserlingk get to sleep -- I suppose that might be considered appropriate.Scott Morrison
I often detect a persistent note of sadness in the composers of this era. Not so with Broschi. His music is like a musical version of an Italian family dinner - and the wine definitely flows musically with arias that never seem to really want to come to a complete stop. Frothy? Yes, but I love it. Give me more! Angelo Manzotti has the "kahunes" to try to replicate the achievements of the great Farinelli - and he deserves an "A" for effort, even though he does seem to struggle just a tad through the material at times. But to be perfectly fair, in this case "less" would indeed be "more!"
A little too regular a pulse but a lovely instrument. More people should hear this composer.He's been perhaps unfairly overshadowed by Couperin, Rameau, et. al.
This two-cd set, which showcases the talents of impressive soloists and Choirs of the Warsaw Philharmonic, brings to light a romantic illustration of the epic work by Goethe.  Schumann's use of Scenes, with orchestra, choirs, and soloists, paints pictures of certain portions of the Faust story, rather than conforming to opera or oratorio structure. It suits the romantic era and permits emotional description in the music rather than fitting a libretto to melody or providing a religious record of Biblical passages. Numerous artists and authors of the Nineteenth Century used the prominent Goethe work for their creative productions. Description of the writing of these Scenes is well-explained in the accompanying booklet, and is helpful during the hearing of this beautiful yet complicated opus.The Warsaw Philharmonic Choir and Boys' Choir have a pure, cohesive sound, fitting their roles perfectly.  The women soloists carry their lines with clear expression and beautiful quality. But the men completely capture the listener's attention in this performance.  The audience waits with expectation to hear each entrance of Baritone Jaakko Kortekangas and the beauty of his exceptional range and expression. Tenor Daniel Kirch is equally impressive with the clear presentation of Ariel and Pater Ecstaticus. The texture of Bass Andrew Gangestad's voice enhances the drama for his roles.Conductor Antoni Wit utilizes his extensive background and skills to evoke from these performers a dramatic, impressive production of a very large-scale work to display the talents of Robert Schumann. One hearing of "Scenes from Goethe's Faust" is merely the beginning, an invitation to more education and appreciation of this impressive  composition.
Some conductors rise slowly to fame; some, like the young French-Canadian Yannick Nezet-Seguin, ascend like rockets. Beginning with his conductorship of Montreal's Orchestre Metropolitain in 2000, he rose quickly to international fame, and will take up his position in September, 2012 as conductor of the Philadelphia Orchestra. Listening to this new CD from ATMA, it's not hard to see why he has risen to stardom. Under his direction, the Orchestre Metropolitain performs splendidly, and the recording is crystal clear.Both works on this CD are by composers of the late-Romantic period, but the coupling is unusual. Despite his German-sounding name Florent Schmitt (who should not be confused with the Austrian composer Joseph Schmidt) was French. Today, his music is rarely heard, but during the first four decades of the 20th century he was one of the most often performed of French composers. His "The Tragedy of Salome" of 1907 was initially a 60-minute ballet composed for 20 musicians. The 1910 version, rescored for large orchestra and shortened to a 30-minute suite, is slightly better-known. Since neither version is much heard or recorded, this new CD is welcome, although it omits the role for chorus. Other versions are available: the full-length one includes a soprano but no chorus; of the three recordings of the suite, two include chorus, one does not.In contrast, the other work on the CD is C&eacute;sar Franck's often-performed and much-recorded Symphony in D minor. Personally, I'm disappointed that ATMA didn't choose a less frequently recorded work; my first reaction was "Oh no, not another version of the Franck!" By the end of the performance, however, I was convinced that Nezet-Seguin's performance is among the best currently available.To sum up: great performances, superb recording, and excellent program notes. Should you buy this CD? If you have neither work, then I recommend it unless you prefer a choral version of the Schmitt. If you already have the Franck but not the Schmitt, only you can decide.Ted Wilks
I enjoyed hearing how the studies should be played gives me something to work for. Quality of recording was good.
You need to like the cello sound but if you do this is a great album. Great after hard day at work and you want to unwind.
Savall is a serious scholar and he focuses on forgotten music.  I'm so glad there are people out there like him.  He also puts on an INCREDIBLE live performance, for whatever that's worth.  I was lucky enough to catch him at the Kennedy Center in 2010.Also, this album is free.  What are you waiting for?  I especially loved the duet with Christophe Coin.
This is really Vlado Perlemuter from a Chopin set which appeared in the mid to late 1980s on Nimbus. The piano is swimming in far too much of that characteristic Nimbus reverb, diverting one's attention away from the music itself. But otherwise, these are nice clean digital recordings and the price likely can't be beat.
...but the outer movements of #100 are a bit quicker than those in Jochum's London Symphonyset. I find his contention that Haydn intended many  outer movements in #s 93-104 to be played as quickly as possible more valid than not.  However, #s 98 and 100 in the set at least bordered on haste, and #100 here does so a bit more. The inner movements are superb-flawlessfor DG and this BBC. The Military second movement is colorful and exciting-a bit moreso forthe live BBC, and as usual with Jochum, third movements are perfect, especially the trios,The BBC Clock fares a bit better than the Military.  It is a better, more substantive symphony, I think, and is conducted with great care.  Jochum had obviously drilled the LPOintensely and their precise, spirited playing is frequently joyful.That atmosphere informs the Hindemith, a delightful work which benefits from this live performance.Peers  Haydn 100: Tate/ECO/EMI, Davis/RCOA/Philips; Klemperer/PO/EMI; Sawallisch/VSO/PhilipsHaydn 101:  same as above + Kubelik/BRSO/First Classics (coupled with the Bartok Concerto for Orchestra
for not giving the Horenstein performance the extra star (that it probably deserves, anyway). It's simply because of the continued availability of a performance from 73 years ago; the latter, with Toscanini, Jussi Bjorling, Kipnis and the forces of THEIR time. Richard Lewis is a FINE tenor, but Bjorling is unsurpassed, in SO many of his inimitable recordings. Ms. Stich-Randall and Norma Procter are probably equal to the earlier, female duo of Zinka Milanov and Bruna Castagna ... and Kim Borg can, possibly, even MATCH, in many ways, the legendary bass .... Alexander Kipnis. Horenstein's interpretation is both subtle and forceful, well-paced, and NEVER lags in inspiration. All-in-all, then, this performance probably deserves at-LEAST four-and-a-half stars; it's only the continued presence of four of the GREATest of earlier singers, with the dynamic Toscanini, that could PUSH this exceptional recording into &#34;second&#34; place, of all.
Here's an unusual, and not very marketable, pairing of two conductors. The Brahms Tragic Over. and Max Reger's Hiller Variations - one of the few orchestral pieces that this post-Brahmsian conservative once survived by -  are conducted by Carl Shcuricht from a January, 1964 concert with the London Sym.; the aged Schuricht was 84 at the time. The orchestration of Beethoven's Grosse Fuge is under Adrian Boult with the Philhamronia (briefly rechristened the New Philharmonia) in August, 1968, when he was 79. So it's two old masters giving their late thoughts on the Austro-German tradition.  With all due respect, one wonders sadly if anyone is really interested?Schuricht belongs in a class of thoroughly assured German traditionalists like Joseph Keilberth (who unfortunately did not survive past sixty), not to be classed among the greats but capable of very fine performances. This Tragic Over. isn't remarkable but is so confident and echt-Brahmsian that one would be hard-pressed to find its equal today. There's not enough drive or intensity to make it truly memorable, however. Better is the Reger (he was Schuricht's teacher), a work rarely played today that is reminiscent in its high spirits of the youthful Brahms's two Serenades, not a bad recommendation. An astute online reviewer points to a resemblance with Weinberger's 'Schwanda the Bagpiper,' once a staple of classical pops concerts. There are eleven variations with a big (9 min.!) fugue to cap the proceedings, and Schuricht so believes in this music that he imparts a good deal of vibrancy to it. A score that could come off as more Teutonic than jolly is quite rollicking, even if the overlong fugue almost deflates the souffle.The fugal form is the rationale, no doubt, for including the Grosse fuge, but I've never really bought the various orchestral transcriptions, because this grueling finale to Beethoven's Quartet Op. 133 is so demanding that four string players are hard-pressed to keep it sounding coherent, in tune, and even playable. It is one of Beethoven's most peculiar and in its way awe-inspiring creations. Perhaps for reasons of scale his titanic conception needs to break the bounds of chamber music, yet hearing an entire string orchestra attempt the nearly impossible has its own hazards. the issue is moot given that Boult's reading comes in remote Albert Hall sound that is also muffled. Bernstein's DG reading is more intense, yet in a way Boult's relatively relaxed, no-pressure approach is easier to absorb - if only it sounded better.As a memento of a lost age of conducting this odd CD is welcome. I enjoyed every performance, especially the Reger.
Often Stokowski performs miracles, and presents readings of the utmost distinction and uniqueness.  This excellent Fantastique doesn't quite reach that level.  Beecham, Ormandy, Martinon, all ahead of this nevertheless fine outing.
The Mozart is a classic performance that sounds fine.  The Franck too is an exceptional performance.  But this must be a hard work to record, with a danger of straying into stridency in places.  This somewhat older recording doesn't entirely avoid this, though the performance compensates.  The Strauss sextet is delightful.
Even though these short pieces are written for a young girl to practice with, Paganini was such a talented musician & Composer, even his throwaway material was better than a lot Paganini's contemporary's best works.There is a little bit of frustration at the shortness of the tacks, as there are some outstanding little melodies (something that Paganini rarely gets credit for), but they are all over way too soon.So not quite as engaging as his sonatas for classical guitar, but still a worthy addition to Paganini's back catalogue.
I wouldn't abandon older recordings by Sir John Barbirolli, Sir Colin Davis, Herbert von Karajan, George Szell, Osmo Vanska, Pierre Monteux, and others for Inkinen's newer one, but Inkinen at least makes a decent case for the work.John J. PuccioClassical Candor
Although I haven't downloaded these tracks, I have heard Leibowitz's accounts of the symphonies on old Reader's Digest's vinyl LPs and my 4 star review is my opinion of the performances of the works only; I can't comment on the quality of these particular downloads.But, I do want to point out that all the symphonies are complete: look carefully at the description and timings of tracks 19 & 22-- the last two movements of the fifth and the last three movements of the sixth are contained on a single track.  I assume this was done because both symphonies last movements follow their preceding movements without a break and combining them into one download prevents the nasty "splice" effect. (Mendelssohn's violin concerto and Sibelius' 2nd symphony are two other examples where MP3 downloads that give each movement its own track can cause problems)
Composers of my generation, who went to college or graduate school in the 1970's and 80s, faced a common problem.  We were taught by an earlier generation who were dedicated to the idea of musical modernism, which frequently carried along with it extreme dissonance and the total abandonment of tonality, of melody, and even a sense of pulse.  And while we were being trained, if we were observant, we saw the consequences of this style--the abandonment of the concert hall by the audience in droves.  Our aesthetic dilemma was to find a way to take what we'd learned from our teachers and yet speak to a wider audience.  I know of no composer of my generation who did not find this a real challenge, and so to this CD, a BIS recording of the orchestral music of the Swedish composer Jan Sandstrom.  Born in 1954, Sandstrom came of age as another modernist composer specializing in `spectral music'--an often dense web of sound in which tone color subtleties are more important than melodic lines.  The earliest piece on this disc, Era, dates from 1980, and is basically a slow crescendo of orchestral sound over the span of almost 10 minutes.  Its title, Era, is an ancient Greek word for Earth, and the shape of that piece, growing from the soft low register to the loud, full musical space, is so clear that the work is easily understandable by any audience member willing to forgo melody and harmony for a time.  But the first piece on the CD, the doubly titled Indri/Cave Canem, composed in 1988, is the most dense and impenetrable piece here and much more challenging for listeners.  Although there are moments that are more traditionally rhythmic and melodic, the structure of the work leaves the audience constantly off balance and wondering what is coming next.Christian Lindberg may be known to you as one of the world's greatest trombonists.  More recently he has turned his hand to composing and conducting, but his relationship with Sandstrom is a long one--he commissioned two concerti for trombone and orchestra, including Sandstrom's most popular and often performed "Motorbike" Concerto.  'Motorbike' owes its success to a softening of Sandstrom's modernist aesthetic--not that it is a soft piece, but it is certainly approachable, as are the two remaining pieces here, Ocean Child, and A Manor Saga.  Both works seem to inform the previously unrelenting modernist aesthetic with more extended melodic lines, recognizably pulsed rhythmic movement, and in some cases, overt Classical tonality and even quotation.  I particularly enjoy the blend of approaches in Ocean Child. The final work on the disc, A Manor Saga, originally written as a dance piece, doesn't always seem to work without its visual aspect.  I have to say that the audience for this recording is likely to be small, and probably one that already is sympathetic to the aesthetic of contemporary music.  If that is you, or if you are wanting to expand your musical horizon, then this BIS CD may be for you.
I've heard snippets of most of these on TV shows and movies many times, and it's nice to have the songs.
With the benefit of mentor sponsorship in 1609, a young Heinrich Sch&uuml;tz absorbed the culture and influence of Venice to transform himself into Henrico Sagittario Allemanno, to influence the musical world for centuries. Following this fellowship adventure, Sch&uuml;tz went on to compose music a century before Bach to initiate what is considered modern music.The accompanying booklet for Italian Madrigals carefully explains this musical journey, noting the "cultural transfer" from Italy to Germany for which Sch&uuml;tz became the pioneer.Subjects of these songs range from nature and love to melancholy and death. The voices of the Dresdner Kammerchor caress each note and enunciation of the five-voice parts, appealing to the singer and listener alike. This group, under the guidance of Hans-Christoph Rademann, has earned an impeccable international reputation for this impressive music. Pitch, entrances, expression, and phrasing are flawless. The final madrigal in this collection shows important departures from the preceding pieces, as explained in the booklet.This CD is the second volume in a set of three, The Complete Works of Sch&uuml;tz. While listening to the madrigals in succession, one may find "same-i-ness" rather than fine distinctions. For the words, non-Italian speakers lose something in the translation; English text is relegated to the end of the booklet.The imaginary scene of a young musician being selected for study in the cultural capital of the world instantly appeals to those who seek opportunity for promising students. The occasion of Sch&uuml;tz studying and composing in Venice opened the musical world to development and exploration still expanding to this day. Such a success story comes too seldom; it encourages each of us to expand learning opportunities with the young and promising in our midst.
Richard Osborne was the court-biographer of Casesar Ausgustus Karajan. For those who can appreciate Martial (before the death of Domitian), his lickspittleConversations with Karajanis a treat. Every word of the god-emperor is gazetted as Logos.  Yes indeed: there is much to be said for sycophancy of this order. One hopes that Dick had a box of tissues and mints with him at the time.Osborne has been the Bruckner-expert-in-residence at the Gramophone for many a year. Perhaps born of his "Icarus" experience, his views have become notably wayward, if not loopy over time. Recently, the magazine in question posted his recommendations in each of the symphonies (I cannot provide the URL but if you google `Gramophone Bruckner Best Recordings', you'll find it). It is cause for mirth. Nowadays, Bruckner's discography is prodigal indeed. From the legion, his recommendations include:Tintner in three instances.Norrington in 3 and 6 (no mention of Kna in the former)Ivor Bolton and the Mozarteum Orchestra in 3 (a British connection always appeals to RO).Harnoncourt's flabby performance of the Fourth.Barbirolli and the Halle Orchestra in the 8thCristian Mandeal and the same orchestra in the 9th.Ketesz's live performance of the Fourth (and the Tallis Variations) also features in his list. Osborne gushes, "There can have been few finer live performances of the Fourth on record than this. Valuable in itself, it is also a document of rare interest where the LSO is concerned."The last sentence gives the game away. This is a nice, well-paced, thoughtful Bruckner 4th of no great import. I agree with SFL that Kertesz emphasizes the Schubertian aspect of the symphony - but to what vivid end? It skirts the Great Forest. One can only laugh at RO's inclusion of this performance in his canon. Much the same could be said of the Fantasia on a Theme of Thomas Tallis: the performance is enjoyable enough but not stamped with distinction (leave it to Barbirolli). The stereo recording in both instances is acceptable enough for their vintage.What was Osborne thinking at the time? Not much, I suggest. Oh for the good old days, I hear him pine, when the front-door of a certain Wolf's Lair in Anif-Salzburg was open to him and he could sup with greatness!
At the Edinburgh Festival in 1962 the young Rozhdestvensky, then only 31, gave the Western premiere of Shostakovich's new symphony, the Twelfth. The score has always been seen as less than inspired. Having put a great deal into the Eleventh, which depicts revolutionary turmoil in 1905, perhaps the composer was spent on the theme. The Twelfth, subtitled "The Year 1917," is a pallid tribute to the Bolshevik Revolution; it neither glorifies it nor parodies it. There are pleasant, rather empty themes developed without conviction for the most part. But the Philharmonia and Rozhdestvensky deliver a musical reading that attempts to make the proverbial silk purse. His complete Shostakovich cycle, now selling for high prices on the used market, reveals that Rozhdestvensky ranks with Mravinsky and Kondrashin as a premiere Shostakovich interpreter. If that's enough to attract you, the stereo sound is quite good for its age, and the audience coughing not too intrusive.Almost twenty years later, in Dec. 1980, Rozhdestvensky leads the BBC Sym. in a far stronger work, the Sixth Sym. from 1939. I don't understand the work's relative unpopularity, although the structure is strange: a long Largo that is among the composer's most heartfelt, followed by two short, zippy movements that sustain a manic mood. If the Largo is given its due, the impression of passionate sadness is so dominant that the remainder seems inconsequential. Recorded in good broadcast stereo from Royal Festival Hall, this performance is superior - Rozhdestvensky doesn't turn the Largo into a lugubrious lament but maintains a balance between feeling and forward motion.  The orchestration relies heavily on mass strings alternating with brass; both sections play with commitment despite a somewhat coarse, blatty first trumpet. The Scherzo is appropriately madcap, the finale a light Rossinian gallop.Is the Sixth exceptional enough to offset the Twelfth? Probably not, since we have better played and recorded versions form Petrenko (Naxos - a real beauty) and Jurowski (PentaTone), not to mention older greats by Mravinsky and Bernstein. The three fluffy fillers - two Johann Strauss numbers and an arrangement of Tea for Two retitled Tahiti Trot - are done with poised exuberance. I'm not sure the Excursion Polka needed a xylophone, but it certainly sounds more like Shostakovich having some well-deserved fun.
This album is not for the faint of heart, but the adventurous will absolutely wallow in it!  Honestly, I don't like most post-modern classical composers, as they seem to think that breaking rules is the only thing that matters, and as a result produce cold, disengaging work.  But I found not the faintest shiver of coldness in this work.Nancy Galbraith's compositions effervesce with passion, and never lose their deep, strong connection with the human (or nonhuman) heart.  I get the impression that she doesn't set out deliberately to break rules for their own sake, but merely ignores any that get in the way of her pouring out her joie de vivre.  She combines unlikely instruments, showing a particular delight in woodwinds and wooden percussion.  Similarly she changes rhythms, keys, and styles with reckless abandon.Not even the post-modern label can confine her, as much of her work has a distinctive folk feel.  And I suspect that I can hear an influence by Ian Anderson and other rock musicians in the mix, too.  Basically, I don't think Nancy Galbraith would hesitate to sit and learn at the feet of any master, even if he looks like a beggar singing for his supper.  Nothing seems to matter to her as much as liberating the music inside her.Sometimes her experiments do verge on irritating, like a highly talented child tugging on your sleeve till you finally give your attention to her weird but unforgettable and wholly original dance--all over the furniture!  I wouldn't recommend this album to nervous temperaments or those who find comfort in conventionality, but for people seeking creative stimuli it's perfect.  I have added it to my writing playlist and recommend it for artists, writers, dancers, and anyone else who could use Ms. Galbraith's particular spark to jumpstart their own creative process.
The organ and the recording are very good on this recording and I recommend it.  The interpretation is good, but I have head better, but alas it is not available.  I think most people will be happy with this album.
He's a phenomenal player but I am not musically trained to be able to give a musical critique of it. I just like it.
This is one of the better Parsifals but not among the best few. It is recorded with great clarity and atmosphere, and well conducted/performed. Some critics have complained about the light voiced singer of the title character. It didn't bother me, since he's supposed to be young, innocent and foolish. I guess his moment of awareness in act 2 and vocal climax in act 3 could've used more weight. There's nothing really wrong with this recording, but I didn't find it as powerful, mysterious and uplifting as the greatest ones: Knappertsbusch 1951Wagner: Parsifal, SoltiSolti - Wagner - The Operasand Karajan on Deutsch GrammophonWagner: Parsifal.
There are many excellent recordings of Parsifal from which to choose. Why choose this one? This is an excellent addition to the catalog primarily for the fresh symphonic approach to the work by Jaap van Zweden. This performance places the music front and center over any sense of drama, and most of the results are stunning. The Netherlands Radio Philharmonic Orchestra plays beautifully, offering an exquisitely detailed and well paced reading of the score, and making a strong case that the work is more a symphonic oratorio than an opera. For Wagnerians, this will represent an interesting departure, but not a definitive performance. Still, there is so much within Parsifal to mine for new perspectives and insights, I welcomed this original approach.The singers are strong for the most part. The weakest link is Katarina Dalayman as Kundry. Her interpretation emphasizes the shrieking and wailing aspect of the role, which turns Act 2 into a bit of an endurance test for the listener. She is miscast on this recording as the only vocalist who doesn't contribute to the homogenous blend between orchestra and soloists that distinguishes van Zweden's approach. On the other extreme is the Parsifal of Klaus Florian Vogt, who offers the most musical and lyrical performance of the role on record. As other reviewers have commented, his voice is light and youthful, yet resonant enough to cut through the orchestra in the climactic passages. What is completely missing, however, is any sense of this foolish youth transforming into an enlightened redeemer. Vogt sings with great care and beauty, but seems to intentionally withhold any sense of emotion from his performance. His Parsifal sounds as if he's in a hypnotic trance from start to finish. This works very well in Act 1, but works against the narrative of the work in Act 3, when he should be more compassionate and fully conscious of his role in the drama. Robert Holl is excellent as Gurnemanz, and Falk Struckman offers a nearly definitive performance of the long suffering Amfortas. It's interesting to compare this performance with his Amfortas from Bayreuth in 1998 under Giuseppe Sinopoli. His voice shows signs of strain and wear in this outing during the greatest climactic passages, but otherwise this is a performance of near perfection, depicting the regal pathos, and broken dignity of the ruler who cannot rule.The recording quality is excellent, but it is very clear that this is a concert performance at the Concertgebouw. The ambiance has the resonance of a symphony hall in contrast to an opera house or recording studio. This creates a further sense of distance from the immediacy of the drama and detracts from the music's magical sense of place that so frequently emerges in other settings. I would give this recording 5 stars except for the fact that the Bayreuth recording by Knappertsbusch and Sinopoli's DVD from 1998 still remain the most satisfying performances for unifying the complex elements into an aesthetic whole. For pure vocal beauty, Levine's DG recording with Domingo and Jessye Norman's unparallelled Kundry remain the gold standard. But for the luminous and lush orchestral details that are so emblematic of Parsifal, it's hard to find a better recording than this.
Judical Perroy won the 1997 Guitar Foundation of America competition, and this album makes it easy to see why.The booklet says of the Partita BWV 826 that "[t]he virtuosic nature of Bach's keyboard writing makes this a singular challenge for any guitarist".  M. Perroy meets it with apparent ease (although I notice that he does seem to have double-tracked the final "Capriccio", though the booklet doesn't mention this.  If not, it's one of the most formidable technical achievements I've ever heard*).BWV 997 (usually known as the 2nd Lute Suite) and the "Prelude Fugue & Allegro" are more familiar territory; but the Concerto BWV 972 ("after Vivaldi") is the performer's own arrangement, and in my view is a complete success.M. Perroy's tone is good, his rhythm is firm, and few will find anything to fault &mdash; although I did find the Allegro of BWV998 a trifle too much so.  But this is certainly a release to be proud of.The guitar, by the way, is a Smallman.The total time is 70'56".*M. Perroy has since since assured me that he didn't double-track, so the second part of my comment applies.DISCLOSUREI received a free copy of this item for review.
I bought this recording based on a youtube video of the performer playing the prelude fugue and allegro. The P,F,&A on this recording is great, my favorite performance of the piece. I think the rest of the transcriptions are wonderful. I think the guitarist is wonderful. Buy the album.
Since I have nearly forty Bill Evans albums in my collection, I wasn't surprised to find that there's nothing in "The Sesjun Radio Shows" that I don't already have in numerous top notch performances. Nevertheless, I added this set for one reason: the interplay between Evans and harmonica master Toots Thielemans. Even though they're featured together on only five tracks, it's absolutely worth the price.  It's too bad Toots and Evans didn't play together until near the end of Evans' life because the results are achingly poetic and stunningly brilliant. Their commercial release, "Affinity," is just an appetizer compared to what's captured in this concert.The rest of this 2-cd set has some fine takes, although others just don't have quite same edge as Evans' performances on other albums. I would recommend an often overlooked Evans album from a 1972 appearance in France that includes some of the pianist's most intense playing from this period:Blue In Green. I also think his Village Vanguard sessions from 1972-4 are among the best of the pianist's live work:Since We MetandPerson I Knew.
Stirred to the point of tears at Lacrimosa when I first heard it in the evolution sequence of the movie Tree Of Life. It took a bit to track it down since it doesn't appear on the soundtrack (exclusively atmospheric and kenetic pieces by composer Alexandre Desplat). I was so moved by Lacrimosa (at the time not knowing the title, etc), that I even told someone that I would want it played at my funeral service - then,I found the piece, noted the album title, read the backstory, and realized I was connecting with Preisner's sorrow. I bought the disc for that piece alone (which appears in two versions, once in (part 1) Requiem (sorrow), and then in (part 2) Life (mourning). Among the tracks there are some reminiscent of Bach chorale pieces (which I enjoy), while others seem perhaps more modern commercial (similar to his other film scores). The end was, in my opinion, anti-climatic, stark, and almost disrespectful to Lacrimosa.
Then this album will not disappoint you. Sometimes Preisner goes over the top, but I have thoroughly enjoyed it nonetheless.
I always enjoy hearing music from our military bands.  The music makes be very emotional to hear this type of music.  It's not played enough these days.
I have been looking a long time to find this CD with music that reminded me of the different movie I saw in the past, there were even some I never heard before
What a great deal! $9 for 50 songs! I wanted to buy just one, but I'm so glad I have a sound track for the whole Independence Day celebration now. Keep it playing all day! I wish it were only instrumental though... some do have choir. I prefer albums that are all one or the other.
A very good performance of Mahler's 3rd Symphony, in a one off live performance with the Stuttgart Philharmonic who play very well as conducted by Gabriel Feltz in 2010.The audience was very quiet, except at the very end, after the music had stopped, then generous applause, well earned. The recorded sound is quite good.The only problem I found it difficult to remove the 2nd CD from the case. A small issue maybe but wrestling with a cd case is not fun, especially when you are trying not to scratch the surface of the CD or break the CD case hinges. There is of course the download option. If you are just coming to Mahler, this is well worth hearing.
First of all I have to laugh at the genre listing for this piece. It is the main soundtrack theme from the Kirk Douglas movie "The Vikings" which was released in 1958 by Mr. Douglas's own production company. The music is Romantic, Heroic and fits the movie well. This recording which apparently comes from an album verison of the soundtrack sounds okay, but could have sounded much better.
Phantasm is a collection of eleven recent compositions for saxophone and computer, sourced from a call for scores that spanned the globe and yielded more than two-dozen works. Saxophonist and composer Eric Honour took a chosen ten pieces, plus one of his own, out on the road on an 18-date world tour, and subsequently recorded and released in July of 2011 by Ravello Records. The compositions compiled on Phantasm form a diverse collection of electro-acoustic music that covers a rather large spectrum of styles, textures, and timbres. Honour's own compositional contribution is the title track. In keeping with the eclectic nature of the entire album, Honour's "Phantasm" explores a broad pallet, moving between pulse-driven tribal rhythms one moment, to something more amorphic and textural in the next.Honour's saxophone performances masterfully navigate a wide variety of pieces, ranging from the precise and rhythmically charged athleticism of Christopher Biggs' "Exterminate Al the Brutes" and Zachary Crockett's "Fight to Flow Between," to the nebulous and free form "Whitewater" by Scott McLaughlin. His playing shows great control and sensitivity on Lou Bunk's quiet and hushed "Luna, " while also being able to deliver the right amount of coarseness and brashness for D. Edward Davis' bluesy and folk-inspired "sugar baby."The audio quality is exceptionally high on this album, considering that it is currently offered only as a digital release. Along with the digital download, Ravello Records has an interactive website that accompanies the recording, offering a digital booklet, scores for each of the pieces, ringtones, and a desktop wallpaper. These online extras have many pros, with only a couple of cons. The obvious plus to the Ravello site is that digital recordings often make their way to an mp3 player or to a playlist, where listeners are less likely to engage themselves with the music. The site gives the listener the "old-fashioned" experience of thumbing through a CD booklet while following along with the recording. Also, having the scores readily available are a tremendous help for recordings of electro-acoustic music, where it is often difficult or even impossible to separate the soloist from the electronic element. Such is the case for Karlheinz Essl's "Sequitur VII" or Luigi Ceccarelli's "Neuromante,"  where Honour sounds as though he is accompanied by several other players.The only downsides to this particular release, oddly enough, are both the digital booklet and the scores. Not owning a physical copy makes finding out the composer's names and publication information for each piece a chore, as the only way to find out composer names is to flip through the online booklet. The scores offered on the site have a fairly low resolution, which make following along with the score more of an exercise for testing one's eyesight than a means for connecting to the musical works.Overall, this recording and the accompanying website are a great package with exceptional compositions, stellar performances, and a fresh and forward-thinking marketing approach that boad well for digital distribution in the 21st Century.-George Heathco is a composer, electric guitarist, collaborator, and teacher that lives in Houston, Tx with his wife and daughter. You can follow him on twitter:@GeorgeHeathcoOriginally published on ICareIfYouListen.com
For TSFH fans, Thomas Bergersen's standalone piece contains a wider repertoire of sounds than the other TSFH albums, with a sprinkling of more vocals, some pieces with techno-sounds, a few softer pieces, and some that are just plain fun.  This is a genius being creative and sharing it with his fans and, as usual, there are no 'dogs.'  Although each is as different as a piece of chocolate in a sampler, they all fit together nicely.
I would recommend this album. Its solid in my humble opinion. Of course there are a few songs that I may not like but overall it is well put together.
The only complaint I have with this album is that it took so long to finally come out.  The quality and content of the music is amazing, and the only reason it is not 5/5 is that it is just a slight step below Two Steps From Hell (i.e., Bergersen does get better with his partner).  Put another way, if you only have money for this album or a Two Steps album, by the latter--but if you have money for all of those albums +1, this is the +1.
Though it is by a composer for Two Steps From Hell, do not expect to hear "Invincible" or "Archangel" on here. It's epic, to be sure, but very different from the standard epic trailer music. It has a more pronounced mid-evil feeling (See "Soulseeker"), a very foreign/tribal/old-world sounding vocal style (see "Starvation" and "Merchant Prince") and significant techno influence on a couple ("Aura" and "Illusions") I'm not a particular fan of the aforementioned vocal style, though I can still appreciate it well enough in the context of this music. The album has good variance, going around between the three aspects I've mentioned in varying degrees, so that Soulseeker sounds very different from Merchant Prince sounds from Aura, and yet the album still feels like it has a particularly unique identity. For the most part, I'm not blown away by this album but I in no way regret the purchase. "Ilusions," however, the title track is worth particular mention. Incredibly long at 8:01 (largely repeating itself once over), Illusions itself is a good poster child as it is incredibly unique, combining an interesting vocal style AND a more traditional epic chorus (If you're a two steps fan, think "United we Stand"), along with "wubs" and techno base used surprisingly tastefully.  As an epic track it feels melancholy and desperate; not as a depressing, tragic piece but as a desperate, epic journey - and with its length it has notable tone changes, making for a good ride.So it's far from my favorite album, but it's an interesting change of pace within the genre and a solid album with a clear identity.
I bought it on a whim.  My whim was rewarded.  Still not something I listen to constantly, but I still like it.
CD is great, but the last 2 track are damaged with a scratch and water marks. what more can I say.
It's time for me to catch up to my favorite releases from Touch. And what better way to kick it off then with a short four-track EP from Christian Fennesz one of the top experimental composers known for using his guitar as the source instrument in laptop aided electronic music. Anyone familiar with his work will instantly recognize the delicate attention to detail, even when the sound is submerged in slight distortion, some reverb and a little bit of flanger. Seven Stars is Fennesz's first solo release since Black Sea (Touch, 2008). The tracks incorporate the usual electric guitars, bass, and synths to paint thick layers of drony textures, and for the first time in his discography a drum kit, played by Steven Hess (Member of Locrian). "I wanted to make a record that has a certain lightness about it and at the same time explore new territory using drums on one track," says this Vienna based sound artist. Besides his solo work, there's also his celebrated collaboration with Ryuichi Sakamoto - their latest, appearing on Touch as a double disk, titled Flumina. Both, this EP and the Fennesz + Sakamoto release have appeared on Headphone Commute's Best of 2011, so it's about time that they got properly mentioned on here. There's also a neat little USB flash drive release by Fennesz and Jon Wozencroft, titled Liquid Music which you can pick up from touchshop.org.  Fennesz never disappoints!
Check the sound of the amazon previews on your computer, if they're bad, the resulting downloaded .mp3 file will be, too.Similau downloaded here sounds _very_ bad.Five stars, as usual, for good ol' Bert though.
My friend recommended this...and it's just a wonderful inspirational piece, sung beautifully!! Listening to Mr. Castalado will raise your spirits! I'm only giving it 4 stars...because NOBODY gets 5 from me. :-)
Violinist Tim Fain, whose recent work includes acting as the violin stand-in for Richard Gere in the 2005 film Bee Season, offers a recital of new and not-so-new American violin music in this new Naxos release. Fain's selections offer a glimpse into the more lyrical strands of late 20th and 21st century American composition, which suits Fain's dramatic musical temperament. While this listener's interests lean more toward the post-serialist European trends in composition--indeed, work that these American composers seem in direct aesthetic opposition--Fain offers assured performances of these works. Highlights include Philip Glass's "Knee Play 2" from Einstein on the Beach, which sounds like a Paganini caprice written by an obsessive compulsive and is played as such (I mean that as a compliment), and William Bolcom's "Graceful Ghost Rag" from 1976, which is a success.  Ruth Shaw Wylie's "Wistful Piece" from 1953 is a fine piece of Modernist writing, nicely played by Fain and pianist Pei-Yao Wang.  It would be interesting to hear Fain record a similar disc of European composers of the avant garde--such as Beat Furrer, Peter Ablinger, Salvatore Sciarrino, or Tristan Murail, for example--as a contrast to the nostalgic American compositions on "River of Light." That said, this is a strong disc with hearty, thoughtful performances.
Putting out a solo album for bassoon without any harmonic accompaniment is a daring move. The sound needs to be compelling, there needs to be enough variety to maintain attention spans, and the music needs clear shape and definition. To this end, Matthias Kronsteiner defies the notion that the bassoon is a monophonic instrument on his recent debut CD modified - music for bassoon. Released by Composers Concordance Records, nearly half the pieces on the disc are for solo bassoon, and the rest are duos with various "family members" - flute, bass clarinet, and double bass. The use of electronics and human beat box on two pieces adds new textures, but Kronsteiner's playing holds down the energy throughout.The opening piece, Villa-Lobos' Bachianas Brasileiras No. 6, provides a more familiar beginning before the coming experimentation. I was especially impressed with the rugged and raw baroque quality to the bassoon and flute playing - if woodwinds had strings, they'd be gut, not steel on this track. This baroque / Brazilian feel is achieved by the force with which the rhythms are played and the clear shape and articulation of the melodic lines. The counterpoint truly comes alive, and it's refreshing to hear this performed without the bassoon taking a backseat role.The three solo bassoon pieces present very different compositional approaches and draw out different sounds from the instrument. Till Alexander K&ouml;rber's Seismograficische Reflexion goes from a single idea to a flurry of nervous activity to a contemplative sound almost approaching a melody several times. Its improvisatory character allows the bassoon to sit on some notes and move through other passages in a way that feels in the moment. While the piece could perhaps use more in the way of development and form, its transparent expression makes for a captivating composition. Christof Cech's New Waves does well in creating a changing, jagged yet flowing groove. It goes from a feeling of perpetual motion to heavy basslines to brief moments of lyricism, often spinning larger ideas out of small motives. David Lang's Press Release opens with a register jumping groove that gets a little funky without becoming cheesy crossover music, moves to a section of slurred moving notes in a higher register (the prettier David Lang sound) occasionally punctuated by low notes, and ends with more calm clear tones.Mathias Kronsteiner's playing on all these solo pieces is exceptional, with a technical mastery always put in service of musical expression. He's not afraid to get a little ugly, honking out notes or verging on shrieking when the music demands it. That he can jump from this to a more reserved sound is testament to tremendous control over his instrument. Everything is played with a sense of line and shape generated by dynamic swells, breath accents, and clear, sometimes harsh articulations. One can feel the groove, but also a linear sense of development. This sense of shaped line, along with alternations between different timbres and registers gives the bassoon less of a monophonic sound and more the feeling of counterpoint. The pitch bends, split overtones, and multiphonics demonstrate the tremendous possibilities for the manipulation of sound. Kronsteiner's tone possesses a deep resonance that gives especially the low register a full sound, and this sense he can hold his own solo. The booming in-your-face low notes make me wish I hadn't gotten rid of those two 10" heavy-bass speakers I used to have in my trunk.The duo with double bass on Gernot Wolfgang's Low Agenda brings even more power to the bottom register resonance. This piece has a jazzy feel, and my favorite moment is when the two instruments reach a raucous groove with the bassoon growling out one of its notes. Much of the lines sound like written improvisations, and this gives a certain energy and spontaneity to the piece.The duo with bass clarinet, Johannes Berauer's Mizar A & B, is less heavily accented and has more of a European jazz feel in contrast to the other pieces, but still grooves with plenty of great interplay and counterpoint between the two instruments. My favorite moment is a 7/8 groove with lots of syncopation. Phillipp Sageder of Bauchklang adds human beat box over much of the piece, and this adds whole new interesting textures and rhythms to the music. Sageder's skill and attention to sound quality make this not a novelty but an integral part of the music.Gene Pritsker's Modified #3 is the one piece I'm not particularly taken with. In it, pre-recorded bassoon sounds are transformed to create beats that resemble something of a cross between European lounge and Grandmaster Flash (I dig the latter, not so into the former). To this, live bassoon playing is added. The problem to me is that Kronsteiner's sound is damn good on its own, and the electronic manipulation takes away from its resonance. Rather than expanding the sound possibilities, I find it detracts from the musicality, articulation, and many timbres Kronsteiner brings to the table. What I love about wind instruments is that playing them well involves intense physicality, literally from the gut to the lungs, vocal passages, embouchure, tongue, and last (and in fact least) the fingers. The best sounds are generated from the human body in connection with the instrument. I may be narrow-minded about this, but I have yet to hear any electronically modified wind instrument piece that sounds better than the badass sounds Kronsteiner creates with just himself, a double reed, and a bassoon on the three solo pieces - and there are many more "boundaries pushed" on these than the electronic piece.Despite my criticisms of the last track, Kronsteiner's disc is just the kind of thing that classical music needs right now. Most pieces are in the 4-5 minute range, with a clarity of musical ideas that makes them easy to digest. The heavy rhythmic emphasis and unique grooves are inviting to people with different musical tastes, the emotion in the performance is compelling, and the experimentation is impressive and inspiring rather than esoteric. The recording is clear without being over-polished or losing the live feel of performance. The music has the feeling of letting loose, and I could see it being performed in many different venues to many different audiences. In this way, modified - music for bassoon succeeds in Composers Concordance Records' goal of "good music recorded well pushing the boundaries of sound and composition."--David Pearson is a saxophonist residing in NYC.Originally published on I Care if You Listen.com
Required for all phials. Range is a  nice work out for auditory systems, also checking equipment levels and function.Excites some wild responses from listeners.
great music, well presented.  A great way to build  your MP3 library.  This album rivals my old album which I can't listen to because I no longer have a turntable and have converted to digital.
Not a huge classical music fan, but I really enjoyed listening to this album. Makes me want to branch out and listen to more.
The Budapest strings provide a beautiful rendition of a favorite. This makes another excellent addition to a growing collection. Bravo.
Compared to the CD version from LaserLight Digital of a recording by the Budapest Strings - New Bach Collegium Musicum dated 1988, it's not the greatest but it satisfied the need.  That original CD was a much better performance in my opinion than the MP3 version.  Performances can vary in timing and other nuances, and it is to the consumer to decide which is more to their liking.
This album is very nice when it comes to mixes, very ''DJy'' and I love this exact mix of middle east, lounge and electronica. Very good.
I gave this album a high rating because it is better than I expected for the price.  For listening to the music on the phone, tablet or computer these excerpts are fine.  With ear buds they are better but do not rise to the quality of a first rate performer or orchestra.  As I said, for the money this is an excellent collection of representative Tchaikovsky.
Peter Ilyich Tchaikovsky was doubly repres ented on the first classical LP album I ever purchased, as a twelve year old boy on a farm in central Michigan.  I had his 1812 overture, and the Slavic March. What wondrous enjoyment I received from that album, now no longer a part of my collection (worn out!)  Tchaikovsky's inventive use of motifs, and his constant drive to use them to the last possible combination, were always exciting and interesting to me.  This album reminds me much of that first love. I highly recommend it as introductory, or as a memory-jogger of why PIT is so popular in the first place!
I used to fly to Japan often and those 18 plus hour flights would have been unbearable if it had not been for music such as this and now i have added it to my own library.
This is a good selection for anyone who loves Tchaikovsky or for someone who would like to get to know his music. Would recommend to anyone who is looking for additions to their classical music collection.
Found the music well recorded and relaxing. Good choices for album. Recordings may not be the most inspiring but they are good to listen too and what you would expect if you are familiar with this music.
As with all the 50 Must-Have albums and other similar &#34;big boxes,&#34; performance and recording quality is variable between so-so and good, but never terrible or great. Seriously, though, for 99 cents, you get to own six hours of some pretty spectacular music. Regardless of how well it's played or recorded, pieces like the piano concerto, Marche Slave, the Nutcracker and the 1812 Overture are such fantastic marvels of the musical world, their brilliance of composition shines through. This collection is great for research reference as well, as any aspiring music student will probably want to listen and analyze a number of these works and some point in his or her life. For the fanatics, including myself, superior recordings of these masterpieces exist elsewhere for more money, but in the meantime, for 99 cents, this will certainly whet your appetite and fill out a lot of holes in your Tchaikovsky collection.
This collection of Tchaikovsky works is nothing short of ear candy.  Hard to beat such an extensive repertoire of music at this price.
This is perfect music for listening to at a crowded coffee shop. No lyrics to distract, no overly dramatic moments in the music. Love this.
The quality of the sound is not that good, but anything that has been created by the Strauss Family is simply amazing. It is a marvelous collection.
The performances are OK.  Occasional recording snaps and pops.  But many seldom heard selections and interesting impromptu flourishes - more like a village band concert than a symphony performance.  And where else can your hear the Carmen Quadrille?  Opera in 3/4 time. I can just see the swirling ladies each with a red rose.
I would give it 5 stars if the quality of the orchestras playing were good all over, but there are some (very few) that are so-so.I love waltzes and marches specially those of the Strauss family so, for me, was a no brainer, considering, in addition, the price.
Yay..Excellent mp3...light delightful sounds...not Mozart...not meant to be...highly recommended.  11 more words required per the rules...ok go baltimore ravens..go Liverpool
Very nice for the price!  I would not have expected more.  The sound quality is average but the recordings are very good overall
I wanted some music to play in the background when I was working on a project. Music that didnot need my full attention. I choose Strauss waltzes which can just be background. The 4/4 time gives me a beat that makes my work easy.
Love Strauss. You get a lot of music for a very low price.  If you like Classical musicthis is a great buy.
if you like waltzy music you will like this but it it soooo mellowing that you better be prepared to have a rest
Beautiful music but I did not know it was an all instrumental album when I ordered it. I was looking for something different, so I was disappointed. You should not though if you appreciate beautiful music played on simple instruments and not overly produced.
Harald Sverud's (1897-1992) musical language is nothing if not distinctive. Indeed, throughout Steen-Nkleberg series of his complete piano music we encounter a remarkably inventive and immediately recognizable voice. It is steeped in Norwegian Folk music, but cast in a highly dissonant, harmonically spiky language - Bartok come to mind of course, but Sverud's approach doesn't really sound very much like Bartok either. Sverud's music is inspired by nature, but it eschews the spectactular or lush and finds his inspiration in the half-heard, almost supernatural sounds of the owl-wings flapping unseen at midnight (his own words), the slight rustle of the wind in the reeds on the marshes or the tone-colors brought forth by the brook running through a rocky forest-bottom - that is, usually not even in the phenomena and sceneries themselves, but man's reaction to them, the moods and realizations of one's place in the grand scheme of things they conjure (the music is, for instance, subtler than, say, Tveitt's).The volume at hand brings us among other works the first volume of his famous (at least in Norway) Sltter og Stev fr Siljustl, perhaps the most obvious place to sample his piano music, and even though you'll have to look elsewhere for the most famous selections from that collection, this is still a very interesting set of pieces. The sonatinas are a little more anodyne (but still interesting), whereas the Lette stykker op. 1 are already fully characteristic. The Albumblader are cast in a more lyrical vein, and are rather stirring works. Steen-Nkleberg is a compelling advocate of the music, and the only nitpick would be a slight tendency to round off some of the more spiky harmonies. Sound quality is fine as well. Recommended.
What made Invincible stand head and shoulders above all other trailer music was the melodic core of the songs and the balance of tones.  Each track had structure, each one told a story.  The core elements of the music had a layered integrity which lent them power you could hear in seconds.Archangel is less melodic and borrows too much from all the mishmash-trailer music out there.  Choir voices over a frenetic orchestra is not powerful music, however overall Archangel remains superior to most.
I've been listening to this non-stop in my car.  I love the instrument music.  You can really feel the music this cd has to offer.
The music is fully orchastrated.  Rich full sound.  You feel like you are at the movies.  There is an other worldly sound to the albulm.
This is definately a nice piece of music that can accompany you while working out on your MP3 player. Thank you
I purchased this album a while ago.  I am a big fan of Two Steps From Hell, and I loved their first albumInvincible.I have listened to "ARCHANGEL" several times, and there are a few songs that stand out above the rest.  One of them is "Nero" [Track 7], which was recently used in the first trailer for the upcoming film adaptation of "Anna Karenina".  The music was perfectly utilized in that trailer, and proves that the music of Two Steps From Hell can have an even more powerful impact when put to images.A few of my other favorite tracks are "Everlasting" [Track 3] and "Ironwing" [Track 18], although there are many others that are unique as well and my favorites are always changing!You get 26 tracks totaling over 70 minutes of music, so the album is really great value for the price.  Overall, I think at "Archangel" is great, although not quite as good as "Invincible".  But I can't wait for their next album!
The music is incredible -- if you like music used in movie trailers, you'll enjoy this. I use it for background music while writing or exercising, and it never fails to get me moving.
I have been a fan of 2SFH for awhile and was so happy to find this album for sale on Amazon MP3 download. GREAT price for Truly EPIC listening experience.
This music is passionate, and intense!  It really keeps me motivated while I'm running on the treadmill.  Driving to this music may get you a speeding ticket, beware! :)
After listening to this album, I've come to more clearly appreciate what I don't like in this genre.  A single voice is just not enough.  There's something far more motivating about a chorus.  I almost gave this 3 stars because it's such a letdown after &#34;Invincible&#34;.  However, this genre's just so far and away better than most other music, I left it at 4.  I was also pretty disappointed with TSFH's Skyworld and Halloween.  It's like they can't decide what they want to do.  It makes it a lot harder for me to want to purchase an album if they're so wildly dissimilar.  If you like this music, some of the other groups you may enjoy include Epic Action and Adventure, The Immediate, Globus, Future World Music and E.S. Posthumus (Makara is my favorite).
The first half of the album is driving and emotional. The second half becomes a little repetitive with the choir singing and the driving instrumental, but a little spice is added when a metal sounding guitar is added to a particular song or two.Check out &#34;Archangel&#34; and &#34;Strength of a Thousand Men.&#34; They are good songs.
Here's is a fascinating release from Chris Watson & Marcus Davidson. There are only two tracks on Cross-Pollination. The first 28 minute piece, titled Midnight At The Oasis, is a time compressed recording by Watson, from sunset to sunrise, if South Africa's Kalahari desert. Just as you can imagine: the sounds of insects, birds, and nocturnal animals, are captured during their undisturbed activities. "After sunset the dunes, grasses and thorn bushes are patrolled by an emerging alien empire - the insects. Midnight at the Oasis' presents an unseen soundscape from this beautiful and hostile environment." If you don't plan on camping out in Kalahari, you can thank Watson for this wildlife experience. My dog loves this field recording! For the second piece, The Bee Symphony, Marcus Davidson arranges Watson's recordings of The Bee Choir scored after the notations of the bee hives of an English country garden. "I found that the bees formed chords around the A, which varied depending on their mood," writes Davidson. "I spent time notating these bee chords, or note clusters, and as the bees sing easily in the human vocal range, I then scored the actual bee music for choir. The score was written so the choir sings exactly with different aspects of the bee song in real time, so hopefully we indeed have humans singing in harmony with bees!" Quite fascinating, don't you think? You'll have to hear this for yourself!
Slightly disappointed.  Richard Hayman is simply too willing to veer off the beaten track.  Much prefer Erich Kunzel and the Cincinnati Orch for Mancini renditions.
What a great blend of sounds for lovers of brass instruments.  A great range of songs to show what this unique instrument can do to enhance a wide variety of musical arrangements.  Great job!
I'm not that familiar with bass instruments like this one, but a friend lent me the CD and I was quite impressed. I have a bass voice so have a bias towards the lower register. As a general music listener, I enjoyed the songs, especially the 2 - 3 that I recognized the tunes. Good CD!
The titular composition of Lisa Moore's new EP, composed in 2008, refers to a telegraph operator.  The metaphor is apt, as the piece is heavily charged with energy currents both active and awaited.  Moore performs the three tracks of Lightning Slingers and Dead Ringers on a keyboard controlling the Native Instruments Kontakt sampler, while simultaneously playing a Steinway D, producing an engaging industrial process balanced with a wide range of expressive piano timbres.  The sampler is well adjusted to produce raw, sine and sawtooth-like sounds more reminiscent of oscillators from the early days of electronic music.  The first track, "With enthusiasm and a little violence," opens with an assault from the sampler outlining a stark tonic - dominant - tonic loop.  The piano joins in with ominous trills and accented dissonant chords, and the keyboard triggers samples of prepared piano, plucked in such a way as to evoke the sound of an Oriental zither. Digital blips begin to pepper the texture, as if Kraftwerk plays pinball nearby. The sampler's abstract loop fades out so that piano voices can be explored more fully, combining samples of extended techniques (strumming, etc.) with standard live playing.  Annie Gosfield [the composer - Editor's Note] eschews the dense tone clusters of many contemporary composers and employs a language of short frenetic melodies and simple pitch sets, placed freely in time, so that the piano speaks and meditates, rather than singing.The second track, "Languid and Layered," is built upon a continuous drone of the sampler, effected by pitch envelopes to produce a buzzing sound like a pond full of tiny croaking frogs.  As in the first track, this element is removed so that the piano can state an enigmatic musical haiku."Machine-like, but with some groove" opens with the same sinister electronic loop of the first track.  Here there is some dialogue between the piano and sampler; they imitate each other, find common ground.  When the piano adopts the square rhythm of the sampler, which is punctuated by bursts of white noise, a groove indeed ensues.  As before, though, the piano insists on being heard alone, spinning triplets up and down the keyboard.  When the sampler occasionally returns, it is as a tutti of reverberating metallic outbursts.  The piano gets the last word, unencumbered by "process," able to ejaculate one final tantrum, which in the charged silence that ensues seems indeed a "dead ringer."The telegraph is a dinosaur of technology, and this album jacket's black-and-white photo of Annie Gosfield, made up as a `40s telephone operator complete with bobbed hair and earphones, reinforces the idea of a modern industrial past.  The piece could well be used as a soundtrack for Chaplin's semi-silent masterpiece Modern Times.  While women composers have certainly transcended their historical under-representation, Gosfield here seeks admirably to cement their place in the pantheon of industrial composers.The album's final track, "Brooklyn, October 5, 1941" (1997) for piano with baseballs and catcher's mitt, is inspired by the Dodgers/Yankees Subway Series of that year.  Here, the historical context is less obvious.  This was an era that saw the birth pangs of bebop, and the experimental extended techniques (rolling, rubbing, and striking of the keys, strings and soundboard with baseball and mitt) sound like anything but the fluid scales and arpeggios of Parker and Gillespie, and even less do they evoke the ballet of Joe DiMaggio.  This is, once again, industrial music for its own sake, Lisa Moore belching out the extremes of the piano's textural, timbral potential, as if presaging the imminence of the atomic age.Of the two compositions on this CD, Lightning Slingers and Dead Ringers is clearly more engaging, aesthetically and intellectually. Moore turns the duet between sampler and Steinway into an intriguing dialectic. While the former produces a tightly-structured temporal space, she employs the latter to reclaim a more personal psychic space with agogic flexibility and liberal use of rubato. Plucked, scratched piano strings evoke the brittleness of bone, and electric sonic distortion can point either to a dystopic future or, more likely, to the lost innocence of early modernity.-Rob Wendt is a pianist / composer / music educator living in Astoria, NY. You can follow him on twitter: @RobWendtOriginally published on ICareIfYouListen.com
I've wanted to hear Hermann's Moby Dick cantata for years, as Moby Dick is one of my favorite books. All existing recordings are out of print. Thank you Chandos for making a new recording of it! Bernard Hermann is famous as the soundtrack composer for many Hitchcock films such as Psycho, but he wanted to be remembered for his classical works.The cantata tells the story of Moby Dick in about 45 minutes and covers most of the main events of the story. To me, this music created a sound world that matched the claustrophobic world of Moby Dick. The part of Ahab is well composed and brings out the drama inherent in Ahab. There is a hymn based on the sermon before the Pequod sets sail. There is a jig section when Pip entertains the crew. There are moments of introspection when Ahab meditates on life, death, and the ocean. There are also moments of high drama. The best part for me is when Starbuck tells Ahab, "It's not the whale who seeks you, but you who seek the whale," just before the boats are lowered. The famous last lines of Ishmael end the cantata in a near silence as only the double basses rumble softly in the background.My one quibble is that Queequeg is not a character, but the focus of the cantata is on Ahab so this makes sense. Ishmael takes a supporting role in the cantata as observer and doesn't have a big part. The singing and orchestra are excellent.The Sinfonietta is a different piece of music and is moodier. It is closer to Hermann's film music, evoking a vague sense of dread in the listener.I recommend this music if you want to explore beyond Hermann's film music, if you like 20th century vocal music, or if you love Moby Dick and classical music and wonder what the combination of both would be.
This has all the great music from the soundtracks of the classic Universal monster movies in the '30's and '40's.
Great Telemann recordings, full of energy, but the Baroque Gypsies recording is even better. Easy to find on Amazon, and worth looking at their other recording too.
If you like the Amazon offering of 99 Darkest Classical Album then this will please. The arrangements are unorthodox and chilling, unique and obscure...I like that! Definitely artistic and somewhat decadent....enjoy.
If you love to read, love classical literature and classical music, then this is for you. It is quite relaxing to listen to and quite beautiful, as well.
Music is beautiful,  I mostly listen to it to relax and help fall asleep. I very much enjoy its calming effects.
If you would like a good back drop to a good book and cup of tea or coffee, this album will do the trick. Sometimes when I am stressed out with the days little problems its good to have an album like this just to sooth the soul. All the peices are arranged and played very well.
I received a Kindle Fire for my birthday in April and started enjoying reading in a less cumbersome fashion.  Then I discovered the application for Classical Music for the Reader and enhanced the experience two-fold.  A great way to escape from the chaos....a good book, accompanied by awesome music.
This is a great value! I have used it to provide ambient noise while I study. Just hearing the music now puts me in the mood to relax and read.
First of all, after downloading this compilation, create a playlist - name it whatever fits your mood at the moment.Move Vivaldi: violin concerto in E, opus 8/1, RV 269, "The four Seasons (Spring)" to first position play, because you'll be settled by the time the piece 'mellows'.Then delete Bizet, Wagner, Greig "Asa's Death", Strauss Jr.,Dvorak, and Shubert's Quintet in A, from list- a more subtle mix now!99 cents and you'll get 97 minutes of music after editing.
In my opinion, no recording of this well-recorded piece bests an out of print (regrettably) recording conducted by Carlos Paita on the defunct Lodia label. Unless you happen to have this CD already in your library, however, you are relegated to the many worthy and highly enjoyable recordings bunched just underneath. I listened to this recording just after hearing the new breezy account by Nezet-Seguin and the Rotterdam Philharmonic--an orchestra with much less punch than the Pittsburgh Symphony...and a few months after listening to the new-ish Norrington/SWR Radio Symphony Orchestra and his wonderfully bizarre treatment of (especially) the final movement. So next to those, any Fantastique would seem more Scene aux Champs. Nevertheless, while the rhythms could be more flexible and playful, the overall reading does offer advantages intrinsic to a well-measured pace: every musical phrase is honest and beautiful; you are treated to a dynamic array of orchestral color, texture, and depth--expertly done; and the whole piece is able to build neatly to a powerful climax. The Pittsburgh Symphony, one of this country's best European-sounding orchestras, sounds like two Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestras playing at once. While this may not be the Berlioz that Berlioz might have elicited, you will enjoy the change from your Davis, Gergiev, Minkowski, Mackerras, Barbirolli, Plasson, Pretre, Bernstein, Markevitch, Munch, Monteux, Chalmeau, Eschenbach--well, from any of a growing number. Marek Janowski and the PSO have done well; reward them with your purchase.
Three composers - each aiming to create modern music in which form has been replaced by "structures" - are featured on this Aurora CD of piano music performed by Hkon Austb. When does one listen to atonal music? In the morning while sipping coffee over a NY Times detailing the latest fabricated Iranian "threat"? Perhaps while running on the treadmill at the gym and looking up at Anderson Cooper reporting on the latest school shooting? Maybe at the checkout line at Wholefoods with a basket full of organic beet juice? The answer to all of these is yes: as we are continuously mesmerized by the last gasps of an unraveling empire, these various incarnations of serial piano music are the medicines to free us, and deliver us back to a spiritual tabula rasa, an unpolluted universe of pure sensory potential.The third piano sonata of Pierre Boulez is an unfinished work, or as Hkon Austb describes it, "a work in progress." It originally was to consist of five "formants" (as opposed to movements from a traditional sonata) but only the second, "Trope," and third, "Constellation - Miroir", were published and appear here in that order. You see, this is aleatoric music, though a more tightly-controlled variety than that composed by John Cage. The pianist must choose in which order to play the formant's sections (in Trope: Texte, Parenth&egrave;se, Glose, and Commentaire, but only 8 possible orders), "whether or not to play structures placed inside parentheses," and how to distribute "notes indicated to be played freely within a given time-span." Traditionally, the order of movements in a sonata is fixed, and the relationship between these movements is established by changes in key and tempo; thus a kind of narrative is established. The concept of "choice" during a performance is not, however, entirely new. Every time a performer comes on stage for an encore, that performer makes a choice of what to append to the program. Here, though, the idea of a narrative is completely done away with, and instead, in the words of the composer, the work resembles "the plan of a city... there are different ways of going through it... but there are certain traffic regulations.The pianist begins in a way that doesn't sound like a beginning at all. Since this is twelve-tone music, the tone-feed is rather balanced throughout, and dramatic moments are achieved primarily through abrupt changes in register and dynamics. The influence of Webern is frequently felt in the work of Boulez, and here as well. The absence of rhythmic patterns or harmonic hierarchy means that even the appearance of a consonant interval like a minor third does not serve as a rest stop, or a reward, but rather a somewhat more tidy corner in Boulez's city. The end of Trope, however, is clearly identified, as the last vertical sonority is sustained and allowed to decay naturally.I found myself discovering that while I associate certain types of music with certain moods (heartbreak? give me Tom Waits), this atonal piano sonata is something that takes me completely out of any emotional context. Every person interprets a piece of music in a personal way, and for me, I find that Boulez is a trustworthy escape from this age of ours, which I like to call post-empire. Though the piece is from 1957, the unraveling of the west's global dominance has been going on for some time, and though popular music has tried to respond to historical changes (flower power, punk, etc), I feel that what is needed is simply a musical epigram for a generation self-incarcerated in countless stupid little computer devices. Several such epigrams are provided by the Blocs and Points of the sonata's second formant, Constellation - Miroir (so named because it is published in retrograde form, and hey, who hasn't played a record backwards to try and find evidence of artistic transgression?). The pointilistic patter of hard-stuck piano notes could easily be taken for the ping of 0's and 1's which light up our post-empire world with videos of cats flushing toilets. This is truly music for music's sake and is in any event an excellent showcase of Austb's skill in articulation on the piano. At times the damper pedal is depressed just after a staccato attack, resulting in an eery, corrupted reverb.Elliot Carter describes Night Fantasies (1980) as "suggesting the fleeting thoughts and feelings that pass through the mind during a period of wakefulness at night... when it is not dominated by strong, directive intentions or desires - to capture the poetic moodiness... of Schumann['s] Carnaval and Davidsb&uuml;ndlert&auml;nze." This is interesting: Schumann dominated the Romantic piano literature of so-called character pieces, a major departure form the regime of the sonata. And just as Boulez has turned the sonata into structural labyrinth, Carter uses 88 "all-interval" 12-tone chords in order to evoke the panoply of impressions that take shape in our minds during a bout of insomnia. Perhaps we think very highly of ourselves during daytime, when we are in control with our impressive array of communication networks and organizational tools. But who has not experienced the sheer terror of a sleepless night, when the mind is unloosed in the darkness, penumbral fears coalesce, memories become contaminated with fancy and the subconscious, bloated with putrefaction, floats to the surface? Nighttime is no escape in the post-empire age, and Carter uses the piano as an EKG, interpreting the feverish ruminations of middle-class discontent, as well as the somber resignation that the year-end bonus has not brought happiness, after all. Indeed, the flux between stark lento passages and flighty, fugue-like flurries on the piano is handled with great control by Austb, and delineates a fascinating, paradoxical compromise between rigid constraint and freedom.Asbjrn Schaathun's Physis for amplified piano and five digital harmonizers (1986/2003) consists of seven "areas," each of which consists of a main section without electronics, followed by smaller sections using the digital harmonizers, which attach a very attractive shimmer to the sonorities of the piano, and also seem to sometimes compress the sound into dense, buzzing nodes of energy. As with the Boulez sonata, the performer chooses the order of these smaller sections. Austb points out in the liner notes that "the electronic component of the piece... has been subject to revision... as technology has evolved." Some of the parameters resemble ring modulators, sweeping through overtones and tapering off like the tail of a sonic comet. Some parameters are controlled by the performer, making the end product a true collaboration with the composer. Many of the scale fragments, winding up tightly and exploding in crashing chords, reduce form to a very small scale; the listener is captivated by the gravity of the present, no longer affected by the arresting events of just a few moments before.The resulting soundscapes are, in my opinion, like the Boulez, escapes from a world where we are accustomed to receive satisfaction at the click of a button, or escape disconcerting news at the click of another button, or just click buttons with glazed-over eyes because that's all that we do anymore. I could compare Schaathun's music to the drawings and sculpture of Roni Horn, but what would be the point? True artists and musicians have responded to their fractured disciplines and the loss of stylistic movements in the post-empire age by creating processes that aim neither to please nor to impress, but simply to exist as testaments to a sensory world which, while polluted with over-consumption and cursed by self-imposed cultural sterility, retains the potential to receive new modes of expression. Perhaps these artists are ushering a new age - one of intelligent design.-Rob Wendt is a pianist / composer / music educator living in Astoria, NY. You can follow him on twitter: @RobWendtOriginally published on ICareIfYouListen.com
I had these recordings in LP vinyl form when I was an organ student in the 1970's.  They served as my guide as I learned many of these pieces.  I am glad to be able to listen to them again.  Jeanne Demessieux (1921-1968) was as fine a French organist as any who lived during the days of Messiaen, Dupre, and Durufle.  Her life was tragically cut short by an embolism.  If you're looking for authentic performances of the Franck organ works by a fine interpreter, you can't go wrong with this set.  The organ is a Cavaille-Coll and the recording is good for its age.  The only problem is that this issue has practically no information and even the track listings are comically mis-spelled.  I believe that they were recorded at the Madeleine in Paris.  For the kind of background information you'd expect on liner notes, you'll have to browse the web yourself.
This is the seventh volume in the very useful Naxos series of the complete orchestral works of Claude Debussy, containing works for solo instrument and orchestra.The Fantaisie for piano and orchestra is a relatively early work, though Debussy made revisions to it later in his life. We hear the composer's latest version here. It's a slight but appealing work. I like the way Thibaudet swings this music, and Markl keeps things light and frothy and moving ahead.The other works on the disc represent the mature composer's greatness in creating beautiful and dramatic soundscapes. Though Debussy had to be dragged kicking and screaming into writing a piece for saxophone, you couldn't tell from the Rapsodie that the composer wasn't completely attuned to the sonorities of this instrument, which contributed so much to the special sound of French modernist music. The works featuring the harp and the clarinet similarly present new sounds that would be taken up by generations of composers who made their way to Paris in the 1920s: George Gershwin, Heitor Villa-Lobos, and so many others. With standout solo work by saxophonist Alexandre Doisy, harpist Emmanuel Ceysson, and especially clarinetist Paul Meyer, and strong support from Markl and the musicians of the Orchestre Naqtional de Lyon, this disc is very highly recommended.
Holiday CDs come and go.  Some fade out while others become lasting favorites.  My prediction is that the 2011 Delos release, Ceremony of Carols, will be one of the latter.  The disc marks an excellent recording debut by the aptly-named Etherea Vocal Ensemble, a group of young professionals formed in 2009 and led by artistic director, Derek Greten-Harrison.As its title suggests, the CD presents Britten's holiday favorite, A Ceremony of Carols (Op. 28) for treble voices and harp.  Despite countless recordings of this work on the market, Etherea's rendition stands out from the first crystalline declaration, "Hodie Christus natus est," to the end.  Captivating throughout, the singers' clarion voices were particularly crisp and bright during the animated polyphonic sections of "Wolcum Yole" and "This little Babe."  Of special note is Derek Greten-Harrison's fine countertenor voice which he put to good use in the haunting solo, "That young child"--another favorite movement from this work.In addition to the Britten, the disc includes English holiday carols, the glorious Basque carol, Gabriel's Message, Gounod's Nol, Gli&egrave;re's Impromptu for Harp, and Rutter's Dancing Day.  Etherea's performance of Gabriel's Message was especially ravishing, and the French offering by Gounod was a welcome treat.Harpist Grace Cloutier proved equally capable as a soloist and accompanist and her warm and expressive playing complemented the exquisite vocals.Throughout the entire disc, the vocal purity, harmonic balance, and angelic beauty of the group were superb.  The soloists all sang with clear, focused, voices.  Particularly memorable was the modal "There is no Rose" from Dancing Day featuring soprano Amanda Sidebottom and Derek Greten-Harrison in an impressive duet, their voices intertwining and blending perfectly.  It was only one of many, many moments that left me utterly transported.  Etherea has demonstrated that it is most certainly a group to watch.  Their Ceremony of Carols is the perfect antidote to the winter blues and is sure to remain a seasonal favorite year after year.The CD includes detailed program notes, translations, and musician biographies.-Lauren Alfano is a New York-based soprano,[...]Originally published on ICareIfYouListen.com
Fans of modern music looking for something new should give a listen to the Sonic Art Saxophone Quartet, which sounds like nothing else on the alt-classical landscape. The four members of this tight little outfit conjure an amazing range of tonalities and timbres, far beyond what one might consider possible on the saxophone. The unusual instrumentation proves particularly apt for adventurous composers like Philip Glass and Michael Nyman, who are featured on this disc. The group's powerful yet supple sound perfectly evokes Nyman's poignant lyricism and the nervous intensity of Glass' passive-aggressive sonic structures. Intricate, beautiful and hypnotic, this music will take the listener on unexpected and joyous journeys.
Glass String Quartet#3 1985The first problem with transcribing a string quartet to a sax quartet is the breathing. Fortunately, this was solved with overdubbing -which gives this Sonic Art Quartet performance an unworldly, superhuman-circular-breathing quality. The dynamic shaping of the contours is very smooth and the articulations are really beautifully executed. The gorgeous mp &lt; repeated notes are particularly seductive. All the rhythmic figures and arpeggiations are delicately tight and never clunky, as Glass is sometimes performed. It's difficult to imagine this music sounding any better, no matter what the instrumentation.The music itself consists of 6 short movements (all under 3 and  minutes) in `la stile de Glass'. Each movement has very contrasting tempi and textural preoccupations. This is what one might call middle period Glass in that the music is very fixed on pulse, rhythm and harmonic-rhythm and not as lyrical as the 90's output.Glass Sax Quartet 1995This work is definitely in the later period Glass bin. More lyrical, more contrapuntal, more canonic passages, more instrumental color, more formal complexity and juxtapositions. As he gets older his music is more eclectic-it takes a long time to nail down if it's Glass or not. The 2nd movement with all it's jazz counterpoint, tuttish heads, and bold modulations would stump any name that composer/tune contest. The 3rd movement returns to his gothic quality often copied by film composers (Danny Elfman springs to mind) but still is a long way from the endless arpeggiations of the early work. The lyricism comes in very short repeated phrases that have a really, un-self-conscious, Satieish stillness. The fourth movement has a Michael Torke kick to it. (It's interesting how the post-minimalist have bit the old minimalists in the behind.) This piece is way more Americana,Copland/Bernstein than Nyman or Adams ever were or will be.Michael Nyman Sax Quartet 1993Suddenly we are in the thick of European, specifically Dutch minimalism. The 1st movements rhythmic interlocking is more intricate, the harmonic progressions more conservative, and the writing has Bach-like counterpoint through out. The 2nd movement continues with a Bach underpinning in the harmony and use of pedals. Movement 3 is a little more lyrical. Nyman has a kind of English vaudeville side that creeps in and out (not unlike Paul McCartney), which is at once very naive and kind of sweet. I feel this especially in his soundtrack work, which are paradoxically great and annoying.  The final movement is slow and dirge-like--think the Chopin funeral march. Here, Nyman style is very assured --when he's not mildly vaudevillian or 18th C., He's very detached and cool. It seems his greatest preoccupation is harmonic design---everything else musical is subordinate to this concern-which has always given his music a very pure, cerebral quality.
If you enjoyed other David Parson albums, this one will be a good addition to the collection. I find myself pulling out his other albums to extend the listening experience.
There is no want of Tchaikovsky Violin Concertos on the market, many of them very cheap and many of them very good. But there is always room for one more when it is as good as this one. That it comes at so low a cost is icing on the cake.Violinist Ilya Kaler plays with excitement and conviction, fire and soul, which are sometimes missing in a work that requires a good deal of Russian passion. One of the first criticisms of the Concerto was its supposed trivial "Cossack" element, something that today has become its biggest selling point. Anyway, Kaler does not shy away from the big moments, yet he seems equally at home in the meditative stages, too. I thought during the first few minutes of the performance that Kaler lacked the requisite fervor for this work, but either he or I warmed up to the proceedings, and by the time it was over, I was a believer.It's one of Naxos's better-sounding albums, too.  More icing.John J. PuccioClassical Candor
Not my favorite of their Christmas albums, but it brings the Spirit of Christmas. This is a quieter more gentle music than many you will find.
The collection of songs really puts one into the holiday spirit.  It was a good purchase, and would search for other works by them.
The music is everything I expected.  On a few songs there is ample instrument accompaniment and for some this may take away from the experience.  Over all great musical renditions of many of my favorites.
Very Good much better than 2012 xmasgg ggg gggg ggugg ghg gggg gggg gg ggg ggg ggg ggg gh h
This is an good collection of short pieces that could complement student or professional recitals. Mr Posta's technique is excellent, his bass sound is great, as is his intonation. My only objection is a personal preference for a wider, less nervous vibrato.This is a well worthwhile purchase.
Very pleasant and easy listening.  I bought the full album and am enjoying it.  It's good enough to run through my main sound system and kick back in the recliner.
As you know, if you follow my reviews, I like to collect music to use as background when I work or study,This is a good example. Low cost, 30 songs, good buy.Enjoy
This is so lovely.I listen to it while working in my studio.Great background music to sooth the soul
First, a minor mystery regarding the sound engineering on these recordings. The recording information on CD of this IDIS issue is lamentably scanty, but insofar as I can tell from some cursory research, the "Enigma Variations" were recorded for Pye in June 1956 by Mercury engineers in the Free Trade Hall, Manchester. However, the Theme itself is in mono and stereo begins only at the start of the first Variation. This is unsettling, especially as the violins sustain a B natural forming the link between the two movements, during which the aural picture changes abruptly from mono to stereo. I have no idea why; perhaps the beginning of the stereo tape was lost or damaged, or someone threw a switch at the close of the Theme. This was a time of experimentation in stereo but you would hardly guess it from the superlative quality of these analogue recordings, made on 35 mm film rather than half inch recording tape, according to standard Mercury practice.Pye presumably did not have stereo equipment in June 1956, yet they recorded the "Elegy" and the "Introduction and Allegro for Strings" later in stereo in the December of that same year. They would therefore presumably have recorded this Cello Concerto in stereo in June 1957 yet here it appears in mono - excellent mono, to be sure, but old technology nonetheless. Again, perhaps the original stereo master was lost, damaged or in some manner unsatisfactory.Thus we are left with the "Enigma" (except for the opening Theme) and  the "Elegy" in stereo, with the Cello Concerto sandwiched between them in mono, even though it was recorded in the year following those first two items.This 2011 re-mastering by Danilo Prefumo for IDIS is also puzzling. Although the sound per se is superb, despite some slight screech on the upper strings in the mono tracks, the pauses in between tracks in the Cello Concerto are irritatingly short and consist of audible "dead sound" rather than the ambient noise and slight hiss which would suggest the continuity of a concert, as if, like an amateur using a free copying download, he had not selected "flac lossless". Worse, the ends of the Cello Concerto and "Elegy" are cut short before the sound has faded away naturally; I cannot imagine that this is the fault of the original recording. IDIS provides no notes or recording information beyond "Studio recording" and the year; all we have are track listings.Yet this is still a very enjoyable and valuable disc, such is the quality of the performances. They have been somewhat overshadowed by his recordings made in the 60's for EMI with the LSO and the Philharmonia, yet the Hall&eacute; sounds their equal here. Barbirolli's way with Elgar was never over-reverential; indeed he could seem brisk were it not for the genial manner in which he so carefully brings out details and constantly makes telling, minute adjustments to phrasing. His accounts of the "Enigma Variations" and Cello Concerto are amongst the swiftest on record - only Pierre Fournier's version of the latter with the Berlin Philharmonic is faster.  Barbirolli's interpretation of "Nimrod could seem even a little peremptory to the casual listener - but it isn't; his tempo is more Andante than Adagio yet still builds very satisfyingly from some really soft, delicate playing to a noble climax without courting sentimentality.Barbirolli has clearly envisioned the "Enigma Variations" as an affectionate tribute to friends rather than some monumental statement and his interpretation reflects that affection in its wit and warmth. While I still enjoy a more grand and stately manner such as Zubin Mehta and the Los Angeles Philharmonic bring to this music in my wild-card favourite recording from 1972, Barbirolli's approach seems to me to be much more in the true Elgarian spirit, avoiding any hint of bombast. Elgar's tribute to his wife (No.II) is tenderly phrased, Troyte (No.VII) is wonderfully animated, the Intermezzo is charmingly graceful, the Romanza (No.VII) passionate and the Finale thrilling, complete with organ. This not Elgar the patriotic old buffer, but the composer as a subtle and sensitive soul.There is no doubt that this account of the Cello Concerto with Andr&eacute; Navarra has been overshadowed by Barbirolli's later recording with Jacqueline du Pr&eacute;, yet apart from the obvious disadvantage of mono sound it is by no means necessarily inferior. From the very opening, Navarra's attack tells us that this will be a virile, direct interpretation without affectation or undue melancholy. Of course there is always room for du Pr&eacute;'s freer, more rhapsodic approach or Lloyd Webber's more thoughtful and ponderous delivery, but in spirit Navarra is closest to the aforementioned recording by another French cellist, Fournier with the Berlin Philharmonic in 1965. He brings a richness and depth of tone to the music, sharing Navarra's lack of artifice or striving for conscious effect, but also has the advantage over Navarra of sumptuous sound. However, he is in fact recorded too close, with the orchestra pushed into the background. Furthermore, seductive though Fournier is, I do not think he is technically quite as adept as Navarra: a few slips and imprecisions creep in and his Finale lacks the requisite tension, although the aristocratic poise and inner fire of his version still carry the day for me.Navarra had a neater, more slender sound with a fast vibrato; it is leaner than Fournier or du Pr&eacute;, who had a uniquely plush tone. The first movement is robust and defiant. In the Lento of the second movement, he is not as overtly elegiac as du Pr&eacute;'s, but he is always musical and impassioned and both steadier and more tonally centred than Lloyd Webber. Nobody, however, matches du Pr&eacute; tightness and accuracy in the tumbling semi-quavers of Allegro molto or her joyous emphasis of the pizzicato flourish concluding that bravura passage. Yet in the famous Adagio, Navarra's command of graded dynamics, the long line and his nuanced phrasing are especially striking. The Finale, to borrow a fellow reviewer's phrase, "swaggers cockily", recapturing the defiant note of the opening and ending more positively than more desolate interpretations.Finally, the 1956 "Elegy" is, I think, superior to the stereo account of ten years later: it conveys a more poignant conviction, making the slightly premature cut-off all the more regrettable.Despite its technical flaws and peculiarities this will give great pleasure to the connoisseur of the partnership between Elgar and Barbirolli.
Very relaxing music with a wonderful combination of harp and violin. I like to meditate to this CD and listen to it often
This is a nice relaxing bit of remixing, and for the price, it's a steal!  The background music isn't intrusive and actually gives the chants great support.  If one likes Enigma, this should be a consideration for purchase.
I bought this for the unusualness of the music - recitative with a techno mix - thought it would add to my eclectic mix of music.  And it did.  Some of the songs are rather lengthy and over done but in general, it's a great way to shake up my music collection!
I only purchased this because you got 50 songs for 99 cents....BUT I love it!!  Didn't know I would.  If you really &#34;listen&#34; to it, you will see the music is really beautiful with the voices of the monks.  great buy
It's different!  It's upbeat, cool, relaxing, meditative, with a jazzy feel to it.  There is even a romantic (guitar) track. The music can become montonous, especially with 50 FREE songs to listen to, but I still enjoy it!  If you're a person who is open to various music genres, you should consider this FREEBIE!
Add this to the collection. 99 per track, or the whole 50 tracks for that same 99. Unusual seques into some electronic and hip-hop beats. Trying to imagine the monks jumpin' to some of this. Some tracks might prove useful sometime.
Like the album, but it cuts in with some POP music I was not prepared for, so I am giving it four stars. To be fair, the title does mention this. I just have to be prepared for the music.
Actually ordered this because it seemed an odd mix and I was curious.  I found that it has become one of my favorite albums.  It is soothing without being sedative and is great background music for reading, working and studying.  Would recommend it to anyone wanting something different to relax to.
This is my first Schoenberg recording after discovering that his music is actually quite enjoyable to listen to, if you're paying attention and not using it as background music.  All four instruments come through beautifully on this one, but it definitely has a vintage background hiss--someone bothered by that should avoid this recording.I ordered the MP3 version and the booklet doesn't seem to come with it, which seems to mean missing out on a lot of background info.
Truly beautiful classical selections performed with fidelity and skill. This combined with well written and performed original praise compositions reflect both Alexandra's commitment to her art and to the God of all creation.
Does anyone know who is performing?  There are no notes with this and no information about the orchestras or soloists comes thru.
Good selection and quality. At the price even if I only liked a few selections this would be a bargain. Audio is very good and the works are done well.
This collection is a great deal for the casual classical person. I love the violin and collect the works of 3 masters. This selection is a brief trip through the world of bio;in. Somewhat generic, it serves the purpose of listening to some of the great concertos, partitas, and symphonies for a long period of relaxation or concentration. great selection and a steal of a deal!
So what.  It is still a bargain at the price.  I downloaded the piano concerto one and it is an even better bargain.  I plan on downloading this as well.  Amazon has so many great buys on classical music for downloading.  It make Itunes look super expensive.Joe P.
My biggest problem with this collection is not so much the quality of the performances but the the pieces lack the composer's name in the Artist's tag (Amazon, this is an easy fix).  I'm just a dumb listener of classical and although I know some of the composer's for some of the pieces and can guess at others and and most of the rest sound familiar, it would really be nice to know for sure the composer.  There is however, enough information in the titles to look them up.
A bargain price for this great sounding collection. Double nice if you don't already have these works. But there are actually 16 violin concertos, not 50. Those 16 concertos are three movements each, which make 48 tracks, plus two miscellaneous one track violin works are included, making 50 tracks, not 50 concertos.
A great album for background to conversation, medidation or reading. It is good that they put this album together for my listening pleasure.
From the sweet and pensive "Morning" to the bold "Song of Strength", this collection of improvisations is worthy to be in anybody's music library.  Suzanne's combination of skilled technique, beautiful expression, and creative themes comes "shining through". I have played this album over and over and find something new each time that speaks to me.
The sound is a little thin and the tempo a little slower than my preference but still a perfectly enjoyable version of both pieces especially for the price.
Being that I like Beethoven and Classical piano music, when this was offered as a $5.00 MP3 release, I jumped on it!While Ronald Smith is an excellent pianist - and while the transcriptions of Beethoven's 7th Symphony and the Bach Chaconne were good - somehow the majestic flavor of the 7th Symphony seemed lost without the full orchestra.  It's not something you would get if you're a classical purist that prefers the original versions.  But if you want a different take of normally very familiar orchestral pieces, then this is the album to get!
this feels like it is just one of many copies that are aimed too readers. i have found that while it is not bad there are other things to give me background music that i find more to my tastes.
This is the second classical music for the reader I purchased.  I love to sit quietly with good book and listen.  These recording s are lovely.  I will keep buying
I wish the composers were all ID'd in this series. It's a bother when creating correct ID3v2 tags. I can't find anyplace on the web that makes this task easy, including the publisher's website. After looking up each track individually, here's what I've come up with:Beethoven (Rita Honti) - PastoraleBrahms (D&eacute;nes V&aacute;rjon) - Romance in F Major, Op.118 No.5Carcassi (Rita Honti) - Etude in A Major, Op.60 No.3Chopin (D&eacute;nes V&aacute;rjon) - Nocturne in Db Maj, Op.27 No.2Finzi (Various) - Romance in Eb Maj, Op.44Grieg (Various) - Norwegian Dance No.2Handel (Various) - Water Music Suite No.1 in F, HWV 348 V. AirHaydn (Various) - Serenade, Op.15 No.7Liszt (Various) - Love DreamLukacs, Jenez & Karper (Various) - Quartet in G Major, D 96 Theme & VariationsMendelssohn (Jen&ouml; Jando) - Song Without Words, Duetto in F Maj, Op.38 No.6Mozart (Various) - The Magic Flute, KV 620 Act II, Paminas Aria (instr)Mozart (Various) - Wind Serenade in C Minor, Nacht Musique, K 388 AndanteSchubert (Various) - 3 Small Pieces, ImpromptuSchumann (Evelyne Dubourg) - Waldszenen, Op.82  IX. Abscheid (Farewell)Scriabin (Evelyne Dubourg) - Nocturne for the Left Hand, Op.9Tchaikovsky (Jen&ouml; Jando) - Souvenir de Hapsal, Op.2 No.3Tchaikovsky (Various) - Chanson Triste, Op.40 No.2T&aacute;rrega  (Simeon Simov) - TangoT&aacute;rrega (Rita Honti) - L&aacute;grimaT&aacute;rrega (Simeon Simov) - Maria (Gavote)Various - AndanteVivaldi (Various) - Concerto Grosso in D Minor, Op.3 No.11, RV 565  II. SicilianoVivaldi (Various) - The Four Seasons-Violin Concerto in F Min, RV 297, Winter II. LargoI don't concern myself with track numbers, so if you feel you need those then you're on your own.
I play these albums while doing yoga and meditating and stretching, but I can't give this one five stars because my cats don't like it as much. Well the littlest one doesn't, she hides under the sofa instead of stretching with me, so I have to give it four stars, ha ha.
this cd is perfect for listening while reading. it is really lovely classical music that i enjoy too. worth buying!! :)
Excellent Relaxing Music for the times when you just need to relax and let go of  the stress of a busy and long day. Play these tracks, enjoy this smooth music and let go of all those negatives feelings. Recapture that inner peace and calm balance with the help of the classical music in these great album.
I throughly enjoyed the music, it flows seamslessly from beginning to end.  Bad day this will improve your mood.  Having it on my Kindle means I can take it anywhere, and the sound is suprub.
Good, solid  selection of Beethoven's core works. No Herbert von Karajan and the Berlin Philharmonic, but solid performances.  Most of the works are not complete, most notable is total lack of Symphony #4.  But for little over a buck, it'll whet your appetite for more.
The rationale behind PentaTone's ambitious Wagner project is to produce a group of musically sound, well sung performances into SACD format, and since the label is known for its sonics, that part of the project has been accomplished. Listening in two-channel stereo, I was satisfied with their new Parsifal, and the fact that this recording derives from a single concert performance in 2011 insures that the voices can be lined up nicely in relation to microphones and orchestra. Another reliable constant is Marek Janowski's assured conducting, which is never less than solid - but rarely more.With the basics out of the way, what every Wagnerian wants to know is whether the cast can sing the opera, not always a given nowadays, even in the major opera houses. The Gurnemanz of Franz-Josef Selig, which duplicates his appearance for Thielemann on DG, is certainly well sung and thankfully not too venerable sounding. Selig's singing is on a par with Janowski's direction, very professional without achieving inspiration. A great Gurnemanz is essential in Act I if we are to feel the anguish of Amfortas's betrayal and the gloom of the Grail knights. Selig is expressive in his melancholy but hardly tragic. Even so, he's definitely one of the set's strengths.So is Kundry, assigned to a major singer, Michelle DeYoung, who like Waltraud Meier before her, has a bright enough mezzo to encompass a dramatic soprano role. DeYoung has risen to become an international star, and the voice is lovely. But she's not a rival dramatically to Meier, Christa Ludwig, and other Kundrys who convey the role's haunted agony unto death. Maybe it's just as well; this Parsifal is decidedly more about music drama than spiritual meanings.  Klongsor calls for a villainous voice, which can be high and nasty or low and threatening. Eike Wilm Schulte is of the former variety, his delivery so piercing that it becomes hard and edgy but all the more effective for a maleficent wizard.  For Amfortas, we have a Mariinsky staple, Evgeny Nikitin, one of the best Russian singers of Wagner. For strength and power Nikitin is excellent, but his stentorian delivery works against the character's physical woundedness - this Amfortas could leap off his stretcher and run a marathon. The sonorous Titurel of another Slavic singer, Dimitry Ivaschenko, is everything one could ask for.I'm not saving the tenor who sings Parsifal for last because he's entirely vital to the success of the performance. Both of Karajan's recordings are enthralling despite having relatively weak singers in the title role. Some critics have described Christian Elsner as a major find. He has a lot to recommend him: experience, a solid voice, sustained power, and a sound that isn't ugly, even if it's not beautiful, either.  The baritonal coloring we expect in a Heldentenor is distinctly present, so this isn't a ringing portrayal vocally, more like a upgrade of the standard beefy German tenors who undertake Wagner every night around the country.  Fortunately, there's enough passion in Elsner's portrayal and brightness in the upper range to carry off the role successfully, but he's fairly stolid.All told, this is the strongest sung of any of PentaTone's Wagner operas to date, which makes it a satisfying experience, not one to compare to classic Parsifals from Karajan and Knappertsbusch but fully up to any from the past decade under Gergiev, van Zweden, and Thielemann. The conducting is workaday, but there are many pluses on the vocal side.P.S. March 2013 - With his debut as Parsifal at the Met this season, Jonas Kaufmann triumphantly proved that a current singer can compete with the best of the past - look for a PBS broadcast in July that might turn into a commercial DVD.Evgeny Nikitin (Amfortas), Christian Elsner (Parsifal), Franz-Josef Selig (Gurnemanz), Michelle DeYoung (Kundry/Stimme aus der Hohe), Dimitry Ivaschenko (Titurel), Eike Wilm Schulte (Klingsor)Rundfunkchor Berlin & Rundfunk-Sinfonieorchester Berlin, Marek Janowski
The young German musicians in Trio Elego give fine presentations of music by Daniel Schnyder and Mikhail Glinka on their new CD Cosmopolitan. The unusual combination of clarinet, bassoon, and piano provides our ears with a fresh perspective on these two different and very individual composers.So-called "crossover" between jazz and classical often results in the worst of both worlds: cheesy jazz devoid of the right feel or rhythmic propulsion, and third-rate classical music lacking the sense of nuance and detail that makes it art. Daniel Schnyder's music is a rare exception. His compositions do not feel like forced attempts to meld disparate styles, but rather the creations of an individual who just happens to be conversant with different idioms. Schnyder seeks to make music that is functional in today's world rather than re-creating the past or treating composition as a cerebral head-game. While perhaps lacking in the emotional depth of Romanticism, the result is full of energy, spontaneity, and stylistic cohesion.His five-movement trio Worlds Beyond melds baroque sensibility and forms with the rhythms and wailing melodies of jazz and adds a modern twist--sort of a third-period Erwin Schulhoff for the new millennium. Antonia Lorenz's exuberant clarinet playing is displayed particularly well on this piece. She milks each phrase with pitch bends, grace notes, and quick flourishes. Lorenz exudes tremendous control in the way her slinky sound bursts into the foreground or recedes into the shadows as the music calls for. While at times her tone is a bit too bright or glassy for my tastes, overall it fits well with Schnyder's compositional style, and her aggressive improvisatory performance is risk-averse and full of life. Schnyder's writing is at its best when he finds common ground between his baroque and jazz influences, especially in the precise and aggressive articulations of the third movement (something woodwinds excel at). The first and last movements are particularly on fire in their raw display of energy, and Philipp Zeller's bassoon cadenza near the end is bad-ass without overdoing it. The second and fourth movements are a bit more juxtapositions between classical and jazz influences, and for my tastes I would have preferred either some all-out soulful blues or full-on lyricism. There were nonetheless some great moments in both movements, and Schnyder's Worlds Beyond allows room for the sound possibilities of each instrument to shine.Two of the three works by Glinka on this disc present a side of him not heard enough: his mastery of European Romanticism. Before developing the first incantation of Russian classical music, Glinka traveled throughout Europe and steeped himself in the music of the time. His Trio Path&eacute;tique, composed in 1832, reflects the influence of the bel canto operatic style that was all the rage at that time. As such it flows beautifully, and Glinka makes skillful use out of different registers of the clarinet in sweeping melodic lines. Isabel von Bernstorff's tone on the piano is particularly well suited to this piece, and her playing floats into the air in a way that makes the influence of Italian opera palpable. Glinka has given this unusual instrumentation a generous gift with a piece in this style. The Largo movement works well to highlight both the bassoon and clarinet's capacity for lyricism, and the final movement speeds to a conclusion in a way that draws out the rhythmic capabilities of the woodwinds. In other moments of the piece I'm less convinced by the instrumentation: the lack of vibrato and the piercing quality of the clarinet's upper register don't quite offer up the level of expressive capacity music in this style needs. But the Largo and Allegro con spirito at the end more than make up for these weaknesses.Trio Elego offers up another rare Glinka treat on this CD: an Allegro moderato movement from an unfinished sonata for viola and piano written when the composer was only 20. The piece works quite well on bassoon (I didn't even realize it was written for viola until I read the CD booklet). This is Glinka composing squarely in an early Romantic style. Zeller and von Bernstorff lean into each phrase together in just the right way, and their strong rendition helps cast Glinka in the right light--as a highly capable professional who could hold his own with any of his Western European contemporaries.A final quality to note about this CD is its down-to-earth lack of pretention. Trio Elego simply presents works of one under-represented 19th-century composer and one contemporary composer in a way that lets their music speak for itself. There are no gimmicky tracks, obligatory macbook / electronics piece, or overuse of extended techniques. The packaging is devoid of poorly done minimalist contemporary art, and Trio Elego isn't afraid to show off some woodwind dorkyness in their photos (and I mean that as a compliment--it sure beats seeing a string player sporting a leather blazer). The liner notes are informative about the music and at the same time accessible and to-the-point. Hopefully we get more CDs like this from young musicians.-David Pearson is a saxophonist residing in NYC.Originally published on ICareIfYouListen.com
There are rare moments in history when political and social upheaval come together with artistic innovation to produce music that is both emotionally charged and brazenly experimental. Unfortunately, Western art music for the most part missed its chance at the last such possible moment (the 1960s), standing aside (with a few exceptions) from the struggles raging in society and drawing its inspiration (?) from cerebral head games rather than the humanity around it. When people complain that contemporary classical music doesn't speak to them in the way, say, Beethoven does, there is an element of truth in the emotionally disengaged character of all too many recent compositions.Russian modernist composers in the 1910s and 20s (along with visual artists and poets) followed a rather different path. Many were swept up in the revolutionary upheaval and bold new experiment in human society. For at least a decade, there was much synergy in the parallel, tradition-uprooting paths of avant-garde art and revolutionary politics. It was in this context that Leonid Sabaneev (frequently spelled Sabaneyev) emerged as an important music critic and policy-maker. His small output of compositions has remained largely unheard, and fortunately into this abyss has come a new recording of his two Piano Trios released by GENUIN Classics.What I enjoy most about Sabaneev's Piano Trios is their combination of late-romantic sensibility with brazen dissonance and near-chaos. Melodies bursting with emotion are interrupted by ferocity and frenzy. The harmonic language, though highly chromatic, makes intuitive use of sonorities and voice-leading in a way that opens up a myriad of possible directions to the music. Far from the rigid world of serialism, there is far more malleability and expressive capacity in Sabaneev's compositions. Swirling rhythmic activity gives rise to punctuated accents, and rich melodic motives give cohesion to chaos.Trio-Impromptu, Op. 4, composed in 1907, bears the strong influence of Scriabin, of whose music Sabaneev was an early and ardent champion. Its colorful piano chords and sweeping gestures resonate beautifully, and pianist Michel Sch&auml;fer brings out a tremendous warmth and radiance in his playing. Restive moments of calm melodies are interrupted by exciting crashes and more angular lines, and the music never manages to sit still for more than a few seconds.Sonate pour Piano, Violon et Violoncelle, Op. 20 , composed in 1923/24, takes the intensity up several notches. Like many Russian modernist composers of the 1920s, Sabaneev here has a predilection for the piano's low register, which often booms with a fullness that verges on overtaking the strings. The contrasts in this piece are even more wide-ranging, with serene passages of a solo melody in violin or cello beautifully accompanied by rising lines in the piano juxtaposed with angular punchy ensemble intensity. A few rich melodies serve to unite the work as a whole, though of course their presentation in different moods and with different accompaniment makes the journey unsettled.A danger in performing these rather complex and chaotic compositions would be losing the richness of their melodic material in the elusive sea that surrounds it. The players on this recording manage to make the most out of the melodies without overdoing it. Violinist Ilona Then-Bergh is particularly impressive in the dynamic shape she brings to each line. This is especially noticeable in the way she trails off into the distance at the end of some phrases, and a beautiful soft reach into the violin's upper register in the last movement of Op. 20 was particularly enthralling. Cellist Wen-Sinn Yang holds nothing back in the most intense moments, and it's refreshing to hear such arduous bowing come to life on a recording. The pianistic writing on these Trios has many of the best features of late-Romantic Russian piano music, and Michael Sch&auml;efer renders these traits in a way that seems natural and always exciting. The ringing, bell-like quality of some of the chords in Op. 20 was a particular delight. The ensemble as a whole manages to swell, soar, and fade as a unit, and their molding of tempo to suit musical gestures is one pivotal quality that makes this recording a success. Though the German-trained string players lack the full-on constant dripping-with-emotion character of Russian-trained string players, their interpretation is by no means lacking in expression.Recent revivals of 1920s Russian avant-garde music have spawned a number of quality recordings of innovative composers such as Nikolai Roslavets and Alexander Mosolov. It's good to see that Sabaneev's Piano Trios have finally received a quality recording: now we can know him by his music, and not just his influential writings and important role in history.-David Pearson is a saxophonist residing in NYC.Originally Published on ICareIfYouListen.com
Mieczyslaw Weinberg as 20 years old and musically very talented young man had to flee from burning Poland in September 1939, leaving his friends and all of his family, who subsequently died in the Warsaw Ghetto. He was a child of his time and was a subject and witness to a true tragedy in the history of music. A Pole, who by the fate was forced to become a Soviet citizen with everything what it meant in those days and in the subsequent almost 60 years. Stalinism controlled him closely and suppressed his personality, exposed him to the ruthless and mindless terror of the censorship subordinating strictly his talent and musical creativity to party-political rules. He was arrested in 1953 and released after Stalin's death. After the transformation of the Stalinism to the "Khrushchevism", "Brezhnevism" and all the other fatal periods in the Soviet history, Weinberg had to fight his way through the oppressive doctrines of the Union of Soviet Composers that was completely subjected to the mercy of the regime. Many of Weinbeg's valuable musical gems could not be published but were to be hidden "for later" or as Weinberg called it "they were composed for the drawer" One of the examples is his Piano Sonata, Op. 49bis composed in 1951 but published . Few other compositions, which were "graciously" commissioned by the regime were mostly mediocre music for the propaganda movies and for circus. The Union of Composers limited number of premieres of Weinberg's new compositions in the country and did not allow Weinberg to go abroad to attend premieres of his few works that were smuggled out of the USSR.Paradoxically, in Weinberg's native Poland where the Communist Party controlled all cultural events, composing the classical music was hardly subjected to the control of the censorship and the musical life flourished in Poland as anywhere else in the Soviet Block. Thinking of Weinberg and his fate in the USSR I cannot avoid thinking how he would be developing as composer if he would have lived in Poland as many great Polish composers of his generation such as Witold Lutoslawski, Krzysztof Penderecki, Grazyna Bacewicz or Tadeusz Baird in the freer and more inspiring atmosphere of the Polish musical life.Still there are no doubts that the Soviet composer Weinberg remained a son of his native Poland. His creative works that do not conform with the social realism are deep down very Polish, just to mention his Symphony No.8 "The Polish Flowers", the Auschwitz opera "The Passenger", the songs to the lyrics of Polish poets Adam Mickiewicz and Julian Tuwim, Cantata op.91 to the lyrics of Julian Tuwim,  'Triptychon' op. 99 to the text of Leopold Staff,  the "War Symphony No.18 and many of his smaller piano pieces.The recording Complete Piano Music, Vol. 1 represents Weinberg's early releases. The music has themes that are deeply rooted in his youth and still relate to his Polish past: the early Sonata No. 1 (1940),op 5 and No.2 (1941),op. 8, Lullaby, op.1 (1937) and two Mazurkas op.10 (1942). There is also his later Sonata op.49, which is based on material composed "for the drawer" in 1951 and published first in 1978. Weinberg's piano works are played very convincing by Allison Brewster Franzetti, an experienced pianist known for her successful recordings of the East-European music. She has a good sense of how the early Weinberg should sound and her interpretation corresponds well to the young Weinberg's still slightly immature and or rather insecure style of composition.
Sir Edward Elgar completed only two symphonies during his long and distinguished career. These complex, massive works do not give up their secrets easily. While many early 20th century composers languished under the influence of Brahms, Elgar displayed a close affinity to Bruckner. The symphonic arguments of both unfold slowly, with great dignity and nobility. Indeed the designation "nobilmente" was among Elgar's favorites, and he used this word to describe the character of the first movement of his First Symphony. For conductor and listener alike, however, there is a fine line between nobility and tedium.Two conductors who skillfully and consistently walked that line were Sir John Barbirolli and Sir Adrian Boult. The former's approach was generally calm and collected. Barbirolli favored slow (but never sluggish) tempos and grand sweeping phrases that lend an appropriately Brucknerian weight and intensity to this music. By comparison, Boult seems brash and impulsive--even in his old age; he was pushing 90 when he gave this performance in July 1976. His tempos are brisk and bracing without ever undermining the majesty of Elgar's richly melodic utterances.Both conductors were uncommonly sensitive to Elgar's rich instrumental colors, though Boult tends to give more prominence to the harp and the winds--particularly the clarinets. This impression, though, may be due in part to the recording engineers. This BBC broadcast tape boasts exceptional clarity and openness with only the tiniest hint of analog tape hiss. By comparison, Barbirolli's otherwise excellent EMI recording (Elgar: Symphonies Nos. 1 & 2; In the South; Serenade for Strings) sounds veiled and distant.If Barbirolli's interpretation was inspired by Bruckner, Boult focuses on the score's Straussian heroism. Thus his pacing is consistently quicker than Barbirolli's--four minutes faster in the opening movement; three in the adagio. This generally works in Boult's favor, especially in his haunting, ethereal reading of the adagio. Barbirolli's prosaic approach to the score's radiant slow movement lacks Boult's warmth and lyricism. However, in the sweeping finale Boult seems frantic and incoherent next to the symphonic sweep and volatility of the Barbirolli disc.Boult's Brahms 3rd is rather less remarkable. This performance was given over a year after the Elgar, and Boult appears to have aged considerably, at least in musical terms. This time around his tempos are quite a bit slower than the norm. Even Martin Cotton, in his gushing booklet essay, has to admit that "the tempo for the first movement may seem a little slow for the Allegro con brio marking." But the problem here is more than a matter of tempo alone; the "brio" is also absent. Phrases don't end; they simply run out of steam. Attacks are softened, and the score's many dramatic outbursts are muted. That said, there is still much beauty here, especially in the lush sound and glorious playing of the BBC Symphony.
Gramercy begins in the darkness. At 2am to be precise. Gareth Davis lacerates on the brooding clarinet as Frances-Marie Uitti anguishes over the distressed cello. Both instruments cry and wail in agony, scratching over strings, escaping the tone valves, and stirring the vibrations in the still of the night. Even when the morning comes, I have to open the blinds to let some light into the suffocating climate. On the album, virtuoso cellist Uitti's "sweeps and drones are matched perfectly with Davis's patented haunted drones and breathy chokes, resulting in a deftly academic yet unnervingly involving narrative." At times the clarinet barely whispers, like a gasping ghost trapped between the twin bow and the strings. This haunting organic ambiance stirs the emotions, raises the hairs, and crawls down the spine, landing on the roster of Miasmah`s catalog among the label-mates like Kreng, Kaboom Karavan, and Gultskra Artikler. Gareth Davis has previously appeared on my rotations after I discovered his collaboration with Machinefabriek on Drape (Home Normal, 2010), and his work with Steven R. Smith on The Line Across (Altvinyl, 2010). His most recent release includes another partnership with Rutger Zuydervelt, titled Grower (Sonic Pieces, 2011) and has been featured on Headphone Commute's Best of 2011 list, Music For Sonic Installations In The Cavern Of Your Skull. Meanwhile, Frances-Marie Uitti has been collaborating on music since 1990s, releasing on contemporary classical, avant-garde and jazz labels such as Cryptogramophone, hat ART, and ECM New Series.
Alejandro Rutty's new album The Conscious Sleepwalker is both a tour de force of the tango form,  a deconstruction and re-imagining of that musical tradition. The grand, genre-spanning and genre-breaking ambitions of Rutty's music are fully realized thanks to the precise and passionate execution of the performers. The album features two saxophone quartets, Cuarteto de Saxofones 4mil and Red Clay Saxophone Quartet, as well as 3 orchestral ensembles, the Mayan City Sinfonietta, the Moravian Philharmonic Orchestra, and the Kiev Philharmonic.Since its first recognition as a distinct form in the 19th century, tango (both the dance and the music) has spread around the world and continued to develop and evolve. The tango composer most well-known to many listeners today, Astor Piazzolla, brought elements of jazz and even classical music into what had been a folk form. Rutty, building on the work of other tango experimentalists, goes even further, not only conceptually, but temporally and instrumentally as well. The "temporal" part comes from the beginning of the album, A Future of Tango, which is a three movement concerto for saxophone quartet (with orchestral backing) in which each movement represents what tango may sound like in a different, future year.The very opening of the first movement, 2045: Mind Transfer Tango, is reminiscent of the soundtrack to a big Hollywood action movie, with a loud percussive hammering out of repeated eighth notes. But this syncopated pounding soon gives way to a somewhat traditional tango melody, spread out among the saxophones and the ensemble (using a four-person ensemble as a "soloist" was a brilliant move, because it means that at any moment the primary focus can be in almost any register, or even on a chordal passage.) After a wild romp around the scales, there is a moment of seeming calm, underlaid with mystery, which bursts wide open like a breached river dam into a sort of leaping melody supported by an insistent percussion line.Much of the music on this album alternates between furiously driving rhythms and sly, slinky, slow melodic passages. The slow sections are effective because of the way they contrast with the energy of most of the music. Although they do function in the standard way of giving the audience a moment to breathe or reflect, I sometimes found they drew me in deeper, like an unexpectedly profound line uttered by an otherwise straightforward protagonist in a thriller. Furthermore--to further abuse the action move simile--the transitions back to faster rhythms made the apparent pauses seem like deceptive setups to exciting plot twists.Sometimes, as in the final track, Tango Loops 1, Rutty blends the first-introduced fast and slow themes together later on in the piece, with, say, a threatening quick bass line accompanying a lyrical clarinet solo. The different moods perform quick exchanges, and individual themes move seamlessly among the players. It is as if Rutty is playing with tango's two faces, the languorous and the passionate, and seeing if he can get the line between those moods to blur and ultimately disappear.Another feature of Rutty's distinctive style is his use of counterpoint in which the accompanying line is dissonant yet still recognizably complementing the primary melodic material. Most strikingly, the end of one of the slow parts of Mind Transfer Tango uses the extreme high register on the soprano saxophone as a sort of descant--this is a searing, yet effective, move, mainly because it's brief and not overdone. In fact, it was downright enjoyable to hear a brief callback to that bold gesture during the concerto's slow second movement, 2098: Wartime Tango. Meanwhile, the last movement, set a century after the first (and on the planet Mars!), is both danceable and eerie. The swells of the strings, the wails of the saxophones, and the constancy of the drums all intersect to make for a memorable musical journey to the red planet, that ends with a surprising yet satisfying reprise of the opening of the very beginning.There is much, much more I could say about the music, but I should take a moment to talk about The Conscious Sleepwalker CD's enhanced content. I had some complaints about the digital extras on the last album from this record label that I reviewed. While I am pleased to report that some of what is included here is much more complete and useful, such as the thorough liner notes for each track, as well as two bonus music MP3s, problems remain. There are .jpg files of the scores of A Future of Tango and The Conscious Sleepwalker Loops. Each page of these scores, however, is a separate file! It is possible to highlight all of them at once and open them into a single frame in Preview, but this causes problems with zooming. Speaking of which--and more problematically--the resolution of the files is too low for the notation to be examined in any detail. Why go to the trouble of including these scores, if they're only going to appear in such a compromised form?The Conscious Sleepwalker is, as the title implies, full of contradictions: both rooted in tradition and deeply original, both avant-garde and fun to listen to. Alejandro Rutty envisions a future in which tango is still a major and still distinct art form, yet one that continues to draw on a variety of musical traditions, including but by no means limited to contemporary classical's penchant for moments of dissonance and metrical shifting. With this album, he is himself contributing greatly to the likelihood of that future's existence.-Matt Weber is a New York based composer, educator, and political slacktivist.Originally published on ICareIfYouListen.com
Hippos Epos is the latest release by Italian percussionist Sebastiano de Gennaro, on Trovarobato's Parade label. Of the six pieces contained on the disc, three are original compositions for percussion and electronics (Donald Fauntleroy Duck, Electric Poneis, Musica per Aristofane), two are highly imaginative reinterpretations of major works from the cannon (Kindersinfonie, and Bach's Brandenburg Concerto no. 2), and one is a faithful interpretation of a minimalist landmark (Steve Reich's Music for Pieces of Wood). It seems highly appropriate at this point to issue a bit of a spoiler alert for any interested reader, as the six titles represented on Hippos Epos are heavily steeped in irony, sarcasm, and humor.In a press release, Gennaro warns the listener that no track should be taken very seriously, not that such a warning is even necessary. The opening track is a rather vulgar piece titled Donald Fauntleroy Duck. The piece, co-written by Gennaro and Enrico Gabrielli, begins abruptly with an aggressive electronic squeal very reminiscent of the type of blood-curdling scream found at the start of many great punk and hardcore records. What follows can only be described as punk rock riffing on electronics, saxophone, and a snare drum, while samples of a belligerent Donald Duck chime in and out. The image of Donald Duck angrily and nervously pacing the stage like a riled up Henry Rollins in a dark, dank, hole-in-the-wall bar wouldn't seem too far removed from the appropriateness of the opening title. Though Duck's lyrical content remains largely intelligible throughout the track, one things is clear: he is pissed and wants the listener to know it. Any children in the room should get "ear muffs" for this one.The following track is a re-orchestrated arrangement of Kindersinfonie, whose hazy origins are often attributed to either Leopold Mozart or Franz Joseph Haydn, is here scored for an ensemble of clarinets and electronic toys. It is a humorous and lighthearted contrast to the sonic brutality of Donald Fauntleroy Duck. The following two pieces Electric Poneis and Musica per Aristofane play as though they are soundtracks to scenes to science-fiction movies and cartoons. They are both composed for percussion and triggered electronics and display Gennaro's abilities as both a multi-instrmentalist and composer. Compositionally speaking, these two pieces are separate and unrelated, but they contain strikingly similar and unsettling sound worlds and would not be out of place if paired together in a suite. The close of Musica per Aristofane almost begs for another movement.It is Steve Reich's Music for Pieces of Wood that really sounds the most striking on the album, as it sounds seemingly out of place amongst the timbre-rich clatter of electronics, percussion, and toys in the preceding pieces. Reich's meditation on the construction and deconstruction of simple rhythms certainly leaves the listener in what Gennaro describes as "a state not unlike hypnosis." In taking Reich's work at face-value, Gennaro delivers a very convincing performance that immediately transforms the listeners senses into something almost Zen-like. It is a serious performance of a serious piece of music, but it also marks the setup of a joke that would make even Victor Borge or P.D.Q. Bach envious. The punch line to this grand setup is none other than J.S. Bach's Brandenburg Concerto no. 2. Bach's masterpiece should stand out as a major warhorse, displaying what is often considered the height of musical sophistication, yet in a bold move too ironic even for Alanis Morissette, Gennaro renders the famed concerto every bit as musically potent as Baby Einstein or Rockabye Baby: Lullaby Renditions of Pink Floyd. By simply re-orchestrating the piece for an orchestra of toys and percussion, the Brandenburg Concerto displays the seriousness of an episode of Spongebob Squarepants. It is Reich's static, non-harmonic piece for percussion that comparatively sounds like the sophisticated superior.Hippos Epos displays a playful and youthful sense of immaturity, while at the same time showing the comedic sensibilities and timing of Andy Kaufman. There are numerous musical jokes contained in this package with generous setup, yet like Kaufman, the punch lines are often awkwardly long and leave the listener questioning whether or not they should laugh with Gennaro or at him.-George Heathco is a composer, electric guitarist, collaborator, and teacher that lives in Houston, Tx with his wife and daughter. You can follow him on twitter:@GeorgeHeathcoOriginally published on ICareIfYouListen.com
Not my choice of Mozart favorites, but well worth the download cost.  i got it primarily to hear Greta de Reyghere sing Laudate Dominum because I liked her voice and interpretation better than all the others I listened to.
The problem with really good earphones is that they focus the listener's attention on the sound of the recording, over and above the music and the musicianship.  This recording may be overcompressed, or it just may have been mastered a generation or two down (I don't think it was originally a digital recording) but there's a slightly squeezed and pasteurized sound to what is otherwise a brilliant recording.
What's Cradle Song doing in here (selection #25)? This is a lullaby that puts me to sleep every time I hear it. Unless I'm reading in bed at night, it is not generally my intention to fall asleep while reading.The other selections made a more suitable soundtrack for my reading activities. I'll just remove Cradle Song to my relaxation playlist.
Perfect for both reading and writing....  (Happiness: sitting in a coffee shop - ChromeBook, Amazon Cloud Player, and headphones.)  The land of thoughtful attention through a digital window.
This purchase was well worth it.  The music is relaxing and perfect to read by or just to meditate and think.
I wish the composers were all ID'd in this series. It's a bother when creating correct ID3v2 tags. I can't find anyplace on the web that makes this task easy, including the publisher's website. After looking up each track individually, here's what I've come up with:(Various) - Menuet I  [too ambiguous to identify]Beethoven (Evelyne Dubourg) - Piano Sonata No. 14 in C Sharp Minor, Op. 27 No.2, Moonlight I. Adagio sostenutoBeethoven (Istvan Szekely ) - Piano Sonata No.8 in C Minor, Path&eacute;tique II. Adagio cantabileBrahms (D&eacute;nes V&aacute;rjon) - Intermezzo in B Flat Minor, Op.117 No.2Brahms (Various) - Cradle SongChopin (Evelyne Dubourg) - Nocturne in C Sharp Minor, Op. Posth.Chopin (Simeon Simovn) - Waltz, Op.2 No.2Dvorak (Jen&ouml; Jando) - Humoresque in G Flat Major, Op. 101Grieg (Jen&ouml; Jando) - Lyric Pieces, Op.12 No.1, AriettaGrieg (Various) - I Love You, Op.41 No.3Haydn (Various) - String Quartet No.77 in C Major, Op. 76 No.3 Emperor II. Poco Adagio cantabileMendelssohn (Jen&ouml; Jando) - Song Without Words in E Major, Op.19 No.1Mendelssohn (Jen&ouml; Jando) - Song Without Words The Venetian GondolaMendelssohn (Jen&ouml; Jando) - Spring Song, Op.62 No.6Mozart (B&eacute;la Kov&aacute;cs) - Clarinet Concerto, K.622 II. Adagio,Mozart (Hans Friedrich) - Concerto for Flute, Harp and Orchestra, K. 299 II. AndantinoMozart (Various) - Serenade in E Flat, K. 375 MenuettoMozart (Various) - Serenade No. 13 in G Major, K. 525, Eine kleine Nachtmusik II. Romance AndanteMozart (Various) - The Marriage of Figaro, K. 492 Cherubin's Song (instr)Rubinstein (Jen&ouml; Jando) - Melody in F Op.3 No.1Saint-Sans (Miklos Perenyi) - Carnival of the Animals XIII. The SwanSchubert (Various) - Moment Musical No.3Schumann (Evelyne Dubourg) - Waldszenen (Forest Scenes), Op.82 III. Einsame Blumen (Lonely Flowers)Vivaldi (Lajos Mayer) - Mandolin Concerto in C Major, RV 425 II. LargoVivaldi (Zoltan Gy&ouml;ngy&ouml;ssy) - Flute Concerto in G Minor, Op.10 No.2, RV 439, La Notte III. Largo
Nice assembling of some classic compositions, nice to have a collection to round out my music potpourri and great for meditative listening as well.
Sometimes classical music can have a wide dynamic range with very quiet sequences followed by loud passages, which makes reading (or listening in a car) more difficult.  The pieces in this set are more &#34;even&#34;  and are very enjoyable to have on in the background.
It is hard to find great classical music which I don't already have in my collection.  Even this had a number of tracks which duplicated music already in my collection.  But the value was irresistable so I had to buy it.
Nice assortment of gentle classical music to read or putter around the house to.  I quite like it, and I'd recommend it.
Although I really haven't had the chance to listen to this in its entirety (and, considering we have a three-generation household, will likely not for the foreseeable future), I like the idea of having good classical music to enhance the mind while reading such classics as The Cat in the Hat, Peter Pan, and the local newspaper.
Almost everything here is superb, and superbly performed.Ran the playlist while guests were here, and everyone had a favorite, even specific scenes from the featured films.
Most of the classical pieces on this album make for a pleasant background music for reading or other activities where you may want some pleasing sounds in the background. All of the music is performed well, but there are a few of the classical pieces that I find a bit distracting while reading and that is the reason for the 4 star rating.
read and listen.. without interupting your reading.... that is what I like about this series... wonderful selection of classics that play in the background when you need them to be played... .
this album had a lot more enjoyable songs than i expected, but the volume is a little low. yes, a good buy.
I was familiar only with Danzon #2, which Dudamel has made one of his signature pieces, and which our orchestra is playing. It's a great piece, worthy of five stars.  The other danzons are interesting as well, but I began to find them repetitive. Marquez is certainly a composer to watch, though.
Worth the relatively small expenditure to have an interesting collection of Russian Opera highlights. I think from the Hungariton and/or Melodya catalog.
I'm not quite sure when people find the time to listen to things like this, but as far as accessible, yet avant garde mood pieces go, it's quite beautiful and stimulating. The aesthetic parameters, playing this pice by the ocean in some dance hall with all the windows and doors open, really make it interesting. The music moves from the delicate, to the abstract, to pretty, to the atonal - all the while the piano is drenched in reverb from the cavernous space and is sometimes drowned out by the soothing sounds of waves, wind and people walking by. I liked it a lot and I'll play it sometime late at night or in the dark.
Great conductors have virtues that not everyone appreciates. Haitink's personality takes a back seat to his very fine musical instincts, but to his detractors that's the same as uninvolvement, a fatal flaw when conducting Mahler. Here is his fourth version of the Mahler Second on disc (that I've heard), and it fits the same template as the others. The year is 1995, a few months after recording the same work in the studio with the Berlin Phil.  As before, emotional turbulence is underplayed. the two inner movements are refined, a no man's land for irony and satire. The two outer movements are stronger; they are the pillars that hold the whole structure together.The other three times I've experienced this, I came away unmoved. But on this occasion Haitink finds a perfect match with the occasion. The Dresden Staatskapelle was commemorating the fiftieth anniversary of the Allied carpet bombing that destroyed the city in 1945, an event that deserves an apocalyptic symphony full of terror, remorse, and possible redemption. Because of the perfect match of music and occasion, the performance is moving in a way that brings Haitink's thoughtful, inward-looking conception to emotoinal life. What used to be an undercurrent is right on the surface, aided by deeply committed playing and open, natural sound that has enormous impact whenever the score volcanically erupts.There are occasional bobbles that haven't been edited out, but they are minimal. The vocal essentials are in place: two good solo singers and an excellent chorus. I don't think anyone will have difficulty feeling the special urgency that Haitink is responding with. but be forewarned that this isn't the Mahler Second as led by Bernstein and Tennstedt. As explosive as Haitink is able to be, the quieter music has a tendency to become overly subdued. For perfect ensemble, one would have to turn to the Berlin account on Philips or the Chicago Sym. on their house label. I only grew to love Haitink's Mahler by hearing it in the hall, and here in Dresden that experience comes closest to being duplicated.
Evan Ziporyn`s new recording, Big Grenadilla /Mumbai, manages to be futuristic while playing with tradition, exotic without being artificial. Ziporyn himself, a clarinetist, composer, and core member of Bang on a Can All-Stars, is clearly used to living in several simultaneous musical worlds, and has found a way to fuse them without compromising their essences. Rooted in Romanticism (both pieces are something like concertos, while Mumbai is also a semi-programmatic reaction to the eponymous city's 2008 bombings), but thick with Hindustani classical music, avant-garde jazz, extended techniques, and minimalist melodies, the two works demonstrate Ziporyn's unique approach to composing with the sound and energy of improvisation. Joining him in his endeavor are the Boston Modern Orchestra Project, conducted by Gil Rose, for both pieces, and tabla virtuoso Sandeep Das for Mumbai.Big Grenadilla opens with Ziporyn intoning a low, resonant prayer. Overtones unfold and reach mournfully outward, alone at first, then joined by a cautious orchestra. Composers who are primarily instrumentalists usually have some trace of their instrument's character in their orchestral work, and Ziporyn, with his love of rich, blended overtones and multiphonic sound-masses, is no different. The word "grenadilla", according to Ziporyn's liner notes, refers to the wood of the clarinet itself, and makes one think of the sweet, trembling voice that issues from it. In the early bars, the clarinet and ensemble join and separate like blobs of sonic mercury, often indistinguishable from each other. The second section, a driving riff reminiscent of John Adams, is alluded to briefly a few times before finally roaring in. Big Grenadilla builds slowly, to a glorious climax that sounds like Gershwin scoring a Bollywood-produced spaghetti western.Ziporyn seems to associate rhythm with stability in his writing: in both Big Grenadilla and Mumbai, the emotional spectrum is vast, but the real chaos and uncertainty happens in free time, while the development and resolution tends to ride atop driving rhythms. Ziporyn's gorgeous bass clarinet ostensibly leads the piece, but it's not really a concerto in the classic sense. The lead instrument isn't the protagonist (in contrast to the tabla's central role in Mumbai). The experience is more like listening to a story told by several friends at a bar: one person, usually with the most charisma and dramatic flair, tells you most of the story, because it sounds more natural coming from them. But others take over when necessary. Maybe they do better impressions. Maybe they knew part of it before anyone else, and now they have a slice of the tale all their own. The point is that the storyteller who speaks more often is not necessarily the leader. One also thinks of great jazz records where you cannot tell whose album it is just by listening, so egalitarian is the performance.Ziporyn mentions in his liner notes that his "21st-century dread" plays a role in his composing, and it sounds like dread lies at the center of Big Grenadilla`s narrative arc. It moves from bright hopefulness to frightened pessimism, yet turns it's mood in the final minutes and ends on something like nervous optimism.Mumbai, however, is practically defined by dread. Divided into three sections, "Before", "During", and "After", with Das as the main instrument instead of Ziporyn, it feels like a short story, and more like a concerto than Big Grenadilla. Given specific parts but allowed to interpret, emphasize and embellish at his desire, Das weaves the improvised virtuosity of classical tabla into Ziporyn's sparse, eerie orchestrations with sharp precision. Part 1 ("Before") bustles and bubbles in gentle homage to its namesake, with Das strolling through streets built by quivering strings, exuding sly confidence. He displaces the rhythm at times, and occasionally the orchestra wanders into strange territory... but just for a moment, though, never too long...yet something seems amiss, perhaps, in an abstract way. Nothing you'd really notice unless you were paying attention, but maddeningly ominous once realized.Part 2 ("During"), opens with Das in a dizzying panic, bursting with percussive flurries evoking jittery dread. A doom-laden, martial rhythm sounds in the distance. Plowing through the orchestra's slow pulse with quick, demented patterns, Das strikes a manic balance with the incessantly plodding march. The piece feels like you're following Das as he scrambles across town, smoke and noise growing thicker while his composure slowly breaks down. You can practically hear him wondering if he knows anyone who's been hurt, wondering how bad it must have been to get the whole city fraught with fear and tension. His virtuosic embellishments come more frequently in this part, but disrupt the pulse in a brilliant, yet profoundly unsettling manner.Part 3 ("After"), emotionally wrenching while ambiguous, formless, yet dynamic, allows Das to wander through shifting tempos submerged in churning orchestral clouds. A loose, supple theme of hope and light appears throughout, but each statement is always met with Das' spastic bursts, or sudden, manic shifts in the strings towards charred wastelands of harmony. Our protagonist runs around in a frenzy, trying to understand what's happening, while he fights to keep his sanity. By the end... well, there's hope, certainly, but also fear and pain.Ziporyn is balancing a lot here: both European and Hindustani classical musics, modern avant-garde art music, minimalism, free improvisation... but you'd never know it unless you specifically stop to over-analyze. It was on the fifth or sixth listen where I started trying to grasp all the components of Ziporyn's sound and style, and it is wonderfully impossible, like trying to see all the atoms in a hurricane. He takes what he loves, from old traditions to modern experiments, and finds ways to comfortably squeeze them together, fitting improvisation into through-composed orchestral works, or making two traditions with essentially opposing rules and structures sound as uniform and natural as a folk song. Ziporyn has written a gorgeous and thoughtful elegy for the victims of the Mumbai bombings, and in doing so has also produced one of the finest works of his career.-Evan Burke is a bassist and composer living in Brooklyn.Originally published on ICareIfYouListen.com
MTT recorded a scattered Beethoven cycle in the Eighties with the English Chamber Orch. and the Orch. of St. Luke's, but it is rarely referred to. I have only a passing acquaintance with a few of those recordings.  Here we begin with a well-managed but cautious run through of the Leonore Over. No. 3 that seems completely uninvolved with the story that Beethoven tells with such dramatic intensity in this masterpiece. Nothing amiss happens, but my attention was only captured by the flute and bassoon duet, and long stretches that should be thrilling are not (Why the two previous reviewers call this remarkable Beethoven baffles me, but I do notice a spate of puffery whenever MTT and the San Francisco Sym. release a new recording.)In the Seventh Sym. every current conductor confronts a host of great recordings from the past, and it's nearly impossible to sound original or even to erase the impression that it's all been said before. Even so, Beethoven is like Shakespeare; we may know all the words and there's no surprises left in the plot, but interpretation can bring dead art back to life. Does performance have any other purpose, ultimately?This new Seventh can't be faulted on technical grounds; MTT has always been secure in his stick technique, and infamous pitfalls like the dotted triplets in the first movement pose no difficult. He should also be granted his essential approach, which has never been toward the robust, unfettered, or spontaneous. This is a well-controlled, highly polished reading that feels, as so often with Ozawa, too, that it would benefit form being given more freedom to run.  In keeping with the new reverence for Beethoven's metronome markings, the Allegretto is faster than it used to be, and the advent of the Delmar edition has given the repeated notes sharper accents.The Scherzo is managed quite well in its balance of forward motion, off-kilter accents, and rollicking high spirits. This is one of Beethoven's greatest inventions, and MTT does full justice to it. But don't expect the kind of bumptious revelry that Bernstein delivered in his NY Phil. recording (Sony). In the finale I prefer the furious pace set by Karajan, and MTT takes us halfway there. We aren't caught up in a whirlwind, but nothing lumbers. Wagner famously called this score the apotheosis of the dance, and the best light I can put on MTT's interpretation is that it is rhythmically alert and always moving on its feet. Enough good things happen from beginning to end to justify a nice recommendation, but Bernstein, Karajan, and Carlos Kleiber have nothing to fer. The two-channel version of this recording sounds quite good, too.
Audiomachine's public-release album "Chronicles" offers a delightful range of music from the trailer-music genre. Most tracks retain a very clear feeling to be associated with them, whether it be "triumph," "suspense," "wonder," or another specific emotion. On the whole, I rate it positively, and encourage anyone interested in the genre to snap up this album immediately.The orchestration and execution of the songs leaves nothing to be desired. My only reservations have to do with the length of the songs, which for the most part range from one to two minutes in length. Now, yes, it could be argued that all trailer music usually IS only this length or shorter, but I think it is important to remember that this is a public release, meant for the public to enjoy. If Audiomachine releases an album specifically to the public, then I would hope that they would be willing tweak some of their songs to feel more "full."With that in mind, I know that the largest complaint I tend to hear is simply that the songs are too short, sometimes sounding like a sound-byte rather than a fleshed-out musical piece.However, I must state again that the album is excellent. Don't let my small reservation keep you from purchasing this excellent compilation of music.
Read elsewhere about how wonderful the album is. I really like the style of the songs, but have two gripes:1) most songs are just too short.2) in a trend that seems to be sweeping the trailer music genre, the vocals are, in my opinion, too strong, and too clunky.  A lot of tracks are great in the beginning, then the choir comes in and it just seems like an overzealous attempt at being epic.  It takes away/overshadows the character and emotion of the song.  It's great for the end of an actual movie trailer, but to just listen to it, it just seems to lack the smoothness and quality of the first part of the song.So that's just a stylistic preference of mine, if you disagree, then this album will be great for you.
I really like the short and powerful pieces. As a personal note, I did notice a lot of repetitive pieces with the drums but overall it's a very enjoyable album. Definitely worth the buy for those who want some inspiring melodies.
I heard the clips from the album and bought it on a hunch based on the groups name. I like it! :-)
All of the musical pieces on this album make for a Great Listening Experience and are performed well. Most of the musical numbers  sounds like they were created for action adventure movies or video games and in general are quite short. When I previewed this MP3 album, prior to purchase and download, there was no way to know how short some of the musical pieces were. This album would be a great test for a new stereo system or to pretend you are at a concert, but not one that I'll listen to very often.
Need to slow down when playing this ... why?  Great tunes and do have speed up when playing ... heart bounding ...
This is overall a very good album, and absolutely worth the price in my opinion (bought it on MP3).  The length of the tracks, which some complained about, didn't bother me while listening.My only gripe is that I think the vocals are present too often and stand out too much.  If I recall correctly, every single track on this album has vocals, and it's just too much.  As another reviewer said, the beginning of each song is excellent, but then the music is generally overshadowed by the choir.  In some cases it works just fine and seems like it "fits" perfectly, but in many cases I feel that it detracts from the overall experience.I don't have a problem with choir vocals in my epic music, but I also don't think EVERY song needs or should have them, at least not in the foreground.  My other main reference point with regards to epic music is Two Steps From Hell, and while they also use vocals in some tracks, not every piece will have them, and many others will have very slight, almost unnoticeable vocals that blend with the whole. By doing it that way, the songs WITH the overt vocals stand out more distinctly from those without, and the rest aren't cluttered up with singing when it's unnecessary or even detrimental to the work.So in summary I still would highly recommend this to any fan of epic/trailer music.  I will probably give some of their other albums a try.  However, I personally find that this album is best listened to with the tracks randomly interspersed with non-vocal epic music from other groups to give my ears a break from the choir.  Listening to the album as a whole simply doesn't work for me.  Your mileage may vary, especially if you prefer vocalized music.
Good music composition and instrumental, masterpieces played in a way that use modern instrument and yet sound classic, nostalgic, and inspirational.
This is a nice selection of quiet, unobtrusive classical music that is great for background sound to dispel the silence while  reading or writing.  And the price was nice.
I was looking for some soothing music for work when I have to use the computer all day and read various document.  I like that I can drown out the others in the office with good classical mood music
The album is filled with tracks of music that are perfect for listening to while reading your favorite novel on a Sunday afternoon
works fine have to write over and overworks fine have to write over and overworks fine have to write over and overworks fine have to write over and overworks fine have to write over and overworks fine have to write over and overworks fine have to write over and over
I appreciate the time someone has taken to pull together many works of classical music to complement our time set aside for reading.  Normally I want absolute silence around me when I read, all other distractions are a nuisance to me when I want to focus on the story, history or subject.  This music not only is not intrusive but often enhances my reading as it wafts softly in the background of a good book.  I recommend trying out one or all of this series.  The price is right.
I like this as background music at the office. Not distracting: it allows me to concentrate on my work while breaking up the deadly silence! Perfect!
I came across this as an Amazon recommendation for relaxing music (I tend to listen to classical and new age music for my meditation sessions). I thought it would be interesting to see how well this collection worked when reading, as noted, so I tried it.  Each piece is quite soothing and melodic, and I found it a cohesive collection overall.  It definitely not only provided a soothing backdrop to read to, but also for writing as well.  I would definitely recommend this for people who like classical or relaxing music - for the price (0.99) you can't find a better collection of songs.
I find this collection of songs very supportive of a relaxing mood.  I have listened to it many times already.  It saved me hours of time I would have spent making my own playlist from my library.
&#34;New World Zorro&#34; is not one of my favorite shows, but I do enjoy listening to the music on this CD. I especially like the original version of the theme song (which unfortunately was never aired with the show); it has the same lyrics, but they're put to a more dramatic, more authentic-sounding tune. If you like Spanish music, this is for you.
I loved this series and it had a surprisingly good soundtrack for an obvious low budget show. Although not the most amazing soundtrack ever, it makes great background music when I am writing. My two favorite tracks are Z Poignant One and Battle for the Pueblo
This is one of two Van Gilse discs I've heard so far -- the other being that which contains the Symphony No. 4 --  and this one is by far the better, because the composition is much better, in my unlearned estimation. This Symphony No. 3 is a somewhat sprawling work, late Romantic in tone and scale, and while it's hardly comparable to Mahler, whose Fifth and Sixth Symphonies are roughly contemporaneous with it, this is actually a nicely solid work that, while backward looking in its way, has some marvelous moments. If you enjoy music that extends the Romantic 19th Century even more into the 20th -- though in this case by only three years -- then check out this release -- I think you'll find it grand.
I like it. It's not for everyone's tastes. However, it is worth a listen to. I especially like Amazing Grace and Twinkle little star.
This semi-opera was originally intended to complement Smollett's play at Covent Garden but for a variety of reasons - cost, arguments, lack of suitable singers - it never reached the stage. Never one to waste his labours, Handel made the best of things by re-cycling the majority of the music from this aborted project in "The Choice of Hercules", itself performed as an interlude during a revival of the ode "Alexander's Feast" and other numbers appeared in "Belshazzar" and "Alexander Balus". The original work was forgotten so we must be grateful for the chance to hear it reconstructed here for three main singers, with conductor Christian Curnyn choosing to insert two instrumental numbers to represent the banks of the Styx and Elysium respectively.The sound is excellent: roomy, slightly reverberant and "churchy". The playing is exemplary and indeed often virtuosic - the work of the two trumpeters in particular, who slither up and down the scale wonderfully in the "Grande Entr&eacute;e" (track 2). The small choir makes a lovely, well-tuned and balanced sound and their diction is excellent. Tenor Benjamin Hulett sings in the best tradition of British Handelian tenors such as the late Anthony Rolfe Johnson, being fleet and light yet virile of tone. I am less impressed by "bass-baritone" Andrew Foster-Williams, not because he is in any sense an inadequate singer but because in accordance with another less admirable British tradition he is clearly no kind of bass and hardly a baritone given his lack of low notes in his one area for Charon, "Ye fleeting shades, I come". His voice has the slightly throaty quality common to a singer working in too low a tessitura and the low E is a groan. The aria is expertly sung but lacks the macabre gravitas a true bass could impart to it.The main vocal attraction here is the chance to hear up-and-coming soprano Lucy Crowe in several extended arias embracing a variety of styles. Although she is making a brilliant career as a lyric soprano, she in fact has a warm, mezzo-ish quality to her timbre with a very attractive, flickering vibrato which thankfully never approaches a tremolo. In the extended aria "Come, Fancy" she displays a trill, fluent coloratura and a welcome smile in the voice. Her centre-piece, however,  and the most substantial piece in the whole work is the slow, da capo aria "Gentle Morpheus" which is in a mode of measured sublimity familiar to those who know their "Theodora", written at the same time and also doomed to ignominy before its modern revival and proper celebration as one of Handel's masterpieces.The orchestral interpolations work and complement those such as the dignified "Frenchified" Symphony preceding Hercules' triumphant appearance with the rescued Alcestis. I really enjoyed the vigour and generous phrasing of the authentic band here; no squawking and no clipped phrases.Unlike "Theodora", "Alceste" is not quite, I think, a masterpiece. For all its incidental beauties, it has an element of "Handel by the yard" about it but this is as persuasive an advocacy for its many charms as we are ever likely to get and I commend the musicality of the players and the two main singers in a nonetheless charming work.
I love the 'Prince of Darkness' theme by City of the Damned.  As far as 'evil bad guy/alien invasion' music goes, you just can't get any better.  Had I not ever listened to City of the Damned's original version of this song (which you can find on YouTube) I would probably have given it five stars instead of four.  The Avengers remix, however, did something to 'flatten' the sound.  The highs and lows are missing that are audible in the original score.  It was run through a filter by the movie studio to match the action in the movie, lessened in some places so it wouldn't overpower the dialogue, and looped to make it a bit longer.  In the process, something was lost.To get a good idea of what City of the Damned's music sounds like -before- a movie studio remixes it, check out their Divinius album (Voice of Falling Water is written in a similar vein).  Lots of epic music.  No filters.  My recommendation is get for 'Prince of Darkness' wherever you can find it, but the ORIGINAL version is better if you can get your hands on it.
I don't use this when I'm reading -- more for just some quiet, background music.  My baby daughter finds it pretty soothing, too.
I purchased this album because of the recognizable music, and it didn't disappoint.  The music is great, but I must confess that a couple movements are too loud and boisterous to listen to while reading. :). No biggie.... This music is great!
I can't usually read with music playing. This recording changes that. It soothes me and allows greater focus. I hope there are similar compilations coming soon.
I enjoy this music collection. It provides the perfect backdrop for reading, study and writing. There are many pieces that are familiar and some that are not. The variety helps me focus. I highly recommend it.
Not distracting at all and relaxing. For .99, how could you go wrong! Choices were varied enough and quite enjoyable!
A great cd for an afternoon of reading and coffee.  The music is recognizable and the compositions are well done. It is lovely music before bed, while doing paperwork, paying bills, enjoying peace in your house.  It's a great compilation for the price.
New user and just getting started finding all the uses. Very satisfied with the products. Happy with the Kindle Fire HD.
I listen to it all the time while reading on my kindle or while working in my office/craft room.  I also listen to it at bedtime.
Combines the best classic music ad reding.  Has one or two selections that appear on another collection ut seldom do the selections play close as Kindle is set on random play. Have other disks of Music for the Reader love them all.
The classics are beautifully played on this CD. There aren't any flares to the pieces they are just the classics played well and straight. You really can read to this music because there aren't any changes to the familiar songs you know.
While my extensive personal library contains most of the selections on this album, it is nice to have this well thought out musical collage in one place. It does not hurt that the price was right.
I chose this Classical Music album because it has all the soothing music to read my Kindle. This album has all the expectations I was interested in. Classical music is what a good book needs. I would recommend this Classical Music album to my friends.
Violinist Cornelius Dufallo's new CD Journaling presents the music of six contemporary composers living in the United States as well as some of Dufallo's own original pieces. All for solo violin, sometimes with electronics, the results showcase the musical language of each unique compositional voice. Dufallo's tone has an earthy, gentle, serene quality to it--almost a pastoral American sound for the new millennium. His playing is straightforward and for the most part somewhat subdued. All this allows for clarity in comprehending the different styles presented on the disc.Dufallo himself has cultivated an ability to expand the possibilities of solo violin through the use of electronic loops. His own Violin Loop V is a particular standout on this disc. Beginning with relatively simple rhythmic figures put together, and the use of different registers and articulations for each layer allows them to be heard discreetly and as parts of a coherent whole. The improvisatory melody has a freedom to it that is a nice contrast to the steady loops--there is a floating quality to Dufallo's soaring melodic fragments and a rhythmic looseness that gives it a gorgeous calm.Huang Ruo's Four Fragments pulls out an entirely different sound and style from the violin by having it emulate the Chinese two-string fiddle [Ed. note: erhu]. Dufallo's tone works well to capture this idea, and sliding into pitches as well as a sense of inflection further demonstrate the versatility of this violinist. Ruo's composition is perhaps the most melodic on the CD, with overall emphasis on lengthier horizontal lines, and as such makes it a more captivating piece. The use of drone-like bass notes contributes to the earthy quality, and the excursions into the upper register really sing while maintaining Dufallo's gentle touch. The piece moves through a lot of different material, and the use of different articulations helps to provide contrast and climactic moments. One more frantic passage created by increased rhythmic intensity and harsher bowing was particularly memorable. On the other hand, the title, Four Fragments, betrays the fact that as a whole this piece is more a presentation of many different ideas rather than a coherent and captivating integral whole. It is nonetheless a good exploration of a new approach to the violin.Vijay Iyer's Playlist One (Resonance) is something of a virtuosic violin etude in Iyer's diverse musical language. Its strength is in making the violin sound like many different instruments owing to the use of multiple techniques and timbres. The phrasing is very conversational, and Iyer's writing and Dufallo's playing excel at making the solo instrument sound like several different voices.Kenji Bunch's Until Next Time is probably the most substantive track as a solid solo violin piece. It begins and ends with simple though energetic alternations between two notes. From this develop different musical ideas, and the choices of different textures in different sections feel more like a coherent piece moving through different material rather than patchwork. There is a clear melodic line throughout, even in moments of figuration, and Dufallo is particularly adept at bringing this out. Dufallo's use of expressive timing gives life to each phrase and contributes to the natural flow of the composition.John King's Prima Volta, on the other hand, does sound like patchwork. The use of computer in chance-determined processes as well as the material itself seems lacking in any musical coherence. The electronic transformations of the violin don't offer anything new or exciting in terms of sound, but rather come off like amateurish video-game music. It seems these days most new music releases have to have one somewhat cheesy laptop piece, and unfortunately Journaling is no exception. While this piece of John King's for me was a miss, I did recently hear one of his compositions make excellent use of trombones with electronics in a recent performance by Tilt Brass. The point here is that acoustic instruments with digital transformations can result in new creative heights or second-rate gimmickry, and in this case it's the latter.Joan Jeanrenaud's Empty Infinity and John Luther Adams's Three High Places are both far more textural in nature. Jeanrenaud's piece has a certain eerie, unsettled quality to it fitting for that part of a horror movie when you don't quite know what's going on but you know something is afoot. Adams's piece, on the other hand, has a gorgeous simplicity to it that's indicative of the Alaskan nature that surrounds the composer. The use of disparate registers together, with Dufallo's gentle ethereal high notes and earthy lower notes, made for a serene beauty. The fast but delicate bowing of the second "high place" gave the music a shimmery whistling quality.Journaling highlights Cornelius Dufallo's unique strengths as a performer: his use of loops in a way that allows the music to breathe rather than locks it into rigidity, and his delicate touch even during reaches into the uppermost register. This CD also makes for a good introduction into the music of several significant contemporary composers who have all cultivated their own style. Journaling is an accurate title, though for me it indicates a weakness of this release: the compositions are all intriguing in their own right, but they feel more like interesting journal entries rather than captivating essays. Everything is on some level emotionally restrained and lacking in extremes--in a sense very anti-Romantic. Perhaps this just reflects my own aesthetic difference with all things postmodern: I like unifying elements and larger narratives, not ones that flatten everything into banal simplicity, but that allow for elucidation and complexity within a coherent framework. It's that sense of gravitas, that there is something being said (musically), that I find most captivating as a listener.-David Pearson is a saxophonist residing in NYC.Originally published on ICareIfYouListen.com
love it. and so soothing. seriously. if you want to email me. mine is rogers.bryan@yahoo or rogers.bryan30@yahoo your friend smith
A beautiful blend of harmonies - not all them the expected ones. Combined with some wonderful texts this is one anyone who loves great choral music should add to their collection. And if you sing - find a chorus doing this music. You won't regret it.
First off, the price is amazing.  These are all new compositions premiered by the American Composers Orchestra, played with skill and conviction.  Given the highly disparate styles of the composers involved, everyone will have different favorites and peeves.  I especially enjoyed Fred Ho's baritone sax piece and Ned McGowan's piece for contrabass flute.
This album is the creative fruit of a unique Bay Area collaboration between San Francisco Choral Artists (Magen Solomon, Artistic Director) and The Alexander String Quartet. My own recent experience with a like-sized chamber choir (24 voices) and string quartet acquainted me with the expressive possibilities of this intimate ensemble. Especially in the resonance of a church (in this album's case, St. Stephen's Episcopal Church in Belvedere, CA), the strings are not overwhelmed by the choir, but rather find their own space to complement the sometimes dense vocal texture.The first sound we hear on this album is the wizened voice of Beat poet Lawrence Ferlinghetti reciting from his "Challenges to Young Poets":Birds-song is not made by machine.Give your poem wings to fly to the treetops.Inspired by a sculpture of the same name in front of the poet's City Lights Bookstore, composer Veronika Krausas' language of the birds sets passages from five of Ferlinghetti's San Francisco Poems. Three (1, 3, 5) are jouncy bird-themed exercises in which the strings saw away quick successions of detached notes to create a frenetic energy on which the choir feeds, turning these simple haiku-like phrases into insistent declamations with plenty of dramatic irony. These pieces are separated by two more relaxed, atmospheric musical statements recalling the spare, severe language of Ligeti. No. 4 describes the light and fog of San Francisco, and Krausas sets the vision of night giving way to dawn to a gently shifting blanket of minor chords, sometimes superimposed to create interesting clusters, but ultimately expressing the inscrutability of timeless processes.SFCA perform a cappella on Hollow Stone, Stephen Leek's setting of text from Australian poet Randolph Stow's "Sleep." The composer has aptly translated a blighted, burned landscape into harrowing vocal textures. Sustained harmonic clusters evoke a flat, desolate expanse, and for much of the piece we get no sense of metrical organization, just stasis, but we also are given a glimpse at the dignity of people whose lives depend on an unforgiving landscape:my lands mirror the moon in desolation.But the moon has come. And the tribeslike smoke, seep campward.Sleep: who are silence;Make me a hollow stoneBrahms' Four Quartets, Op. 92, originally for vocal quartet and piano, are here performed with the piano part transcribed for string quartet by Zakarias Grafilo, first violin of the Alexander String Quartet. SFCA's rich vocal blend is as effective with these Romantic settings as with the freer modern works. "O Sch&ouml;ne Nacht" is a warm paean to the mystical elements of night: "the enchanted moon," "little stars in a devoted circle of friends," even the nightingale is given a characteristic leaping sing-song melody (translation from German by Magen Solomon). "Sp&auml;therbst" (Late Autumn), on the other hand, is a haunting observation of the winding down of life in a fog-blanketed landscape. The soprano voice pierces the staid limits of the first few lines to effect a true lament.Beethoven composed the Elegiac Song, Op. 118, to commemorate the wife of his landlord Johann Baptist von Pasqualati on the anniversary of his passing. The halting delivery of these tender words by an anonymous poet recalls some of Mozart's heartbreaking arias, while also looking forward to Beethoven's later style in which musical ideas are allowed to develop freely, without the constraint of standard Classical forms and phrasing. "Gently, as you lived, / so has your life concluded," is set to a heartfelt harmonic progression and cadences that console where words alone must fail.For Winter Light, composer Michael Gandolfi set two poems by the Imagist poet Amy Lowell that crystallize the individual's tortured experience with, respectively, nature and passion. "Falling Snow" begins with the strings playing a hurried falling figure in a minor, sounding like the beginning of a string quartet, so complete is the idea. When the voices gently declaim, "The snow whispers around me / And my wooden clogs / Leave holes behind me in the snow," we realize what the strings have been alluding to musically. "Opal" opens with excited violins in A major over an energetic pizzicato cello, and the voices soon deliver the paradox of Lowell's relationship with actress Ada Dwyer Russell: "You are ice and fire, / The touch of you burns my hands like snow." Once again, we hear the choir handling very dense harmonies with a startling clarity, providing dramatic heft while the strings convey the lightness and forward rush of fleeting thoughts.As a student of Nadia Boulanger, Paul Chihara was exposed to the great early modern French composers, and although many of his recent compositions bear the names of pieces by Debussy, his Clair de Lune is inspired principally by the Verlaine poem:We're dancing in the dark so sadly,Dreaming visions of love in the moonlight.We are passionate dancers dancingSinging intimate songs of love.Various chord inversions hand suspended without resolution, like a weightless ballerina en pointe. Much of the piece features the pulse of a gentle waltz, with the choir eliding words to create a smooth tapestry adorning this dreamscape where sadness and ecstasy can coexist without confusion.Anchored by fresh interpretations of Brahms and Beethoven, the imaginative new works commissioned for the Alexander String Quartet and SFCA cohere uncannily, as the composers no doubt took advantage of the ensembles' polished ability to stretch time and evoke an endless range of emotional and picturesque subjects.-Rob Wendt is a pianist / composer / music educator living in Astoria, NY. You can follow him on twitter: @RobWendtOriginally published on ICareIfYouListen.com
These pieces belong in the &#34;Baroque&#34; section, not Renaissance. Also, stylistic periods are not genres (&#34;concerto&#34; would be an example of a genre) and &#34;song&#34; is a genre that involves singing. Apple started calling all pieces of music &#34;songs&#34; and &#34;classical&#34; a genre, thus setting this weird trend and confusing our students.  The recording is perfectly nice.  The labeling doesn't identify the composers (BWV is obvious). Yes, I know who wrote which, but you should label things completely.  It would also be nice (also with downloaded music) to get the liner notes. There are texted pieces here (in German and Italian) and people should get the translations.  The recording is a kind of miscellany, with some complete works and excerpts from large works.
I cant really  review this because it is not on Cd.The old time listeners have been left out in the cold.I know he plays great guitar and has a fine warm voice from some of  his other cds.I am sad I won't have this one.Gwen
I normally avoid musical mash-ups like the plague, especially classical-jazz hybrids, which to my ears always mesh about as well as oil and water. But I was immediately intrigued when I spotted this disc at my local record store. Stravinsky's music has always appealed to me in part because of its minor-key intensity, unpredictable melodic and harmonic progression, rhythmic propulsion and those occasional ineffable passages that groove in a manner not dissimilar to jazz. "The Re-(W)rite of Spring," I'm happy to say, more than met my expectations, thanks to the mad genius behind this project, Darryl Brenzel: alto saxophonist, director of the Mobtown Modern Big Band and arranger extraordinaire. Brenzel somehow managed to translate Stravinsky's visionary ballet so that its idiosyncratic contours are clearly recognizable, yet emerge in music that is written -- and performed -- in a manner that is clearly jazz. Brenzel's charts for this reinterpreted "Rite" are by turns harsh and aggressive, lyrical and intimate. More important, they conjure a consistent groove and create plenty of organic space for some hot solos by the Mobtown mob, notably Steve Lesche on guitar, Pat Shook on tenor sax and Michael Johnston on flugelhorn. Ultimately, this is less avant-garde classical than dark-toned big band jazz that would likely put a smile on Gil Evans' face. It might even earn a hereafter nod from Stravinsky himself.
Excellent recording quality and fine playing by the ensemble; Dr. Lynch is doing excellent work there.  Recording of the Stravinsky is solid but not my favorite.  I enjoyed getting to her the Mobberly, his works aren't played enough.
When walking on the treadmill it was very enjoyable, I wouldn't want it if I were jogging but that is not why I got it.
I have always considered Audiomachine to be one of the best in the business.  As the world of "trailer music" and "epic score" gets larger, these artists must differentiate themselves in order to stand out.  Audiomachine can do bold and intense cues as good as anyone, but the result is always more than just loud noises - their music tells a story and paints a vivid picture in your mind.I was a big fan of Audiomachine's last album,Chronicles.  That album was epic with 28 tracks and over an hour of music.  By contrast, "Epica" has just 12 tracks totaling 43 minutes.  Of course, quality is always more important than quantity, but it still feels as though this album lacks the value that the previous one had.The album gets off on the right foot: the first track, "Prologue: Birth" is incredible.  There are many other strong tracks, including "Fire and Honor" and "The New Earth".  In fact, the entire album is almost consistently strong, even if some of the tracks begin to sound a bit similar.  Among the 12 tracks are a few cues that may sound familiar to attentive listeners - Track 6, titled "Knights and Lords", was recently used in a trailer for the film "Prometheus".Overall, "Epica" is just a bit too short and not quite diverse enough.  The album never reaches the heights of the best tracks on "Chronicles".  But it's still a worthy entry for Audiomachine, and I'm already looking forward to their next album!
Love Audiomachine! Love all the songs on this cd. Rating a 4 because I wish there were more tracks.This music really helps me chill out and also inspires me to do more in my life. I can't explain it better than that. It is uplifting and calming at the same time. Great orchestration and vocals!!!  Keep cranking them out Audiomachine!  Big Fan!!  - Robert D.
Just like other records in the same series:Nice music. No more, no less. Just as advertised. It is a pleasure to listen to this music selection while reading on your Kindle.Fungus
Very nice, relaxing music to listen to whenever you need a break from stress. I like to play it in the background whenever I'm doing chores.
This is just what it is so open a book or some reading material and enjoy ! May want to add a beverage of your choice too!
This compilation includes a good selection of well known classical compositions.  The playlist is well selected to provide a relaxing background for casual reading or that Sunday crossword puzzle.
I own a few of these albums of he same series and they keep getting better. Can't wait for the next.